0	Velikite Balgari ( , `` The Great Bulgarians `` ) was the Bulgarian spin-off of the 2002 program `` 100 Greatest Britons `` produced by the BBC .	Aired on the Bulgarian National Television 's Kanal 1 , its first stage began on 9 June 2006 and finished on 10 December , with a show on 23 December announcing the names of the Top 100 as chosen by popular vote .	The Top 10 were announced in alphabetical order .	In the second stage , which lasted until 17 February 2007 , the viewers determined the order in the Top 10 .	Documentaries dedicated to every Top 10 personality were aired during the second stage .
0	The Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Serbia ( ) , is a cabinet-level ministry in the Government of Serbia .	The ministry is responsible for local and national Law Enforcement and Police services with municipal and district branches throughout the country .	Its core responsibilities include : crime prevention , criminal apprehension , investigations , customs and border control , counter-terrorism , anti-corruption , anti-narcotics and disaster relief .	The ministry is also responsible for issuing passports and personal identification to citizens .	The current minister of internal affairs is Nebojša Stefanović .
0	Blowing snow is snow lifted from the surface by the wind , at a height of 8 feet ( 2 metres ) or more , that will reduce visibility .	Blowing snow can come from falling snow or snow that already accumulated on the ground but is picked up and blown about by strong winds .	It is one of the classic requirements for a blizzard .	Its METAR code is BLSN .	If the snow remains below 8 feet ( 2 m ) , it will be called Drifting snow ( METAR code DRSN ) .
2	The strait runs through the municipalities of Haugesund , Karmøy , and Bokn .	Karmsund is a strait located in Rogaland county , Norway .	The long strait divides the island of Karmøy on the west and the mainland of Norway and island of Vestre Bokn in the east .	The town of Haugesund lies at the northern end of the strait and the town of Kopervik lies in the central part of the strait , and the village of Skudeneshavn lies near the southern end where the strait flows into the Boknafjorden .	The Karmsund Bridge , a part of the European route E134 highway , links Karmøy to the mainland .
4	The federation is also in charge of its football clubs and the Bahamanian national team .	The Bahamas Football Association is the official football federation in The Bahamas .	It was founded in 1967 for men , women , and children to learn more about football .	It affiliated with FIFA in 1968 .	The headquarters are in Nassau .
4	The fund is controlled by the Ministry of Finance .	The Russian National Wealth Fund is Russia 's sovereign wealth fund .	It was created after the Stabilization Fund of the Russian Federation was split into two separate investment funds on 30 January 2008 .	The two funds are the Reserve Fund , which is invested abroad in low-yield securities and used when oil and gas incomes fall , and the National Wealth Fund , which invests in riskier , higher return vehicles , as well as federal budget expenditures .	The Reserve Fund was given $ 125 billion and the National Wealth Fund was given $ 32 billion .
3	During this period , he was instrumental in building a number of business practices from scratch .	A. Lakshman Rao is the former Chief Operating Officer of Wipro Technologies .	Rao joined Wipro ’ s Information Technology business as a founder member in 1980 and contributed significantly towards building a R & D team .	From 1993 to 1996 , he worked as Vice President ( Technical ) at Wipro Systems and played an important role in building competence in Client / Server and Object technologies .	Testing services , business intelligence , data warehousing and e-Enabling are some of them .
3	He is credited with founding the localization department at the company which has been praised for its high quality translations .	Richard Mark Honeywood is a video game localization director and professional English / Japanese translator .	He grew up in Australia , moving to Japan after graduating with degrees in computer science and Japanese from the University of Sydney .	Honeywood initially worked for several Japanese video game developers as a programmer , but moved into localization after joining Square in 1997 .	During his tenure at Square ( later Square Enix ) , Honeywood expanded the team from Japanese to English translation to a partner of the development team , creating localized text and graphics for multiple languages and ensuring that the video game code supported multiple languages easily .
4	, but rather imaginary books that do not exist .	A fictional book is a non-existent book created specifically for ( i.e .	within ) a work of fiction .	This is `` not `` a list of works of fiction ( i.e .	, novels , mysteries , etc . )
4	The temple is an excellent example of Kerala Vasthu Vidya .	Palkulangara Devi Temple ( Malayalam : പാല ് ‍ കുളങ ് ങര ദേവി ക ് ഷേത ് രം ) is a Hindu temple in Palkulangara , Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .	This place is around 1 km from Pettah Junction , 700 m from West Fort Junction and 1.5 km from Chakka bypass Junction .	It is about 1.5 kilometres to the west of Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Thiruvananthapuram city .	Now the temple is under the control of Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust .
3	( WCM ) and Magyar Turizmus Zrt .	Balatonring was to be a 4.650 km long motor racing circuit , located in Sávoly , Hungary near Central and South Europe 's biggest lake Balaton .	The circuit is located about 180 km away from Budapest , the capital city of Hungary .	Spain 's Balatonring Zrt was to operate the racing circuit with 70 % share owned by Worldwide Circuit Management S.L .	( Hungarian Tourism Board ) owning 30 % .
0	The term Safe Work Procedure ( SWP ) originated in Victoria , Australia , and is predominantly used as a risk management tool by industries throughout Australia , particularly in the mining sector .	SWPs are also referred to using other terms , such as Standard Operating Procedure ( SOPre ) ( SOP ) .	A Safe Work Procedure is a step by step description of a process when deviation may cause a loss .	This risk control document created by teams within the company describes the safest and most efficient way to perform a task .	This document stays in the Health & Safety system for regular use as a template or guide when completing that particular task on site .
3	RDM is highly portable and is available on Windows , Linux , Unix and several real-time or embedded operating systems .	Raima Database Manager ( or RDM ) is an ACID-compliant embedded database management system designed for use in embedded systems applications .	RDM has been designed to utilize multi-core computers , networking ( local or wide area ) , and on-disk or in-memory storage management .	RDM provides support for multiple application programming interfaces ( APIs ) : low-level C API , C + + , and SQL ( native , ODBC , JDBC , ADO.NET , and LabView ) .	A source-code license is also available .
2	False imprisonment is a common-law felony and a tort .	False imprisonment occurs when a person is restricted in their personal movement within any area without justification or consent .	Actual physical restraint is not necessary to a false imprisonment case .	It applies to private as well as governmental detention .	When it comes to public police , the proving of false imprisonment is sufficient to obtain a writ of habeas corpus .
1	It is known under a variety of local names such as `` Golden Hamburg , and Black Hamburg `` in the US ; `` Muscat de Hambourg ( or Hamburgh ) `` in France ; `` Moscato di Amburgo `` in Italy ; and `` Muscat Gamburgskiy `` in Russia and former Soviet Union countries .	Black Muscat ( or Muscat Hamburg ) is a red `` Vitis vinifera `` grape variety derived from the crossing of the Schiava Grossa and Muscat of Alexandria by R. Snow of Bedforshire , England in 1850 according to the Vitis International Variety Catalogue .	Confusingly , Black Hamburg is also used as a synonym for its maternal parent .	It is commonly produced as table wine but in California 's Central Valley it has been used in the production of dessert wine .	As a dessert wine it can be highly aromatic with a rich coloring .
3	There are 205 teams in men 's Division I competition .	The 2014 NCAA Division I men 's soccer season was the 56th season of NCAA championship men 's college soccer .	The regular season began in late August 2014 and continued into November 2014 .	The season culminated with the 2014 NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Championship in December 2014 .	The defending champions were the Notre Dame Fighting Irish who won its first NCAA soccer title by defeating the Maryland 2-1 in the 2013 College Cup .
2	The Huskies played their home games at Sharp Gymnasium as members of the Southland Conference .	The 2016 – 17 Houston Baptist Huskies men 's basketball team represented Houston Baptist University in the 2016 – 17 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season .	This season was head coach Ron Cottrell 's 26th season at HBU .	They finished the season 17 – 14 , 12 – 6 in Southland play to finish in a three-way tie for second place .	The lost in the Quarterfinals of the Southland Tournament to Sam Houston State .
1	UPD can be the result of heterodisomy , in which a pair of non-identical chromosomes are inherited from one parent ( an earlier stage meiosis I error ) or isodisomy , in which a single chromosome from one parent is duplicated ( a later stage meiosis II error ) .	Uniparental disomy ( UPD ) occurs when a person receives two copies of a chromosome , or of part of a chromosome , from one parent and no copy from the other parent .	Uniparental disomy may have clinical relevance for several reasons .	For example , either isodisomy or heterodisomy can disrupt parent-specific genomic imprinting , resulting in imprinting disorders .	Additionally , isodisomy leads to large blocks of homozygosity , which may lead to the uncovering of recessive genes , a similar phenomenon seen in children of consanguineous partners .
4	The Speaker uses the letters SHK after his name .	The Speaker of the House of Keys ( ) is the principal officer of the House of Keys , the lower house of the Isle of Man legislature .	The Speaker is elected from the membership of the House at its first sitting after an election .	He is responsible for controlling the procedure of the House and for authoritative interpretation of its standing orders .	He sets the business of the House and authorises the order of business of the House for each sitting .
1	Since then they have only released one demo : ...	Battered is a Norwegian thrash metal band fronted by then-former ( now reunited ) Einherjer members Frode Glesnes , Gerhard Storesund and Aksel Herløe in 2004 .	Beyond Recognition and one album Battered .	A new vocalist joined their band in 2005 , Siggy Olaisen , and they recorded their self-titled debut album which was released February 27 , 2006 in Norway and March 13 in the rest of Europe .	The American date for the album Battered was April 4 , 2006 .
0	The is situated in the Iwata city of Shizuoka Prefecture .	In Japan during Nara period , lot of provincial temples and nunneries were built across the country .	This temple was built on the Emperor Shoumu 's orders in 741 .	Shōmu ( 701 – 756 ? )	decreed both a kokubun-ji for monks and a kokubunni-ji ( 国分尼寺 ? )
2	The fall of the capital resulted in the Ahom kings flight , as well as treason by high Ahom officials including the kings own brother .	The Treaty of Majuli ( 1563 ) was settled between the Koch king Nara Narayan and the Ahom king Sukhaamphaa .	The treaty followed a successful campaign against the Ahom kingdom led by Chilarai , the general of the Koch forces and the brother of the king , which resulted in the fall of Garhgaon , the Ahom capital .	The Ahom king sued for peace via his emissary , Aikhek Burhagohain .	During the peace negotiations Nara Narayan was camped at Majuli .
2	Wakasa , located deep in the Chūgoku Mountains , is 95 % mountainous .	As of 2016 , the town has an estimated population of 3,209 and a density of 16 persons per km ² .	The total area is .	The population of Wakasa is primarily located in mountain villages in a line from the southeast to northwest of the town .	Most of the population is located along the Hattō River or its small tributaries .
0	The 1946 Florida hurricane also known as the 1946 Tampa Bay hurricane was the last hurricane to make direct landfall in the Tampa Bay Area of the U.S. state of Florida to date .	Forming on October 5 from the complex interactions of several weather systems over the southern Caribbean Sea , the storm rapidly strengthened before striking western Cuba .	After entering the Gulf of Mexico , it peaked with winds corresponding to Category 2 status on the modern-day Saffir – Simpson Hurricane Scale ; however , it quickly weakened before approaching Florida .	It made landfall south of St. Petersburg and continued to weaken as it proceeded inland .	Its remnants persisted for several days longer .
3	, were used in some of the ragas .	The Asampurna Melakarta ( transliterated as Asaṃpūrṇa Mēḷakarta ) scheme is the system of 72 ragas ( musical scales ) originally proposed in the 17th century by Venkatamakhin in his Chaturdanda Prakasikha .	This proposal used scales with notes that do not conform to the sampurna raga system .	Skipped notes or repeated notes , etc .	Some of the ragas of any `` Melakarta `` system will use `` Vivadi `` swaras ( discordant notes ) .
1	It was the next major development in firearms technology after the matchlock and the first self-igniting firearm .	A wheellock , wheel-lock or wheel lock , is a friction-wheel mechanism to cause a spark for firing a firearm .	Its name is from its rotating steel wheel to provide ignition .	Developed around 1500 , it was used alongside the matchlock and was later superseded by the snaplock ( 1540s ) , the snaphance ( 1560s ) and the flintlock ( c .	1600 ) .
3	It is also not flammable – an explosion can not be created by a burning fuse or electricity .	Tannerite is the brand name of a patented exploding target used for firearms practice , sold in kit form and containing the components of a binary explosive .	The explosive comprises a combination of ammonium nitrate and / or ammonium perchlorate ( oxidizers ) , and a fuel - primarily aluminum powder - that is supplied as two separate powders that are mixed by the user .	The combination is relatively stable when subjected to forces less severe than a high-velocity bullet impact , such as a hammer blow , being dropped , or impact from a low-velocity bullet or shotgun blast .	Because it is sold as two separate powders , it can be transported and sold in many places without the legal restrictions that would otherwise apply to explosives .
4	He was retired to stud at the end of 2013 after having fertility problems .	Reckless Abandon ( foaled 28 March 2010 ) is British Thoroughbred racehorse .	In a racing career which began in May 2012 he has won all five of his races including the Norfolk Stakes at Royal Ascot , the Prix Morny at Deauville and the Middle Park Stakes at Newmarket .	He ended the European season as one of the year 's most highly rated two-year-olds .	He had training problems in the following eason and failed to win although he ran well in several major sprint races .
0	Keoladeo National Park or Keoladeo Ghana National Park formerly known as the Bharatpur Bird Sanctuary in Bharatpur , Rajasthan , India is a famous avifauna sanctuary that hosts thousands of birds , especially during the winter season .	Over 230 species of birds are known to be resident .	It is also a major tourist centre with scores of ornithologists arriving here in the hibernal season .	It was declared a protected sanctuary in 1971 .	It is also a World Heritage Site .
1	It is near the Nanjing Railway Station and Ji Ming Temple .	Xuanwu Lake ( simplified Chinese : 玄武湖 ; pinyin : Xuánwǔ hú ) is located in Xuanwu District in the central-northeast part of Nanjing in Jiangsu , China .	Five islands within the lake are interconnected by arched bridges .	A visit to the lake and its park can include up to a five-hour walk .	Within the park are temples , pagodas , pavilions , gardens , teahouses , restaurants , entertainment venues , a small zoo , and other attractions .
3	In the United States , the Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh is self-governing ( `` sui iuris `` ) .	The Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church , also known in the United States as the Byzantine Catholic Church , is an Eastern Catholic church that uses the Byzantine Rite for its services .	It is one of the 23 Eastern Catholic churches that are in full communion with the Holy See .	There are two main communities within the church - American and European .	In Europe , Ruthenian Catholics are immediately subject to the Holy See .
2	In 1981 , Webber worked as an employee of the Harvard Business School , where he went on to serve for six years as managing editor and editorial director of the `` Harvard Business Review `` .	Alan Webber ( born September 18 , 1948 , St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American entrepreneur , writer and progressive Democrat who unsuccessfully ran for Governor of New Mexico in 2014 .	Following his run for Governor , Webber founded One New Mexico , a solution-oriented nonprofit aimed at advancing New Mexico 's economic outlook , nurturing entrepreneurship and innovation and connecting New Mexicans statewide .	In 1995 , Webber co-founded the technology business magazine , `` Fast Company `` , where he was named Adweek 's Editor of the Year in 1999 .	In 2000 , investors sold `` Fast Company `` for $ 360 million , which was at the time the second highest price ever paid for a U.S. magazine .
4	Chiral oligo ( p-phenylenevinylene ) s self-assemble in a controlled fashion into ( helical ) wires .	Supramolecular electronics is the experimental field of supramolecular chemistry that bridges the gap between molecular electronics and bulk plastics in the construction of electronic circuitry at the nanoscale .	In supramolecular electronics , assemblies of pi-conjugated systems on the 5 to 100 nanometer length scale are prepared by molecular self-assembly with the aim to fit these structures between electrodes .	With single-molecules as researched in molecular electronics at the 5 nanometer scale this would be impractical .	Nanofibers can be prepared from polymers such as polyaniline and polyacetylene .
2	Pleasant , Charleston , North Charleston , Goose Creek , Moncks Corner , and Hanahan are located along the river .	The Cooper River is a mainly tidal river in the U.S. state of South Carolina .	The South Carolina cities of Mt .	Short and wide , it is joined first by the blackwater East Branch , then farther downstream , the tidal Wando River .	Almost immediately thereafter , the river widens into its estuary , uniting with the Ashley River to form the Charleston Harbor .
0	Nightmare Town is a short story written by Dashiell Hammett in 1924 .	It was first published in a December issue of Argosy All-Story Weekly magazine .	It became the title story of a 1948 collection of four Hammett short stories published in paperback with illustrations .	It appeared again in 1999 , the eponymous story of a collection of twenty short stories edited by Kirby McCauley , Martin H Greenberg and Ed Gorman .	It was adapted for BBC radio in June 2010 and read by Stuart Milligan .
4	Despite their lowest winning percentage since the 1990 – 91 season , the team qualified for the NBA Playoffs as the # 7 seed .	The 1997 – 98 NBA season was the 52nd season for the New York Knicks in the National Basketball Association .	During the offseason , the Knicks acquired Chris Mills from the Boston Celtics and Chris Dudley from the Portland Trail Blazers .	At midseason , they traded Herb Williams to the Philadelphia 76ers for Terry Cummings .	In the regular season , the Knicks had a 43 – 39 record , which placed them in a tie for second place in the Atlantic Division .
3	The film received positive reviwes and became the highest grossing Sri Lanka film of all time with 121 million rupees .	Sooriya Arana ( Fire Fighters ) ( ) is a 2004 Sri Lankan Sinhala children 's thriller film directed by Somaratne Dissanayake and produced by Renuka Balasooriya .	It stars Jackson Anthony and Jayalath Manoratne in lead roles along with Sajitha Anuththara and Dasun Madusanka .	Music composed by Rohana Weerasinghe .	It is the 1025th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema .
1	The wildlife area is managed by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife with the intent of restoring and managing a variety of wildlife habitats in the Yolo Basin , a natural basin in the north part of the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta .	The Yolo Bypass Wildlife Area is located within the Yolo Bypass in Yolo County , California .	The creation of the wildlife area was spearheaded by the Yolo Basin Foundation .	The California Department of Fish and Wildlife and Yolo Basin Foundation are the core partners in the operation of this unique community resource .	Located at
4	The civil parish includes nearby Eastwell , which is to the west of the village .	Eaton is a village and civil parish in Leicestershire , England .	It is situated in the Vale of Belvoir and its current population is about 900 people .	The population at the 2011 census ( including Eastwell and Goadby Marwood ) was 648 .	Eaton has a church , a village hall , a public house called `` The Castle `` , a children 's park and a new village shop .
1	It is named for Thomas Robert Malthus , who suggested that while technological advances could increase a society 's supply of resources , such as food , and thereby improve the standard of living , the resource abundance would enable population growth , which would eventually bring the per capita supply of resources back to its original level .	The Malthusian trap is the putative lack of sustainability of improvements in a society 's standard of living because of population growth .	Some economists contend that since the industrial revolution , mankind has broken out of the trap .	Others argue that the continuation of extreme poverty indicates that the Malthusian trap continues to operate .	Others further argue that due to lack of food availability coupled with excessive pollution , developing countries show more evidence of the trap .
0	Wolf hunting is the practice of hunting gray wolves `` ( Canis lupus ) `` or other species of wolves .	Wolves are mainly hunted for sport , for their skins , to protect livestock , and , in some rare cases , to protect humans .	Wolves have been actively hunted since 8,000 to 10,000 years ago , when they first began to pose as a threat to livestock vital for the survival of Neolithic human communities .	Historically , the hunting of wolves was a huge capital and manpower intensive operation , requiring miles of netting , specialized net-carts and big drying sheds for storing and drying nets .	The threat wolves posed to both livestock and people was considered significant enough to warrant the conscription of whole villages under threat of punishment , despite the disruption of economic activities and reduced taxes .
1	This heterocyclic compound is a red-orange , sublimable solid .	( 2,2,6,6-Tetramethylpiperidin-1-yl ) oxyl or ( 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-1-yl ) oxidanyl , commonly known as TEMPO , is a chemical compound with the formula ( CH ) ( CMe ) NO .	As a stable radical , it has applications in chemistry and biochemistry .	TEMPO was discovered by Lebedev and Kazarnowskii in 1960 .	It is prepared by oxidation of 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine .
4	The college was granted autonomy by the UGC on 13 June 2014 .	St.Berchmans ' College Changanassery also known as SB College , is the first Autonomous College in Kerala , India situated in the town of Changanassery 18 kilometers south of Kottayam .	Established in 1922 , the college has thirteen postgraduate and seven research departments .	It is run by the Catholic Archdiocese of Changanassery , is affiliated to the Mahatma Gandhi University in Kottayam and is recognized by the University Grants Commission ( UGC ) .	St. Berchmans ' has a sprawling green campus and large play grounds .
4	Though based on the Hebrew canonical Book of Joshua , it differs greatly from the latter in both form and content and the Samaritans ascribe no canonical authority to it .	The Samaritan Book of Joshua is a Samaritan chronicle so called because the greater part of it is devoted to the history of Joshua .	It is extant in two divergent recensions , one in Samaritan Hebrew and the other in Arabic .	The editio princeps published an Arabic manuscript written in the Samaritan alphabet , with a Latin translation and a long preface by T. W. Juynboll ( Leyden , 1848 ) .	The Samaritan Hebrew version was published in 1908 by Moses Gaster .
2	He suggests that formal education lasts too long , teaches the wrong social class values , and increasingly damages students over time .	Compulsory Miseducation is a critique of American public schools written by Paul Goodman and published by Horizon Press in 1964 .	Already established as a social critic of American society and the role of its youth in his previous book `` Growing Up Absurd `` ( 1960 ) , Goodman argues in `` Compulsory Miseducation `` against the necessity of schools for the socialization of youth and recommends their abolition .	Goodman writes that the school reflects the misguided and insincere values of its society and thus school reformers should focus on these values before schools .	He proposes a variety of alternatives to school including no school , the city or farm as school , apprenticeships , guided travel , and youth organizations .
2	Stafrænn has self released 3 albums in Iceland .	Stafrænn Hákon ( , `` Digital Hákon `` ) is the stage name used by Icelandic musician Ólafur Josephsson .	Ólafur has been making music at his home studio since 1999 .	Later 2 of the albums were re-released on Resonant in the UK and the debut on Secret Eye in the U.S. Stafrænn also released his 4th record on Resonant in 2004 .	The album `` Gummi `` was released in June 2007 , on Resonant and Nature Bliss .
3	However , when Calvin left the show for the States , supermodel Amanda Griffin joined the cast .	F !	was a weekly lifestyle magazine show in the Philippines , which focuses on the latest fashion trends , best dining spots and how to live a social life , originally hosted by actress Angel Aquino , interior designer and model Daphne Osena-Paez and journalist Cher Calvin .	The trio became known as the F Girls .	It premiered on ABS-CBN from April 17 , 1999 to February 26 , 2006 , becoming the longest-running lifestyle show of the network .
1	is a television show that originally aired on Bravo !	Bathroom Divas : So You Want to Be an Opera Star ?	Canada for two seasons .	It was produced by Kaleidoscope Entertainment , Inc. and directed by Mike Ward .	The winner got to perform live in front of a world class orchestra .
0	John Charles Carney Jr .	( born May 20 , 1956 ) is an American politician who is the 74th and current Governor of Delaware since January 2017 .	He is a member of the Democratic Party , and served as the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2017 prior to his governorship .	Carney was also the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Delaware from 2001 to 2009 and served as Delaware 's Secretary of Finance .	He first unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination for Governor of Delaware in 2008 , losing to Jack Markell .
4	It includes road coverage of 783 km .	Cuttack is one of the oldest & major cities in India and the former capital of the state of Odisha .	Cuttack Municipal Corporation ( ) ( CMC ) was established as a municipality in 04 / 06 / 1876 .	It was named as a corporation in 15 / 08 / 1994 .	This corporation covers an area of 192.5 km with a population above 14,54,328 .
4	For example , at optical frequencies , plasmons can couple with a photon to create another quasiparticle called a plasmon polariton .	In physics , a plasmon is a quantum of plasma oscillation .	Just as light ( an optical oscillation ) consists of photons , the plasma oscillation consists of plasmons .	The plasmon can be considered as a quasiparticle since it arises from the quantization of plasma oscillations , just like phonons are quantizations of mechanical vibrations .	Thus , plasmons are collective ( a discrete number ) oscillations of the free electron gas density .
1	It was developed from his 1995 essay entitled Bowling Alone : America 's Declining Social Capital .	Bowling Alone : The Collapse and Revival of American Community is a 2000 nonfiction book by Robert D. Putnam .	Putnam surveys the decline of social capital in the United States since 1950 .	He has described the reduction in all the forms of in-person social intercourse upon which Americans used to found , educate , and enrich the fabric of their social lives .	He argues that this undermines the active civil engagement , which a strong democracy requires from its citizens .
0	Aerobic anoxygenic phototrophic bacteria ( AAPBs ) are alphaproteobacteria and gammaproteobacteriathat are obligate aerobes that capture energy from light by anoxygenic photosynthesis .	Anoxygenic photosynthesis is the phototrophic process where light energy is captured and stored as ATP .	The production of oxygen is non-existent and , therefore , water is not used as an electron donor .	They are widely distributed marine plankton that may constitute over 10 % of the open ocean microbial community .	They can be particularly abundant in oligotrophic conditions where they were found to be 24 % of the community .
0	X Factor is a Polish television music competition to find new singing talent and part of a British franchise `` The X Factor `` .	The third series began on 23 February 2013 and ended on 26 May 2013 .	All three judges known from the previous series including Czesław Mozil , Tatiana Okupnik and Kuba Wojewódzki returned .	On 21 November 2012 it was announced that Jarosław Kuźniar would not be back to present the series due to personal reasons and his commitments to TVN24 .	On 13 December 2012 , Patricia Kazadi was confirmed as the new presenter .
3	The lowest ranked 20 teams were placed in 6 preliminary qualifying groups of 3 and one group of 2 , with the group winners joining the remaining 21 teams in 7 groups of 4 .	The qualification process for the 2004 AFC Asian Cup football competition began on March 2003 .	Out of the 45 AFC members only Cambodia and the Philippines failed to enter for the tournament .	Both China , the hosts and Japan , the reigning champions automatically qualified for the finals .	The top two of each of these groups qualified for the finals in China .
3	Of the population , 90 % are Muslim , the remaining 10 % are Christian .	Jolo ( Tausūg : `` Lupah Sūg `` , Filipino : `` Bayan ng Holo `` ) is a municipality on the island of Jolo , and the capital of the province of Sulu , Philippines .	According to the , it has a population of people , making it the most populous municipality in the province .	Part of its population is of Chinese descent , mainly from Singapore .	Jolo was the center of the government of the Sulu Sultanate .
1	The R type ship was used in World War II , Korean War , Vietnam War and the Cold War .	The Type R ship is a United States Maritime Administration ( MARAD ) designation for World War II refrigerated cargo ship , also called a reefer ship .	Type R ships were used to transport perishable commodities which require temperature-controlled transportation , such as fruit , meat , fish , vegetables , dairy products and other foods .	The US Maritime Commission ordered 41 new refrigerated ships for the US Navy .	Because of the difficulty of building refrigerated ships only two were delivered in 1944 , and just 26 were delivered in 1945 and the remainder in 1946 – 48 .
3	His father started to teach him the oud when he was around six years old , as his father was a singer , and an oud player .	Jamil Bashir ( ; b .	Mosul , Iraq , 1920 ; d .	London , September 24 , 1977 ) was born to an ethnic Assyrian / Syriac Christian family and is the brother of Munir Bashir .	The Iraqi Music Institute was opened in 1936 , under administration of Hanna Petros ( 1896 – 1958 ) , then in 1937 Sherif Muheddin Haydar and other professors joined the faculty of the Institute ; Jamil Bashir was enrolled to learn Oud with Sherif Muheddin Haydar and Violin with Sando Albu .
4	A higher stock price means a greater amount of money can be raised .	An at-the-market ( ATM ) offering is a type of follow-on offering of stock utilized by publicly traded companies in order to raise capital over time .	In an ATM offering , exchange-listed companies incrementally sell newly issued shares into the secondary trading market through a designated broker-dealer at prevailing market prices .	The broker-dealer sells the issuing company 's shares in the open market and receives cash proceeds from the transaction .	The broker-dealer then delivers the proceeds to the issuing company where the cash can be used for a variety of purposes .
3	In 49 completed seasons , the team has won the Stanley Cup as NHL champions twice and has qualified for the playoffs thirty-eight times .	The Philadelphia Flyers are an American ice hockey team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	They compete in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) Eastern Conference 's Metropolitan Division .	Since their inaugural season in 1967 , the team has played its home games on Broad Street in South Philadelphia , first at the Spectrum from 1967 to 1996 and currently at the Wells Fargo Center since 1996 .	They have played more than 400 playoff games , winning 219 .
2	Her testimony is one of the best accounts of the beliefs and stories of the Aboriginal people of north-west New South Wales at that time .	Catherine Eliza Somerville Stow ( 1 May 1856 – 27 March 1940 ) , who wrote as K. Langloh Parker , was a South Australian born writer who lived in northern New South Wales in the late nineteenth century .	She is best known for recording the stories of the Gamilaraay Aboriginal people around her .	However , her accounts reflect European attitudes of the time .	Their value is illustrated by her recording of an account of Baiame dating from around 1830 , which is the earliest known reference to Baiame .
1	While there is no well-agreed-upon date used to indicate the start of winter in the Northern Hemisphere , there are two definitions of winter which may be used .	The 2014 – 15 North American winter refers to winter as it occurred across the continent from late 2014 through early 2015 .	Based on the astronomical definition , winter begins at the winter solstice , which in 2014 occurred on December 21 , and ends at the March equinox , which in 2015 occurred on March 20 .	Based on the meteorological definition , the first day of winter is December 1 and the last day February 28 .	< ref name = `` NOAA / NWS-Seasons `` > < / ref > Both definitions involve a period of approximately three months , with some variability .
3	He was inducted in the International Motorsports Hall of Fame in 1994 .	John Marcum ( 1913 – 1981 ) was the co-founder of ARCA and a NASCAR official from Toledo , Ohio , United States .	He raced in the 1930s and 1940s .	He owned cars entered in two NASCAR Grand National ( now Sprint Cup ) races with one Top 10 finish .	Marcum would be inducted into the Dayton Speedway Hall of Fame October , 2010 .
4	The anthology pair itself won the 2010 World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology .	American Fantastic Tales is a set of two reprint horror anthologies , released as `` American Fantastic Tales : Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps `` and `` American Fantastic Tales : Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940s to Now `` .	Both anthologies were edited by Peter Straub .	They were published by Library of America in 2009 .	The anthologies contain horror stories by American authors from the 18th century to modern times , split at 1940 .
1	The program focuses on criminals who were captured on camera in the act of the crime .	Video Justice is a reality television primetime program ( also known as a documentary ) produced by John Langley airing on the television cable station truTV , and is part of network 's truTV RED lineup .	The crimes are often `` life or death `` situations that may involve one of the two parties , either law enforcement or the criminals , being killed or seriously injured .	It often displays pictures of the suspect in most of its footage , and tells you the name of that suspect who of which committed that crime and describes their punishment .	The primetime show runs for 30 minutes .
3	During World War I much war-related activity took place in County Wexford , especially in Wexford 's coastal waters .	County Wexford ( ) is a county located in the south-east of Ireland .	The period 1916 – 1923 was one of the most turbulent in the county 's history .	In 1914 Ireland was still part of the United Kingdom .	A number of men enlisted in the British Army from Co .
3	Dudley played in the World Hockey Association and in the National Hockey League .	Richard Clarence Dudley ( born January 31 , 1949 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey executive , former coach and former player .	Dudley is currently an assistant general manager for the Montreal Canadiens .	Dudley was previously the general manager of several hockey teams .	Dudley has also served as a head coach in the National Hockey League .
4	Each subsidiary is a separate legal entity owned by the primary business or by another subsidiary in the hierarchy .	A division of a business , sometimes called a business sector , is one of the parts into which a business , organization or company is divided .	The divisions are distinct parts of that business .	If these divisions are all part of the same company , then that company is legally responsible for all of the obligations and debts of the divisions .	However , in a large organization , various parts of the business may be run by different subsidiaries , and a business division may include one or many subsidiaries .
1	In Poland it is grouped in the nalewka category of alcoholic beverages .	Krupnik ( Polish ) , Krupnik ( Belarusian ) or Krupnikas ( Lithuanian ) , is a traditional sweet alcoholic drink similar to a liqueur , based on grain spirit ( usually vodka ) and honey , popular in Poland and Lithuania .	Mass-produced versions of krupnik consist of 40 – 50 % ( 80 – 100 proof ) alcohol , but traditional versions will use 80 – 100 % grain alcohol as the base .	Honey , in particular clover honey , is the main ingredient used to add sweetness , as well as up to 50 different herbs .	There are many versions and some recipes have been passed down through generations .
4	The project is funded in part by the National Endowment for the Humanities , the National Historical Publications and Records Commission , the Packard Humanities Institute , the Mount Vernon Ladies ' Association , the University of Virginia , the Florence Gould Foundation , and other private donors .	The Washington Papers , also known as The Papers of George Washington `` , `` is a project dedicated to the publication of comprehensive letterpress and digital editions of George and Martha Washington ’ s papers .	Founded at the University of Virginia in 1968 as the Papers of George Washington , the Washington Papers is an expansive project that includes the papers and documents of George Washington as well as of individuals close to him .	The Washington Papers aims to place Washington in a larger context and to bring individuals , such as Martha Washington and Washington family members , into sharper focus .	The project is currently headed by editor-in-chief and director Edward G. Lengel and is the largest collection of its type .
2	Division Street , several blocks north of downtown , marks the county line .	Watertown is a city in Dodge and Jefferson counties in the US state of Wisconsin .	Most of the city 's population is in Jefferson County .	The population of Watertown was 23,861 at the 2010 census .	Of this , 15,402 were in Jefferson County , and 8,459 were in Dodge County .
3	The lodge was originally used by Wyoming Boy Scouts as a recreational camp .	Hynds Lodge is a conference and accommodation lodge originally built by Cheyenne , Wyoming businessman Harry P. Hynds and donated to the Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) in 1922 .	It is open from May 1 to October 1 by reservation only .	It has accommodations for 30 people ( max occupancy of 90 ) , a large kitchen , dining room , living room , covered porch , stone fireplace and chimney , and of land .	Later it was used by churches , social groups , and businesses .
4	The history of the village dates back into the year 1600-1700 old .	Umalwad ( Marathi : उमळवाड ) is a small village having population 5035 as on 2011 census survey of govt of India .	It is situated 3 km from north side of Jaysingpur city .	This village is famous for Guava .	Every year on Mahashivratri Shree danling Maharaj yatra or festival is celebrated .
0	The red spurfowl ( `` Galloperdix spadicea `` ) is a member of the pheasant family and is endemic to India .	It is a bird of forests , and is quite secretive despite its size .	It has a distinctive call and is often hard to see except for a few seconds when it flushes from the undergrowth .	It appears reddish and like a long-tailed partridge .	The bare skin around the eye is reddish .
2	Tamil language was the language of the region , part of Tamilakam , at the time of Manipravalam 's genesis and use and its introduction caused a significant transition of Malayalam from Tamil in Kerala . ``	Manipravalam മണിപ ് രവാളം ( Macaronic ) was a literary style used in medieval liturgical texts in South India , which used an admixture of Tamil and Sanskrit .	Manipravalam is termed a mixture of Sanskrit and Tamil .	Mani-pravalam `` literally means `` ruby-coral `` , where `` Mani `` means ruby in Tamil while `` Pravalam `` means Coral in Sanskrit .	Malayalam is referred to as ruby and Sanskrit as coral .
0	Benjamin Klasmer was a professional violinist and composer notable for his contributions to the musical culture of 20th century Baltimore , Maryland .	Born in Horondenka , Austria in 1891 , Klasmer moved to the United States in 1909 after receiving considerable classical training as a violinist from several notable composers .	Settling first in New York City , where he played with the German Musical Comedy Theater , Klasmer moved to Richmond , VA , in 1913 to play in the Bijou Theater Orchestra there .	During his years in Richmond , he was the first conductor of the Young Men 's Hebrew Association Orchestra .	In 1916 he moved to Baltimore where he spent the remainder of his career .
2	As a writer , Tom has contributed to many current and past video game publications .	Tom W. Chick ( born August 14 , 1966 ) is an American television and movie actor , and independent journalist .	His most prominent TV roles were as Oscar 's boyfriend Gil in the US version of `` The Office `` , and the hard-hitting reporter Gordon in `` The West Wing `` .	He recently ended his role as editor-in-chief for the now closed Fidgit gaming blog to move on to other opportunities .	Tom actively maintains a gaming and movie blog on
1	The destroyer was built at Cockatoo Island Dockyard and entered service with the RAN in 1916 .	HMAS `` Torrens `` , named for the River Torrens , was a of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) .	The destroyer was first deployed to East Asia , then the Mediterranean , where she remained for the rest of World War I .	After returning to Australia , the destroyer was decommissioned , but saw use in several ports for reservist training before the decision to sell her for scrap was made .	After being stripped , the destroyer was towed outside Sydney Heads , used for gunnery practice , and scuttled .
3	VMI was a member of the SoCon from 1924 until 2003 .	The 2014 – 15 VMI Keydets basketball team represented the Virginia Military Institute in the 2014 – 15 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season .	The Keydets were led by tenth-year head coach Duggar Baucom and played their home games out of Cameron Hall , their home since 1981 .	VMI rejoined the Southern Conference after an eleven-year absence , having been a member of the Big South from 2003 to 2014 .	They finished the season 11 – 19 , 7 – 11 in SoCon play to finish in sixth place .
4	He started his coaching career with the University of Wisconsin , River Falls .	Francis Charles Polsfoot ( April 19 , 1927 – April 5 , 1985 ) was an American football tight end in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals and the Washington Redskins .	He later was an assistant coach with the Denver Broncos .	Polsfoot played college football at Washington State University and was drafted in the third round of the 1950 NFL Draft .	He caught 57 passes in the 1951 season for the Chicago Cardinals and was selected to the Pro Bowl .
1	It is based in the state capital of Montgomery .	The Alabama Education Association ( AEA ) is a statewide professional organization that represents public school employees in the state of Alabama .	The AEA is the largest education association in Alabama and is an advocate organization that leads the movement for excellence in education and is the voice of education professionals in Alabama .	AEA 's mission is to promote education excellence .	The AEA provides legal assistance , professional development opportunities , member benefits , and a strong voice for education in the Alabama Legislature .
3	It was also screened on various other occasions , mostly for educational purposes .	Agnes Martin : Between the Lines is a 2016 documentary film about the abstract painter Agnes Martin .	It is based on footage which director Leon d 'Avigdor took when they met in 2002 in Taos , New Mexico , Martin 's final place of residence .	The first version was a 15-minute film which was shown for three months several times daily during the stop of the large 2015 / 2017 retrospective of the artist , organized by Tate Modern , at Kunstsammlung NRW in Duesseldorf , Germany .	The feature-length documentary was published on DVD in February 2016 for the European and in April 2016 for the North-American market .
0	TheDr .	Fisk Holbrook Day House , also known as Sunnyhill Home , is a historic house at 8000 West Milwaukee Avenue in Wauwatosa , Wisconsin .	Built in 1874 , was the home of Doctor Fisk Holbrook Day ( 1826-1903 ) , a prominent local physician and an amateur geologist of national prominence .	The stylistically eclectic house was built in part to house Day 's large collection of artifacts , and is the Milwaukee suburb 's only major 19th-century mansion .	It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1997 .
1	, known in Japan as , is a video game for Game Boy Advance by Nintendo .	WarioWare : Twisted !	It is the third installment in the WarioWare series .	The game is a variety and puzzle genre .	It was released on October 14 , 2004 in Japan ; on May 19 , 2005 in Australia ; and on May 23 , 2005 in North America .
2	She plays for Türk Telekom Ankara .	Bahar Mert-Urcu ( born December 13 , 1975 in Kardzhali- Bulgaria ) is a Turkish volleyball player .	She is 180 cm and plays as setter .	She has been on the team since 2007 and wears the number 1 .	She is the team 's captain .
4	It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011 .	The E.C .	and M.I .	Record Homestead is a historic house at 8 Bean Road in Buckfield , Maine .	Built in 1843-44 , it is a well-preserved local example of a late transitional Federal-Greek Revival house .
4	As the name indicates , it was the first course built at the complex in 1968 .	Kenton County Golf Course offers a 54-hole facility .	It is located at 3908 Richardson Road , Independence , KY 41051 .	All three of the courses offer low handicappers , as well as the average golfer challenging and fun layouts .	The Pioneer is the shortest of the courses playing to a par 71 .
3	The Act followed the reforms carried out at county level under the Local Government Act 1888 .	The Local Government Act 1894 ( 56 & 57 Vict .	c .	73 ) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that reformed local government in England and Wales outside the County of London .	The 1894 legislation introduced elected councils at district and parish level .
4	Recently he has formed a partnership with Terrence Malick , serving as a second-unit director for `` The Tree of Life `` ( 2011 ) and Malick 's currently untitled sixth feature , as well as director of photography for `` Voyage of Time `` ( 2016 ) .	Paul Atkins is an American cinematographer specializing in natural history films .	Atkins is known for the footage of killer whales preying on seal pups in the BBC 's `` The Trials of Life `` ( 1990 ) , for which he won a British Academy of Film and Television Arts ( BAFTA ) award .	Atkins also was the director of photography for the Cape Horn unit for the feature film , which won an Academy Award for Cinematography by Russell Boyd , ASC .	Atkins has been nominated for an Emmy award numerous times , winning it for his work in `` Great White Shark `` ( 1995 ) ( Cinematography ) , and `` Hawaii : Strangers in Paradise `` ( 1991 ) ( Cinematography , Outstanding Cultural Programming ) .
3	As a result of the fire , the platform , which had been in service since 1984 , partially collapsed .	On 4 December 2015 , a deadly fire broke out in the northern part of platform No .	10 at the western section of the Gunashli oilfield operated by SOCAR .	The fire started , according to SOCAR , when a high-pressure subsea gas pipeline was damaged in a heavy storm .	Fire spread to several oil and gas wells .
3	On 13 May 2017 , Hartpury are promoted to the Championship from the 2017-18 season .	This is a list of player transfers involving RFU Championship teams leading up to the 2017 – 18 season .	The list is of deals that are confirmed and are either from or to a rugby union team in the Championship during the 2016 – 17 season .	On 7 December 2016 , London Welsh announced that it is going into voluntary liquidation due to an `` unsustainable `` financial situation .	On 24 May 2017 , London Irish are promoted into the Premiership , whilst Bristol are demoted back to the Championship for the 2017-18 season .
0	Cesar Torrente Legaspi ( April 2 , 1917 – April 7 , 1994 ) is a Filipino National Artist in painting .	He was also an art director prior to going full-time in his visual art practice in the 1960s .	His early ( 1940s-1960s ) works , alongside those of peer , Hernando Ocampo are described as depictions of anguish and dehumanization of beggars and laborers in the city .	These include `` Man and Woman `` ( alternatively known as `` Beggars `` ) and `` Gadgets ' .	Primarily because of this early period , critics have further cited Legaspi 's having `` reconstituted `` in his paintings `` cubism 's unfeeling , geometric ordering of figures into a social expressionism rendered by interacting forms filled with rhythmic movement `` .
1	In this position , Mr. Lucas is in charge of the permanent staff in at the United Nations in Vienna working on the international drug control treaties .	Jonathan Lucas was appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 22 March 2010 as the Secretary of the International Narcotics Control Board and Chief of the International Narcotics Control Board Secretariat .	The Board has had predecessors since the time of under the League of Nations , starting in 1909 in Shanghai with the International Opium Commission , the first international drug control conference .	The International Opium Convention of 1925 established the Permanent Central Board ( first known as the Permanent Central Opium Board and then as the Permanent Central Narcotics Board ) .	That Board started its work in 1929 .
3	Destination Kohler also owns various hospitality establishments in the United States and Scotland .	Kohler Co .	, founded in 1873 by John Michael Kohler , is an American manufacturing company based in Kohler , Wisconsin .	Kohler is best known for its plumbing products , but the company also manufactures furniture , cabinetry , tile , engines , and generators .	In February 2017 Kohler Co. acquired UK-based Clarke Energy , a multinational specialist in the engineering , construction , installation and maintenance of engine-based power plants and is an authorised distributor of GE ’ s reciprocating engines in 19 countries worldwide .
4	Belgium has minimal issues regarding corruption and was ranked 15 out of 167 countries surveyed in Transparency International ’ s 2015 Corruption Perceptions Index .	According to international observers , human rights in Belgium are generally respected and the law and the judiciary provided effective means of addressing individual instances of abuse .	However , some concerns have been reported over the treatment of asylum seekers as well as violations of human rights of officials of international organisations prison overcrowding and the banning of full face veils .	Capital punishment in Belgium is fully abolished and a prohibition on the death penalty included in the Belgian Constitution .	Belgium was a founding member of the European Union and the Council of Europe and a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights .
3	The museum also presents special programs and has a permanent digital touchscreen wall and a traveling wall .	The El Paso Museum of History is a museum located in downtown El Paso , Texas which presents information about past 400 years of history in the United States / Mexico border region .	The museum has over 16,000 feet of exhibition space .	Galleries in the museum feature traveling exhibitions as well as several permanent exhibitions .	The museum is run by the City of El Paso .
0	Pothuluri Veerabrahmam ( or Pothuluri Veerambotlayya or Veerappayacharyulu or Veerabrahmendra Swamy ) & Brahmamgaru was a well-known sage in Indian History .	He has been credited to be the `` future predictor ( fore-teller ) `` from 17th century .	He is the author of ' Kalagnanam ' with future predictions where most of the predictions came true and continuing to happen .	He named his texts of prophecies as ' Govinda Vakyas ' .	He has also written a book called `` Jeevaikya Bodha `` available at his matam .
1	The term is sometimes used more generally for art associated with related religions of West and Central Africa and of the African diaspora in Brazil , the Caribbean and the United States .	Vodun art is associated with the West African Vodun religion of Nigeria , Benin , Togo and Ghana .	Art forms include `` bocio `` , carved wooden statues that represent supernatural beings and may be activated through various ritual steps , and `` Asen `` , metal objects that attract spirits of the dead or other spirits and give them a temporary resting place .	Vodun is assimilative , and has absorbed concepts and images from other parts of Africa , India , Europe and the Americas .	Chromolithographs representing Indian deities have become identified with traditional Vodun deities and used as the basis for murals in Vodun temples .
1	.	Günther Vollmer ( 20 April 1902 – 20 April 1945 ) was a member of the Nazi Party and a German jurist and doctor of law ( Dr. iur . )	He was the attorney for Erich Koch , one of the leaders of the Nazi Party in East Prussia .	During the Third Reich , he worked for the Reich Ministry of Justice in several different positions as an attorney and legal advisor .	He was also Gauführer of the professional organization of Nazi jurists .
0	Ocean acidification is the ongoing decrease in the pH of the Earth 's oceans , caused by the uptake of carbon dioxide ( ) from the atmosphere .	Seawater is slightly basic ( meaning pH > 7 ) , and the process in question is a shift towards pH-neutral conditions rather than a transition to acidic conditions ( pH < 7 ) .	Ocean alkalinity is not changed by the process , or may increase over long time periods due to carbonate dissolution .	An estimated 30 – 40 % of the carbon dioxide from human activity released into the atmosphere dissolves into oceans , rivers and lakes .	To achieve chemical equilibrium , some of it reacts with the water to form carbonic acid .
2	The award was made biennially until 2007 , but from 2009 is now awarded every year because many deserving went unawarded .	The John Bates Clark Medal is awarded by the American Economic Association to `` that American economist under the age of forty who is adjudged to have made a significant contribution to economic thought and knowledge `` .	According to `` The Chronicle of Higher Education `` , it `` is widely regarded as one of the field ’ s most prestigious awards ... second only to the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences . ``	The committee cited economists such as Edward Glaeser and John A .	List in campaigning that the award should be annual .
2	The Society 's first president was Rose Fay Thomas , wife of Theodore Thomas , famed orchestral conductor and founder of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra .	The Anti-Cruelty Society is an animal welfare organization and animal shelter in the River North neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois .	It was founded on January 19 , 1899 by a group of Chicago residents who had concerns about the treatment of the city 's animals , from stray cats and dogs , to workhorses , to livestock .	The Anti-Cruelty Society exists to prevent cruelty to animals and to advance humane education .	Their mission is building a community of caring by helping pets and educating people .
3	His life has been the subject of many stories depicting his devotion to , and relationship with , Kali .	It is said that , Ramprasad was born into a Tantric family , and showed an inclination towards poetry from an early age .	He became a disciple of Krishnananda Agamavagisha , a Tantric scholar and yogi .	Ramprasad became well known for his devotional songs , eventually becoming the court poet of Raja Krishnachandra of Nadia .	Ramprasad 's literary works include `` Vidyasundar `` , `` Kali-kirtana `` , `` Krishna-kirtana `` and `` Shaktigiti `` .
3	Ko Khangkhao has white sandy beaches and corals around the island .	Ko Khangkhao ( or Ko Taikhangkhao ) is a small island at the south of Ko Sichang , Chonburi in Thailand .	The distance from Ko Sichang is around 500 metres .	You can travel to this island by boat from Ko Sichang or Ko Loi from Sri Racha .	The island has two beaches .
1	It covers an area of 7.63 km ( 2.95 sq mil ) and has a population of 436 in 185 households according to the 2011 census .	Beighton is a village and civil parish in the Broadland district of Norfolk , England , about two miles ( 3 km ) South-West of Acle about 12.8 miles ( 20.6 km ) to Norwich .	Today , Beighton incorporates the old parish of Moulton St Mary , and both parishes are mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 .	The All Saints church is situated within Beighton , along Church Hill .	The church was described in 1870 as :
2	Based in Nashville , McCoy has performed with musicians including Elvis Presley , Bob Dylan , Johnny Cash , Chet Atkins , Waylon Jennings and Loretta Lynn .	Charles Ray `` Charlie `` McCoy ( born March 28 , 1941 in Oak Hill , West Virginia ) is a Grammy-winning American session musician noted mainly for his harmonica performance , but also for his skill on a wide variety of instruments .	In 2009 he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame .	He has recorded thirty-seven studio albums , including fourteen for Monument Records .	Thirteen of his singles have entered the `` Billboard `` country charts .
3	When Picken controversially moved to the Swans in 1984 he was hit by a succession of injuries for the first time in his career .	Billy Picken ( born 7 June 1956 ) is a former Australian Australian rules footballer who played for the Collingwood Football Club and the Sydney Swans .	Picken arrived at Collingwood in 1974 from Macarthur as a forward but developed into one of the games finest centre-half backs .	Despite playing in four losing Grand Finals Picken maintained his reputation as a finals performer & was recognised for his fine contributions when named in the Collingwood Team of the century .	He later returned to Victoria Park to captain-coach the reserves .
0	The Adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom is a novel by Tobias Smollett first published in 1753 .	It was Smollett 's third novel and met with less success than his two previous more picaresque tales .	The central character is a villainous dandy who cheats , swindles and philanders his way across Europe and England with little concern for the law or the welfare of others .	The son of an equally disreputable mother , Smollett himself comments that `` Fathom justifies the proverb , ' What 's bred in the bone will never come out of the flesh `` .	Sir Walter Scott commented that the novel paints a `` complete picture of human depravity ``
3	She was named on 20 September 2013 , was rolled out of the shipyard construction hall on 16 May 2014 , and was due to start sea trials in early 2015 . ``	HMS `` Artful `` is the third nuclear-powered fleet submarine of the British Royal Navy .	She is the second submarine of the Royal Navy to bear this name . ``	Artful `` was ordered from GEC 's Marconi Marine ( now BAE Systems Submarine Solutions ) on 17 March 1997 , and was constructed at Barrow in Furness .	Artful `` made her first successful basin dive in October 2014 , and sailed on 13 August 2015 for sea trials . ``
4	The film was directed by Richard Fleischer , Toshio Masuda and Kinji Fukasaku and stars an ensemble cast , including Martin Balsam , Joseph Cotten , Sō Yamamura , E. G. Marshall , James Whitmore and Jason Robards .	Tora !	Tora !	Tora !	( ) is a 1970 Japanese-American historical war film that dramatizes the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
2	Between about 20,000 and 5,000 years ago , Santa Rosae lost about 70 % of its land mass to post-glacial rising sea level , leaving behind a vast submerged landscape currently being explored by scientists .	Santa Rosae , or Santarosae , before the end of the last ice age , was an ancient landmass off the coast of present-day southern California , near Santa Barbara County and Ventura County , of which the northern Channel Islands of California are remnants .	At its largest , Santa Rosae was roughly 3-4 times bigger than the northern Channel Islands of today , nearly 125 km ( 77.67 miles ) long from east to west .	This island was about 5 miles offshore .	It broke up between about 11,000 and 9,000 years ago , and the present northern Channel Islands took their shape after the continental ice sheets melted and sea levels rose by about 100 meters .
3	The barracks was a -story brick building similar in design to the other buildings .	The Marine Reservation Historic District is in the northwestern area of the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard , just west of the Hospital Reservation Historic District .	Beginning in 1911 it reached its maximum development , prior to World War II .	The district included four standing buildings and a barracks , which has been demolished .	All of the buildings face the Marine parade ground , which is used as a playfield .
0	The Panzerlehrbrigade 9 ( 9th Armoured Demonstration Brigade ) is a formation of about 5,000 men strong within the German Armed Forces or Bundeswehr , which is subordinated to the 1st Armoured Division in Hanover .	The bulk of the brigade is stationed in Munster .	Two battalions are based in Neustadt am Rübenberge .	The brigade has become the `` showcase of the German Army `` as a result of its German Army Combat Vehicle and Aircraft Demonstration Exercises ( `` Informationslehrübung Gefechts- und Luftfahrzeuge des Deutschen Heeres `` ) which it has conducted for decades .	These exercises demonstrate the capability of the Army 's fighting vehicles and aircraft and how they operate jointly in various scenarios .
4	Because of this tradition , Botswana claims to be one of the world 's oldest democracies .	A kgotla is a public meeting , community council or traditional law court of a Botswana village .	It is usually headed by the village chief or headman , and community decisions are always arrived at by consensus .	Anyone at all is allowed to speak , and no one may interrupt while someone is `` having their say `` .	In fact there is a Setswana saying that the highest form of war is dialogue ( `` ntwa kgolo ke ya molomo `` ) .
4	The stadium is named after a leading brand of beer brewed by Grupo Modelo .	Estadio Victoria is sports stadium in the Mexican city of Aguascalientes , Aguascalientes .	The stadium opened in 2003 and has a capacity of 23,851 seats .	Although the stadium is capable of multi-use , its main use is for soccer games .	It is the home-stadium of the Necaxa football club which had previously played in Mexico City ( at the Estadio Azteca ) before relocating to Aguascalientes and Estadio Victoria .
4	The dam 's construction was authorized in 1936 and the flood of 1938 demonstrated its necessity .	Prado Dam is an earth-fill dam across the Santa Ana River at the Chino Hills near Corona , California in Riverside County with the resulting impounded water creating Prado Flood Control Basin reservoir .	The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers built the dam in Lower Santa Ana River Canyon .	Its primary purpose is flood control and it is the downstream element of the Santa Ana River 's flood control system , which is a natural constriction about upstream from the ocean .	The area upstream from the dam contains of the watershed 's .
1	As of the 2010 census , it had a population of 856 .	Cannonsburg is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Boyd County , Kentucky , United States .	Cannonsburg is located southwest of the city of Ashland , a major urban center in northeastern Kentucky .	Most of Cannonsburg shares its ZIP code with Ashland ; however , parts are within the Catlettsburg ZIP code .	The Cannonsburg post office closed in 1929 .
2	Yem is named for the Yem , or Janjero , people whose homeland lies in this special woreda ( see Kingdom of Janjero ) .	Yem is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region ( SNNPR ) of Ethiopia .	Because Yem is not part of any Zone in the SNNPR , it is considered a Special woreda , an administrative subdivision which is similar to an autonomous area .	Yem is bordered on the west and north by the Oromia Region , and separated from Gurage on the northeast and Hadiya on the east by the Omo River .	High points in Yem include Mount Bor Ama , Mount Azulu and Mount Toba .
0	Star Wars Insider is the official `` Star Wars `` magazine .	Its contents include stories , articles relating to the `` Star Wars `` universe , letters , and the fan newsletter `` Bantha Tracks `` .	It began in 1987 as the official magazine of `` The Lucasfilm Fan Club `` .	In 1994 the Lucasfilm Fan Club Magazine was rebranded the `` Star Wars Insider `` to coincide with the release of the `` `` videogame from LucasArts .	In March 2008 , `` Star Wars Insider `` reached one hundred issues .
0	Betsy May Randle ( born June 24 , 1955 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American actress best known for her role as Amy Matthews on `` Boy Meets World `` which lasted seven seasons .	She grew up in the suburb of Glenview .	She is a graduate of New Trier High School and the University of Kansas .	She is married to film editor John Randle and they have two children , Aaron , who is married and has a child born in 2013 , and Jessica .	Randle and her family reside in Ojai , California .
3	Originally , it was simply known as the Texas Heavyweight Championship until its name was changed after the formation of the National Wrestling Alliance in 1948 .	The NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling title that has existed since the 1930s .	Though its exact date of creation isn 't known , it is among the oldest championships used in professional wrestling today .	The title has used a variety of different names over the years , which consists of initial changes to represent the various companies that have controlled the title at different times .	For most of the title 's existence , at least until the early 1990s , it was defended almost exclusively within the Dallas , Ft .
2	The race came to a close with a mass-start road stage that stretched from Clusone to Milan .	The 2004 Giro d 'Italia was the 87th edition of the Giro d 'Italia , one of cycling 's Grand Tours .	The Giro began in Genoa with a prologue .	Nineteen teams entered the race that was won by the Italian Damiano Cunego of the team .	Second and third were the Ukrainian Serhiy Honchar and Italian Gilberto Simoni .
3	She was seen by Fanny Brice who promoted her , and Vélez soon entered films , making her first appearance in 1927 .	This is a complete filmography of Mexican film actress Lupe Vélez .	Vélez began her career in 1927 , when she abandoned her native Mexico to start a career as an exotic beauty in the 1920s Hollywood .	Vélez began her career in Mexico as a dancer , before moving to the U.S. where she worked in vaudeville .	Vélez 's first feature-length film was `` The Gaucho `` ( 1927 ) starring Douglas Fairbanks .
2	Today the park is home to playgrounds , sports fields , a skating rink and Dillon Stadium .	Colt Park is a city park in the southeast Hartford , Connecticut neighborhood of Sheldon / Charter Oak .	The park was established from the former Armsmear Estate of Samuel Colt and Elizabeth Jarvis Colt which was gifted to the city upon her death in 1905 .	Colt Park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 8 , 1976 , designated as part of the Colt Industrial District , valued for its association with industrialist Samuel Colt .	It is bounded by Wawarme , Wethersfield , Hendricsen , Van Dyke Avenues and Stonington , Maseek and Sequassen Streets .
0	A cloned enzyme donor immunoassay ( CEDIA ) is a competitive homogenous enzyme immunoassay .	This assay makes use of two component fragments of an enzyme which are each individually inactive .	Under the right conditions in solution these fragments can spontaneously reassemble to form the active enzyme .	For use in biochemical assays one of the enzyme fragments is attached to an analyte of interest .	The analyte-enzyme-fragment-conjugate is still able to reassemble with the other enzyme fragment to form an active enzyme .
2	It is popular to sing on long trips , as it has a very repetitive format which is easy to memorize , and can take a long time to sing .	`` Found a Peanut `` is a traditional song , often considered a children 's song , in the United Kingdom , the United States , Australia , Canada and Israel .	In Israel it is titled `` I Swallowed a Peanut `` ( Balati Boten ; בלעתי בוטן ) .	It is sung to the tune of `` Oh My Darling , Clementine `` .	It may often be sung around a camp fire .
2	He was subsequently traded to the Seattle SuperSonics ( now known as the Oklahoma City Thunder ) .	Jeffrey Lynn Green ( born August 28 , 1986 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .	He played three seasons of college basketball for Georgetown , before entering the 2007 NBA draft , where he was selected fifth overall by the Boston Celtics .	He spent four seasons with the franchise before being traded back to the Celtics during the 2010 – 11 season , where he played until 2015 before being traded to the Memphis Grizzlies .	In 2016 , he was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers .
2	His favoured position is centre .	Joe Ansbro ( Born Glasgow , 29 October 1985 ) is a former Scottish international professional rugby union player .	He is the first player of African origin to represent Scotland at test level in history .	He most recently played for London Irish .	After gaining 11 full international caps his rugby career ended due to serious neck injury at the age of 26 .
4	Delgado served two full terms as mayor , leaving office in 2006 .	Larry Delgado ( born 1936 ) was elected mayor of Santa Fe , New Mexico after serving two terms on the Santa Fe City Council from 1990 to 1998 .	He was elected mayor of Santa Fe in 1998 after defeating mayor Debbie Jaramillo and former mayor Sam Pick .	In that election , he was viewed as taking a centrist position between Jaramillo 's anti-development policies and Pick 's pro-development policies .	He received 44 % of the vote , ahead of Pick 's 32 % and Jaramillo 's 11 % .
3	There were 300 leves in a legion , and unlike other infantry types they did not form their own units , but were assigned to units of `` hastati `` — heavier sword-armed troops .	Leves ( Singular : `` Levis `` ) were javelin-armed skirmishers in the army of the early Roman republic .	They were typically some of the youngest and poorest men in the legion , and could not afford much equipment .	They were usually outfitted with just a number of light javelins and no other equipment .	Their primary purpose on the battlefield was to harass the enemy with javelin fire and support the heavy infantry who fought in hand-to-hand combat . ``
0	Vitiaziella cubiceps is a species of flabby whalefish known from the Kuril-Kamchatka Trench and the South China Sea at depths of from ; it is considered as rare species .	The habitat of this fish is oceanic depth of 1,5-4,5 km .	It is the only known member of its genus .	This fish is named in honour of Soviet oceanographic ship „ Vitiaz ” ( another species named after this ship are `` Gonostoma vitiazi `` Rass , 1950 ; `` Lycenchelys vitiazi `` Andriashev , 1955 ; `` Pelagocyclus vitiazi `` Lindberg et Legesa , 1955 ; `` Cypselurus vitjazi `` Parin , 1958 ; `` Diaphus vitiazi `` Kulikova , 1961 ; `` Benthodesmus vitiazi `` Parin et Becker , 1970 ; `` Monomeropus vitiazi `` Nielsen , 1971 ; `` Eustomias vitiazi `` Parin et Pokhilskaya 1974 ; `` Melanostigma vitiazi `` Parin , 1980 ) .	Type specimen had been caught first in 1949 by Soviet expedition near Kuril Islands .
3	Additionally , she has won over 100 awards as a recording artist .	American recording artist Brandy Norwood entered the music business as a backing vocalist for R & B boy bands such as Immature , prior to launching her own career in 1994 .	Her discography , as a solo artist , includes six studio albums , one compilation album , one extended play , twenty-seven singles , twenty-eight album appearances and eighteen soundtrack appearances .	Norwood has sold over 8.62 million albums in the United States , and more than 30 million records worldwide .	In 1999 , `` Billboard `` ranked Norwood among the top twenty of the Top Pop Artists of the 1990s .
2	His tours of the Eastern Front spanned October and November 1942 , February to June 1943 , and October 1943 to March 1944 .	Mato Dukovac ( 23 October 1918 – September 1990 ) was the leading Croatian fighter ace of World War II , credited with between 40 and 44 confirmed kills .	He joined the Air Force of the Independent State of Croatia following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 , and then the `` Luftwaffe `` , with which he flew combat missions on the Eastern Front .	He defected to the Soviet Union on 20 September 1944 , and was returned to Yugoslavia in November 1944 .	He worked as a flight instructor for the Yugoslav Air Force in Pančevo and Zadar before defecting to Italy in April 1945 .
0	The Central Stadium is the main football arena of the city and for FC Aktobe .	It was constructed in 1975 .	On the opening day on August 28 , 1975 , Aktyubinets played against CSKA Moscow .	Match ended with score 1 : 0 in favor of visiting team .	Kopeykin scored the goal .
2	Sydney Pollack ’ s `` The Interpreter `` and Javier Marias ’ `` A Heart So White `` are amongst the most well known examples .	This is a list of language interpreters in fiction .	Conference interpretation is often depicted in works of fiction , be it in films or in novels .	Several books , symposia or websites tackle the issue at hand .	Below is a list of works of fiction in which interpreters appear .
0	Turweston is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England .	The village is beside the River Great Ouse , which bounds the parish to the north , west and south .	Turweston is the most northwesterly parish in Buckinghamshire : the Ouse here forms the county boundary with Northamptonshire to the north and west and Oxfordshire to the south .	Across the river the Northamptonshire market town of Brackley is just west of Turweston , with the town centre about west of the village .	The parish has an area of and the 2011 Census recorded a parish population of 211 people .
3	In June 1991 , SAISD officials announced plans for a rent increase on the Riders for the 1992 season .	The San Antonio Riders were a professional American football team that played in the WLAF in 1991 and 1992 .	The team played at Alamo Stadium in San Antonio in 1991 and then were forced to move to Bobcat Stadium on the campus of Southwest Texas State University ( now Texas State University ) in San Marcos , Texas , 45 miles northeast of San Antonio , for the 1992 season after the San Antonio Independent School District refused to allow the sale of beer at WLAF games or the display of beer advertising at Alamo Stadium .	In return , Riders ownership scrapped plans to fund $ 235,000 in renovations to the Stadium .	The relationship would last for only one season .
1	Goodwill represents assets that are not separately identifiable .	Goodwill in accounting is an intangible asset that arises when a buyer acquires an existing business .	Goodwill does not include identifiable assets that are capable of being separated or divided from the entity and sold , transferred , licensed , rented , or exchanged , either individually or together with a related contract , identifiable asset , or liability regardless of whether the entity intends to do so .	Goodwill also does not include contractual or other legal rights regardless of whether those are transferable or separable from the entity or other rights and obligations .	Examples of identifiable assets that are not goodwill include a company ’ s brand name , customer relationships , artistic intangible assets , and any patents or proprietary technology .
4	Between 2006 and 2009 the team ran under the name of Fisichella Motor Sport , with support from Formula One driver Giancarlo Fisichella and his manager Enrico Zanarini .	Coloni Motorsport , also known as Scuderia Coloni , is an auto racing team from Italy .	Formed by Enzo Coloni in 1982 , the team participated in Formula Three between 1983 and 1986 , before racing in Formula One as Enzo Coloni Racing Car Systems between and .	They made 82 attempts to take part in a Formula One race but only qualified 14 times .	Since then , under the management of Enzo Coloni 's son Paolo , the team has been successful in Formula Three , Formula 3000 and GP2 Series .
1	With the revival of the recorder by Arnold Dolmetsch , who chose Baroque music and the corresponding recorder types as a fixed point , consideration was given to the design of recorder types larger than the bass recorder .	The great bass recorder is a member of the recorder family .	The great bass recorder has up to seven keys , which serve to facilitate access to the finger holes .	For modern large bass recorders woods like maple or African Bubinga are used .	The term usually applies to an instrument with range is c – d2 ( g2 ) , but has also been used to describe an instrument descending to B or else to the low bass recorder in F , alternatively known as a contrabass .
0	Founded in 1971 as the Mississippi Foundation For Medical Care ( MFMC ) , the Information & Quality Healthcare ( IQH ) is an independent , Mississippi , not-for-profit corporation .	It was established by the House of Delegates at the 103rd Annual Session of the Mississippi State Medical Association .	with an incorporation date of July 6 , 1971 .	A grant from the National Center for Health Services Research and Development in 1971 allowed development of a physician-sponsored system for evaluating the quality of medical care .	The primary goal was to improve the quality of medical care in the state and produce long lasting and tangible results .
1	At completion in 1973 , it surpassed the World Trade Center towers in New York to become the tallest building in the world , a title it held for nearly 25 years and remained the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere until 2014 and the completion of a new building at the World Trade Center site .	The Willis Tower , built as and still commonly referred to as Sears Tower , is a 108-story , skyscraper in Chicago , Illinois , United States .	The building is considered a seminal achievement for its architect Fazlur Rahman Khan .	The Willis Tower is the second-tallest building in the United States and the 16th-tallest in the world .	More than one million people visit its observation deck each year , making it one of Chicago 's most popular tourist destinations .
2	The Democrats lost twenty-eight seats to the Republican Party in the House of Representatives .	The 1950 United States elections were held on November 7 , 1950 , and elected the members of the 82nd United States Congress .	The election took place during the Korean War , during Democratic President Harry S. Truman 's second ( only full ) term .	The Democrats also lost five seats in the U.S. Senate to the Republicans .	Congressman Vito Marcantonio 's defeat left third parties without representation in Congress for the first time since 1908 .
2	Singer captured the World Lightweight Championship in July , 1930 , with a first round knockout ( 1 : 46 ) of champion Sammy Mandell .	Al `` The Bronx Beauty `` Singer ( September 6 , 1909 in New York , NY – April 20 , 1961 ) was an American boxer .	He was born in the Lower East Side in New York City .	He surrendered the title four months later to Tony Canzoneri in a first round KO .	Three years earlier , Singer and Canzoneri had battled to a 10-round draw .
1	Crime in the city increased from the 1960s through the early 1990s as measured by the index crime rate , followed by a decline in crime rates through 2014 .	Crime in St. Louis includes an overview of crime both in the city of St. Louis and in the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area .	Despite decreasing crime , rates of violent crime and property crime in both the city and the metropolitan area remain higher than the national metropolitan area average .	In addition , the city of St. Louis consistently has been ranked among the most dangerous cities in the United States .	As of April 2017 , St. Louis has the highest murder rate in America .
1	The design was considered advanced for its time , and it was the first class of vessels for the Norwegian Navy that used aluminium in the construction of the bridge , the mast and the outer funnel .	The `` Sleipner `` class was a class of six destroyers built for the Royal Norwegian Navy from 1936 until the German invasion in 1940 .	Extra strength special steel was used in the construction of the hull .	Unlike the earlier the `` Sleipner `` class had comparatively good capabilities in both main guns , anti-aircraft artillery and anti-submarine weapons .	The class was named after Sleipnir , the eight-legged horse of Odin .
2	The band name was initially proposed by Bonnie Bramlett .	Average White Band ( also AWB ) are a Scottish funk and R & B band that had a series of soul and disco hits between 1974 and 1980 .	They are best known for their million-selling instrumental track `` Pick Up the Pieces `` , and their albums `` AWB `` and `` Cut the Cake `` .	They have influenced others such as the Brand New Heavies , and been sampled by various musicians including the Beastie Boys , TLC , The Beatnuts , Too Short , Ice Cube , Eric B .	& Rakim , Nas , and A Tribe Called Quest , as well as Arrested Development – making them the 15th most sampled act in history .
0	David Andrew Berg ( born March 28 , 1993 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago Cubs organization .	He attended the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , where he played college baseball for the UCLA Bruins baseball team .	He was named an All-American and Pac-12 Conference Baseball Pitcher of the Year in 2013 .	He set a National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) record for saves in a single season with 24 .	The Texas Rangers selected Berg in the 17th round of the 2014 Major League Baseball Draft .
4	The script is in the eastern variety of the Gupta script and the language is Sanskrit prose .	The Umachal rock inscription is the earliest epigraphic source discovered in Assam .	Dated to the 5th century , the rock description was discovered in the north-eastern slopes of the Nilachal Hills ( called Umachal ) , near Guwahati city .	The artifact is dated primarily on the basis of the identification of the named Surendra Varman with Mahendra Varman ( fl .	c470-494 ) of the Varman dynasty .
4	The village school is around 200 m in the other direction .	The Old Rectory , Llanbedr is located two miles north-east of the market town of Ruthin , Denbighshire , around 400 m north of the quiet village of Llanbedr and is a late 17th-century property , of a type rare in the county .	It was listed as Grade II * on 19 July 1966 ( Cadw Building ID : 1352 ) .	The front has five bays and is a double pile of mellow red brick , with a hipped roof .	It is set back down a quiet and private country lane .
2	The novel is the first horror story based in the Star Wars Universe since the `` Galaxy of Fear `` series , released in the late 1990s .	Death Troopers is a Star Wars novel written by Joe Schreiber .	Schreiber 's idea was to create a horror story in the Star Wars universe that pulled from horror movies he enjoyed such as `` The Shining `` and `` Alien `` .	Released on October 13 , 2009 , Death Troopers is set just before the events shown in `` A New Hope `` .	It was heavily featured in the MMORPG Star Wars Galaxies with SOE confirming a full page of information and advertisements of the game in the book .
0	Yellowstone is a BBC nature documentary series broadcast from 15 March 2009 .	Narrated by Peter Firth , the series takes a look at a year in the life of Yellowstone National Park , examining how its wildlife adapts to living in one of the harshest wildernesses on Earth .	Yellowstone debuted on BBC Two at 8 : 00pm on Sunday 15 March 2009 and has three episodes .	Each 50-minute episode was followed by a ten-minute film called `` Yellowstone People `` , featuring visitors to the Park and locals who had assisted the production team .	The series was the channel 's highest-rated natural history documentary in over five years with audiences peaking at over four million .
0	Samia ( ) , translated as `` The Girl From Samos `` , or `` The Marriage Connection `` , is an ancient Greek comedy by Menander , it is the second most extant play with up to 116 lines missing compared to `` Dyskolos `` ’ s 39 .	The date of its first performance is unknown , with 315 B.C .	and 309 B.C .	being two suggested dates .	The surviving text of `` Samia `` comes from the Cairo Codex found in 1907 and the Bodmer Papyri from 1952 .
2	His father took him to the United States when young ; and there , after working at a tobacco factory , he began making the newly popularised cigarettes by hand .	Bernhard Baron ( 1850 – 1929 ) was a tobacco manufacturer and philanthropist .	He was born at Brest-Litovsk ( modern Belarus ) , in poor circumstances , to Jewish parents , and brought up among the Don Cossacks at Rostov .	He invented a cigarette-making machine which he brought back to England and sold for £ 160,000 .	With this money he bought the tobacco business of Mme .
4	Jean Dausset died on June 6 , 2009 in Majorca , Spain , at the age of 92 .	Jean-Baptiste-Gabriel-Joachim Dausset ( 19 October 1916 – 6 June 2009 ) was a French immunologist born in Toulouse , France .	Dausset received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1980 along with Baruj Benacerraf and George Davis Snell for their discovery and characterisation of the genes making the major histocompatibility complex .	Using the money from his Nobel Prize and a grant from the French Television , Dausset founded the Human Polymorphism Study Center ( CEPH ) in 1984 , which was later renamed the Foundation Jean Dausset-CEPH in his honour .	He married Rose Mayoral in 1963 , with whom he had two children , Henri and Irène .
3	The National Police Commissioner has published that the squad will be fully manned at 55 police officers by 2010 .	Víkingasveitin ( , `` The Viking Squad `` ) , officially Sérsveit ríkislögreglustjórans ( `` Special Unit of the National Police Commissioner `` ) , is Iceland 's elite counter-terrorism unit , specializing in various types of armed and unarmed infantry combat .	It is in many ways modeled on the Norwegian Emergency Response Unit counter-terrorist unit with which it conducts many exercises , both in Norway and Iceland .	The Viking squad has about 50 police officers .	Iceland has no standing regular military , thus some functions performed by military forces in other nations may be performed in Iceland by units such as Víkingasveitin .
1	It is one part of the Breeders Crown annual series of twelve races for both Standardbred pacers and trotters .	The Breeders 2YO Colt & Gelding Pace is a harness racing event for two-year-old Standardbred male pacers .	First run in 1985 , it is contested over a distance of one mile .	Race organizers have awarded the event to various racetracks across North America .	The 2017 race will be held at Hoosier Park in Anderson , Indiana , United States .
3	He reached his peak as a six-year-old in 1985 when he won the John Porter Stakes , Hardwicke Stakes and Prix du Conseil de Paris .	Jupiter Island ( 23 February 1979 – 25 July 1998 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire .	He won fourteen of his forty-one races in a six-year racing career which lasted from 1981 until 1986 .	He showed useful but unexceptional form until the late summer of 1983 when he won the Ebor Handicap and followed up with a win in the St. Simon Stakes .	His final season was disrupted by injury problems , but he ended his career with his biggest success when he became the first British-trained horse to win the Japan Cup .
2	He has been Deputy Director for Management at the cabinet level Office of the Director of National Intelligence ; he returned to the Department of State on May 7 , 2007 .	Patrick Francis Kennedy ( born June 22 , 1949 ) is a former career Foreign Service Officer who served as the U.S. State Department 's Under Secretary of State for Management .	He was Director of the Office of Management Policy , Rightsizing and Innovation .	Kennedy was U.S .	Ambassador to the United Nations for Management and Reform and previously served as Chief of Staff for the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq .
0	The 1990 – 91 NCAA football bowl games featured 19 games , starting early in December 1990 and ending on New Year 's Day 1991 .	They followed the 1990 regular season and ended in controversy .	Going into the postseason , Colorado had a 10-1-1 record and was ranked # 1 in both Coaches ' and AP polls .	After a relatively unimpressive ( and controversial ) 10-9 victory over # 5 Notre Dame in the Orange Bowl and an impressive victory by the undefeated ( 10-0-1 ) # 2 Georgia Tech in the , the Buffaloes lost their # 1 ranking to the Yellow Jackets in the Coaches ' Poll , creating a split championship .	This controversial ending , along with the dual undefeated champions of the following year , led to the creation of the Bowl Coalition .
2	He was noted for racing the first production ‘ Moulton ’ cycles and was televised by ITN in 1962 , racing a Moulton Special .	John Ronald Tovey was a British cyclist from the South West UK .	He raced for Bath Cycling Club in the early 1960s and also Gordano Valley CC .	He took part in the original Cardiff to London 162 mile Time trials and , with others , broke the speed record for that event with the fastest time being achieved by John Woodburn of Reading ( 6hrs and 44 minutes ) .	Tovey worked for Alex Moulton in the early 60s and was part of the `` Moulton eight `` .
3	The blood can also be drawn from an arterial catheter .	An arterial blood gas ( ABG ) test is a blood gas test of blood from an artery ; it is thus a blood test that measures the amounts of certain gases ( such as oxygen and carbon dioxide ) dissolved in arterial blood .	An ABG test involves puncturing an artery with a thin needle and syringe and drawing a small volume of blood .	The most common puncture site is the radial artery at the wrist , but sometimes the femoral artery in the groin or other sites are used .	An ABG test measures the blood gas tension values of arterial oxygen tension ( Pa ) , arterial carbon dioxide tension ( Pa ) , and acidity ( pH ) .
0	The Waipa River is in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand .	The headwaters are in the Rangitoto Range east of Te Kuiti .	It flows north for , passing through Otorohanga and Pirongia , before flowing into the Waikato River at Ngaruawahia .	It is the Waikato 's largest tributary .	The Waipa 's main tributary is the Puniu River .
3	VCASU 's student newspaper was called Spark .	The Victorian College of the Arts Student Union ( VCASU ) was the student union of the former Victorian College of the Arts ( VCA ) , now known as the Faculty of VCA and Music ( VCAM ) in Melbourne , Australia .	It was a separately incorporated organisation which represented the VCA student body .	It had a strong history of creative student activism and successful political campaigns .	VCASU officially went into voluntary liquidation on 15 May 2009 and shut down operations by 30 June 2009 .
2	The film deals with the events of the Affiche Rouge ( `` red poster `` ) affair .	The Army of Crime ( ) is a 2009 French drama-war film directed by Robert Guédiguian and based on a story by Serge Le Péron , one of three credited for the screenplay .	It received a wide release in France on 16 September 2009 and opened in the United States in 2010 .	The title was taken from the caption on a propaganda poster , in which the Nazis sought to present prominent French Resistance fighters as foreign criminals ; the caption read `` Liberators ?	Liberation by the army of crime `` .
3	Migrants from the Eastern Apoi clan established the Western Apoi clan in Ondo State hundreds of years ago .	The Eastern Apoi tribe of the Ijaw people is located in central Bayelsa State , Nigeria .	The Eastern Apoi tribe is small and geographically isolated .	Apoi settlements include : Keme-ebiama , Kolokologbene , Ogboinbiri , Sampou , Gbaran , Kassama , and Azama .	Also , the Arogbo tribe traces its origins to a migration from the Apoi town of Gbaran .
4	It took several turns before joining what is now the Kenilworth Access near the old water reservoir entrance .	Ottawa street is a Lower City arterial road in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .	It starts off at `` Lawrence Road `` at the base of the Niagara Escarpment ( mountain ) and is a two-way street throughout , cutting through the `` Delta `` and `` Crown Point `` neighbourhoods and the City 's `` North End `` industrial neighbourhood .	It ends at `` Industrial Drive `` , the site of the Dofasco steel company .	This used to be one of the east ends ' mountain access roads - it continued south over the train tracks at Lawrence Road and quickly turned right towards the brick manufacturing plant once known as Hamilton Brick .
4	The GP7 was the first EMD road locomotive to use a hood unit design instead of a car-body design .	The EMD GP7 is a four-axle ( B-B ) road switcher diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division and General Motors Diesel between October , 1949 and May 1954 .	Power was provided by an EMD 567B 16-cylinder engine which generated .	The GP7 was offered both with and without control cabs , and those built without control cabs were called a GP7B .	Five GP7B 's were built between March and April 1953 .
0	Haxted Watermill is a much-restored watermill in Surrey , England , close to the border with Kent , and is powered by the River Eden .	It is a Domesday site and the mill was mentioned in the will of Sir Reginald de Cobham in 1361 .	The western half of the building dates to c.1580 and the eastern half dates to 1794 .	The mill was last used to grind flour in 1919 but worked until 1945 .	It was formerly a museum with a turning waterwheel and other machinery now closed
4	Each district had its own format for selecting teams , resulting in 27 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season , and in some cases , after a conference tournament .	The 1962 NCAA University Division Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1962 NCAA University Division baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball .	The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series , a double-elimination tournament in its sixteenth year .	Eight regional districts sent representatives to the College World Series with preliminary rounds within each district serving to determine each representative .	These events would later become known as regionals .
3	Festival appearances have included playing with JLS , Diversity , and McFly .	Twenty Twenty are a pop punk band based in London , Cambridge and Essex , UK .	They are made up of lead vocalist / guitarist Sam Halliday , brother and bassist / vocalist Jack Halliday , and drummer / vocalist Sonny Watson-Lang .	The band have supported acts such as The Wanted , The Saturdays , Avril Lavigne , Scouting For Girls , Big Time Rush and Selena Gomez .	July 2010 saw the band play at the O2 Arena with The Saturdays , and Tinchy Stryder .
2	It outweighs the Cullinan I by 15.37 carats ( 3.07 g ) .	The Golden Jubilee Diamond ( ) is the largest cut and faceted diamond in the world .	It weighs 545.67 carats ( 109.13 g ) .	The Golden Jubilee Diamond was discovered in the Premier Mine , which is also the origin of the Cullinan diamond ( 1905 ) and other notables such as the Taylor – Burton ( 1966 ) and the Centenary ( 1986 ) .	The Cullinan I , also known as the Great Star of Africa , had held the title of the largest cut and faceted diamond since 1908 .
1	It was due to be released on 8 November 2010 ; however , this was later changed to 15 November .	Solaris Acoustic is an acoustic album by English pop rock band Elliot Minor .	The album was released on 15 November 2010 along with a live DVD ( Kerrang !	Live Special ) filmed at the Relentless Garage , London .	The CD / DVD album bundle is currently only available through the band 's official website , elliotminor.com .
4	However , the preoccupation with delusional ideas can be disruptive to their overall lives .	Delusional disorder is a mental illness in which the patient presents with delusions , but with no accompanying prominent hallucinations , thought disorder , mood disorder , or significant flattening of affect .	Delusions are a specific symptom of psychosis .	Delusions can be `` bizarre `` or `` non-bizarre `` in content ; non-bizarre delusions are fixed false beliefs that involve situations that `` could `` potentially occur in real life , such as being followed or poisoned .	Apart from their delusions , people with delusional disorder may continue to socialize and function in a normal manner and their behavior does not necessarily generally seem odd .
0	WebHostingBuzz is a web hosting company based in Auburn , Massachusetts .	It offers web hosting , reseller hosting , VPS hosting , and dedicated hosting services .	It operates data centers in Atlanta , Phoenix , Arizona , Dallas , and Clifton , New Jersey .	Its European branch , WebHostingBuzz.co.uk , operates data centers in Nottingham and Amsterdam .	It was founded in 2002 by Safvan Malik , who has since left the company .
1	They sponsor the Santa Cruz Syndicate , a downhill racing team .	Santa Cruz Bicycles is a manufacturer of high end mountain bikes based in Santa Cruz , California .	The company moved premises from 104 Bronson Street to 2841 Mission Street in 2013 .	On July 3 , 2015 .	Santa Cruz bicycle was sold to Pon Holding , a family-owned Dutch conglomerate with a bicycle division including brands such as Cervélo , Focus and Royal Dutch Gazelle .
2	A number of those subsequently formed an Association of Independent Members of Parliament , with Snyder Rini as their leader .	General elections were held on 5 April 2006 in Solomon Islands .	No party won more than four of the fifty seats , while thirty seats went to independent candidates .	Rini was elected Prime Minister by Parliament on 18 April , amidst `` widespread street protests `` in Honiara , which caused particular damage in the city 's Chinatown .	Rioters `` alleged corruption and insisted that Mr. Rini had been unfairly favouring Chinese businessmen `` .
3	They had two other singles on the Billboard charts : `` Tarkio Road `` ( 1970 ) and `` Shake Off The Demon `` ( 1971 ) .	Brewer & Shipley are an American folk rock duo who enjoyed their peak success in the late 1960s through the 1970s , consisting of singer-songwriters Mike Brewer and Tom Shipley .	They were known for their intricate guitar work , vocal harmonies , and socially conscious lyrics which reflected the concerns of their generation — especially the Vietnam War , and the struggles for personal and political freedom .	Their greatest commercial success was the song `` One Toke Over the Line `` from their 1970 album `` Tarkio `` .	They continue to perform , both separately and together , usually in the Midwest of the USA .
1	The aim of Big Writing is to advise schools on how to raise attainment level in speaking , listening and writing .	Big Writing is an approach to teaching writing developed by Ros Wilson and marketed by Andrell Education .	The method is currently used by numerous schools , primarily in the UK but also overseas .	The target audience for Big writing are Key Stage 1 and Key Stage 2 students ( i.e .	those aged 5 to 11 ) , although a slightly adjusted method is also taught that focuses on Foundation stage pupils and is known as ' Big Talk ' .
3	Flyway `` became `` Flyway : Journal of Writing and Envirornment `` 2009 , in concert with the creation of Iowa State University 's prestigious MFA Program in Creative Writing and Environment .	Flyway is a prominent American literary magazine founded by Stephen Pett in 1995 .	It is based at Iowa State University in Ames , Iowa .	Genre editors included Sheryl St. Germain , Debra Marquart , Andie Dominick , Sam Pritchard , and Gary Whitehead . ``	Students from the program serve as genre editors and readers . ``
1	They usually involve two metals and one chalcogen .	I-III-VI semiconductors are solid semiconducting materials that contain three or more chemical elements belonging to groups I , III and VI of the periodic table .	Some of these materials have a direct bandgap , E , of ~ 1.5 eV , which makes them efficient absorbers of sunlight and thus potential solar cell materials .	A fourth element is often added to a I-III-VI material to tune the bandgap for maximum solar cell efficiency .	A representative example is copper indium gallium selenide ( CuInGaSe , E = 1.7 – 1.0 eV for x = 0 – 1 ) , which is used in copper indium gallium selenide solar cells .
4	The compilation includres guest performances by several notable West Coast performers including Ice Cube , Luniz , Kokane , Ras Kass , Above The Law , WC and Ice-T .	The Lawhouse Experience , Volume One is a compilation album presented by the American producer Laylaw .	It was released on August 29 , 1997 , on Zomba Records .	The compilation was produced entirely by Derrick McDowell and Laylaw .	It peaked at number 43 on the `` Billboard `` Top R & B / Hip-Hop Albums and at number 169 on the `` Billboard `` 200 .
3	The station is currently owned by Hubbard Broadcasting .	WYGY ( 97.3 FM , `` The Wolf `` ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format .	Licensed to the suburb of Fort Thomas , Kentucky , it serves the Cincinnati , Ohio metropolitan area .	It first began broadcasting in 1993 under the call sign WAAR .	Its studios are located just northeast of Downtown Cincinnati and the transmitter site is in Finneytown , Ohio .
4	Davina McCall did not return to host the main show , and was replaced by former winner Brian Dowling .	Celebrity Big Brother 2011 , also known as Celebrity Big Brother 8 , was the eighth series of the British reality television series `` Celebrity Big Brother `` .	It was the first series of `` Celebrity Big Brother `` to air on Channel 5 , and the first celebrity series not to air in January since `` Celebrity Big Brother 2 `` , which was broadcast in November 2002 .	The series launched on 18 August 2011 , and ended after 22 days on 8 September 2011 , making it the shortest Channel 5 series .	It was followed by the twelfth regular series , which launched the following night after the final .
1	It is home to an English-speaking international congregation , an Egyptian congregation and five refugee congregations .	St. Andrew 's United Church of Cairo is an international Christian church in Egypt .	Its church building was completed in 1908 .	It is located at 38 26 July St. between Ramses and Galaa streets , just above the Nasser Metro Stop in downtown Cairo .	English worship services are held at 10 am Fridays and Sundays .
2	The presidio was the first permanent European settlement on the Pacific Coast of the present-day United States .	El Presidio Reál de San Diego ( Royal Presidio of San Diego ) is a historic fort in San Diego , California .	It was established on May 14 , 1769 , by Gaspar de Portolá , leader of the first European land exploration of Alta California - at that time an unexplored northwestern frontier area of New Spain .	As the first of the presidios and Spanish missions in California , it was the base of operations for the Spanish colonization of California .	The associated Mission San Diego de Alcalá later moved a few miles away .
0	Osmia bicornis , synonym Osmia rufa , is a species of mason bee , and is known as the red mason bee due to its covering of dense gingery hair .	It is a solitary bee that nests in holes or stems and is polylectic , meaning it forages pollen from various different flowering plants .	These bees can be seen aggregating together and nests in preexisting hollows , choosing not to excavate their own .	These bees are not aggressive ; they will only sting if handled very roughly and are safe to be closely observed by children .	Females only mate once , usually with closely related males .
2	It is one of the oldest High Schools in Spain .	The High School I.E.S .	Mariano Quintanilla , Segovia is a state High School in Segovia , Spain , Europe .	The main building is one of the best examples of Modernist architecture in Spain , regarded as `` Bien de Interés Cultural `` ( Piece of cultural interest ) .	Its architects were Joaquín Odriozola and Antonio Bermejo .
4	However , in 2008 – 2009 , a closing stock of 264 Bengal tigers and 100 white Bengal tigers were accounted for in Indian zoos .	Captive white tigers are of little known lineage .	They are held captive around the world , usually for financial purposes .	The Tiger Species Survival Plan devised by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums has condemned the breeding of white tigers .	The genes responsible for white colour are represented by 0.001 % of the tiger population .
3	The region 's capital is Ouahigouya .	Nord is one of Burkina Faso 's 13 administrative regions .	It was created on 2 July 2001 .	The population of Nord was 1,182,770 in 2006 .	Four provinces make up the region - Loroum , Passoré , Yatenga , and Zondoma .
1	Havana ’ s first taste of success comes with the release of her album “ HOW MUCH YOU WANT ME ” in 2000 for Heat Music .	Havana Mena is a Latin musician born in Miami , Florida .	The single “ How much you want me ” , reached # 11 on Billboard ’ s top 100 rap singles .	This would later spark interest from the likes of LA Reid , who had just taken the position of CEO at Arista Records .	HAVANA would be caught in the middle of a bidding war , ultimately choosing to sign with Arista Records .
0	Jyrki Jouko Juhani Kasvi ( born in Pyhtää , Finland on January 6 , 1964 ) is a Finnish politician .	He has been a member of the Finnish Parliament , representing the Green League .	In the Parliament he was most active in the Committee for the Future , which he represented in the European Parliamentary Technology Assessment network ( EPTA ) , related to technology assessment .	He was first elected to the Parliament in 2003 , re-elected for a second term in 2007 , and lost his seat in the election of 2011 .	He was again elected in 2015 .
3	The first-published work in the series , which was Niven 's first published piece was `` The Coldest Place `` , in the December 1964 issue of `` If `` magazine , edited by Frederik Pohl .	Known Space is the fictional setting of about a dozen science fiction novels and several collections of short stories written by Larry Niven .	It has also become a shared universe in the spin-off `` Man-Kzin Wars `` anthologies .	ISFDB catalogs all works set in the fictional universe that includes Known Space under the series name Tales of Known Space , which was the title of a 1975 collection of Niven 's short stories .	This was the first-published work in the 1975 collection .
4	Due to the three-dimensional curvature of this structure , two-dimensional sections such as shown are commonly seen .	Hippocampus anatomy describes the physical aspects and properties of the hippocampus , a neural structure in the medial temporal lobe of the brain that has a distinctive , curved shape that has been likened to the sea-horse monster of Greek mythology and the ram 's horns of Amun in Egyptian mythology .	This general layout holds across the full range of mammalian species , from hedgehog to human , although the details vary .	For example , in the rat , the two hippocampi look similar to a pair of bananas , joined at the stems .	In primate brains , including humans , the portion of the hippocampus near the base of the temporal lobe is much broader than the part at the top .
0	Hermenegildus Felix Victor Maria `` Herman `` Finkers [ ɦɛrmeːnə 'ɣɪɫdəs ' feːlɪks ' vɪktɔr ma 'riaː `` ' ɦɛrmɑn `` ' fɪŋkərs ] ( born December 9 , 1954 in Almelo , Overijssel ) is a comedian from the Dutch region of Twente , who is well known in the Netherlands for his friendly , dry-witted humour and his ambiguous style of storytelling .	In his way of telling a story the moral should never be in the way of a good joke or pun .	His humour is never at the expense of others , except his brother Wilfried Finkers , who is frequently the target of jokes .	Wilfried Finkers co-wrote material and occasionally appeared in his brother 's shows .	Herman Finkers temporarily stopped performing in 2000 , and soon afterwards he was diagnosed with a form of leukaemia .
4	It finally withdrew after 18 matches and will be played in Amateur League at next season .	Uşakspor was a Turkish football club located in Uşak .	They play their home games at 1 Eylül Stadium in Uşak .	The club was founded in 1967 and played in Second League between 1967 – 1968 , 1970 – 1975 , 1982 – 1983 , 1987 – 1988 , 2005 – 2007 .	It suffered financial problems and the team was relegated to the Third League over two seasons .
4	The little lakes Q 'asiri Quta `` ( Khasiri Kkota ) `` and Sura Pata `` ( Sora Pata , Sorapata ) `` lie at its feet , east and north of it .	Qullqi Warani ( Aymara `` qullqi `` silver , also spelled `` Kollke Huarani `` ) is a mountain in the Oruro Department in Bolivia at the border with Chile , north-west of the extinct Sajama volcano .	It is situated in the Sajama Province , in the west of the Curahuara de Carangas Municipality .	According to the Bolivian IGM map 1 : 50,000 ' Nevados Payachata Hoja 5739-I ' it lies entirely on Bolivian terrain .	Qullqi Warani lies south-west of the mountains Jisk 'a Kunturiri and Patilla Pata , north of Phaq 'u Q 'awa and south-east of Kunturiri .
3	After being launched in October 2008 under the title `` 16 `` , the film was shot for over one year , getting finished in early 2010 only .	Pathinaaru ( ; ) is a 2011 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy , who earlier directed films like `` V.I.P `` ( 1997 ) , `` Punnagai Poove `` ( 2003 ) and `` A Aa E Ee `` ( 2009 ) .	It stars Shiva and Madhu Shalini in lead along with musician Darbuka Siva and television artist Abhishek in pivotal roles .	The film 's background score and soundtrack was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja .	One year after its completion , Kalaipuli S. Thanu bought the distribution rights and released the film on 28 January 2011 under his V. Creations banner .
2	Formed in 2004 , they had success throughout Australia , releasing two albums , as well as supporting Third Day on a national tour in January 2007 .	Revive ( sometimes styled Rev !	ve ) was a Christian rock band based out of Atlanta , Georgia , which consisted of Dave Hanbury , Rich Thompson , Tyler Hall , and Michael Wright .	The band then relocated to America to pursue their career in Christian music .	In August 2009 , it was announced that Tyler Hall would be leaving the band on 4 September .
4	It made the containment of global Communist expansion a high priority .	National Security Council Report 68 ( NSC-68 ) was a 58-page top secret policy paper by the United States National Security Council presented to President Harry S. Truman on April 14 , 1950 .	It was one of the most important statements of American policy that launched the Cold War .	In the words of scholar Ernest R. May , NSC-68 `` provided the blueprint for the militarization of the Cold War from 1950 to the collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s . ``	NSC-68 and its subsequent amplifications advocated a large expansion in the military budget of the United States , the development of a hydrogen bomb , and increased military aid to allies of the United States .
1	The episode aired on October 31 , 2010 .	`` Home `` is the seventh episode of the first season of HBO 's crime drama `` Boardwalk Empire `` .	The episode was written by executive producer Tim Van Patten and Paul Simms and directed by Allen Coulter .	Nucky purges some bad childhood memories .	Jimmy forges a new alliance with a fellow veteran named Richard Harrow , while Luciano and a friend cut a deal with the D 'Alessio brothers .
2	ZT 300 `` stands for the ZT 300 series tractors as well as the initial tractor Fortschritt ZT 300 .	ZT 300 is a series of 20-kN-tractors produced from 1967 to 1984 by the VEB Traktorenwerk Schönebeck .	It succeeded the `` RS14 Famulus `` series and unlike the Famulus , the ZT 300 series was sold under the brand name Fortschritt . ``	In total , 72.382 tractors were made .	The most built model was the ZT 303 introduced in 1972 with automatic all-wheel-drive ; in the early 1980s it would cost 81.000 Mark .
2	It has finally debuted in February 2014 against Kenya .	The Rwanda women 's national football team represents Rwanda in women 's association football and is controlled by the Fédération Rwandaise de Football Association .	It had to date been scheduled to compete in one major tournament , the inaugural Women 's Challenge Cup held in Zanzibar in October 2007 , but the event was ultimately canceled .	Like their male counterpart , the team is nicknamed `` The She-Amavubi `` ( Kinyarwanda for `` The She-Wasps `` ) .	It has never qualified for an African Championship finals or a World Cup .
1	and his struggles with Gustav Van Helsing , as well as Gustav 's young nephews — Maximilian and Christopher Townsend .	Dracula : The Series is a syndicated series about Count Dracula ( using the alias of `` Alexander Lucard , `` a wealthy tycoon — the name itself ' A. Lucard ' being ' Dracula ' backwards . )	They were also aided by a schoolgirl , Sophie Metternich .	Romantic tensions developed between Chris and Sophie .	The series was filmed in Luxembourg , and produced by Phil Bedard and Larry Lalonde , best known for their work on `` John Woo 's Once a Thief `` and `` `` .
1	The mall has 60 retail units , as well as 7 vendor stands on the main concourse .	Country Club Mall is a shopping mall located in La Vale , Maryland , a suburb of Cumberland , Maryland in Allegany County , Maryland .	The largest retailers in the mall are Wal-Mart , the Bon-Ton , Sears , and JCPenney .	Also located in the Country Club Mall is the Country Club Mall 8 Cinemas , the largest movie theatre in Allegany County .	The mall is managed by Gumberg Asset Management Corp .
3	The term was originally water spaniels ( a misnomer , as not all are spaniels ) .	Water dogs are a type of gun dog bred to flush and retrieve game from water , often serving the waterfowl hunter .	Strong swimming desire is a characteristic of these dogs .	Some of the oldest dog breeds are water dogs .	With the advent of kennel clubs many `` water spaniels `` were accepted under the names including the designation retriever rather than spaniel .
0	Internationella Engelska Skolan ( IES ) , or the International English School , is a Swedish corporation made up of Independent schools ( or “ free schools ” ) .	IES was founded in 1993 by Barbara Bergström , an American by origin and a science teacher by profession .	Today she is the company 's vice chairman .	The CEO is Ralph Riber .	The majority owner of the company is the American equity fund TA Associates .
2	The razorbelly scad has a complex taxonomic history , and even recently has had its position in the genus `` Alepes `` challenged , but appears to be stable after a molecular phylogeny study supported its placement in `` Alepes `` .	The razorbelly scad ( `` Alepes kleinii `` ) ( also known as the banded scad , golden scad and goggle-eye scad ) is a small species of tropical marine fish in the jack family , Carangidae .	The species inhabits coastal waters in the Indo-Pacific , from Pakistan in the west to Japan and Australia in the east , often found over reefs .	It is very similar to other scads in the same genus , but is readily identified by its unique teeth .	Razorbelly scad are predatory fish , taking a variety of crustaceans and shrimps , and show a change in feeding intensity over the year .
3	These fluids mix in the contact zone , dissolve calcium-rich carbonate rocks , and convert the host carbonate rock to skarn deposits in a metamorphic process called metasomatism .	Skarns or tactites are calcium-bearing calc – silicate rocks .	Skarns are most often formed at the contact zone between intrusions of granitic magma bodies and carbonate sedimentary rocks such as limestone and dolostone .	Hot fluids derived from the granitic magma are rich in silica , iron , aluminium , and magnesium .	The resulting metamorphic rock may consist of a very wide variety of minerals dependent largely on the original composition of the magmatic fluids and the purity of the carbonate sedimentary rocks .
3	The musicians , almost all of which had worked with Thirlwell before , were encouraged to freely improvise on their parts .	York ( First Exit to Brooklyn ) is an album by The Foetus Symphony Orchestra featuring Lydia Lunch , released in 1997 by Thirsty Ear Recordings .	Unlike Foetus ' other albums , `` York `` is a wholly collaborative work .	A `` travelogue and exploration of DUMBO ( Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass ) `` , `` York `` features J. G. Thirlwell as composer and conductor for a group of notable New York City musicians .	Lydia Lunch , a regular Thirlwell collaborator , narrates the proceedings .
4	He played regularly for the first six seasons , before losing his place in the starting XI to youngster Kenny Morgans .	Reginald John `` Johnny `` Berry ( 1 June 1926 – 16 September 1994 ) , also listed as John James Berry , was an English footballer .	Berry joined Manchester United from Birmingham City in 1951 .	He was a natural right winger , with technique and pace as his strengths .	He played 277 matches for Manchester United , scoring 44 goals along the way , including helping Manchester United win three league championships .
1	However , in its original meaning by Keynes , while he has never used the word but Robertson later called it , the liquidity trap is the situation when people have an abnormal preference over liquidity and prefer to hoard cash .	A liquidity trap is a situation , described in modern version of Keynesian Economics , in which injections of cash into the private banking system by a central bank fail to decrease interest rates and hence make monetary policy ineffective .	There are many causes of such behavior .	For example , when the interest rate is very low and there is a strong probability that it will rise , investment in fixed yield bond will incur capital losses because the bond price will fall when interest rate rises in the future .	Investors will rather keep their asset in the form of cash or demand deposit .
4	The artist started to face his inner part bravely and then creating art works with sincerity .	Yuan-Sheng Tsai ( , born 1969 ) , is a Taiwanese artist born in Taipei .	He has been fascinated by painting since his childhood .	After obtaining the fine art background in Taiwan , he set off to study in Spain in 1996 .	The overseas experience is the turning point for his creations because those well-known Spanish masterpieces had a great influence on Tsai .
0	Findlay is a city in and the county seat of Hancock County , Ohio , United States .	The city metro area is often referred as The Greater Findlay Area .	Located in northwestern Ohio , Findlay lies approximately 40 miles ( 64 km ) south of Toledo .	The population was 41,202 at the 2010 census .	It is home to the University of Findlay .
1	The album was recorded in Austin , Texas , with longtime Okkervil producer Brian Beattie , and with mixing from Spoon drummer and producer Jim Eno .	The Stage Names is the fourth full-length studio album by American indie rock band Okkervil River , released on August 7 , 2007 .	Like other Okkervil River albums , the accompanying artwork is the work of artist William Schaff .	The cover refers to a line from `` Unless It 's Kicks `` .	The record was also released as a limited-edition 2-CD set that included a second disc of solo acoustic demos .
3	284 – 305 ) partitioned the Roman Empire 's administration into eastern and western halves .	This history of the Byzantine Empire covers the history of the Eastern Roman Empire from late antiquity until the Fall of Constantinople in 1453 AD .	Several events from the 4th to 6th centuries mark the transitional period during which the Roman Empire 's east and west divided .	In 285 , the emperor Diocletian ( r .	Between 324 and 330 , Constantine I ( r .
1	It was built in 1872 .	Soldier Synagogue ( ) ― the only active synagogue in Rostov-on-Don .	The synagogue burnt down during the pogrom of 1905 , but in 1913-1914 the building was restored .	In 1935 , the synagogue was closed for worship .	After World War II the building was again transferred to the local Jewish community .
1	It is situated in the Chwaka Constituency in the Unguja South Region ( Mkoa wa Unguja Kusini ) .	Uroa , sometimes spelled Urowa , is a small , rural coastal village on central eastern parts of Unguja ( Zanzibar Island ) in Tanzania .	It is located in the Uroa Bay , approximately halfway between the villages of Kiwengwa and Chwaka ; 21.7 miles ( 35 km ) north of Zanzibar Town .	It is located 5.6 miles ( 9 km ) north of Chwaka and 7.1 miles ( 11.5 km ) south of Kiwengwa .	Uroans mostly live on fishing and seaweed farming ; tourism is also developing in the area , although to a lesser extent than on the south-eastern coast around Jambiani .
0	A frame drum is a drum that has a drumhead width greater than its depth .	Usually the single drumhead is made of rawhide or man-made materials .	Shells are traditionally constructed of bent wood ( rosewood , oak , ash etc . )	scarf jointed together ; plywood and man-made materials are also used .	Some frame drums have mechanical tuning and on many the drumhead is stretched and tacked in place .
3	It is her first single that was exclusively released digitally , rather than being a promotional single from one of her other singles or albums that was released through digital means .	`` Alright !	! ``	is a song by Japanese recording artist Superfly .	The song itself , made popular and originally only known by its `` Na-Nana `` hook , was used as the theme song for the Fuji TV drama `` BOSS `` .
2	The thin tail that is also gray , but bi-colored with lighter coloring on the bottom .	The Kangaroo Island dunnart `` ( Sminthopsis aitkeni ) `` is a dark sooty-grey coloured dunnart species first described in 1969 , with paler underparts of its body .	It has an average body length of 170 – 198 mm , a snout to anus length of 80 – 93 mm , a tail measurement of 90 – 105 mm , a hind foot of 17.5 mm , ear length of 18 mm and a weight which varies between 20 – 25 grams .	The length of the tail is longer than the length of the body .	Kangaroo Island dunnarts are dimorphic , males are larger than females .
4	The inversion of a supermajor interval is a subminor interval , and there are four major and four minor intervals , allowing for eight supermajor and subminor intervals , each with variants .	In music , a subminor interval is an interval that is noticeably wider than a diminished interval but noticeably narrower than a minor interval .	It is found in between a minor and diminished interval , thus making it below , or subminor to , the minor interval .	A supermajor interval is a musical interval that is noticeably wider than a major interval but noticeably narrower than an augmented interval .	It is found in between a major and augmented interval , thus making it above , or supermajor to , the major interval .
2	CAUSA was an acronym for `` Confederation of the Associations for the Unification of the Societies of the Americas `` , and is also Spanish for `` cause . ``	CAUSA International is an anti-communist educational organization created in New York City in 1980 by members of the Unification Church at the suggestion of Rev .	Sun Myung Moon .	In the 1980s CAUSA International was active in 21 countries .	In the United States it sponsored educational conferences for evangelical and fundamentalist Christian leaders as well as seminars and conferences for Senate staffers , Hispanic Americans and conservative activists .
1	He studied physics and engineering at the U.S .	David Walter Jourdan ( Born December 5 , 1954 ) is an author , as well as the co-founder and president of Nauticos , a deep ocean exploration company .	Naval Academy and Johns Hopkins University , and served as a U.S. Navy submarine officer during the Cold War .	Jourdan and his Nauticos team have made a number of notable deep ocean discoveries , including the missing Israeli submarine INS Dakar in the Mediterranean and the Japanese aircraft carrier Kaga , sunk in the battle of Midway .	Most recently he has led two deep ocean expeditions in search of Amelia Earhart ’ s lost Lockheed Electra airplane .
0	Mrs. Munger 's Class is two seasons of brief , 90-second skits on `` Disney 's One Saturday Morning `` on ABC that featured the talking heads of a middle school yearbook page .	The kids in the photos would often exchange silly dialogue and insults , while Mrs. Munger would tell them to `` Simmer down !	Simmer !	Simmer ! ``	The camera would focus on whoever was speaking on one part of the yearbook page and quickly pan to follow the dialogue .
3	After the university 's academic scope expanded in the mid and late 1970s to encompass a wider variety of disciplines , the school was renamed The University of Central Florida in 1978 .	The University of Central Florida ( UCF ) is a metropolitan public research and space-grant university located on a 1,415-acre ( 5.73 km ) main campus in Orlando , Florida , United States .	UCF is a member institution of the State University System of Florida and is the largest university in the United States in terms of undergraduate enrollment .	It was founded in 1963 as Florida Technological University with the goal of providing highly trained personnel to support the Kennedy Space Center and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on Florida 's Space Coast .	Initial enrollment in 1968 was 1,948 students ; as of 2014 , the university has 59,770 students from more than 140 countries , all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia .
0	Maryland Institute College of Art ( MICA ) is an art and design college in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .	It was founded in 1826 as the `` `` Maryland Institute for the Promotion of the Mechanic Arts `` `` , making it one of the oldest art colleges in the United States .	In 2014 , MICA was ranked 7 in the nation among fine arts programs by U.S. News and World Report , and its Graphic Design Master of Fine Arts program was ranked No .	3 among graduate schools for Graphic Design in 2012 .	MICA is also a member of the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design ( AICAD ) , a consortium of 36 leading art schools in the United States , as well as the National Association of Schools of Art and Design ( NASAD ) .
1	During the Spanish Civil War of 1936 – 1939 the ship enforced the arms blockade imposed on both sides by Britain and France , until she struck a mine in May 1937 .	HMS `` Hunter `` was a H-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1930s .	She was under repair for the next year and a half , after which she rejoined the Mediterranean Fleet .	During the first few months of World War II , `` Hunter `` searched for German commerce raiders in the Atlantic Ocean until she was transferred back to Britain in February 1940 .	Returning to action in the Norwegian Campaign , she was sunk by German destroyers during the First Battle of Narvik in April 1940 .
3	In 2009 , Gibb co-authored `` Leading the Entrepreneurial University `` , together with G. Haskins , P. Hannon and I. Robertson , published by the National Centre for Entrepreneurship in Education and Said Business School , Oxford University .	Professor ( Arthur ) Allan Gibb OBE , is the founder and former director of the Small Business Centre , Durham University , Durham .	Established in 1971 to provide training and education for entrepreneurs , the Small Business Centre was the first social enterprise of its kind in Europe .	Gibb has been described in an OECD publication as `` the doyen of entrepreneurship and small business development academics `` .	Updated in 2012 , the publication served as the principal handbook for the Entrepreneurial University Leaders Programme ( EULP ) , launched at Oxford University in 2010 .
0	Pieprz i wanilia ( en .	Pepper and Vanilla ) was a popular TV program broadcast by TVP , created and presented by Tony Halik and Elżbieta Dzikowska .	Program was broadcasting for over twenty years and had 300 episodes .	It is the longest lasting documental program in TVP .	The movies were filmed mainly for American televisions .
2	BINA was founded by a group of scholars and educators from the Kibbutz Movement and operates under the Israeli nonprofit Merhavim Hevra Lehinuch Vetrabut .	BINA Center for Jewish Identity and Hebrew Culture is an organization founded in 1996 and based in both Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , Israel .	BINA means `` wisdom `` in Hebrew and is an acronym for `` A Home for the Creation of Our Nation 's Souls `` , a phrase coined by Hebrew poet Chaim Nachman Bialik .	BINA established the first Secular Yeshiva in Israel and currently operates branches in Tel-Aviv and Jerusalem .	BINA is supported by the Posen Foundation and other donors in Israel and the USA .
3	She co-wrote Stacie Orrico 's Top 40 worldwide hit `` ( There 's Got ta Be ) More to Life `` the same year her own Top 40 single `` Dumb Girls `` charted in 2003 .	`` Lucy Woodward `` is an English-American singer-songwriter .	She has released four studio albums on Atlantic Records , Barnes & Noble and Verve Records .	She has contributed to a number of movie soundtracks and has also performed backing vocals for Rod Stewart , Snarky Puppy , Celine Dion , Pink Martini , Gavin DeGraw , Joe Cocker , Chaka Khan , Nikka Costa and Randy Jackson .	In 2016 , her fourth album `` Til They Bang on the Door `` was released on Snarky Puppy bandleader Michael League ’ s label , GroundUP Music / Verve / Universal .
0	Binocular summation refers to the improved visual performance of binocular vision compared to that of monocular vision .	The most vital benefit of binocular vision is stereopsis or depth perception , however binocular summation does afford some subtle advantages as well .	By combining the information received in each eye , binocular summation can improve visual acuity , contrast sensitivity , flicker perception , and brightness perception .	Though binocular summation generally enhances binocular vision , it can worsen binocular vision relative to monocular vision under certain conditions .	Binocular summation decreases with age and when large interocular differences are present .
1	Built in the 1370s by Archibald the Grim , it was a stronghold of the `` Black Douglases `` , Earls of Douglas and Lords of Galloway , until their fall in 1455 .	Threave Castle is situated on an island in the River Dee , west of Castle Douglas in Dumfries and Galloway , south-west Scotland .	For part of this time , the castle and the lordship of Galloway were controlled by Princess Margaret , daughter of King Robert III and widow of the 4th Earl .	In 1449 Threave was regained by the 8th earl , Scotland 's most powerful magnate , who controlled extensive lands and numerous castles .	He fortified Threave with an `` artillery house `` , a sophisticated defence for its time .
4	At academic level Giorgio Ausiello has been Chairman of the degree in Computer Engineering , Director of the Graduate School , then member of the Academic Senate and finally Chairman of the Research Committee of Sapienza University .	Giorgio Ausiello is an Italian computer scientist .	Born in 1941 , in 1966 he graduated in Physics under the supervision of Corrado Böhm .	From 1966 to 1980 he served as researcher at the Italian National Research Council ( CNR ) .	In 1980 he became Professor of Compilers and Operating Systems at Sapienza University of Rome and since 1990 he has been Professor of Theoretical Computer Science in the Department of Computer , Control and Management Engineering , where he has been until recently the leader of the research group on Algorithm Engineering .
2	Tboung Khmum was formerly a central district of Kampong Cham before Tboung Khmum Province was formed from land formerly part of Kampong Cham .	Tboung Khmum District ( ) is a district ( `` srok `` ) located in Tboung Khmum Province , Cambodia .	The district capital is Tboung Khmom town located around 20 kilometres east of the provincial capital of Kampong Cham by road .	The district shares no borders with other provinces and is home to the huge Chup Rubber plantation .	The plantation covers much of the land area of the district and contributes a large proportion to the district and provincial economy .
2	for Arizona State University .	Bubba Jenkins ( born February 5 , 1988 ) is an American mixed martial artist and former collegiate wrestler .	He grew up in Virginia Beach , Virginia and is well known for winning the 2011 NCAA Division I Championship at 157 lbs .	Jenkins formally fought for the mixed martial arts promotion Bellator Fighting Championships in the featherweight division , after signing a long-term promotional agreement with the organization in May 2013 .	Jenkinsis currently fights in the lightweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut .
3	He appears as an adversary of Saint Patrick in several hagiographies .	Lóegaire ( `` floruit `` fifth century ) ( reigned 428 – 458 AD , according to the Annals of the Four Masters of the Kingdom of Ireland ) ( died c .	462 ) , also Lóeguire , is said to have been a son of Niall of the Nine Hostages .	The Irish annals and king lists include him as a King of Tara or High King of Ireland .	His dealings with the saint were believed to account for his descendants ' lack of importance in later times .
4	The park covers , and is managed by West Lothian Council .	Polkemmet Country Park is located west of the town of Whitburn in West Lothian , Scotland and is a 3 star Visitor Attraction ( Visitscotland ) .	It is adjacent to the M8 motorway , east of the `` Heart of Scotland `` services at Harthill .	It was developed on the estate of Polkemmet House , a country house which was demolished in the 1960s .	The estate was bought by West Lothian District Council in 1978 , and the country park was opened to the public in 1981 .
4	The islands form the smallest Union Territory of India : their total surface area is just .	Lakshadweep ( , , Lakshadīb ) , formerly known as the Laccadive , Minicoy , and Aminidivi Islands ( ) , is a group of islands in the Laccadive Sea , off the south western coast of India .	The archipelago is a Union Territory and is governed by the Union Government of India .	They were also known as Laccadive Islands , although geographically this is only the name of the central subgroup of the group . ``	Lakshadweep `` comes from `` Lakshadweepa `` , which means `` one hundred thousand islands `` in Sanskrit .
0	The Patapsco Swinging Bridge is located in the Avalon / Orange Grove area of Patapsco Valley State Park in central Maryland , United States .	It is a suspension bridge consisting of a wooden deck supported by large cables .	The Patapsco Valley has a history of `` swinging `` bridges built for pedestrian travel from one side of the river to the other .	The Orange Grove Flour Mill was one such popular crossing and is where the current bridge now stands .	The first bridge was built by the Orange Grove Flour Mill for employees to cross the river .
1	Local traditional definitions of the boundaries vary .	Gert Town is a neighborhood in the city of New Orleans .	The New Orleans City Planning Commission definition of the area includes the Zion City area , which many locals consider a separate neighborhood .	According to the City Planning Commission definition , Gert Town is a subdistrict of the Mid-City District Area , but of the uptown area .	Its boundaries as defined by the City Planning Commission are : Palmetto Street , South Carrollton Avenue and the Pontchartrain Expressway to the north , not South Broad Street to the east , or MLK Boulevard , Washington Avenue , Eve Street , Jefferson Davis Parkway , Earhart Boulevard , Broadway and Colapissa Streets , South Carrollton Avenue and Fig Street to the south and Cambronne , Forshey , Joliet , and Edinburgh Streets to the west .
3	In a sense , being healthy or active about one 's health is a precondition for becoming a subject of the study , an effect that can appear under other conditions such as studying particular groups of workers ( i.e .	The healthy user bias is a bias that can damage the validity of epidemiologic studies testing the efficacy of particular therapies or interventions .	Specifically , it is a sampling bias : the kind of subjects that voluntarily enroll in a clinical trial and actually follow the experimental regimen are not representative of the general population .	They can be expected , on average , to be healthier as they are concerned for their health and are predisposed to follow medical advice , both factors that would aid one 's health .	someone in ill health is unlikely to have a job as manual laborer ) .
4	The bank is one of the four banks that issues Pound Sterling banknotes in Northern Ireland .	First Trust Bank , part of the AIB Group , is a commercial bank in Northern Ireland .	It forms part of one of the Big Four banks in Ireland .	The bank was created in 1991 when `` TSB Northern Ireland `` merged with the AIB Group 's other interests .	The bank can trace its existence back to 1816 with the founding of the `` Belfast Savings Bank `` .
4	This gives the sauce a pastier texture , while making it considerably more laborious to make as the emulsion is much harder to stabilize .	Aioli or aïoli ( or ; Provençal or `` aiòli `` ; ) is a Mediterranean sauce made of garlic and olive oil ; in some regions other emulsifiers such as egg are used .	The names mean `` garlic and oil `` in Catalan and Provençal .	It is particularly associated with the cuisines of the Mediterranean coasts of Spain ( Valencia , Catalonia , the Balearic Islands , Murcia and eastern Andalusia ) , France ( Provence ) and Italy ( Liguria ) .	Current versions of the French-Provençal sauce are typically closer to a garlic mayonnaise , incorporating egg yolks and lemon juice , whereas the original French Provencal and Spanish Catalan versions are without egg yolk and have considerably more garlic .
0	Core stability refers to a person 's ability to stabilize their core .	Stability , in this context , should be considered as an ability to control the position and movement of the core .	Thus , if a person has greater core stability , they have a greater level of control over the position and movement of this area of their body .	The body 's core is frequently involved in aiding other movements of the body , such as the limbs , and it is considered that by improving core stability a person 's ability to perform these other movements may also be improved i.e .	core stability training may help improve someone 's running ability .
0	HMS `` Albion `` was a British `` Canopus `` -class predreadnought battleship .	Commissioned into the Royal Navy in 1901 , she served on the China Station until 1905 .	She was then employed as part of the Channel Fleet until 1907 , at which time she began service with the Atlantic Fleet .	Following the outbreak of World War I , she saw action in operations against German Southwest Africa in 1914 and also served in the Dardanelles campaign against the Turks , supporting the landings at Gallipoli .	She remained in the Mediterranean until 1916 , and then returned to the United Kingdom for service as a guard ship for the remainder of the war .
2	As of September 2016 , he has taken a position at Facebook .	Sudhir Alladi Venkatesh ( born 1966 ) is an Indian American sociologist and urban ethnographer .	He is a former professor of sociology and African-American studies at Columbia University .	He was a board member at Philadelphia-based nonprofit Public / Private Ventures until it disbanded on July 31 , 2012 .	In his work , Venkatesh has documented criminal gangs and the drug trade , and has written about the dynamics of the underground economy including street prostitution , contributing his findings to the research of economics professor Steven Levitt .
4	These records are correct as of the end of the 2016 season .	The Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) is a Minor League Baseball league operating at the Triple-A level .	It was founded in 1903 as circuit of six teams on the West Coast of the United States .	Today , it is composed of 16 teams that stretch from California to Middle Tennessee .	This list documents the PCL 's top players and teams in particular statistical areas .
4	US 11 , created in 1926 , largely follows the route of the original plan .	U.S. Route 11 ( US 11 ) is a north – south United States highway extending 1,645 miles ( 2,647 km ) across the eastern United States .	The southern terminus of the route is at U.S. Route 90 in the Bayou Sauvage National Wildlife Refuge in eastern New Orleans , Louisiana .	The northern terminus is at the Rouses Point - Lacolle 223 Border Crossing in Rouses Point , New York .	The route continues across the border into Canada as Quebec Route 223 .
4	A common nickname for Tapio is Tapsa .	Tapio is a male given name common in Finland .	The nameday is 18 June .	As of January 2013 there were almost 140,000 people with this name in Finland .	The name originates from the name of the Finnish god of forests , animals , and hunting .
1	It was characterized by a small wheel in front to avoid the problem of tipping forward inherent in other high wheelers .	The American Star Bicycle was invented in 1880 by G. W. Pressey and manufactured by the H. B. Smith Machine Company in Smithville , Burlington County , New Jersey .	A Star bicycle was photographed being ridden down the steps in front of the United States Capitol in 1885 to demonstrate its longitudinal stability , and Star bicycles were used for the sport of bicycle polo in the mid-1880s .	Pressey sued Smith in 1887 for royalties .	The name `` Star `` was attributed to the double star arrangement of the spokes .
2	Akiyoshi arranged all of the music for the band and composed nearly all of the music recorded by the two groups over a 30-year period .	The Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band was a 16 piece jazz big band created by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi and tenor saxophone / flutist Lew Tabackin in Los Angeles in 1973 .	In 1982 the principals moved from Los Angeles to New York City and re-formed the group with new members under the name , The Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin .	Tabackin served as the bands ' featured soloist on tenor saxophone and flute .	The groups recorded 23 albums , toured in North America , Japan and Europe and , after the move to New York , had regular performances at the jazz club Birdland before disbanding in 2003 .
0	`` This Is Me `` , is a song by Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas from the Disney Channel original movie `` Camp Rock `` and was featured on the film 's soundtrack as the fourth and final single .	It premiered on Radio Disney on June 6 , 2008 and was released by Walt Disney Records onto the iTunes Store on June 17 , 2008 .	A live version is also included on `` `` .	The single has sold 901,000 digital copies to date , according to Nielsen SoundScan .	The song was written , produced and mixed by Adam Watts and Andy Dodd .
0	Flipps ( formerly iMediaShare ) is a mobile media discovery and control technology developed by Flipps Media .	It is the first technology to deliver over-the-top video to the connected TV via existing hardware by streaming directly from the cloud .	The iOS and Android application transforms a mobile device into a handheld remote that controls TV playback and allows multi-tasking while streaming with no additional hardware or set-up .	With the Flipps mobile application users can browse a channel catalogue of movies , music videos , sports , news , and other video .	The app partners with publishers to provide viewers diverse content and expand publishers ’ reach to virtually any connected TV in the world .
2	The greebles were created for Isabel Gauthier 's dissertation work at Yale , so as to share constraints with faces : they have a small number of parts in a common configuration .	The Greebles refers to an invented category of novel objects used as stimuli in psychological studies of object and face recognition .	They were named by the psychologist Robert Abelson .	Greebles have appeared in psychology textbooks , and in more than 25 scientific articles on perception ( see below ) .	They are often used in mental rotation task experiments .
4	It was discontinued again for the XC Series of 1976 and re-appeared in the ED range of 1993 .	The Ford Futura is a large car that was made by Ford Australia between 1962 and 2008 .	Although the last Futura was part of the BF Series Ford Falcon range it was badged and marketed as the ' Ford Futura ' rather than the ' Ford Falcon Futura ' .	Ford Australia first used the Futura name on the Ford Falcon Futura which was introduced in 1962 as the new luxury sedan in the Falcon XL Series range .	The name was dropped from the XR Falcon range of 1966 and re-introduced in the XW range of 1969 .
1	The opening event was devised by creative director Sean McAllister and writer Rupert Creed .	Made in Hull was the opening season of Hull UK City of Culture 2017 and began with an opening event which ran from 1 – 7 January 2017 .	It consisted of installations in eight locations across the city of Hull and marked the beginning of the city 's period as UK City of Culture , a four-yearly event previously held by Derry ~ Londonderry in 2013 .	The day after the opening , some tabloid newspapers chose to focus on isolated examples of bad behaviour seen by their reporters , instead of on the actual launch event .	These reports led to a swift rebuttal by local sources , including the police commander who reported that there had been no arrests , injuries or serious incidents .
4	The Kingdom of Beltola survives under the British rule and it existed till India 's independence in 1947 CE .	Beltola is a prime residential area in the southern part of Guwahati , Assam .	It is an adjoining area of the Dispur Capital Complex , the capital of Assam .	Though most of the buildings and roads were newly constructed , Beltola has a long history which dates back mythical ages .	During Ahom reign , Beltola was a small kingdom , whose ruler assisted in the administration of the Borphukan in Guwahati , the Ahom Viceroy of Lower Assam and in maintaining relations with the communities of Khasi Hills .
0	Convenience sampling ( also known as grab sampling , accidental sampling , or opportunity sampling ) is a type of non-probability sampling that involves the sample being drawn from that part of the population that is close to hand .	That is , a sample population selected because it is readily available and convenient , as researchers are drawing on relationships or networks to which they have easy access .	The researcher using such a sample can not scientifically make generalizations about the total population from this sample because it would not be representative enough .	For example , if the interviewer was to conduct such a survey at a shopping center early in the morning on a given day , the people that he / she could interview would be limited to those given there at that given time , which would not represent the views of other members of society in such an area , if the survey was to be conducted at different times of day and several times per week .	Another common example occurs with paid focus groups designed to study consumer responses to new or changed products .
0	The United States World War I Centennial Commission was created by an Act of Congress in 2013 .	This Act was passed in order to honor and recognize the centennial of America 's involvement with World War I .	The Commission is in charge of planning , developing , and executing programs , projects , and activities to commemorate the centennial of World War I .	The Commission also develops educational programs for a variety of audiences , organizes events to commemorate America 's involvement in the War , and will establish a National World War I Memorial in Washington , D.C .	The Pritzker Military Museum and Library is the founding sponsor of the Commission .
4	As of June 2017 , it is the 40th most subscribed channel on YouTube with over 14.2 million subscribers and over 3.3 billion total video views .	Epic Rap Battles of History is a YouTube webseries created by Peter Shukoff ( a.k.a .	Nice Peter ) and Lloyd Ahlquist ( a.k.a .	EpicLLOYD ) .	The series puts famous historical and pop culture figures , real and fictional , against one another in a rap battle format .
4	In the 1980s , the Shanghai Ferry became one of the busiest ferry services in the world .	The Shanghai Ferry ( Chinese : 上海市轮渡 , abbr .	市轮渡 ) is a system of ferry routes across the Huangpu River in Shanghai .	The ferry service started on January 5 , 1911 by the municipal authorities in Pudong .	Before the 1970s , the ferry service was the only way to cross the Huangpu River .
0	Henry Z 'vi Lothane , M.D .	, is an American psychiatrist , psychoanalyst , educator and author .	Lothane is currently Clinical Professor at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai , New York City , specializing in the area of psychotherapy .	He is the author of some eighty scholarly articles and reviews on various topics in psychiatry , psychoanalysis and the history of psychotherapy , as well as the author of a book on the famous Schreber case , entitled `` In Defense of Schreber .	Soul Murder and Psychiatry `` . ``
4	Both of these accomplishments helped the United States overcome the Soviet Union 's early lead in the Space Race .	Gemini 4 ( officially Gemini IV ) was the second manned space flight in NASA 's Project Gemini , occurring in June 1965 .	It was the tenth manned American spaceflight ( including two X-15 flights at altitudes exceeding ) .	Astronauts James McDivitt and Edward H. White , II circled the Earth 66 times in four days , making it the first US flight to approach the five-day flight of the Soviet Vostok 5 .	The highlight of the mission was the first space walk by an American , during which White floated free outside the spacecraft , tethered to it , for approximately 20 minutes .
1	In mid-year 2006 , it had an estimated population of 6,100 residents .	Bir Nabala ( ; ) is a Palestinian town in the West Bank located eight kilometers northeast of Jerusalem .	Three Bedouin tribes — Abu Dhak , Tel al ‘ Adassa and Jahalin — live in Bir Nabala .	Bir Nabala has a built-up area of 1,904 dunams , which combined with nearby al-Jib , Beit Hanina al Balad and al-Judeira form an enclave in the Seam Zone , walled in by the Israeli West Bank barrier .	The enclave is home to approximately 15,000 Palestinians .
1	The material conditional is used to form statements of the form 𝑝 → 𝑞 ( termed a `` conditional statement `` ) which is read as `` if 𝑝 then 𝑞 `` .	The material conditional ( also known as `` material implication `` , `` material consequence `` , or simply `` implication `` , `` implies `` , or `` conditional `` ) is a logical connective ( or a binary operator ) that is often symbolized by a forward arrow `` → `` .	Unlike the English construction `` if ... then ... `` , the material conditional statement 𝑝 → 𝑞 does not specify a causal relationship between 𝑝 and 𝑞 .	It is merely to be understood to mean `` if 𝑝 is true , then 𝑞 is also true `` such that the statement 𝑝 → 𝑞 is false only when 𝑝 is true and 𝑞 is false .	The material conditional only states that 𝑞 is true when 𝑝 is true , and makes no claim that 𝑝 causes 𝑞 .
3	Its population was 5,899 in 2011 , of which 3,603 lived in the town proper .	Vartholomio ( ) is a town and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece .	Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Pineios , of which it is a municipal unit .	The municipal unit has an area of 60.696 km .	The municipal unit covers the southern part of the hilly Kyllini peninsula , and the plains to the southeast .
0	The Rysum organ in Rysum Church in Rysum , north Germany , is the oldest instrument of its kind in northern Europe that still largely has its original pipes .	It is also one of the oldest playable church organs in the world alongside those in Sion , St. Valentin in Kiedrich , and Ostönnen .	It was originally built in 1457 and rebuilt in 1513 .	After undergoing several other modifications through the years it was restored to its 1513 condition by Jürgen Ahrend and Gerhard Brunzema in 1959 .	The organ has seven organ stops on one keyboard .
4	``	Live Hardcore Worldwide is the only live album by Boogie Down Productions .	It features tracks from all of Boogie Down Productions ' first four albums and a few new tracks .	In his review for `` The Source `` Chris Wild wrote `` `` BDP fans should buy this album .	So should anyone who is interested in what a real hip-hop show sounds like . ``
2	The event was promoted by `` Indiatimes `` , Asmi Diamonds and the Indian Television Academy .	Rhea Pillai is an Indian model known for her works in Television and advertising .	In 2003 , she was honored as the `` Woman of the Year `` , along with Raveena Tandon , Anoushka Shankar and Ritu Beri , on International Women 's Day .	Pillai 's award was for social services .	In 2006 she had a minor screen role in the Hindi movie `` Corporate `` .
2	It also contains a number of commercial zones with businesses .	City Park is a mixed-use neighbourhood located near the center of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .	It comprises a mix of single-family detached homes , apartment buildings and other semi-detached dwellings .	As of 2009 , the area was home to 4,405 residents .	The neighbourhood is considered a middle-income area , with an average family income of $ 42,236 , an average dwelling value of $ 245,254 and a home ownership rate of 28.6 % .
2	The path is well maintained and its surface is generally good , although there are some stretches particularly between Falkirk and the outskirts of Edinburgh where wet weather leads to muddy conditions unsuitable for road intended bicycles .	The Forth and Clyde canal pathway runs between the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Clyde and is a long footpath and cycleway that runs across Scotland , between Bowling , west of Glasgow , and Lochrin Basin ( Edinburgh Quay ) in Edinburgh .	The path runs on the towpaths of the Forth & Clyde and Union Canals and is entirely off road .	It is well used by walkers and cyclists .	Accessing the path is very easy since there are railway stations close to the path for its entire length .
3	In 2004 , through a country-wide sector reform it became a commercially oriented company under private law .	The Alexandria Water Company ( AWCO ) is the water company of the city and the governorate ( province ) of Alexandria , Egypt .	It was founded in 1860 as a private company and it operated as such for more than 100 years before it was nationalized under the rule of Gamal Abdel Nasser .	At that time it became the Alexandria Water General Authority ( AWGA ) , a department of Alexandria Governorate in charge of both water supply and sewerage .	The sewerage and wastewater treatment functions were transferred to a separate company , the Alexandria General Organization for Sanitary Drainage ( AGOSD ) , later renamed to Alexandria Sanitary and Drainage Company ( ASDCO ) .
2	19 ) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that increased the maximum sentence for attempted rape from 2 years imprisonment to 7 years penal servitude .	The Attempted Rape Act 1948 ( 11 & 12 Geo .	6 c .	( Penal servitude was abolished later that year by the Criminal Justice Act 1948 , and replaced with imprisonment . )	The Attempted Rape Act was repealed and replaced by the Sexual Offences Act 1956 , which maintained the maximum sentence of 7 years imprisonment until the 1956 Act was amended by the Sexual Offences Act 1985 , which increased the maximum sentence to life imprisonment .
2	Progress can be made during play by the offensive team by advancing the ball from its point of progress at the start of play known as the line of scrimmage or by the defensive team after taking possession of the football via a change of possession ( such as punt , kickoff , interception , punt block , blocked kick or fumble ) .	Return yards is an American football and Canadian football statistical measure that takes several forms .	In American and Canadian football , progress is measured by advancing the football towards the opposing team 's Goal line .	When the defensive team advances the ball during play after a change in possession , yardage is credited from the point of the change of possession .	Such yardage is termed return yards .
1	It is known from a single partial skull that was described in 1973 from the Omingonde Formation .	Titanogomphdon is an extinct genus of diademodontid cynodont ( represented by the type species Titanogomphodon crassus ) from the Middle Triassic of Namibia .	At about , the skull of `` Titanogomphodon `` was significantly larger than that of its closest relative , `` Diademodon `` ( hundreds of skulls of `` Diademodon `` are known and none exceed in length ) .	Its teeth are similar to those of another group of cynodonts called Traversodontidae , but the similarities are likely the result of convergent evolution .	Aside from its larger size , `` Titanogomphodon `` differs from `` Diademodon `` in having a bony projection on the postorbital bar behind the eye socket .
1	Burton embarked on his music career in 2000 , with hip hop group Da Razkalz Cru , under the pseudonym Bucklyte .	Roderick Anthony Burton II ( November 25 , 1987 – May 18 , 2009 ) , better known by his stage name Dolla , was an American hip hop recording artist from Atlanta , Georgia .	The group quickly disbanded , and Burton went on to work as a model for the Sean John clothing line .	In 2007 , Burton signed to Akon 's Konvict Muzik label .	Burton released three singles from 2007 to 2009 .
4	802 ; Plut . ``	Busiris ( Greek : , Herod .	i .	59 , 61,165 ; Strabo xvii .	p .
2	During the following six years , the students were referred to as “ danismend .	The term “ softas , ” which emerges in Ottoman history around the 10th century and continues until the 16th , refers to a group of religious students that studied within the madrasa education system of the Ottoman empire .	[ 1 ] More specifically , “ softa ” was used to describe a student in the first six grades of the madrasa system .	” [ 6 ] Seeking improved conditions and status , these people left their poor , rural homes for the metropolis area to study at prestigious institutions .	Starting with Mehmed II , Ottoman sultans established these centers of education to develop a qualified group of individuals that would constitute a strong bureaucracy and fill administrative roles .
4	Another local team , Villanova , was later chosen as a replacement for Army .	The 2013 USA Sevens Collegiate Rugby Championship was a rugby sevens tournament .	The tournament was held on May 31 - June 2 at PPL Park in Chester , Pennsylvania .	It was the fourth annual Collegiate Rugby Championship and the third consecutive year that the tournament was held at PPL Park .	For 2013 , USA Sevens LLC expanded the tournament from 16 to 20 teams in order to include additional local Philadelphia-area teams , inviting Temple , Kutztown , Penn , and Saint Joseph 's .
4	Connell 's book , which includes much of the history of the American West and the Indian Wars , was well received by critics and made the best-seller lists .	Son of the Morning Star is a 1984 non-fiction book written by Evan S. Connell , on the subject of General George Armstrong Custer , with the subtitle ' Custer and the Little Bighorn ' .	A 1991 television film was based on the book .	Both the book and the film chronicle the Battle of the Little Bighorn , the personalities involved , and the events leading up to and following it .	Connell prior to the book 's publication had written mostly fiction .
2	This high school is based upon the expansion of medical knowledge for teenagers who want to pursue medical careers .	The Academy of Allied Health and Science ( AAHS ) , established in 1996 , is a small magnet public high school located in Neptune Township , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .	The school is one of five career academies offered by the Monmouth County Vocational School District .	Proximity to Jersey Shore University Medical Center provides students with hands-on training in a hospital setting .	The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1999 .
4	His team would field mostly Dodge Chargers and Dodge Daytonas to the Cup Series races .	Nord Krauskopf was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race car owner whose career spanned from 1966 to 1977 .	He was the owner of K & K Insurance and a part of the business since its foundation in 1952 .	This was a position that he kept in the corporate world while having a second career in the motorsports industry as a car owner .	This dual role lasted until the 1970s when he left the NASCAR circuit to focus on running his insurance company .
4	The club 's home colours are navy , gold , and white .	Cleethorpes Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Cleethorpes , North East Lincolnshire .	Established in 1979 , the first XV currently plays in Midlands 5 East ( North ) .	The club runs two senior sides and seven junior sides .	Cleethorpes play their home games at Taylor 's Avenue , and their previous grounds include Lucarly 's and Lindsey School Rugby Pitches .
4	6 ) , `` Goodbye Stranger `` ( No .	Breakfast in America is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Supertramp , released on 29 March 1979 by A & M Records .	It was recorded in 1978 at The Village Recorder in Los Angeles .	It spawned four U.S .	Billboard hit singles : `` The Logical Song `` ( No .
4	The company wants to get rid of the union . ``	Edward M. Strait ( born June 23 , 1930 ) was an American labor leader , known for having been President of the Amalgamated Council of Greyhound Local Unions , representing more than 9,300 employees , and head of the Amalgamated Transit Union 's bargaining unit during the strike beginning March 2 , 1990 , and ending in April 1993 .	As Council President , Strait discussed the terms of all possible negotiations with the 16 local union presidents .	Believing the company was motivated by a preconceived desire to bust the union , Strait explained that `` they negotiated us into a strike .	I think this has been planned .
2	It was the largest fashion week held in Canada and the second largest fashion week in North America , after New York City .	Toronto Fashion Week , ( also known as World MasterCard Fashion Week , WMCFW , and formerly known as LG Fashion Week ) was a semi-annual fashion week held in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .	It occurred during the month of March , to showcase fall and winter collections , and again , during the month of October , to showcase spring and summer collections .	The fashion week was founded by the Fashion Design Council of Canada , which is currently operated by Toronto entrepreneur Robin Kay .	Due to its semi-regular name changes , which occur as a result of rotating title sponsorships , the fashion week can most easily be recognized as simply , `` Toronto Fashion Week `` .
3	A firmer suspension offered slight handling improvements .	The Eight was Bentley 's `` entry-level `` offering from 1984 until 1992 .	Distinguished mainly by a wire-mesh grille radiator instead of vertical slats , the Eight also had somewhat less equipment than the similar Mulsanne on which it was based .	This brought the introductory price to under the psychologically important £ 50,000 mark at the time of introduction , £ 6,000 less than the Mulsanne .	The Eight was so popular that sales expanded from the original UK market to Europe and the United States .
2	For parking lots , runways , laneways , etc .	Snow pushers ( also known as box plows , containment plows , or box style plows ) are designed to move snow by pushing it straight ahead .	They do this by being constructed with a curved moldboard that lies perpendicular to the direction of travel and a sidewall at either end that keeps the snow contained .	this is an improvement on the traditional windrow plowing , which uses an angled plow to move snow to the side .	Snow pushers allow the snow to be moved `` en masse `` and completely off site to be piled someplace out of the way .
4	He created the new taxon Ceratosauria to include both the Ceratosauridae and the ostrich-like ornithomimids .	This timeline of ceratosaur research is a chronological listing of events in the history of paleontology focused on the ceratosaurs , a group of relatively primitive , often horned , predatory theropod dinosaurs that became the apex predators of the southern hemisphere during the Late Cretaceous .	The nature and taxonomic composition of the Ceratosauria has been controversial since the group was first distinguished in the late .	In 1884 Othniel Charles Marsh described the new genus and species `` Ceratosaurus nasicornis `` from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of the western United States .	He felt that it belonged in a new family that he called the Ceratosauridae .
0	Rafael Palmeiro Corrales ( born September 24 , 1964 ) is a retired Cuban American Major League Baseball first baseman and left fielder .	Palmeiro was an All-American at Mississippi State University before being drafted by the Chicago Cubs in 1985 .	He played for the Cubs ( 1986 – 1988 ) , Texas Rangers ( 1989 – 1993 , 1999 – 2003 ) , and the Baltimore Orioles ( 1994 – 1998 , 2004 – 2005 ) .	He was named to the MLB All-Star Team four times , and won the Gold Glove three times .	He is a member of the 500 home run club and the 3,000 hit club and is one of only five players in history to be a member of both .
4	It is about having the right to make life decisions without undue influence or control by others .	Self-advocacy refers to the civil rights movement for people with developmental disabilities , also called cognitive or intellectual disabilities , and other disabilities .	It is also an important term in the disability rights movement , referring to people with disabilities taking control of their own lives , including being in charge of their own care in the medical system .	The self-advocacy movement is ( in basic terms ) about people with disabilities speaking up for themselves .	It means that although a person with a disability may call upon the support of others , the individual is entitled to be in control of their own resources and how they are directed .
4	The seat of Keshan County is located in Keshan Town .	Keshan ( ) is a county in western Heilongjiang province , China , about northeast of Qiqihar , which administers it .	It is named from a city-shaped extinct volcano , which has a name of Erkeshan in its territory .	Its total area is , with a population of 460,000 .	Post Code : 161610 .
4	In the Assut de l 'Or Bridge ( 2008 ) , the curved backward pylon is back-stayed to concrete counterweights .	A cantilever spar cable-stayed bridge is a modern variation of the cable-stayed bridge .	This design has been pioneered by the structural engineer Santiago Calatrava in 1992 with the Puente del Alamillo in Seville , Spain .	In two of his designs the force distribution does not depend solely upon the cantilever action of the spar ( pylon ) ; the angle of the spar away from the bridge and the weight distribution in the spar serve to reduce the overturning forces applied to the footing of the spar .	In contrast , in his swinging Puente de la Mujer design ( 2002 ) , the spar reaches toward the cable supported deck and is counterbalanced by a structural tail .
0	No .	1 Elementary Flying Training School ( No .	1 EFTS ) was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) pilot training unit that operated during World War II .	It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia 's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme .	The unit was established in November 1939 as No .
1	South Carolina was a part of the Solid South and voted entirely Democrat from the late 1870s to the Civil Rights Movement .	Prior to the 1960s , the Democratic party had control of South Carolina at all levels .	Compared to the rest of the South , the Southern Democrats ' disenfranchisement of blacks , poor whites , and any other voter who might vote Republican was particularly harsh ; Democrats carried the state in every presidential election from 1880 to 1944 with over 90 % of the vote every time , even in 1928 , when Republican Herbert Hoover took many formerly Solid South states .	Most voters in South Carolina were Yellow dog Democrats , but Governor Strom Thurmond 's run for president as a States ' Rights Democratic Party in 1948 opened up the possibility of voting for a party other than the national Democratic Party .	The Republican Party did not gain relevance in the state until Strom Thurmond , as a United States Senator , switched parties in 1964 from Democrat to Republican .
4	Usually clubs from the fourth level , Japan Football League , which is the top tier for amateur clubs , apply for the status ; however , it is open for all amateur clubs down to Prefectural leagues .	J .	League 100 Year Plan club status , is a status given to Japanese non-league football clubs .	The applicant must have an intention to become a professional club and to join the professional league , J .	League , that governs the top three levels of the Japanese football pyramid .
4	The club also contributed to the growth of cricket on the island , for trial matches were held on weekends while a tour was in progress , and local talent was invited to play .	The Queen 's Park Cricket Club ( QPCC ) is a cricket club in Trinidad and Tobago , current owner of the Queen 's Park Oval , having previously played at the Queen 's Park Savannah since its founding in 1891 .	During the first decades of the twentieth century , the private Queen 's Park Oval was the most exclusive cricket ground and club on the island .	C. L. R. James records that `` they were for the most part white and often wealthy `` and that `` a black man in the Queen 's Park was rare and usually anonymous . ``	The Queens Park club was `` the big shot `` of the local cricket on the island , and matches against touring English sides were the mainstay of cricket at the ground .
4	It has a population of 3,066 , and is the largest settlement in the civil parish of Perranzabuloe .	Perranporth ( ) is a small seaside resort town on the north coast of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .	It is popular with surfers and tourists because of its spectacular beach , and Atlantic swell .	It is southwest of Newquay and northwest of Truro .	Perranporth and its long beach face the Atlantic Ocean .
2	There are several potential causes of a stuck fermentation-the most common are excessive temperatures killing off the yeast or a must deficient in the nitrogen food source needed for the yeast to thrive .	A stuck fermentation occurs in brewing beer or winemaking when the yeast become dormant before the fermentation has completed .	Unlike an `` arrested fermentation `` where the winemaker intentionally stops fermentation ( such as in the production of fortified wines ) , a stuck fermentation is an unintentional and unwanted occurrence that can lead to the wine being spoiled by bacteria and oxidation .	Once the fermentation is stuck , it is very difficult to restart due to a chemical compound released by dying yeast cells that inhibit the future growth of yeast cells in the batch .	At the winery winemakers take several steps to limit the possibility of a stuck fermentation occurring , such as adding nitrogen to the must in the form diammonium phosphate or using cultured yeast with a high temperature and alcohol tolerance .
0	Jason Sizemore is an American writer and editor based in Lexington , Kentucky .	He is the owner and managing editor of Apex Publications .	He was born in Big Creek , KY ( pop .	400 ) .	He was the editor and publisher of `` Apex Digest `` , a quarterly science fiction and horror digest that ran for 12 issues between 2005 and 2008 .
4	It received five Tony Award nominations , and won three awards .	The Nance is a play written by Douglas Carter Beane .	It involves the lives of burlesque performers during the 1930s .	A `` nance `` was a stereotypical camp homosexual .	The play is a production of Lincoln Center Theater that premiered on Broadway in 2013 .
2	It was released in April 2004 .	Singing in the Twins Wonderland ( Volume 3 ) is an album by Hong Kong girl duo Twins .	It is the third album in their series of their children 's albums .	Whole four albums of `` Singing in the Twins Wonderland `` had a great success because they became very popular among children .	Twins had one more album released for children , named `` Singing in the Twins Wonderland ( Volume 4 ) `` .
1	In part , the site has become known for their `` Musical Pairings `` which consist of recommending music to listen to while enjoying specific recipes .	Turntable Kitchen is a Seattle-based daily Internet publication and independent record label devoted to music criticism , cooking and food photography .	The site was founded by husband and wife duo Kasey and Matthew Hickey in 2010 .	The focus of the Musical Pairings is on indie rock .	However , the range of musical genres covered extends to pop , r & b , hip hop , folk , jazz , World music , and various forms of electronic dance music .
4	When receiving diplomats , who formally represent the sovereign , the receiving head of state grants certain privileges and immunities to ensure they may effectively carry out their duties , on the understanding that these are provided on a reciprocal basis .	Diplomatic immunity is a form of legal immunity that ensures diplomats are given safe passage and are considered not susceptible to lawsuit or prosecution under the host country 's laws , although they can still be expelled .	Modern diplomatic immunity was codified as international law in the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations ( 1961 ) which has been ratified by all but a handful of nations , though the concept and custom of such immunity have a much longer history dating back thousands of years .	Many principles of diplomatic immunity are now considered to be customary law .	Diplomatic immunity as an institution developed to allow for the maintenance of government relations , including during periods of difficulties and armed conflict .
1	He is the founder of `` Winning at Home Inc . ``	Dan Seaborn is a traveling non-denominational Christian evangelist and self-proclaimed marriage and family expert .	, a ministry that focuses its attention on the relationships between a husband and wife and parents to their children .	Seaborn speaks throughout the United States and has been a staple speaker for Promise Keepers men 's events for the last half-decade .	Seaborn is also a published author with seven books released to date .
4	Both the Maunder and Spörer minima fell during the coldest parts of the Little Ice Age , which suggested a meaningful connection between the longer term behavior of the Sun and of the Earth ’ s mean surface temperature .	John Allen `` Jack `` Eddy ( March 25 , 1931 – June 10 , 2009 ) was an American astronomer who published professionally under the name John A. Eddy but much of the content referencing him can be found under his nickname Jack which he preferred to use .	In 1976 Dr. Eddy published a landmark paper in Science titled `` The Maunder Minimum `` where , using the Nineteenth Century works of Edward W. Maunder and Gustav Spörer , he identified a 70-year period from 1645 to 1715 as a time when solar activity all but stopped .	In making the case for the anomaly , he gathered and interpreted data from a wide variety of sources , including first-hand accounts from extant historical observations of the Sun going back to the telescopic observations of Galileo and other contemporary scientists of the 17th and early 18th centuries ; from historical reports of the aurora borealis observed in past centuries in Europe and the New World ; from visual observations of sunspots seen with the unaided eye at sunrise and sunset in dynastic records from the Orient ; from existing descriptions of the eclipsed Sun ; and from measurements of carbon-14 in dated tree-rings .	In the last of these , which can be used as a proxy indicator of solar activity , he found evidence of other similar periods of solar quiescence in the distant past , the most recent an even longer 90-year span , from about 1460 until 1550 , which he named the Spörer Minimum .
2	Teams may be promoted to Intermediate Division Two of the Surrey South Eastern Combination .	The Wimbledon and District Football League is an English regional football league that comprises teams mainly from within the Greater / South East London boundaries .	It currently has four divisions , the highest of which , the Premier Division , is situated at the 14th level of the English football league system .	The teams in the league have the opportunity to take part in as many as eight different cup competitions : the London FA Junior Cup , the Surrey FA Junior Cup , the Surrey County Cup Lower Junior , the Middlesex FA Junior Cup , the Invitation Cup , the Centenary Cup ( Section A and Section B ) and the Wimbledon Trophy .	For the start of the 2015-16 season the league has 40 teams in four divisions .
2	The company 's legal headquarters are located in the Shell Tower in Calgary , Alberta .	Albian Sands Energy Inc. is the operator of the Muskeg River Mine , an oil sands mining project located north of Fort McMurray , Alberta , Canada .	It is a joint venture between Shell Canada ( 60 % ) , Marathon Oil Canada ( 20 % ) and Chevron Canada ( 20 % ) .	Albian Sands got its name from the Albian Boreal Sea which , during the Albian stage of the Cretaceous ( over 100 million years ago ) , moved over the McMurray sands and deposited a blanket of marine shale on its floor which trapped the hydrocarbons of the McMurray Formation .	The oil sands resources of the Muskeg River Mine are a legacy of the Albian Sea .
1	He was the son of Gadareiks and the fifth generation since Berig settled with his people in Gothiscandza .	Filimer was an early Gothic king , according to Jordanes .	When the Gothic nation had multiplied Filimer decided to move his people to Scythia where they defeated the Sarmatians .	They then named their new territory `` Oium `` , meaning `` in the waterlands `` .	This migration would have taken place about 230 years before Jordanes wrote his `` `` Origin of the Goths `` `` .
4	In the original novels her name was just George , named for her grandfather , with , depending on the ghostwriter , a chain of either boys or girls ahead of her . )	Georgia `` George `` Fayne is a character in the popular `` Nancy Drew Mystery Stories `` series .	She is one of Nancy 's best friends and cousin of Bess Marvin .	Her real name is Georgia , although no one calls her that except her parents .	( This is a change made in the 1980s ; one volume , `` The Clue in the Old Stagecoach `` in 1960 , mentioned her real name as Georgia on the title page , but this was altered after the first few printings .
1	In 1996 , Lindsay McDougall joined the line-up on lead guitar and backing vocals .	Frenzal Rhomb is an Australian punk rock band that formed in 1992 , with Jason Whalley on lead vocals and rhythm guitar during this entire period .	Two of the group 's albums have entered the top 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart : `` A Man 's Not a Camel `` ( 1999 ) and `` Smoko At The Pet Food Factory `` ( 2011 ) .	The group has supported Australian tours by The Offspring , Bad Religion , NOFX , and Blink-182 .	Frenzal Rhomb have also toured in the United States ( US ) , United Kingdom ( UK ) , Canada , Japan , South Africa , Israel and Taiwan .
2	The match was played on 30 May 2015 and was the final match of the competition .	The 2015 FA Cup Final was the 134th final of the FA Cup , the world 's oldest football cup competition .	The match was contested by Arsenal and Aston Villa at Wembley Stadium in London .	Arsenal won the match 4 – 0 with goals from Theo Walcott , Alexis Sánchez , Per Mertesacker and Olivier Giroud , for a record 12th title .	This was the sixth FA Cup win for manager Arsène Wenger , putting him in joint-first place for wins with George Ramsay .
1	Like every standard-issue coin in Thailand , its obverse features King Bhumibol Adulyadej .	The Thailand ten-baht coin is a currency unit of the Thai baht .	Its reverse features Wat Arun Ratchawararam Ratchawora Mahavihara seen from the Chao Phraya River .	Raised dots corresponding to Braille cell dot 1 and dots 2-4-5 , which correspond to the number 10 , are at the 12 o 'clock position on the reverse of the standard-issue 10-baht coin .	Braille enumeration does not appear on coins of other denominations , nor on ten-baht coins frequently issued as commemorative coins ( for example , the 50th and 60th Anniversary of Accession to the Throne of King Bhumibol Adulyadej . )
2	In 2001 , he ran as an independent candidate in the riding of Banff-Cochrane .	Cory Morgan ( born 1971 in Red Deer , Alberta ) is a blogger in Alberta , Canada .	He was one of the founders of the Alberta Independence Party in 2000 .	Following the dissolution of the AIP at the end of 2000 , Morgan joined the Separation Party of Alberta .	He was the SPA 's candidate in Highwood in the provincial election of 2004 .
1	They are a response to continuing criticism that the non-reciprocal and discriminating preferential trade agreements offered by the EU are incompatible with WTO rules .	Economic Partnership Agreements are a scheme to create a free trade area ( FTA ) between the European Union and the African , Caribbean and Pacific Group of States ( ACP ) .	The EPAs date back to the signing of the Cotonou Agreement .	The EPAs with the different regions are at different states of play .	In 2016 , EPAs with three African Regional Economic Communities ( East African Community , Economic Community of West African States and Southern African Development Community ) were to be signed but faced challenges .
2	Little remains of the original structure and it was completely rebuilt in the late sixteenth century .	Sker House is a historical building in Wales .	Originally built as a monastic grange of the Cistercian order over 900 years ago , it is situated just outside the village of Kenfig , near Bridgend .	Its residential form appears to have been determined by the preceding monastic grange .	The house was made famous as the basis of R. D. Blackmore 's book `` The Maid of Sker `` .
1	Found only in the Cordillera Oriental of Ecuador , a mountain range , it lives in forests and grasslands at above sea level .	Thomasomys ucucha , also known as the ucucha thomasomys , is a rodent in the genus `` Thomasomys `` of the family Cricetidae .	It may occur with seven other species of `` Thomasomys `` .	First collected in 1903 , `` Thomasomys ucucha `` was formally described in 2003 and most closely resembles `` T. hylophilus `` , which occurs further to the north .	Habitat destruction may threaten `` T. ucucha `` , so that it is listed as `` Vulnerable `` on the IUCN Red List .
4	It reached No .	Dreams is the debut album by Evermore , released on 27 September 2004 in Australia , 8 October 2004 in New Zealand and 23 May 2006 in the US .	The album peaked at No .	15 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart , and received platinum accreditation in 2005 .	The album was nominated for four ARIA Music Awards in 2005 .
3	Following cancellation , two leftover Calebs were used in the Satellite Interceptor Program , or SIP , whilst three more were used as sounding rocktets , under the designation Hi-Hoe .	The NOTS-EV-2 Caleb , also known as NOTS-500 , Hi-Hoe and SIP was an expendable launch system , which was later used as a sounding rocket and prototype anti-satellite weapon .	It was developed by the United States Navy 's Naval Ordnance Test Station ( NOTS ) as a follow-up to the NOTS-EV-1 Pilot , which had been abandoned following ten consecutive launch failures .	Two were launched in July and October 1960 , before the cancellation of the project .	These derivatives flew until July 1962 , when the Hi-Hoe made its final flight .
2	Kar Seva is also performed further by offering service for a religious cause , often for constructing a place of worship serving the One Creator .	Kar seva is one of the main teachings of Sikhism which means selfless service of others .	A tradition set fourth with the clear understanding that there is God within all of us ; thus by serving humanity you are serving Gods creation .	A volunteer for `` kar seva `` is called a kar sevak .	Historically , `` kar seva `` is a Sikh tradition .
2	The census definition of the area may not precisely correspond to local understanding of the area with the same name .	Marion is an unincorporated community in Marion County , Oregon , United States .	For statistical purposes , the United States Census Bureau has defined Marion as a census-designated place ( CDP ) .	The population was 313 at the 2010 census .	Marion is part of the Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area .
3	Swishing is now being more widely practiced throughout the world and has evolved to include other items such as books and furniture .	Swishing refers to swapping an item or items of clothing or shoes or an accessory with friends or acquaintances .	Parties must willingly give an item to participate in the transaction , once they have given an item they are free to choose something of interest from what others have offered .	Value does not come into the equation , as swappers do not necessarily get an item of equal value and are free to choose anything that the other person if offering ( without having to pay ) .	Not only do people hold ' swishing parties ' either as a charity event or simply for the enjoyment of it ( while recycling and saving money at the same time ) , but there are several websites where online swishes take place .
1	He graduated from the Technical University of Iasi in 1959 .	Cristache Gheorghiu ( ; born May 2 , 1937 ) is a writer and painter , born in Romania and settled in Greece .	In literature , he is best known as an essayist .	An engineer by profession , he is mentioned in `` The History of Science in Romania `` , published by the Romanian Academy , for his scientific researches at the chapter “ Cybernetics `` ( pg .	105 ) .
0	Yamishibai : Japanese Ghost Stories also known in Japan as and Theater of Darkness is a 2013 Japanese animated series .	The first season was directed by Tomoya Takashima , with scripts written by Hiromu Kumamoto and produced by ILCA .	Each episode was animated in such a way so as to mimic the kamishibai method of story-telling .	The series is organized into a collection of shorts with each episode being only a few minutes in length .	Each episode features a different tale based on myths and urban legends of Japanese origin .
2	Eade 's novels are unique , in that they are based on solid research and current events that affect our daily lives .	Kenneth Gordon Eade ( born December 29 , 1957 ) is an American environmental and political activist and author , best known for his political and legal thrillers .	He has been described by critics as , `` one of our strongest thriller writers on the scene and the fact that he draws his stories from the contemporary philosophical landscape is very much to his credit . ``	They are entertaining , but also educate readers about their civil liberties .	Eade 's first novel , An Involuntary Spy shed light on the dark subject of genetically engineered foods and was acclaimed as the novel which just may break the real life controversy over GMO foods right open .
0	WYXL ( 97.3 MHz , `` Lite Rock 97.3 `` ) is a radio station in Ithaca , New York that programs an adult contemporary format .	The station has been owned by Saga Communications since 2005 .	It is co-owned with WHCU , WQNY , WIII , and WNYY .	It is known as `` Lite Rock 97.3 . ``	It was known as just `` Lite 97 `` for at least two decades .
1	20 , is an early work of the Russian composer Alexander Scriabin ( 1872 – 1915 ) .	The Piano Concerto in F sharp minor , Op .	Written in 1896 , when he was 24 , it was his first work for orchestra and the only concerto he composed .	Scriabin completed the concerto in only a few days in the fall of 1896 , but did not finish the orchestration until the following May .	It premiered on October 23 , 1897 .
1	She is best known as the runner-up of the third season of RuPaul 's Drag Race .	Manila Luzon ( born Karl Philip Michael Westerberg ; August 10 , 1981 ) is an American drag queen and reality television personality .	Her name is a play on words of the capital city ( Manila ) and the largest island ( Luzon ) of the Philippines , where her mother was born .	Her father is an American of German and Swedish ancestry .	Luzon is a native of Minnesota and resides in Los Angeles .
4	The film received mostly negative reviews .	Man and Boy is a 1971 American adventure drama film directed by E.W .	Swackhamer and starring Bill Cosby , Gloria Foster and George Spell .	The film was shot at Southwestern Studios in Carefree , Arizona .	The title song was performed by Bill Withers .
3	The stones , which were said to have been quarried on this farm , are of various sizes and shapes and are laid in courses .	The Nathaniel Butterworth House is a historic residence located north of Andrew , Iowa , United States .	It is one of over 217 limestone structures in Jackson County from the mid-19th century , of which 101 are houses .	The Butterworth house features a five bay symmetrical facade capped by a gable roof .	Unlike many of the stone houses in Jackson County , the Butterworth house makes use of Classical entablature and pilasters around the transom and the sidelights of the main entry .
3	Historically , it was held that most intentional wrongdoings were not in the course of ordinary employment , but recent case law suggests that where an action is closely connected with an employee 's duties , an employer can be found vicariously liable .	Vicarious liability in English law is a doctrine of English tort law that imposes strict liability on employers for the wrongdoings of their employees .	Generally , an employer will be held liable for any tort committed while an employee is conducting their duties .	This liability has expanded in recent years following the decision in `` Lister v Hesley Hall Ltd `` to better cover intentional torts , such as sexual assault and deceit .	The leading case is now the Supreme Court decision in `` Catholic Child Welfare Society v Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools `` , which emphasised the concept of `` enterprise risk `` .
3	The German word `` `` geil `` `` is used in this context to mean `` cool `` or `` awesome `` , but translates literally as `` horny `` .	Bruce and Bongo were a 1980s Germany-based duo consisting of Bruce Hammond Earlam ( born 13 January 1955 ) and Douglas Wilgrove ( born 19 March 1955 ) , both from Britain .	The pair are best known internationally for their 1986 hit `` Geil `` , which was an immediate hit in Germany , and spending four weeks at No .	1 there .	The song charted in several countries around Europe .
0	The Street is a novel published in 1946 by African-American writer Ann Petry .	Set in World War II era Harlem , it centers on the life of Lutie Johnson .	Petry 's novel is a commentary on the social injustices that confronted her character , Lutie Johnson , as a single black mother in this time period .	Lutie is confronted by racism , sexism , and classism on a daily basis in her pursuit of the American dream for herself and her son , Bub .	Lutie fully subscribes to the belief that if she follows the adages of Benjamin Franklin by working hard and saving wisely , she will be able to achieve the dream of being financially independent and move from the tenement in which she lives on 116th Street .
0	The Princeton Tigers women 's basketball team is the intercollegiate women 's basketball program representing Princeton University .	The school competes in the Ivy League in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) .	The Tigers play home basketball games at the Jadwin Gymnasium in Princeton , New Jersey on the university campus .	Princeton has won twelve Ivy League championships and has made six appearances in the NCAA Women 's Division I Basketball Championship .	The team is currently coached by Courtney Banghart , who ended her tenth year .
2	The principal launch is from London , United Kingdom , with subsidiary starting points in the Czech Republic .	The Mongol Rally is a car rally that begins in Europe and originally ended in Ulan Bator , Mongolia .	To avoid punitive costs and taxes associated with vehicle imports and disposal , the rally now passes through Mongolia and ends in Ulan Ude , Russia .	It is described as the `` greatest adventure in the world `` .	There are three fundamental Rules of the Rally :
3	It is extremely important in detoxification since hydroxylation converts lipophilic compounds into water-soluble ( hydrophilic ) products that are more readily removed by the kidneys or liver and excreted .	Hydroxylation is a chemical process that introduces a hydroxyl group ( -OH ) into an organic compound .	In biochemistry , hydroxylation reactions are often facilitated by enzymes called hydroxylases .	Hydroxylation is the first step in the oxidative degradation of organic compounds in air .	Some drugs ( for example , steroids ) are activated or deactivated by hydroxylation .
4	The adaptation aired on Japan 's NHK BS2 satellite channel in early 2000 .	`` The Candidate for Goddess `` was serialized in the monthly Wani Books magazine `` Comic Gum `` .	A total of 26 chapters were collected in five `` tankōbon `` ( volumes ) and released between 1997 and 2001 .	The manga was later translated into English and published in North America by Tokyopop and in Australian and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment . ``	The Candidate for Goddess `` was adapted into a 12-episode anime series directed by Mitsuru Hongo and produced by Xebec , a subsidiary of Production I.G .
0	Gerald William Heaney ( January 29 , 1918 – June 22 , 2010 ) served for nearly forty years as a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit , from his appointment by President Lyndon B. Johnson in November 1966 until his full retirement in August 2006 .	Heaney ’ s career in public service began in 1941 , upon graduation from law school .	He soon enlisted in the United States Army , volunteered for the U.S. Rangers , and soon became a second lieutenant in the 2nd Ranger Battalion .	Heaney ’ s endurance as a judge was foretold by his endurance as a Ranger ; of the hundreds of members of the Second Ranger Battalion who landed at Normandy on the early hours of D-Day , Heaney was one of only three still on the front lines with the Rangers on VE Day .	Between the end of World War II and his appointment to the federal bench , he rewrote the Free State of Bavaria ’ s labor laws , and was a valued political advisor and organizer for several liberal Democratic politicians , including Hubert Humphrey , Adlai Stevenson , Orville Freeman , Eugene McCarthy , and Walter Mondale .
0	The Albert G. Henry Jr .	House is a historic residence in Guntersville , Alabama .	It was built in 1895 by Albert G. Henry Jr .	, a prominent merchant in the town .	Henry 's grandfather came to Marshall County in 1828 , establishing a mercantile business along the Tennessee River .
1	It continues through Sweden as the Norway / Vänern Line .	The Østfold Line ( ) is a railway line which runs from Oslo through the western parts of Follo and Østfold to Kornsjø in Norway .	The northern half is double track and the entire line is electrified .	It serves a combination of commuter , regional and freight trains and is the main rail corridor south of Norway .	The Eastern Østfold Line branches off at Ski Station and runs before rejoining at Sarpsborg Station .
4	The economy is based on agriculture , with para rubber as the principal crop , and tourism .	Bueng Kan ( ) is a township ( `` Thesaban Tambon `` ) in Mueang Bueng Kan District , in Bueng Kan Province , far northeastern Thailand .	It is the district capital and is on the Mekong River , opposite the Laotian town of Pakxan of Bolikhamsai Province .	As of 2010 , it had a population of 9,712 people and has jurisdiction over 11 villages .	It lies at the junction of Highways 212 and 222 , 136 kilometres northeast of Nong Khai and 750 kilometres northeast of Bangkok .
1	The album was released on March 20 , 2012 .	The General Strike is Anti-Flag 's eighth studio album .	The album marks the band 's second release for SideOneDummy Records .	The first single from the album , `` The Neoliberal Anthem `` was released to the band 's Facebook page in January 2012 .	The band released a music video for single `` This is the New Sound `` on March 27 , 2012 .
1	It was created on 11 February 1662 for John Osborne , subsequently Remembrancer to the Treasury from 1674 to 1698 .	The Osborne , later Osborn Baronetcy , of Chicksands in the County of Bedford , is a title in the Baronetage of England .	The baronetcy was in recognition of the sufferings the family had suffered for its support of Charles I. Osborn was the son of Sir Peter Osborne , Governor of Guernsey , great-grandson of Peter Osborne , who acquired the family seat of Chicksands Priory in 1576 and was Remembrancer of the Treasury to Henry VIII , Keeper of the Privy Purse to Edward VI and Commissioner of Ecclesiastical Affairs to Elizabeth I .	The third Baronet was the son of John Osborn , eldest son of the second Baronet , who altered the spelling of the family surname to Osborn to avoid confusion with the family of the Duke of Leeds .	The third Baronet was Governor of New York and Member of Parliament for Bedfordshire .
4	Terrell Brandon was the team 's leading scorer and was selected for the 1996 NBA All-Star Game .	The 1995 – 96 NBA season was the 26th season of the National Basketball Association in Cleveland , Ohio .	During the offseason , the Cavaliers acquired three-point specialist All-Star Dan Majerle from the Phoenix Suns .	After the first two games , Tyrone Hill was seriously injured in an automobile accident and missed 38 games , as the Cavs struggled losing their first seven games of the season .	However , Hill returned in the second half of the season playing off the bench , as the Cavaliers played above .500 along the way posting a 10 – 2 record in February , finishing 3rd in the Central Division with a 47 – 35 record .
4	He also plays in the band Cellular Chaos , his first foray into rock drumming .	Marc Edwards is a free jazz drummer who has played and recorded with artists such as Cecil Taylor , Charles Gayle , and David S. Ware .	His influences include Charlie Parker and Buddy Rich .	He is currently playing with a project with Weasel Walter , and with his own group , Marc Edwards Slipstream Time Travel , an afrofuturistic free jazz ensemble .	Many of his solo works have a science fiction theme .
3	Frank authored the textbook `` Strategic Management .	Frank T. Rothaermel is a professor in the Scheller College of Business at the Georgia Institute of Technology and an Alfred P. Sloan Industry Studies Fellow .	He holds the Russell and Nancy McDonough Chair of Business and received a National Science Foundation CAREER Award which `` is a Foundation-wide activity that offers the National Science Foundation 's most prestigious awards in support of the early career-development activities of those teacher-scholars who most effectively integrate research and education within the context of the mission of their organization . ``	Frank is also the area coordinator for Strategic Management at the Scheller College of Business .	Concepts & Cases `` published by McGraw-Hill .
4	While in Sweden he began his collaboration with American double bassist Red Mitchell .	Rudy Linka ( born 29 May 1960 in Prague ) is a Czech-American jazz guitarist .	He studied classical guitar as a teenager at the Prague Conservatory and learned jazz through his mentor , Karel Velebný .	After travelling to Germany in 1980 he defected to the West in Sweden .	In the first half of the 1980s , he studied composition and classical guitar at the `` Stockholm Music Institute `` .
0	`` Army of Lovers `` is the debut single from Blue member Lee Ryan 's debut solo album , `` Lee Ryan `` .	The single was released on 24 July 2005 .	The song peaked at # 3 on the UK Singles Chart .	The song also achieved success worldwide , reaching # 1 in Italy and staying there for four weeks .	Although his highest selling single to date , it is his least critically acclaimed .
0	An agglutinin is a substance that causes particles to coagulate to form a thickened mass .	Agglutinins can be antibodies that cause antigens to aggregate by binding to the antigen-binding sites of antibodies .	Agglutinins can also be any substance other than antibodies such as sugar-binding protein lectins .	Agglutinins work by clumping on particles causing the particles to change from fluid-like state to thickened-mass state .	When an agglutinin is added to a uniform suspension of particles such as bacteria or blood , agglutinin binds to the agglutinin-specific structure on the particle causing the particles to aggregate and fall to the bottom leaving a clear suspension .
2	( Xinying , 桂林鑫鹰电子科技有限公司 ) , some of which have since entered service with various Chinese military , paramilitary and law enforcement establishments .	Xinying Contingency Responder ( Ying-Ji-Zhe or Yingjizhe , 应急者 ) is the name of a family of Chinese UAVs developed by Guilin Xinying Electronic Science & Technology Co .	, Ltd .	In addition , some of models have also been exported abroad to unnamed customer ( s ) under other the name of other firms .	As with all other UAVs of Xinying , Contingency Responder series UAV is also jointly developed by Xinying and Guilin University of Aerospace Technology ( GLCAT , 桂林航天工业学院 ) .
3	She has also appeared on the Lifetime film and web series `` Inspector Mom `` .	Stephanie Young Brehm ( born April 3 , 1973 ) is an American actress primarily known for her voice-over work in English-language dubs for Japanese anime .	Her best-known roles include Nico Robin in `` One Piece `` , Lizbell in `` Casshern Sins `` , Clare in `` Claymore `` and Olivier Armstrong in `` Fullmetal Alchemist `` .	Young graduated from Baylor University with a degree in theatre performance and was nominated twice for the Dallas Theatre League 's Leon Rabin Award .	Stephanie is the singer for the Dallas Jazz band , The Brehms .
3	Buscemi provides the voice of Randall Boggs in the `` Monsters , Inc . ``	Steven Vincent Buscemi ( ; born December 13 , 1957 ) is an American actor and film director .	Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including `` Parting Glances `` , `` New York Stories `` , `` Mystery Train `` , `` Reservoir Dogs `` , `` Desperado `` , `` Con Air `` , `` Armageddon `` , `` The Grey Zone `` , `` Ghost World `` , `` Big Fish `` , and `` The Sopranos `` .	He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : `` Miller 's Crossing `` , `` Barton Fink `` , `` The Hudsucker Proxy `` , `` Fargo `` , and `` The Big Lebowski `` .	franchise .
4	He released his self-titled debut studio album in November 2013 .	James Andrew Arthur ( born 2 March 1988 ) is a British singer and songwriter who won the ninth series of `` The X Factor `` in 2012 .	His debut single , `` Impossible `` , was released by Syco Music after the final and debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart in its first week of release .	Since then , it has gone on to sell over 1.4 million copies in the UK , making it the most successful winner 's single in the show 's history and has sold over 2.5 million copies worldwide .	The follow-up single `` You 're Nobody ' til Somebody Loves You `` reached number 2 on the UK Singles Chart .
4	This characterization is , however , limited to older neighbourhoods close to the sea coast as new areas to the west , like Kilpauk , Anna Nagar and Ambattur have good standards of living and acquired desirability as residential areas .	North Chennai is a geographic term used to refer to the northern part of Chennai city .	Though its definition has varied with time and context , it is generally accepted among historians that North Chennai is used for the part of Chennai city situated north of the Coovum River .	Encompassing the Fort St George and Georgetown areas from which the city originated , North Chennai is generally considered an area of stagnant growth that has already reached saturation as a real estate choice .	The area is generally notorious for its thick population , narrow roads , poor infrastructure , and high incidence of crime .
4	Two years later , GamesFirst purchased the intellectual property and made the game free to play .	Fallen Earth is a free-to-play MMO developed by Reloaded Productions ( formerly by North Carolina-based Icarus Studios and Fallen Earth ) .	The game takes place in a post-apocalyptic wasteland located around the American Grand Canyon .	Fallen Earth 's gameplay features FPS / RPG hybridization , first-person / third person views , hundreds of items , including improvised equipment and weapons , a variety of functional vehicles , a real-time , in-depth crafting system ( which includes vehicles ) , various skills and abilities , factions and tactical PvP , all existing within 1000 square kilometers of usable terrain based on real-world topographical maps of the area .	The game was released on September 22 , 2009 .
2	Although the airport is in Morris County , most of Herington is located in Dickinson County .	Herington Regional Airport is a public use airport in Morris County , Kansas , United States .	The airport is owned by the City of Herington and is located seven nautical miles ( 8 mi , 13 km ) northeast of its central business district .	Previously known as Herington Municipal Airport , the airport is located on the site of the former Herington Army Airfield .	This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011 – 2015 , which categorized it as a `` general aviation `` facility .
3	The administrative center of the canton is the town of Afrin .	Afrin Canton ( , , ) is the westernmost of the four cantons of Rojava .	It was declared autonomous in January 2014 .	The canton was established on Afrin District of the Aleppo Governorate of Syria .	The prime minister of Afrin Canton is Hevi Ibrahim .
3	For more than 20 years , he has worked in the `` Center of Memory `` of the Biochemistry Department of the Health Basic Sciences Institute ( ICBS ) at the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul ( UFRGS ) , where he has had an enormous influence on young scientists : he has trained 42 Ph.D. students , most of whom hold academic research positions in universities in Brazil and elsewhere .	Ivan Antonio Izquierdo ( born 1937 ) is an Argentine Brazilian scientist and a pioneer in the study of the neurobiology of learning and memory .	Born in 1937 in Buenos Aires , Argentina , Izquierdo has graduated in Medicine ( 1961 ) and completed his Ph.D. in Pharmacology ( 1962 ) , both in the University of Buenos Aires ( UBA ) .	For nearly a decade , Izquierdo taught at National University of Cordoba ( UNC ) , in Argentina , but , due to a number of reasons , both political ( the Argentinian dictatorship ) and personal ( his wife , Ivone , is Brazilian ) , he moved to Brazil in the beginning of the 1970s , and has lived in Porto Alegre since 1978 .	Recently , he moved to the ( ) where he continues with his research .
0	Review is the first greatest hits album from the Japanese rock band , Glay .	It was released on October 10 , 1997 , and this album contains Glay 's most popular singles and tracks from their 1994 album `` Hai to Diamond `` to their 1996 album `` Beloved `` .	The album sold over 2,003,000 copies in the first week of the release , debuting at the number-one position on the Japanese Oricon weekly charts .	It remained for five consecutive weeks at the top of Oricon charts .	It became the third best-selling album in Japanese history , with more than 4,870,000 copies sold .
3	They finished the season 19-13 , 8-8 in Big East play .	The 2004 – 05 Georgetown Hoyas men 's basketball team represented Georgetown University in the 2004 – 2005 NCAA Division I basketball season .	The Hoyas were coached by John Thompson III – his first year at Georgetown – and played their home games at the MCI Center in Washington , DC .	The Hoyas are members of the Big East Conference .	They advanced to the quarterfinals of the 2005 Big East Men 's Basketball Tournament before losing to Connecticut They played in the 2005 National Invitation Tournament and advanced to the quarterfinals before losing to South Carolina .
4	Vindex `` was transferred to the Mediterranean in 1918 and was sold back to her original owners in 1920 .	HMS `` Vindex `` was a Royal Navy seaplane carrier during the First World War .	The ship spent the bulk of her career operating the North Sea , where she twice unsuccessfully attacked the German Zeppelin base at Tondern and conducted anti-Zeppelin patrols .	One of her Bristol Scout aircraft made the first take-off from an aircraft carrier in late 1915 .	Another made the first interception of an airship by a carrier-based aircraft on 2 August 1916 , when it unsuccessfully attacked the Zeppelin LZ17 . ``
3	The ocellated electric ray is named for the distinctive large eyespot on the middle of its disc , consisting of a black or yellow center surrounded by concentric rings .	The ocellated electric ray or bullseye electric ray ( `` Diplobatis ommata `` ) is a species of electric ray in the family Narcinidae , native to the shallow inshore waters of the eastern central Pacific from the Gulf of California to Ecuador .	Reaching in length , this species has a rounded pectoral fin disc and pelvic fins with convex margins .	Its short and thick tail bears two dorsal fins and terminates in a triangular caudal fin .	Its dorsal coloration is otherwise highly variable , ranging from plain to ornately patterned on a light to dark brown background .
0	State Highway NASA Road 1 ( also NASA Parkway and NASA Road 1 ) is an east – west state highway that runs from Interstate 45 in Webster to State Highway 146 in Seabrook .	The route is a 6-lane to 8-lane divided highway for most of its length .	A Portion of the route is a 4-lane controlled access highway that bypasses the central businesses of Webster .	The highway is the main route to NASA 's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center .	It is one of only two Texas highways with an official designation beginning with a letter ; the other is State Highway OSR .
1	The U of S is the largest education institution in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .	Rugby Chapel is a municipal historic site which is part of the University of Saskatchewan ( U of S ) .	The University of Saskatchewan location next to the South Saskatchewan River was across from the city centre of Saskatoon .	In 1879 , the Rt .	Rev .
3	Roman concrete is durable due to its incorporation of volcanic ash , which prevents cracks from spreading .	Roman concrete , also called opus caementicium , was a material used in construction during the late Roman Republic until the fading of the Roman Empire .	Roman concrete was based on a hydraulic-setting cement .	Recently , it has been found that it materially differs in several ways from modern concrete which is based on Portland cement .	By the middle of the 1st century , the material was used frequently , often brick-faced , although variations in aggregate allowed different arrangements of materials .
4	Calibato has an area of and maximum depth of .	Lake Calibato is one of the seven crater lakes collectively called `` Pitong Lawa `` or Seven Lakes of San Pablo in Laguna province in the Philippines .	The lake is situated in Brgy .	Sto .	Angel in San Pablo City .
0	Pillars of Creation is a photograph taken by the Hubble Space Telescope of elephant trunks of interstellar gas and dust in the Eagle Nebula , some 6,500-7,000 light years from Earth .	They are so named because the gas and dust are in the process of creating new stars , while also being eroded by the light from nearby stars that have recently formed .	Taken on April 1 , 1995 , it was named one of the top ten photographs from Hubble by Space.com .	The astronomers responsible for the photo were Jeff Hester and Paul Scowen from Arizona State University .	In 2011 , the region was re-photographed by ESA 's Herschel Space Observatory .
4	A second series began airing in February 2012 .	Big Fat Gypsy Weddings is a British documentary series broadcast on Channel 4 , that explored the lives and traditions of several Irish Traveller families as they prepared to unite one of their members in marriage .	The series also featured Romanichal ( British Gypsies ) in several episodes , and has been criticised by some Romani for not accurately representing England ’ s Romani and Travelling community .	It was first broadcast in February 2010 as a one-off documentary called `` My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding `` , filmed as part of the Cutting Edge series and voted Most Groundbreaking Show in the Cultural Diversity Awards 2010 .	A series of 5 episodes were later commissioned , and the series first aired in January 2011 .
3	Household archaeology focuses on the household as a social unit , and involves research on the household 's dwelling and other related architecture , material culture , features , and larger sociopolitical organizations that are associated with a specific culture .	Household archaeology has a long history of anthropological inquiry .	Archaeological investigations of the household serve as a microcosm for the greater social universe .	The household serves as a space for socialization processes .	Household social relationships have been associated as serving as an `` atom `` for society .
2	Several award winning composers have their music published by EMF .	Editions Musica Ferrum is a music publishing company .	Focussing on contemporary music , it has published over 80 scores , ranging from concert hall music for full orchestra to educational music for piano solo .	A possibly unique characteristic feature is the fact that the founder and director of this publishing house , Nikolas Sideris , is himself an award-winning composer `` Artiste en Herbs , 2013 , Luxembourg `` , where his `` Piano Stories `` won the first prize .	His beutifully illustrated `` Fairyland in Treble `` is among the best-selling of the publications .
1	Published three times a week on its own website , it features the fictional adventures of a character named Dr. McNinja , a thirty-five-year-old doctor who is also a ninja .	The Adventures of Dr. McNinja was a webcomic written and drawn by Christopher Hastings , and inked formerly by Kent Archer and after 2010 by Hastings himself .	Dr. McNinja is highly story-driven , with twenty- to ninety-page issues .	The first story was published in the summer of 2004 as a one-off , and the comic was published regularly from 2005-2017 .	The site also sells Dr. McNinja merchandise .
4	In 1998 , he was appointed assistant professor at the Institute for Dogmatic Theology in Vienna , Austria .	Roland Faber ( born 1960 ) is an author and Kilsby Family / John B. Cobb , Jr .	, Professor of Process Studies at Claremont School of Theology and Professor of Religion and Philosophy at Claremont Graduate University .	He is Executive Co-Director of the Center for Process Studies , Executive Director of the Whitehead Research Project in Claremont , California , and Editor of the Contemporary Whitehead Studies series .	Faber received a PhD in systematic theology from the University of Vienna in 1992 .
3	He served as a member of the Environmental and Progressive Caucus of the California Democratic Party , was a delegate to the California State Democratic Conventions from 1993 through 2010 and also served as an officer with the Native Sons of the Golden West .	Mark R. Shepherd ( December 5 , 1953 – April 17 , 2011 ) was an environmental consultant , politician , strategist and radio personality in California .	He was a Congressional Field Representative for California 's 46th Congressional District from May 2002 to October 2008 .	Active in Inland Empire Democratic Party politics , Shepherd was twice chairman of the San Bernardino County Democratic Central Committee .	In the 2000s , Shepherd worked as a consultant for The Nature Conservancy focusing on preservation of the Mojave Desert .
1	She is the 19-year-old daughter of a wealthy family .	Lucy Westenra is a fictional character in the novel `` Dracula `` ( 1897 ) by Bram Stoker .	Her father is mentioned in the novel when Mina says he was a sleepwalker and her elderly mother is simply stated as being Mrs. Westenra .	Lucy is introduced as Mina Murray 's best friend .	In the 1931 Universal production , she is called Lucy Weston .
0	National Solidarity Assembly is a political party in Trinidad and Tobago .	It is the political arm of the All Trinidad General Worker 's Trade Union .	Union President Nirvan Maharaj formed the NSA , and sits as interim political leader , after years of struggle , making representation to past government administrations , for the implementation of a court order for the effective honoring of V.S.E.P .	to the former worker 's of the Caroni ( 1975 ) ltd .	In frustration , due to their unresponsive and uncooperative stance , and the dire need , for better representation for the people of Trinidad & Tobago , a new political party was born at the Rienzi Complex , Couva .
0	Geneva Glen Camp is a co-educational , non-profit , residential summer camp located in Indian Hills , Colorado .	It was founded in 1922 at its current site .	The mission statement of the camp reads , `` The mission of Geneva Glen is to develop character , values and leadership , nurtured by a camp family that thrives on its diversity , friendships and meaningful traditions . ``	Geneva Glen is reputed for the high rate of return for its campers and staff .	Geneva Glen is committed to children coming home happy and full of wonderful memories .
0	Hot Water is the sixteenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett .	It was released in June 1988 as MCA 42093 and was produced by Coral Reefer Band members Michael Utley , Russell Kunkel , and Ralph MacDonald .	The album was Jimmy 's first album recorded at his new studio in Key West , FL called Shrimpboat Sound .	The LP continues Buffett 's use of a wide variety of musical instruments than was typical for Buffett 's earlier works , notably horns and percussion .	Jimmy Buffett shaved off his trademark mustache for the album .
1	It was built in 1883 as Browerville was springing up around a newly built railroad line .	The Kahlert Mercantile Store is a historic commercial building in Browerville , Minnesota , United States .	The simple wooden building with a false front contained retail space on the ground floor and a community meeting hall upstairs .	The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 for having local significance in the themes of commerce and exploration / settlement .	It was nominated for being a highly intact example of the vernacular commercial architecture erected in Minnesota 's railroad boomtowns .
3	Although Black Allan was supposed to be a trotter , he preferred to pace and so never raced .	Black Allan or Allan F-1 ( 18861910 ) was the foundation sire of the Tennessee Walking Horse .	He was out of a Morgan mare named Maggie Marshall and by Allendorf , a stallion descended from Hambletonian lines .	Black Allan was registered as No.7623 by the American Trotting Registry .	Besides the pace , he performed a lateral ambling gait now known as the running walk .
2	He was the production designer for the 22nd , 23rd , and 24th `` James Bond `` films : `` Quantum of Solace `` , `` Skyfall `` , and `` Spectre `` , which were released in 2008 , 2012 , and 2015 .	Dennis Gassner ( born October 22 , 1948 ) is an American production designer .	He is notable for his work in `` Bugsy `` , `` Road to Perdition `` , and `` Big Fish `` .	He has been nominated five times for the Academy Award for Best Production Design and has won once .	The films for which he received nominations are :
1	Founded in 1947 , NYSAIS is the second largest state association of independent schools in the United States .	The New York State Association of Independent Schools ( NYSAIS ) is an association of 194 independent schools , ranging from nurseries to high schools , in New York State .	In 2017 its member schools enrolled approximately 82,000 students .	It was established `` `` to protect independent schools from obstructive legislation and regulation `` `` .	NYSAIS accredits its member schools , provides professional development , and works with community leaders to support the needs and interests of independent schools throughout the state .
2	The track is written by drummer Roger Taylor and features all 3 members on vocal .	`` Say It 's Not True `` is the first studio single by Queen + Paul Rodgers , It was released on World AIDS Day 1 December 2007 .	The song was available as a free download from QueenOnline.com .	The song was performed live on the Queen + Paul Rodgers 2005 / 06 world tour , however the live rendition was acoustic and only featured Taylor on vocal .	When played on the Rock the Cosmos Tour , the song was sung by Taylor , May and Rodgers as on the single .
1	Its progenitor Đuraš Ilijić , was the `` head `` of `` Upper Zeta `` in the Serbian Kingdom and Empire ( r .	The Crnojević ( , Crnojevići / Црнојевићи ) was a medieval noble family that held `` Zeta `` , or parts of it ; a region north of Lake Skadar corresponding to southern Montenegro and northern Albania , from 1326 to 1362 , then 1403 until 1515 .	1326 – 1362 † ) , under Stephen Uroš III Dečanski , Dušan the Mighty and Uroš the Weak .	Đuraš was killed in 1362 by the Balšić family , the holders of `` Lower Zeta `` ( since 1360 ) ; Zeta was in the hands of the Balšići under nominal Imperial rule until 1421 , when Serbian Despot Stefan Lazarević was given the province by Balša III ( 1403 – 1421 ) .	The family fought its rivals following the murder of Đuraš , and the Crnojevićs controlled Budva from 1392 until 1396 , when Radič Crnojević was murdered by the Balšićs .
0	Robert Lemelson is a cultural anthropologist , ethnographic filmmaker and philanthropist .	Lemelson received his M.A .	from the University of Chicago and Ph.D. from the Department of Anthropology at the University of California , Los Angeles .	Lemelson 's area of specialty is transcultural psychiatry ; Southeast Asian Studies , particularly Indonesia ; and psychological and medical anthropology .	He currently is a research anthropologist in the Semel Institute of Neuroscience UCLA , and an adjunct professor of Anthropology at UCLA .
0	Regional Museum of Natural History , Bhopal , is a branch of the National Museum of Natural History , New Delhi , it is the center of an informal environment education , whose main purpose is to make people aware of environmental protection through various internal and external activities .	It is located in the Environment Complex in Bhopal .	The museum was inaugurated in the year 29 September 1997 , by the Minister of Environment and Forests of India , Saifuddin Soz , this program was chaired by the then Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh , Digvijay Singh .	This museum offers a unique opportunity to understand the biodiversity of Central India and the complex natural make-up surrounding it .	In the galleries located here , the exhibition has been displayed in collaboration with transcripts , translate and visual audio .
3	Catchwords appear in some medieval manuscripts , and appear again in printed books late in the fifteenth century .	A catchword is a word placed at the foot of a handwritten or printed page that is meant to be bound along with other pages in a book .	The word anticipates the first word of the following page .	It was meant to help the bookbinder or printer make sure that the leaves were bound in the right order or that the pages were set up in the press in the right order .	The practice became widespread in the mid sixteenth century , and prevailed until the arrival of industrial printing techniques late in the eighteenth century .
2	R1 transmissions have been used in the Ford Ranger , Explorer , Aerostar , and Bronco II .	The M5OD ( Manual 5-speed with Over Drive ) is a line of manual transmissions produced by Mazda and used in Mazda and Ford cars and trucks .	Two variants , light-duty `` R1 `` and medium duty `` R2 `` , are made .	R2 versions have been used in the F-150 , Econoline Van , full size Bronco , and the Cougar / Thunderbird with the supercharged V6 .	The M5OD ended production in December 2011 , being last used in the 2011 Ford Ranger .
0	Malina Moye ( born 1984 ) is an American singer-songwriter , lefty guitarist , and entrepreneur who fuses rock and soul .	Fender guitars recognizes Malina as one of their first African-American left-handed upside-down female endorsee to join the fender family .	She founded WCE Records in 2004 .	After releasing her single `` Girlfriend `` and cross-marketing it with her new calendar `` Spend 12 Months With Malina Moye : Hot Fun in California Sun , `` she caught the attention of critics alike , who dubbed Malina a `` Madonna-like ingénue of marketing `` .	This helped land her song , `` Girlfriend `` , on the R & B Hip-Hop Sales `` Billboard `` listing at number 43 for one week .
2	The Tubridys of Thomond are thought to have originated as scribes , as a sept of the Dál gCais , kindred to clans such as the O 'Brien , O 'Grady and MacNamara .	Tubridy ( ) , less commonly known as Tubrid and Tuberty , is a Gaelic Irish clan from Munster .	The sept is most common along the West Coast of County Clare , but has also had some presence in County Waterford and County Tipperary .	The name means `` descendant of Tiobraide `` , with the Gaelic language word `` tiobraid `` meaning `` a well `` .	Although to this day , Ireland remains the core location for the clan , it has also spread in diaspora to Great Britain , the United States , Australia , New Zealand and Canada since the 19th century .
0	Hiroshi Mikitani founded the company in February 1997 as MDM , Inc .	, and is still its chief executive .	started operations in May 1997 .	In June 1999 , the company changed its name to Rakuten , Inc .	The Japanese word `` rakuten `` means `` optimism `` .
2	The first song played was by The Rolling Stones .	Christopher Moore was a co-founder of the offshore pirate radio ship Radio Caroline , and the first voice to be heard on the air from that station .	His opening words were `` This is Radio Caroline on 199 , your all-day music station `` .	At its peak in 1967 , the station had 23 million listeners , and it revolutionized radio broadcasting in the UK .	In 1991 Moore was interviewed extensively in the BBC TV show A Pirate 's Tale , where he described his key role in detail .
1	He represented the electoral district of Nunatsiaq in the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1997 .	Jack Iyerak Anawak ( born September 26 , 1950 ) is a Canadian politician .	He sat in the house as a member of the Liberal Party of Canada .	Following his retirement from federal politics , he also served a term in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut after that territory was created in 1999 .	He ran as the New Democratic Party 's candidate for his old riding , now renamed Nunavut , in the 2015 election , but was defeated by Liberal candidate Hunter Tootoo .
4	The diameter of the stupa is 45 feet ( 14 m ) .	Lankarama is a stupa built by King Valagamba , in an ancient place at Galhebakada in the ancient kingdom of Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka .	Nothing is known about the ancient form of the stupa , and later this was renovated .	The ruins show that there are rows of stone pillars and it is no doubt that there has been a house built encircling the stupa ( vatadage ) to cover it .	The round courtyard of the stupa seems to be 10 feet ( 3 m ) above the ground .
4	It was certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for selling 210,000 copies .	`` She Looks So Perfect `` is a song by Australian band 5 Seconds of Summer , taken from their self-titled debut album , `` 5 Seconds of Summer `` ( 2014 ) .	The song was digitally released in Australia on 23 February 2014 and in Europe on 23 March 2014 through Capitol Records and Hi or Hey Records , as their debut single with a major record label .	The accompanying music video was released on 24 February 2014 .	The song peaked at number one in Australia , New Zealand , Ireland , Scotland and the United Kingdom .
2	Rick Hunter and Stepfanie Kramer as Sgt .	Hunter is an American crime drama created by Frank Lupo , which ran on NBC from 1984 to 1991 .	It starred Fred Dryer as Sgt .	Dee Dee McCall .	The title character Sgt .
0	Thesprotiko ( , `` Thesprotian `` ) is a village and a former municipality in the Preveza regional unit , Epirus , Greece .	Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Ziros , of which it is a municipal unit .	The municipal unit has an area of 131.823 km .	Population 4,075 ( 2011 ) .	The village was known as Lelova ( Λέλοβα ) until April 1 , 1927 when it adopted its current name .
1	The western terminus is at PA 44 in Coneville .	Pennsylvania Route 244 ( PA 244 ) is a state highway located in Potter County , Pennsylvania .	The eastern terminus is the New York state line in Genesee Township .	The route passes through rural areas , intersecting PA 449 in Genesee .	The route was paved in 1931 and designated by 1941 between PA 44 and PA 449 .
4	Through a collaboration among libraries , students and faculty of the University of ( UHCL ) , the University of ( UHD ) , and the University of have the ability to check out circulating volumes .	The University of Houston Libraries serves University of Houston ( UH ) students , faculty , staff and the scholarly community .	The MD Anderson Library is the general collection library of the University of Houston .	The UH Libraries includes three additional branches , all located on the UH campus .	Two other libraries , the Conrad N. Hilton Library and Archives and the John O 'Quinn Law Library , are managed and maintained by their home colleges .
2	1961 ) .	`` Flash of Two Worlds ! ``	is a landmark comic book story that was published in `` The Flash `` # 123 ( Sept .	It introduces Earth-Two , and more generally the concept of the multiverse , to DC Comics .	The story was written by Gardner Fox under the editorial guidance of Julius Schwartz ( whose subsequent autobiography was titled `` Man of Two Worlds `` ) , and illustrated by Carmine Infantino .
0	The Vocational Rehabilitation Act of 1973 Title V , was put in place to correct the problem of discrimination against people with disabilities in the United States .	Affirmative action programs were established in Title V , Sections 501 , 502 , 503 , and 504 .	Individuals who qualify as having a disability have experienced discrimination both because of negative attitudes in regard to their ability to be an effective employee , as well as the physical barriers at work facilities .	The Title V of the Vocational Rehabilitation Act requires private employers with federal contracts over $ 2,500 to take affirmative action to hire individuals with a mental or physical disability .	While this means that employers must make reasonable accommodations for disabled employees , it does not mean they must hire unqualified individuals .
3	At the same time , the consumer is consuming the data ( i.e .	In computing , the producer – consumer problem ( also known as the bounded-buffer problem ) is a classic example of a multi-process synchronization problem .	The problem describes two processes , the producer and the consumer , who share a common , fixed-size buffer used as a queue .	The producer 's job is to generate data , put it into the buffer , and start again .	, removing it from the buffer ) , one piece at a time .
0	Diaper Genie , a creation of entrepreneur John Hall , is a baby diaper disposal system .	The unit consists of a large plastic container with a plastic lid .	The system seals diapers individually in a scented film to protect against germs and odors .	By opening the lid on the top of the canister , a soiled diaper may be inserted into the `` mouth `` of the container .	After inserting the diaper , the lid is replaced and twisted three full rotations to seal the diaper inside .
1	She was the first dancer hired by the CBC for their first televised variety show , `` The Big Revue `` , and made regular appearances as a dancer and actor on many television shows in the first decade of Canadian broadcasting .	Lorraine Thomson is a Canadian dancer , television host , television producer and one of the co-founders , with Pierre Berton , of the ACTRA Awards .	She turned to radio hosting the 1960s , and then television hosting in the 1970s for CBC 's `` The Naked Mind `` , `` The Weaker ( ? )	Sex `` and `` V.I.P. ``	She was the one of the first women to produce variety shows on CBC , and for 18 years , she was the program coordinator for `` Front Page Challenge `` .
4	In the last 40 years numerous renowned researchers lived and worked at ZiF , among them the social scientist Norbert Elias and Nobel Laureates Reinhard Selten , John Charles Harsanyi , Roger B. Myerson and Elinor Ostrom .	The Center for Interdisciplinary Research ( ) is the Institute for Advanced Study ( IAS ) in Bielefeld University , Bielefeld , Germany .	Founded in 1968 , it was the first IAS in Germany and became a model for numerous similar institutes in Europe .	The ZiF promotes and provides premises for interdisciplinary and international research groups .	Scholars from all countries and all disciplines can carry out interdisciplinary research projects ranging from one-year research groups to short workshops .
0	Port Fourchon is Louisiana ’ s southernmost port , located on the southern tip of Lafourche Parish , Louisiana , on the Gulf of Mexico .	It is a sea port , with significant petroleum industry traffic from offshore Gulf oil platforms and drilling rigs as well as the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port pipeline .	Fourchon 's primary service markets are domestic deepwater oil and gas exploration , drilling , and production in the Gulf of Mexico .	Port Fourchon currently services over 90 % of the Gulf of Mexico 's deepwater oil production .	There are over 600 oil platforms within a 40-mile radius of Port Fourchon .
2	He performed the world 's first ovary and testicle transplants , created and popularized the microsurgical vasectomy reversal , and popularized ovarian tissue freezing to preserve female fertility .	Sherman J. Silber is physician specializing in the field of infertility .	He invented many of the infertility treatments in use today in the domain of IVF , sperm retrieval , ICSI , vasectomy reversal , tubal ligation reversal , egg and embryo freezing , ovary transplantation , and the reproductive biological clock .	He was the first to research the genetic causes of infertility in men , and developed the TESE-ICSI technique for extracting sperm from men with low or nonexistent sperm counts and direct injection of the sperm into the egg .	Additionally , Silber has studied fertility in animals and performed microscopic surgery on chimpanzees , South American bush dogs , Przewalski 's horse , gorillas , wolves , and other endangered species .
3	A live version of `` Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap `` was included on Nitocris ' 1995 `` Epic Voyage `` EP .	Fuse Box was an AC / DC tribute album released in Australia in 1995 by BMG .	The album compiled a selection of the country 's more prominent alternative rock artists from the period .	Most of these songs only appear on this album , with the exception of Ed Kuepper 's `` Highway to Hell `` , which he also recorded for his album `` A King in the Kindness Room `` .	The Meanies ' version of `` It 's a Long Way to the Top `` was released as a single , with a promotional video featuring the band playing on the back of a truck driving through the Melbourne CBD , an homage to the original clip .
3	Formed out of Thurston County on December 22 , 1852 , by the legislature of Oregon Territory , it was named for U.S. President Franklin Pierce .	Pierce County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington .	As of the 2010 Census , the population was 795,225 , making it the second-most populous county in Washington behind King County .	The county seat and largest city is Tacoma .	Pierce County is in the Seattle metropolitan area ( formally the Seattle-Tacoma-Bellevue , WA metropolitan statistical area ) .
3	It originally planned to adopt the euro on 1 January 2007 ; however , it did not formally apply when Slovenia did , and officially changed its target date to 1 January 2008 , and later , to 1 January 2011 .	Estonian euro coins entered circulation on 1 January 2011 .	Estonia is the fifth of ten states that joined the EU in 2004 , and the first ex-Soviet republic , to join the eurozone .	Of the ten new member states , Estonia was the first to unveil its design .	On 12 May 2010 the European Commission announced that Estonia had met all criteria to join the eurozone .
4	Franklin High School is part of the Franklin City Public Schools District .	Franklin High School is a public high school in Franklin , Virginia .	Franklin High School is part of the Franklin City Public Schools District .	FHS is a co-educational school serving grades 9-12 .	Franklin High School is a member of the Tri-Rivers District , Class A athletic conference .
0	Donna Baier Stein ( born January 5 , 1951 , in Kansas City , Missouri ) is an American author , poet , publisher , editor , and copywriter .	Baier Stein 's writing has appeared in Virginia Quarterly Review , Kansas Quarterly , New York Stories , Prairie Schooner , Washingtonian , as well as many other journals and anthologies from Simon & Schuster and The Spirit That Moves Us Press .	Her short story collection was a Finalist in the Iowa Fiction Awards and will be published , as `` Sympathetic People `` , in 2013 by Serving House Books .	She has received the PEN / New England Discovery Award for Fiction , a Johns Hopkins University Writing Seminars Fellowship , Bread Loaf Scholarship , a grant from the New Jersey Council of the Arts , prizes from the Poetry Council of Virginia , two Pushcart nominations , and an Honorable Mention in the 2013 Allen E. Ginsberg Poetry Awards .	Her poetry chapbook `` Sometimes You Sense the Difference `` was published in 2012 by Finishing Line Press .
0	Heinrich Theodore Heberlein Jr .	( 1843-1910 ) was a German violin maker from the Vogtland region that straddles modern day Germany and the Czech Republic .	He was the son of Carl August Heberlein ( 1805-1879 ) and the grandson of the founder of the family dynasty Johann Gottlob Heberlein ( 1782-1856 ) .	The Heberlein workshop was located in Markneukirchen .	He was possibly the first instrument maker to combine his craft with business savvy .
1	It was by far the largest in what was termed the `` Railbelt complex `` of fires , so named because they were all near the main route of the Alaska Railroad .	The Minto Flats South Fire was a large lightning-caused wildfire in Interior Alaska south of Fairbanks that ignited in late June 2009 .	By July 16 it had burned more than .	Alaska was experiencing an unusually hot and dry start to the summer season , which in turn led to a very active wildfire season .	By the time the Minto Flats fire had become the largest fire in Alaska , over seventy other blazes were active throughout the state , stretching resources to their limits .
4	The default policy is largely based on the recommendations in the book Perl Best Practices by Damian Conway .	Perl : : Critic is a static code analysis system for the Perl programming language .	Perl : : Critic is available as a source-code distribution on CPAN .	It comes with a commandline tool , perlcritic , which can check Perl source code files and report on the code quality therein .	Perl : : Critic has an extensible architecture that allows the programmer to choose from many `` policies `` which enforce different Perl programming styles and tastes .
4	In this poem , Parmenides describes two views of reality .	Parmenides of Elea ( ; ; fl .	late sixth or early fifth century BC ) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher from Elea in Magna Graecia ( Greater Greece , included Southern Italy ) .	He was the founder of the Eleatic school of philosophy .	The single known work of Parmenides is a poem , `` On Nature `` , which has survived only in fragmentary form .
4	1925 ) , Open Picnic Area ( c .	Kellenberger Estate , also known as Miramichi , is a historic estate and national historic district located in Greensboro , Guilford County , North Carolina .	The district encompasses five contributing buildings , two contributing sites , and six contributing structures built between about 1921 and 1944 .	The landscape , designed and planted 1921-1944 , includes the contributing Stone grottos ( c .	1925 ) , Curvilinear Pool ( c .
0	Jacaraípe is a district of Serra , a municipality of the Brazilian state of Espírito Santo .	Considered part of the greater Vitória Region , it is now a suburb of Vitória , the state capital .	Famous for its surfing competitions and many summer homes by the beach , this is a lively community in summer , and quiet in winter .	Many of the streets in the center of town are named after Brazilian states .	Jacaraípe was once a fishing village on the mouth of the Jacaraípe River , which is the run-off from Jacaraípe Lake , it has now grown into a large beachfront suburb .
0	Mir Qazi ( ) was a Pakistani immigrant convicted of the 1993 shootings at CIA Headquarters in Langley , Virginia .	In the incident , Kasi killed two CIA employees and wounded another three .	He fled to Pakistan .	He was later arrested by FBI and ISI forces , returned to the U.S. and tried .	He was convicted and sentenced to death , and executed in 2002 .
2	Often it is easiest to understand percolation theory by explaining its use in epidemiology .	Percolation ( from the Latin word `` percolatio `` , meaning filtration ) is a theoretical model used to understand the way activation and diffusion of neural activity occur within neural networks .	Percolation is a model used to explain how neural activity is transmitted across the various connections within the brain .	Individuals that are infected with a disease can spread the disease through contact with others in their social network .	Those who are more social and come into contact with more people will help to propagate the disease quicker than those who are less social .
1	He is currently the CEO of The Viscusi Group , a retainer-based search practice dedicated to the global recruitment of personnel in the interior furnishings industry .	Stephen Viscusi is an American author , columnist and broadcast journalist in the workplace genre .	He is known for his two books , `` On the Job : How to Make it in the Real World of Work `` ( 2001 , Three Rivers Press , a Division of Random House ) and `` Bulletproof Your Job : 4 Simple Strategies to Ride Out the Rough Times and Come Out on Top at Work `` ( 2008 , Harper Collins .	Viscusi is a frequent keynote speaker and adviser to Boards on workplace issues .	He has been featured on various networks in a number of shows- NPR , CNN , CBS , `` CNBC `` , `` ABC News `` , `` FOX News `` , `` American Morning `` , `` Good Morning America `` , nationally syndicated `` The Tyra Banks Show `` , nationally syndicated `` Steve Harvey `` , etc .
4	On January 25 , 2009 Verizon Wireless officially took over all operations of Unicel .	Unicel was a brand of mobile phone service from Rural Cellular Corporation .	Service was provided in northern Minnesota , northern New England , Mississippi , Alabama , eastern Washington and Oregon , and adjacent areas .	The company was headquartered in Alexandria , Minnesota .	Until 2005 , RCC also operated 850 MHz cellular service under the brand name Cellular 2000 .
4	The current Recorder of London is Nicholas Hilliard QC .	The Recorder of London is an ancient legal office in the City of London .	The Recorder of London is appointed by the Crown on the recommendation of the City of London Corporation with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor .	The Recorder is the senior Circuit Judge at the Central Criminal Court ( the Old Bailey ) , hearing trials of criminal offences .	The Recorder 's deputy is the Common Serjeant of London , appointed by the Crown on the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor .
1	She taught feminist studies for many years at Stanford University .	Diane Helen Wood Middlebrook ( April 16 , 1939 – December 15 , 2007 ) was an American biographer , poet , and teacher .	She is best known for critically acclaimed biographies of poets Anne Sexton and Sylvia Plath ( along with Plath 's husband Ted Hughes ) , and jazz musician Billy Tipton .	Middlebrook was preparing a biography of the Roman poet Ovid , to be published in 2008 .	Her death brought that project to a close .
2	Maharana Raimal was the son of Rana Kumbha .	Rana Raimal ( r .	1473 – 1509 ) was a Rajput ruler of Mewar .	He came to power by defeating his patricide predecessor , Udai Singh I in battles at Jawar , Darimpur and Pangarh .	Early in Raimal 's reign , Ghiyas Shah of Malwa attacked Chittor unsuccessfully .
4	As a country in transition , the Georgian media system is under transformation .	The media of Georgia refers to mass media outlets based in the Republic of Georgia .	Television , magazines , and newspapers are all operated by both state-owned and for-profit corporations which depend on advertising , subscription , and other sales-related revenues .	The Constitution of Georgia guarantees freedom of speech .	Georgia is the only country in its immediate neighborhood where the press is not deemed unfree .
0	The Helsinki County Prison ( `` Helsingin lääninvankila `` in Finnish ) in the Helsinki city quarters of Katajanokka functioned as a prison from 1837 to 2002 .	It was established in 1837 by Tsar Nikolai I by the side of the Helsinki Crown Prison , which had operated from 1749 .	When completed , the prison had 12 cells , two rooms for guards and a worship room < ref name = `` bwkatajanokka.fi / 24.7.2009 `` > < / ref > which still exists , is protected and has been used for church weddings .	The prison area was surrounded by a high red brick wall .	The prison was extended in 1888 by a cell block in the form of a cross , in the classical Philadelphia model ; the old part of the prison was converted to an administrative building .
2	Damaging activities include coral mining , pollution ( organic and non-organic ) , overfishing , blast fishing , the digging of canals and access into islands and bays .	Human impact on coral reefs is significant .	Coral reefs are dying around the world .	Other dangers include disease , destructive fishing practices and warming oceans .	Factors that affect coral reefs include the ocean 's role as a carbon dioxide sink , atmospheric changes , ultraviolet light , ocean acidification , viruses , impacts of dust storms carrying agents to far-flung reefs , pollutants , algal blooms and others .
2	John Paul attended Yale University , and the University of California , Santa Cruz where he was trained as a painter and later as a photographer .	John Paul Caponigro ( born June 23 , 1965 Boston ) is an Environmental Fine Art Landscape Photographer .	He is the son of the American photographer Paul Caponigro and Eleanor Caponigro a graphic designer .	After college John moved to Maine and became an artist in residence at The Center for Creative Imaging .	John now works with photo-based digital imaging as his primary medium .
4	Kuduremukh is Karnataka 's 3rd highest peak after Mullayangiri and Baba Budangiri .	Kuduremukha is a mountain range and name of a peak located in Chikkamagaluru district , in Karnataka , India .	It is also the name of a small hill station cum mining town situated near the mountain , about 48 kilometres from Karkala and around 20 kilometres from Kalasa .	The name `` Kuduremukha `` literally means ' horse-face ' ( Kannada ) and refers to a particular picturesque view of a side of the mountain that resembles a horse 's face .	It was also referred to as ' Samseparvata ' , historically since it was approached from Samse village .
1	He was born at Erinagh House , Castleconnell , County Limerick , the son of Admiral Hayes O 'Grady .	Standish Hayes O 'Grady ( ; 19 May 1832 – 16 October 1915 ) was an Irish antiquarian .	He was a cousin of the writer Standish James O 'Grady , with whom he is sometimes confused .	As a child , he learnt Irish from the native speakers of his locality .	He was educated at Rugby School and Trinity College Dublin .
1	, the 50th anniversary compilation album by The Rolling Stones .	`` Doom and Gloom `` is the lead single taken from `` GRRR ! ``	It was premiered on BBC Radio 2 on 11 October 2012 .	The song marks the first time that Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood have been in the studio together for seven years , since the recording of their last album , `` A Bigger Bang `` .	A lyric video was released on YouTube the same day .
1	They take place within a political system where the King has extensive legislative and executive powers , retaining ultimate political control .	Elections in Jordan are for the lower house , known as the Chamber of Deputies , of the bicameral parliament of Jordan , as well as for local elections .	The Prime Minister is selected by the King , the PM is then free to choose his own Cabinet from members of the lower house .	The parliament has quotas for ethnic and religious minorities : three shared between Circassians and Chechens , nine for Christians , and nine for Bedouins .	There are also 15 seats for women , including three of the nine assigned to Bedouins .
0	Ina Vandebroek is a noted ethnobotanist working in the areas of floristics , ethnobotany and community health .	Since 2005 , Vandebroek has worked at The New York Botanical Garden in the Institute of Economic Botany .	Vandebroek has seventeen years of experience working on ethnobotanical projects in North America ( including the Caribbean ) and South America .	She has conducted research and international cooperation projects in Bolivia , the Caribbean and New York City .	Currently she conducts fieldwork in New York City and Jamaica .
3	His other book `` Freedom Summer `` won the C. Wright Mills Award in 1990 .	Doug McAdam ( born August 31 , 1951 ) is Professor of Sociology at Stanford University .	He is the author or co-author of over a dozen books and over fifty articles , and is widely credited as one of the pioneers of the political process model in social movement analysis .	He wrote one of the first books on the theory in 1982 when analyzing the U.S. Civil Rights Movement : `` Political Process and the Development of the Black Insurgency 1930-1970 `` .	He served as the director of the prestigious Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences between 2001 and 2005 .
3	He was also the head basketball coach at New Hampshire for one season in 1938 – 39 , tallying a mark of 3 – 14 .	George Henry Sauer ( December 11 , 1910 – February 5 , 1994 ) was an American football player , coach , college sports administrator , and professional football executive .	He played college football as a halfback at the University of Nebraska from 1931 to 1933 and then with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) from 1935 to 1937 .	Sauer served as the head football coach at the University of New Hampshire ( 1937 – 1941 ) , the University of Kansas ( 1946 – 1947 ) , the United States Naval Academy ( 1948 – 1949 ) , and Baylor University ( 1950 – 1955 ) , compiling a career college football record of 78 – 55 – 9 .	Sauer was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1954 .
0	Pernambuco ( ) is a state of Brazil , located in the Northeast region of the country .	The state of Pernambuco also includes the archipelago Fernando de Noronha .	With an estimated population of 9.2 million people in 2013 , it is the seventh most populous state of Brazil , and is the sixth most densely populated and the 19th most extensive among the states and territories of the country .	Its capital and largest city , Recife , is one of the most important economic and urban hubs in the country .	As of 2013 estimates , Recife 's metropolitan area is the fifth most populous in the country , and the largest urban agglomeration in Northeast Brazil .
4	The story was written by Richard Outten , Brian Gunn and Mark Gunn , and the screenplay by Brian and Mark Gunn . ``	Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island is a 2012 American science fiction comedy adventure film directed by Brad Peyton and produced by Beau Flynn , Tripp Vinson and Charlotte Huggins .	It is the sequel to `` Journey to the Center of the Earth `` .	Following the first film , the sequel is based on another Jules Verne novel , this time `` The Mysterious Island `` .	The film stars Dwayne `` The Rock `` Johnson , Michael Caine , Josh Hutcherson , Vanessa Hudgens , Luis Guzmán , and Kristin Davis .
2	1915 `` follows a mysterious theater director in present-day Los Angeles as he stages a controversial play to bring the ghosts of a forgotten tragedy back to life .	1915 is a 2015 psychological thriller film co-written and directed by Garin Hovannisian and Alec Mouhibian .	It is produced by Hovannisian and Mouhibian with Terry Leonard , and stars Simon Abkarian , Angela Sarafyan , Samuel Page , and Nikolai Kinski , along with Jim Piddock . ``	The title refers to the Armenian Genocide .	The film also features the first original film score by Serj Tankian , the Grammy-winning frontman of System of a Down .
2	It is considered to be an endemic virus in greenhouses and field productions of Cucurbitaceae crops , including melon ( `` Cucumis melo `` ) , cucumber ( `` Cucumbis sativus `` ) , and watermelon ( `` Citrullus lanatus `` ) .	Melon necrotic spot virus ( MNSV ) is a virus that belongs to the `` Carmovirus `` genus of viruses in the `` Tombusviridae `` family .	It has been observed in several countries of the Americas , Africa , Asia , and Europe .	MNSV is mainly spread through infected soil , seedlings , insects , and by the root-inhabiting fungus vector `` Olpidium bornovanus `` .	Symptoms vary between Curbitaceae crops , but generally consist of chlorosis , brown necrotic lesions , leaf wilt , fruit decay , and plant death .
4	He is credited with managing Mayor Bloomberg 's three successful campaigns for Mayor of New York .	Kevin Sheekey ( born June 12 , 1966 ) is an American businessman and political adviser .	He is the Global Head of Communications , Government Relations and Marketing for Bloomberg L.P .	He previously served as head of government relations and communications at Bloomberg L.P. and as chairman of Bloomberg Government .	Sheekey also previously served as deputy mayor for government affairs for the City of New York under Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg .
1	Cliffy Huntington ) , Mike Holt ( a.k.a .	The Huntingtons are a punk band from Baltimore , Maryland which formed in 1993-1994 in the Maryland / Delaware area by Cliff Powell ( a.k.a .	Mikey Huntington ) and Mike Pierce ( a.k.a .	Mikee Huntington ) .	The band is heavily influenced by the Ramones .
1	This was the nation 's fifth consecutive appearance at the Olympics in the post-Soviet era .	Azerbaijan competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , United Kingdom , from 27 July to 12 August 2012 .	The National Olympic Committee of the Azerbaijani Republic sent the nation 's largest delegation to the Games .	A total of 53 athletes , 39 men and 14 women , competed in 15 sports .	There was only a single competitor in road cycling , equestrian show jumping , fencing , and shooting .
3	Approximately 2.4 million adolescents aged 16 to 17 years worked in the U.S. in 2006 .	Around the world , nearly 250 million children , about one in every six children , ages 5 through 17 , are involved in child labor .	Children can be found in almost any economic sector .	However , at a global level , most of them work in agriculture ( 70 % ) .	Official employment statistics are not available for younger adolescents who are also known to work , especially in agricultural settings .
3	The building functioned as a community center in the isolated coal mining region until a fire in 1991 , which destroyed the interior .	The World War Memorial , also known as the Kimball War Memorial Building , stands on a hill in Kimball , West Virginia .	Designed in 1927 by Welch , West Virginia architect Hassel T. Hicks , the memorial was dedicated in 1928 to African-American veterans of World War I .	It was the first such memorial to African-American veterans in the United States .	The stone , terra cotta and brick Classical Revival building stood as a ruin for more than a decade until a restoration .
3	The band previously went by the names Smackin ' Isaiah , Koen , and Adam 's Crack , though the former was the only name to be used in any major release .	A Wilhelm Scream ( abbreviated as AWS ) is a melodic hardcore band from New Bedford , Massachusetts formed in 1999 .	Many people have referenced Strung Out , Hot Water Music , Propagandhi , and Strike Anywhere as the band 's similar artists .	Their name is a reference to the Wilhelm scream , a famous stock sound effect which is mainly used in films .	The reason for the name changes `` from Koen to Smackin ' Isaiah to A Wilhelm Scream was really a matter of them adding new members , and progressing / maturing as a band `` .
2	An area of 27 thousand hectares , the largest lake in the Mediterranean basin rich in fish different Kalorath and sea bass and mullet , etc .	Bahiret el Bibane ( ) is a lagoon located at the zarzis region of Tunisia .	The heritage of this wetland is recognized internationally by the Ramsar Biban Lake is a coastal lagoon located in the state of civilians from the south-east of Tunisia is the administrative track Zarzis , 10 km north Bnqirdan City , and 20 km south of the city of Zarzis .	, and a height of between 0 and 10 m from the surface of the sea .	[ 1 ] which is a coastal lagoon large , with a length of 32 km and display maximum 10 km and the rate of 4 m deep , which is partially separated from the Mediterranean Sea , as related by several channels width of the largest of 800 m .
4	Up until being purchased by The Hut Group in 2014 , Preloved was the largest independent classified ads site in the UK .	Preloved.co.uk is an online classified ads and community website based in the UK .	Ads can be paid for or free depending on the exposure desired .	It has hundreds of thousands of active ads in over 500 categories .	In 2012 , it was ranked 2nd in the UK for classified ads by Hitwise .
0	Belle Black is a fictional character from `` Days of Our Lives `` , an American soap opera on the NBC network .	Created by head writer , James E. Reilly , she was born on October 21 , 1993 , as the only child of supercouple , John Black and Marlena Evans .	She is also one half of the supercouple , Shawn Brady and Belle Black .	Belle was rapidly aged to a teen when Kirsten Storms was hired to portray the character from August 5 , 1999 , to July 16 , 2004 .	Charity Rahmer briefly played the role from July 19 to August 9 , 2004 .
2	He is the author of thirteen books , including four volumes of poetry ( `` Bluewren Cantos , Fire Diary , The Lyrebird , The Road South `` ) ; `` The Blue Plateau ; `` `` The Little Red Writing Book `` and `` Writing Well : the Essential Guide . ``	Mark Tredinnick ( born 1962 ) is a celebrated Australian poet , essayist and teacher .	Winner of the Montreal International Poetry Prize in 2011 and the Cardiff International Poetry Competition in 2012 .	`` For twenty years he has taught poetry , grammar , creative nonfiction and business prose in Sydney and around the world .	Once upon a time he was a lawyer . ``
4	She counted coup on a Sioux warrior and eventually killed and scalped him .	The Other Magpie was a Crow woman who fought in the Battle of the Rosebud on the side of General Crook against the Sioux and Cheyenne .	Pretty Shield , a Crow author and medicine woman , described her as being wild and attractive , but not having a man .	She fought because her brother had recently been killed by the Sioux and she sought revenge against them .	Most of the Crow carried rifles , but The Other Magpie carried only her belt knife and her coup stick .
3	Their athletic teams ' nickname is the Panthers .	Chesapeake High School , commonly referred to locals as `` The Peake `` is a public high school in Chesapeake , Ohio .	It is the only high school in the Chesapeake Union Exempted Village School District .	Chesapeake 's first high school was established in 1924 at what is now the Chesapeake Community Center .	Their school colors are purple and white .
1	They are sometimes called blockers ; examples include alpha blockers , beta blockers , and calcium channel blockers .	A receptor antagonist is a type of receptor ligand or drug that blocks or dampens a biological response by binding to a receptor rather than provoking the response like an agonist .	In pharmacology , antagonists have affinity but no efficacy for their cognate receptors , and binding will disrupt the interaction and inhibit the function of an agonist or inverse agonist at receptors .	Antagonists mediate their effects by binding to the active orthosteric ( = right place ) site or to allosteric ( = other place ) sites on receptors , or they may interact at unique binding sites not normally involved in the biological regulation of the receptor 's activity .	Antagonist activity may be reversible or irreversible depending on the longevity of the antagonist – receptor complex , which , in turn , depends on the nature of antagonist – receptor binding .
1	Children usually play alone during parallel play but are interested in what other children are doing .	Parallel play is a form of play in which children play adjacent to each other , but do not try to influence one another 's behavior .	This usually occurs after the first birthday .	It usually involves two or more children in the same room who are interested in the same toy , each seeing the toy as their own .	The children do not play together , but alongside each other simply because they are in the same room .
3	Additionally , he contributed in the field of Christian scholarship offering many books and articles from a Wesleyan-holiness perspective .	Gilbert `` Gil `` W. Stafford ( December 30 , 1938 – March 30 , 2008 ) was an American scholarly and pastoral leader in the Church of God Movement ( Anderson , Indiana ) .	He was well known inside and outside his church group for his enthusiastic teaching and preaching .	Stafford taught systematic theology for many years in the Anderson School of Theology and worked as the speaker for the formerly Christian Brotherhood Hour ( CBH ) , later changed to Christians Broadcasting Hope .	His most substantial work was `` Theology For Disciples `` , published in 1996 .
3	At the beginning of the American Revolutionary War he offered his services to the patriot cause and was named a lieutenant colonel in 1776 .	Richard Humpton ( 1733 – 1804 ) was born in Yorkshire , England of parents Richard Humpton and Dorothy Grindall .	He purchased a captain 's commission in the Royal Army and fought in the Raid on St Malo during the Seven Years ' War .	While posted in the West Indes , he resigned his commission and moved to the Susquehanna River in Pennsylvania .	Later that year he became colonel commanding the 11th Pennsylvania Regiment .
3	Her fifth novel , published in 2013 , breaks away from the crime series .	Karen Campbell ( born 1967 , Paisley , Scotland ) is a Scottish writer of contemporary fiction .	Her first four novels are police procedurals , set in Glasgow , featuring Sgt .	Anna Cameron and Cath and Jamie Worth .	It tells the story of Abdi , a Somali asylum-seeker newly arrived in Glasgow with his young daughter , and of recently widowed Deborah , who has been assigned as mentor to help them settle in .
4	The most widely available English translation is by Max Eastman .	The Revolution Betrayed : What Is the Soviet Union and Where Is It Going ?	( ) is a book published in 1937 by the exiled Soviet Bolshevik leader Leon Trotsky .	This frequently reprinted work analyzed and criticized the course of historical development in the Soviet Union following the death of Lenin in 1924 and is regarded as Trotsky 's primary work dealing with the nature of Stalinism .	The book was written by Trotsky during his exile in Norway and was originally translated into French by Victor Serge .
3	This is the second time in a row the band has worked with him , after the commercially successful `` One-X `` . ``	Life Starts Now is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Three Days Grace .	The album was released on September 22 , 2009 .	The album was produced by Howard Benson .	Life Starts Now `` expresses a lighter lyrical mood compared to the band 's previous album .
3	microbus , intercity and touring coach .	Neobus is the tradename of Brazilian bus manufacturer `` San Marino Onibus e Implementos Ltda `` ( San Marine Omnibus and Implements Limited ) based in Caxias do Sul , Rio Grande do Sul .	Neobus initiated production of buses in 1999 and has already manufactured over 30,000 vehicles .	The company manufactures the bodies for a whole range of coaches , e.g .	Its primary manufacturing plant , located in Caxias do Sul .
4	In the case of a franchise in which there are multiple games but no series article exists , the first game in the series is the main article and is linked to this list .	This is a list of video game franchises published or developed by Sega or a subsidiary of the company .	All series spanning multiple games are listed here .	Games that were developed and published by third parties but released on Sega consoles are not listed here .	Almost all of these titles and series have been published by Sega with the exception of a couple of franchises in which Sega was the developer .
2	New York 's strongest run was an unbroken string of placements from 1957 to 1966 .	The Miss New York USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of New York in the Miss USA pageant .	New York is one of the most successful states at Miss USA , and is ranked third in terms of number and value of placement across all years of competition .	New York also had a streak of 3 consecutive 1st runner-up placements from 1972 to 1974 .	In 1954 , Karin Huitman was 2nd runner-up .
0	Killarney National Park ( ) , near the town of Killarney , County Kerry , was the first national park in Ireland , created when Muckross Estate was donated to the Irish Free State in 1932 .	The park has since been substantially expanded and encompasses over 102.89 km ( 25,425 acres ) of diverse ecology , including the Lakes of Killarney , oak and yew woodlands of international importance , and mountain peaks .	It has Ireland 's only native herd of red deer and the most extensive covering of native forest remaining in Ireland .	The park is of high ecological value because of the quality , diversity , and extensiveness of many of its habitats and the wide variety of species that they accommodate , some of which are rare .	The park was designated a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in 1981 .
0	Subrogation is a legal doctrine whereby one person is entitled to enforce the subsisting or revived rights of another for one 's own benefit .	A right of subrogation typically arises by operation of law , but can also arise by statute or by agreement .	Subrogation is an equitable remedy , having first developed in the English Court of Chancery .	It is a familiar feature of common law systems .	Analogous doctrines exist in civil law jurisdictions .
0	`` More Stars `` a.k.a. ``	Stars on 45 Vol .	2 `` was a song issued in 1981 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45 , in the UK credited to ' Starsound ' .	It was the follow-up to the US and Dutch # 1 and UK # 2 single `` Stars on 45 `` ( released under its full 41-word title but generally simply known as `` Stars on 45 Medley `` ) . ``	More Stars `` was later included on the band 's second album `` Longplay Album - Volume II `` ( US title : `` Stars on Longplay II `` , UK title : `` Stars On 45 - The Album - Volume 2 `` ) .
3	Jnana Prabodhini , headquartered in Pune , aims at the development of physical , mental , intellectual and spiritual qualities of people in general and of the youth in particular .	Jnana Prabodhini ( ) which means ' Awakener of Real Knowledge ' in Sanskrit is a social organisation in India .	Founded in 1962 with the motto `` Motivating Intelligence for Social Change `` , its work now has grown into multiple directions of social work .	The main purpose of this organization is to develop leaders who can serve the nation by tacking & solving various problems being faced by India .	This development should lead to leadership qualities , motivation building , attitude forming and understanding the problems of India .
4	The custom was to name the child after the first thing seen .	Rising Fawn is a small unincorporated community in the southern part of Dade County , Georgia , United States .	It is part of the Chattanooga , TN – GA Metropolitan Statistical Area .	It is also the location of Cloudland Canyon State Park .	Rising Fawn was named after the child of a Cherokee Indian chieftain .
2	The village is located 8 km east of Salumber .	Boraj Tawaran is a village in the Udaipur district of Rajasthan , India .	It comes under the Malpur gram panchayat , in Salumber block .	It is also known as Boraj Tanwaran or Boraj Tavraan .	Salumbar is nearest town to Boraj Tawaran village .
1	He also competed in the Field and Streams `` Total Outdoorsman Challenge `` for 5 years .	Chris Reed is a competitive shooter known for being the winner of the second season of History Channel 's marksmen competition `` Top Shot `` .	Finishing in the top 3 four times .	Since winning `` Top Shot `` , Chris Reed has gone on to participate in long range tactical rifle competitions .	His best finish was at the PRS in Tehachapi , Ca .
0	Nye County School District provides public education for all grades in Nye County , Nevada , as well as 6th through 12th grade education for students living in Esmeralda County , due to its school district having no high school .	The headquarters of the district are in Tonopah .	The district serves 17 schools .	The school district also serves 5,933 students with over 322 Administrators & Faculty Members .	The N.C.S.D .
3	Prior to that he edited Torah from Dixie , thoughts on the weekly Bible portion , which was later turned into a book by the same name .	Benyamin Cohen ( born 1975 ) was the founder and editor of both Jewsweek and American Jewish Life Magazine He is the author of the memoir `` My Jesus Year : A Rabbi 's Son Wanders the Bible Belt in Search of His Own Faith `` .	Publisher 's Weekly named it one of the best books of the year , and Cohen received the Georgia Author of the Year Award .	He was the founder and editor of the award-winning national magazine American Jewish Life and the online magazine Jewsweek , and he has written for the Huffington Post , the Daily Beast , the Washington Post , and Slate .	He is now the content director for the Mother Nature Network , a science and environmental news website .
1	The album is a live recording of his second of two concerts on 18 January 1974 at the Royal Festival Hall in London .	Journey to the Centre of the Earth is the second solo album from the English keyboardist Rick Wakeman , released on 3 May 1974 by A & M Records .	With its concept based on Jules Verne 's science fiction novel of the same name , the album tells the story of Professor Lidenbrok , his nephew Axel , and their guide Hans , who follow a passage to the Earth 's centre originally discovered by Arne Saknussemm , an Icelandic alchemist .	Wakeman performs with the London Symphony Orchestra , the English Chamber Choir , and a group of hand-picked musicians for his rock band , which later became the English Rock Ensemble .	Actor David Hemmings narrates the story .
3	It includes a variety of pattern book houses in popular architectural styles of the late-19th and early-20th century , with some interspersed Bungalow / American Craftsman style dwellings .	Hamlin Park Historic District is a national historic district and neighborhood located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .	The district encompasses 1,368 contributing buildings , 3 contributing sites , and 6 contributing structures in a predominantly residential section of Buffalo .	The district includes a variety of residential buildings built primarily between about 1895 and 1930 , and later improved through Model Cities Program grants between 1966 and 1975 .	Located in the district are the separately listed Robert T. Coles House and Studio and Stone Farmhouse .
2	110 square miles ) and , as of 1 January 2010 , has a population of 13,277 .	Langeland is a Danish island located between the Great Belt and Bay of Kiel .	The island measures 285 km ( c .	The island produces grain and is known as a recreational and wellness tourism area .	A bridge connects it to Tåsinge via Siø - a small island with a population of approx .
0	Several organizations give out NFL Defensive Player of the Year awards that are listed in the `` NFL Record and Fact Book `` and `` Total Football II : The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League `` .	The Associated Press ( AP ) has been giving the award since 1972 ; Pro Football Writers of America / `` Pro Football Weekly `` since 1970 ; and `` Sporting News `` has announced winners since 2008 .	The Newspaper Enterprise Association was the originator of the award in 1966 .	However , it became defunct after 1997 .	Also going defunct was the United Press International ( UPI ) AFC-NFC Defensive Player of the Year Awards that began in 1975 .
4	Raymond Novaco of University of California Irvine , who since 1975 has published a plethora of literature on the subject , stratified anger into three modalities : cognitive ( appraisals ) , somatic-affective ( tension and agitations ) , and behavioral ( withdrawal and antagonism ) .	Anger or wrath is an intense emotional response .	It is an emotion that involves a strong uncomfortable and emotional response to a perceived provocation , hurt or threat .	Anger can occur when a person feels their personal boundaries are being or going to be violated .	Some have a learned tendency to react to anger through retaliation as a way of coping .
4	90 and Chevrolet Camaro for King Autosport .	Mario Gosselin ( born October 20 , 1971 ) is a Canadian professional stock car racing driver and crew chief .	In 2004 , he became the second native of the Province of Quebec to start in a NASCAR Nextel Cup Series race after Superbike legend Yvon Duhamel .	In 1997 , he became the first Canadian to win the championship title for the NASCAR CARS Pro Cup Series .	He currently competes part-time in the Xfinity Series , driving the No .
3	from in 1978 , his M.A from in 1980 , both from Marquette University , Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and his Ph.D in 1991 from University of Oregon , Eugene Oregon ..	James Arthur Thornton ( born 1955 ) is Professor of Economics at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti , Michigan , where he teaches undergraduate and graduate classes .	His research focuses on microeconomics , econometrics , and health economics .	He received his B.A .	He immediately joined the EMU faculty , as Assistant Professor , becoming Associate Professor in 1995 and full Professor in 2000 , since 1999 he has been Director of the Graduate Program in Economics at EMU .
0	Port Lympne , at Lympne , Kent is an early 20th-century country house built for Sir Philip Sassoon by Herbert Baker and Philip Tilden .	Completed after the First World War .	Following Sassoon 's death in 1939 it was bequeathed with its contents , including cars and planes , to Hannah Gubbay , his cousin .	It was abandoned after the Second World War .	In 1973 , it was purchased by John Aspinall as part of an expansion of his Howletts Zoo .
2	1315 ) is known as a commentator on the greater part of the Talmud .	Abraham ben Yitzchak of Montpellier , also known as Avraham min haHar ( lit . ``	Abraham from the mountain `` ) ( d .	He lived in mountain city of Montpellier , in the Provence section of France .	Towards the end of his life he moved to Carpentras and became a member of the Beth Din of Rabbi Mordechai ben Josepha , ( author of `` Shaarei Nedarim `` ) .
1	It served in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War , mostly as part of the Desert Mounted Corps .	The Yeomanry Mounted Division was a Territorial Force cavalry division formed at Khan Yunis in Palestine in June 1917 from three yeomanry mounted brigades .	In April 1918 six of the regiments were withdrawn from the division and sent to France , being converted from Yeomanry to battalions of the Machine Gun Corps .	These were replaced by Indian Army cavalry regiments withdrawn from France , and the division was renamed 1st Mounted Division , the third such division to bear that title .	In July the combined division was renamed as the 4th Cavalry Division .
3	While the precise meaning of `` imminent `` may be ambiguous in some cases , the court provided later clarification in `` Hess v. Indiana `` ( 1973 ) .	`` Imminent lawless action `` is a standard currently used that was established by the United States Supreme Court in `` Brandenburg v. Ohio `` ( 1969 ) , for defining the limits of freedom of speech . ``	Brandenburg `` clarified what constituted a `` clear and present danger `` , the standard established by `` Schenck v. United States `` ( 1919 ) , and overruled `` Whitney v. California `` ( 1927 ) , which had held that speech that merely advocated violence could be made illegal .	Under the imminent lawless action test , speech is not protected by the First Amendment if the speaker intends to incite a violation of the law that is both imminent and likely .	In this case , the court found that Hess 's words did not fall outside the limits of protected speech , in part , because his speech `` amounted to nothing more than advocacy of illegal action at some indefinite future time , `` and therefore did not meet the imminence requirement .
4	Today the migrant population consists largely of Punjabis and Biharis .	Delhi 's ethnic groups are diverse .	The Yamuna river 's flood plains provide fertile alluvial soil suitable for agriculture but are prone to recurrent floods .	The Yamuna , a sacred river in Hinduism , is the only major river flowing through Delhi .	The original natives of Delhi are those whose ancestors lived in the Yamuna basin , a region which spreads radially from the capital up to a distance of approximately 200 kilometres .
1	Case is a Welsh rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s , and 1940s .	Desmond `` Des `` J .	He played club level rugby union ( RU ) for Cross Keys RFC , and Newport RFC , and playing representative level rugby league ( RL ) for Wales , and at club level for Bradford Northern , as a , or , i.e .	number 2 or 5 , or 3 or 4 .	Case was a Sergeant Major in the British Army during World War II .
1	The group initially consisted of six members until member E.Den left to pursue his studies .	LC9 ( ) was a South Korean pop boy band formed by Nega Network .	Their name , LC9 , means League of Competition # 9 .	They debuted on May 9 , 2013 with `` MaMa Beat `` on Mnet M !	Countdown .
2	He was inspired to help Christians in neglected British colonies by the Premier of England , Lord Liverpool in 1821 .	The Newfoundland School Society ( N.S.S ) was established on June 30 , 1823 by a merchant named Samuel Codner .	Codner first came to Newfoundland in 1788 and periodically traveled back to England where he was influenced by the Evangelical Revival occurring there during this time .	Knowing the dire conditions in Newfoundland , he formed `` The Society for Educating the Poor of Newfoundland `` which had its first annual meeting at the London Coffee House on July 13 , 1824 .	It was the ability of the N.S.S .
2	Three other former places of worship are no longer used by their original congregation , although only one of these has fallen out of use entirely .	The borough of Crawley , in West Sussex , England , has 43 churches , chapels and other buildings used specifically for worship .	Other religious communities meet in community centres , schools and other buildings whose primary function is secular .	The borough covers the New Town of Crawley , whose development began in the late 1940s , and Gatwick Airport — an international airport which has two multi-faith chapels of its own .	The New Town absorbed three villages with a long history of Christian worship , and later extensions to the boundary have brought other churches into the borough .
4	, duplex , color , finishing , etc . )	HP Universal Print Driver ( UPD ) is an intelligent print driver that supports a broad range of HP LaserJet printers and MFPs .	Developed by Hewlett-Packard , it combines a general purpose driver ( UNIDRV or PSCRIPT ) and HP proprietary extensions .	HP UPD simplifies driver deployment and management .	This advanced print driver has the ability to discover HP printing devices and automatically configure itself to the device capabilities ( e.g .
4	Layout boats come in designs such as pumpkin seed , oval , box like just to name a few .	A layout boat is a low-profile un-motorized oval-like boat that is used by diver duck hunters to hide in when hunting in open water .	They are unique to a specialized form of waterfowl hunting called Layout hunting .	Most layout boats are used for diver duck or ocean duck hunting where open deep water waterfowl species frequent .	Sometimes they are deployed in marshes for more traditional puddle duck hunting or goose hunting .
4	The album 's singles also fared well , `` Fly from the Inside `` reaching No .	Leave a Whisper is the debut studio album by American rock band Shinedown .	The album was released on May 27 , 2003 , faring well due to the success of the singles `` Fly from the Inside `` and `` 45 `` .	Recording took place at Henson Recording Studios and The Blue Room , both in Los Angeles , California . ``	Leave a Whisper `` paved the way for Shinedown 's successful second album , `` Us and Them `` , and was re-released on June 15 , 2004 , to incorporate a cover version of Lynyrd Skynyrd 's `` Simple Man `` .
1	The overture and the first section , `` Temples of Syrinx `` , were released as a single and have been featured in most of Rush 's setlists since .	`` 2112 `` ( pronounced twenty-one twelve ) is a side-long title track from Canadian rock band Rush 's 1976 album of the same name .	The `` sci-fi `` sounds in the beginning of the song were created using an ARP Odyssey synthesizer and an Echoplex tape delay .	On the `` 2112 / Moving Pictures `` episode of the documentary series `` Classic Albums `` , producer Terry Brown states the synth intro is composed of various parts played by Hugh Syme that were put together in a collage .	Since 1997 , when any parts of the song are performed live , they are transposed down one full step , as heard on every live album and DVD from `` Different Stages `` forward .
4	Welton formerly had its own railway station , but today , the nearest railway station is at Long Buckby for the London Midland services to Birmingham New Street , Northampton and London Euston stations , on the Northampton loop of the West Coast Main Line .	Welton is a village and civil parish in the English county of Northamptonshire .	The village is located north of the nearest town Daventry .	It is west-north west of Northampton , south east of Rugby and north-west of London .	The village is of the A361 that runs between Daventry and Crick where the M1 junction 18 gives access to the national motorway network north and south .
4	The Husbands toured the United States four times .	Sarah Reed ( b .	1973 in Tucson , Arizona ) is an American musician , singer , and guitarist .	She is best known as the singer and guitarist for the rock band The Husbands , which she formed and fronted in 2002 .	They released two feature length records on Swami Records and five 7 `` records .
2	It derives its name from Bramerton Pits in Norfolk , where the deposits can be found on the surface .	The Bramertonian Stage is the name for an early Pleistocene stage used in the British Isles .	It precedes the Pre-Pastonian Stage ( Baventian Stage ) .	The exact timing of the beginning and end of the Bramertonian Stage is currently unknown .	It is only known that it is equivalent to the Tiglian C1-4b Stage of Europe and early Pre-Illinoian Stage of North America .
2	The fuel is created from carbon dioxide , water , and electricity with a process powered by renewable energy sources to create a liquid energy carrier called blue crude ( in contrast to regular crude oil ) which is then refined to generate e-diesel .	E-diesel is the name of synthetic diesel created by Audi to be used in automobiles .	Currently , an e-diesel variant is created by Audi research facility in partnership with a company named Sunfire .	E-diesel is considered to be a carbon-neutral fuel as it does not extract new carbon and the energy sources to drive the process are from carbon-neutral sources .	As of April 2015 , an Audi A8 driven by Federal Minister of Education and Research in Germany is using the e-diesel fuel .
4	Once Murphy selects a song , rights are cleared with its publishers by music supervisor P.J .	`` Glee `` is an American musical comedy-drama television series produced by Fox .	It focuses on the glee club New Directions , at the fictional William McKinley High School in Lima , Ohio .	The show was created by Ryan Murphy , Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan , and features many cover versions of songs sung on-screen by the characters .	Murphy is responsible for selecting all of the songs used , and strives to maintain a balance between show tunes and chart hits , as he wants there to be `` something for everybody in every episode . ``
1	Dr. Hessa Al Jaber is a Qatari engineer , academic and politician .	H.E .	She is the first-ever Minister of Information and Communications Technology in Qatar following the formation of the nation ’ s new Cabinet by H.H .	the Emir Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani in 2013 .	She is the third Qatari woman to assume a ministerial position in the state .
0	Abraham Lincoln , also released under the title D. W. Griffith 's `` Abraham Lincoln `` , is a 1930 Pre-Code biographical film about American president Abraham Lincoln directed by D. W. Griffith .	It stars Walter Huston as Lincoln and Una Merkel , in her second speaking role , as Ann Rutledge .	Her first speaking role was in a short film , `` Love 's Old Sweet Song `` ( 1923 ) filmed in the Phonofilm sound-on-film process .	The script was co-written by Stephen Vincent Benét and Gerrit Lloyd , author of the Civil War prose poem `` John Brown 's Body `` .	This was the first of only two sound films made by Griffith .
0	Epoch Times is a multi-language newspaper headquartered in New York City .	The company was founded in 2000 by John Tang and a group of Chinese-American Falun Gong practitioners .	The newspaper covers general interest topics with a focus on news about China and human rights issues there .	It draws from a network of sources inside China , as well as Chinese expatriates living in the West .	The newspaper and its staffs have won over 10 media awards , including New York Press Association Awards for design excellence and National Ethnic Press & Media Council Awards for human rights coverage .
3	Four hundred and twenty four people were killed by the end of June , including 42 from the Guizhou landslide ; 277 more were killed and 147 left missing in the first two weeks of July , bringing the death toll as of August 5 to 1,072 .	The 2010 China floods began in early May 2010 .	Three hundred and ninety-two people died , and a further 232 people were reported missing as of June 30 , 2010 , including 57 people in a landslide in Guizhou .	Fifty-three of the deaths occurred from the flooding and landslides between May 31 and June 3 , and 266 deaths occurred between June 13 and June 29 .	A landslide in early August in Gansu killed at least 1,471 people and left 294 missing .
1	Other names for them include Boenca or Boyenca ( Guinea-Bissau ) , Fouta Jallon , Fouta Longhorn , Fouta Malinke , Futa , Malinke , Mandingo ( Liberia ) , and N 'Dama Petite ( Senegal ) .	N 'Dama is a breed of cattle from West Africa .	Originating in the Guinea highlands , they are also found in southern Senegal , Guinea-Bissau , the Gambia , Mali , Ivory Coast , Liberia , Nigeria , and Sierra Leone .	They are trypanotolerant , allowing them to be kept in tsetse fly-infested areas .	They also show superior resistance to ticks and the diseases they carry and to `` Haemonchus contortus `` stomach worms .
2	There , before the passing of Title IX , she started the women 's athletic program .	Lorene Ramsey , a pioneer in women 's sports , is one of the most successful college coaches of all time .	In 1968 , Ramsey joined the staff of Illinois Central College , a community college in East Peoria , Illinois .	She coached the softball team for 28 years , compiling an overall record of 840-309 and two NJCAA National Softball Championships .	She also coached the women 's basketball team for 33 seasons amassing a record of 887-197 while winning four NJCAA Women 's Basketball Championships .
0	Eastern Air Lines Shuttle ( or Eastern Air Shuttle ) was the brand name of Eastern 's air shuttle .	It began operations on April 30 , 1961 and was sold in 1989 to Donald Trump , and later became the Trump Shuttle .	In April 1992 , the shuttle service began as the USAir Shuttle ( presently American Airlines Shuttle ) .	The shuttle originally flew between New York City , Boston , Washington , D.C. and Newark .	The shuttle 's slogan was `` Imagine life without us ``
0	Carl Krauch ( April 7 , 1887 – February 3 , 1968 ) was a German chemist , industrialist and Nazi war criminal .	He was an executive at BASF ( later IG Farben ) ; during World War II , he was chairman of the supervisory board .	He was a key implementer of the Reich ’ s Four-Year Plan to achieve national economic self-sufficiency and promote industrial production .	He was Plenipotentiary of Special Issues in Chemical Production , a senator of the Kaiser Wilhelm Society , and an honorary professor at the University of Berlin .	He was convicted in the IG Farben trial after World War II and sentenced to six years in prison .
2	It has a population of about 489,085 .	Jutiapa is a department of Guatemala that borders along El Salvador and the Pacific Ocean .	The capital is the city of Jutiapa .	The population is ethnically `` mestizo `` ( European and non-indigenous ) Though in the northern regions of Jutiapa there are few descendents that once belonged to the now extinct xinca population .	The indigenous population is non existent today in Jutiapa with traditional language and culture no longer conserved or practiced .
2	Olympians such as Marion Jones and Maurice Greene compete in the Gold Zone portion of the meet , which attracts thousands of spectators every year .	The Kansas Relays are a three-day track meet every April , held at the University of Kansas in Lawrence , Kansas .	Since 1923 , the Kansas Relays have attracted runners , throwers , and jumpers from all over the United States of America , bringing in athletes ranging from Olympians to high-schoolers .	Competitors have also broken world records at the meet .	The 2004 Olympic champion , Justin Gatlin , was a prominent athlete to fail a doping test at the Kansas Relays .
0	Charles Harrison ( 1740 – 12 December 1793 ) was born into the famous Harrison family of Virginia .	His brother was a signer of the Declaration of Independence and his nephew William Henry Harrison later became president .	At the beginning of the American Revolutionary War he became lieutenant in a company of artillery from Virginia .	When the state expanded its small artillery battalion into a regiment in November 1776 , Harrison was appointed commander with the rank of colonel .	Initially named Harrison 's Continental Artillery Regiment , the unit was renamed the 1st Continental Artillery Regiment in August 1779 .
1	A graduate of Tulane University and Columbia University , she was a reporter and editor for the `` Atlanta Journal-Constitution `` from 1987 to 1998 .	Deborah Scroggins ( November 27 , 1961 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American journalist and author .	Her book `` Emma 's War : An Aid Worker , Radical Islam and the Politics of Oil - A True Story of Love and Death in the Sudan `` is about Emma McCune , a British aid worker who married Sudanese warlord Riek Machar .	It won the 2003 Ron Ridenhour Award for Truth-Telling .	Director Tony Scott had planned to direct a film based on the book and initial reports indicated that Nicole Kidman would star as McCune .
3	They are significant for their wide array of advanced features and for being the first television receiver systems to feature a built in computer , somewhat of an early incarnation of a smart TV , but without internet access ( see Technological convergence ) .	Dimensia was RCA 's brand name for their high-end models of television systems and their components ( Tuner , VCR , CD Player , etc . )	produced from 1984 to 1989 , with variations continuing into the early 1990s , superseded by the ProScan model line .	After RCA was acquired by General Electric in 1986 , GE sold the RCA consumer electronics line to Thomson SA which continued the Dimensia line .	In 1985 , RCA released the Digital Command Component System , a fully integrated audio system that permitted the full functionality of Dimensia audio components without a Dimensia monitor .
0	Greek Cypriots may bear common Greek surnames , but there are some which are markedly Cypriot Greek ; there are some names which indicate place of birth or origin , e.g. ``	Παφίτης `` being from Paphos , `` Καϊμακλιώτης `` being from Kaimakli , and there are some that indicate professional occupation , e.g. ``	Σκαρπάρης `` `` shoemaker `` , `` Κωμοδρόμος `` `` smith `` , etc .	As most Cypriots used patronymics until independence when surnames became officially used in public registers , a similar process of creation of surnames took place to that of other Greek-speaking populations outside Greece , e.g .	the Pontians .
1	Although most of the neighborhood dates from the 1920s , parts of it are much older .	Urca is a traditional and wealthy residential neighborhood with nearly 7,000 inhabitants ( 2000 census ) in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .	What is now called the Forte São João , a military base at the foot of the Sugarloaf Mountain , is where the first Portuguese settlement in Rio was founded by Estácio de Sá on March 1 , 1565 .	The French had arrived 12 years earlier and founded a settlement , called France Antarctique , close to what is now Flamengo and Gloria districts , in downtown Rio .	The French , riven by internal disputes between Catholics and Protestants , were massacred by the Portuguese and their Indian allies in attacks organised from here , expelling them from the nearby Villegagnon Island ( named after the French commander Nicolas Durand de Villegaignon ) .
2	The survivors journey with their spacecraft-constructing mothership to reclaim their ancient homeworld of Hiigara from the Taiidan , encountering a variety of pirates , mercenaries , traders , and rebels along the way .	Homeworld is a real-time strategy video game developed by Relic Entertainment and published by Sierra Studios on September 28 , 1999 , for Microsoft Windows .	Set in space , the science fiction game follows the Kushan exiles of the planet Kharak after their home planet is destroyed by the Taiidan Empire in retaliation for developing hyperspace jump technology .	In each of the game 's levels , the player gathers resources , builds a fleet , and uses it to destroy enemy ships and accomplish mission objectives .	The player 's fleet carries over between levels , and can travel in a fully three-dimensional space within each level rather than being limited to a two-dimensional plane .
2	in Mexico , and in the rest of the region some months later .	VH1 Latin America is a music channel from Viacom-owned Viacom International Media Networks The Americas .	The network was launched in April 2004 exclusively on Cablevisión D.F .	The channel targets audience from 19 to 44 years old and plays local and international music videos from the 1970s to the 2000s .	It also airs famous countdowns from VH1 United States .
3	Further , the fact that a trust company in one jurisdiction does not perform all of the trust company duties in another jurisdiction is irrelevant and does not have any bearing on whether either company is truly a `` trust company `` .	A trust company is a corporation , especially a commercial bank , organized to perform the fiduciary of trusts and agencies .	It is normally owned by one of three types of structures : an independent partnership , a bank , or a law firm , each of which specializes in being a trustee of various kinds of trusts and in managing estates .	Trust companies are not required to exercise all of the powers that they are granted .	Therefore , it is safe to say that the term `` trust company `` must not be narrowly construed .
1	Loman began his professional career in 1978 with the Class-A Burlington Bees in Milwaukee 's minor league organization .	Douglas Edward `` Doug `` Loman ( born May 9 , 1958 in Bakersfield , California ) is a retired professional baseball player whose career spanned nine seasons , two of which were spent in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) with the Milwaukee Brewers .	He made his MLB debut on September 3 , 1984 .	Over his two-year major league career , Loman , an outfielder , batted .246 with seven doubles , two triples , two home runs , and 19 runs batted in ( RBIs ) in 47 games played .	After playing in North America for his first eight seasons , Loman went to Japan to play in their professional baseball league .
2	The General Secretariat is in İstanbul , Turkey .	The Turkic Council ( ; ; ; ) or , in full , the Cooperation Council of Turkic-Speaking States ( CCTS ; Turkish : `` Türk Dili Konuşan Ülkeler İşbirliği Konseyi `` ) , is an international organization comprising some of the Turkic countries .	It was founded on 3 October 2009 in Nakhchivan .	The member countries are Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , and Turkey .	The remaining two Turkic states , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan are not currently official members of the council due to their neutral stance ; however , they are possible future members of the council .
0	Horrible Beginnings is an anthology of horror short stories edited by Steven H. Silver and Martin H. Greenberg , first published in paperback by DAW Books in March 2003 .	The cover art is based on Children of Bodom 's debut album , `` Something Wild `` .	It is a compilation of the first published stories of seventeen authors in the genre , and features introductions to the stories provided ( in most instances ) by the authors of those stories . ``	Horrible Beginnings `` was the third and last of three similarly-themed anthologies , its companions being `` Wondrous Beginnings `` and `` Magical Beginnings `` , compiling the first published stories of authors writing in the science fiction and fantasy genres , respectively .	The series follows the example of the earlier `` `` , edited by Damon Knight ( Lancer Books , 1963 ) and `` First Voyages `` , edited by Damon Knight , Martin H. Greenberg and Joseph D. Olander ( Avon Books , 1981 ) , which focused on science fiction authors only and did not include individual introductions .
1	1810 BC - 1750 BC ) was the sixth king of the First Babylonian Dynasty , reigning from 1792 BC to 1750 BC ( according to the Middle Chronology ) .	Hammurabi ( c .	He was preceded by his father , Sin-Muballit , who abdicated due to failing health .	He extended Babylon 's control throughout Mesopotamia through military campaigns .	Hammurabi is known for the Code of Hammurabi , one of the earliest surviving codes of law in recorded history .
2	Cheerleaders are a popular attraction that can give a team more coverage / airtime , popular local support , and increased media image .	National Football League Cheerleading , or simply NFL Cheerleading , is a professional cheerleading organization in the United States .	26 of the 32 NFL teams include a cheerleading squad in their franchise .	In 1954 , the Baltimore Colts became the first NFL team to have cheerleaders .	They were part of the Baltimore Colts Marching Band .
1	The line branched from Albert Park station on the Grange line , and ran for 1.1 kilometres with just one further station , the terminus Hendon .	The Hendon railway line was a railway in western Adelaide that was used mainly for industrial purposes in the mid 20th century .	There is no evidence of the station or track left .	The eastern end of West Lakes Boulevard now covers most of the path of the track .	The terminus station was adjacent to the east side of Tapleys Hill Road .
4	The Kikuyu people usually identify their lands by the surrounding mountain ranges in Central Kenya which they call `` Kĩrĩnyaga `` .	Kikuyu or Gikuyu ( ) is a language of the Bantu family spoken primarily by the Kikuyu people ( `` Agĩkũyũ `` ) of Kenya .	Numbering about 7 million ( 22 % of Kenya 's population ) , they are the largest ethnic group in Kenya .	Kikuyu is spoken in the area between Nyeri and Nairobi .	Kikuyu is one of the five languages of the Thagichu subgroup of the Bantu languages , which stretches from Kenya to Tanzania .
1	They were named after Joaquim José Inácio , Viscount of Inhaúma .	The Inhaúma Class corvettes are five escort vessels operated by the Brazilian Navy .	These ships were built in Brazil and designed with assistance from the German company Marine Technik .	It was originally planned to build 12 to 16 ships but the economic situation in Brazil did not permit this and only five vessels were built .	The programme was considerably delayed due to funding issues and the Brazilian Verolme yard 's insolvency in 1991 which forced V32 and V33 to be completed by Arsenal da Marinha .
4	Production of the Kenbak-1 stopped in 1973 as Kenbak failed , and was taken over by CTI Education Products , Inc .	The Kenbak-1 is considered by the Computer History Museum and the American Computer Museum to be the world 's first `` personal computer `` , invented by John V. Blankenbaker ( 1930- ) of Kenbak Corporation in 1970 , and first sold in early 1971 .	Only 50 machines were ever built .	The system first sold for US $ 750 .	Today only 14 machines are believed to exist worldwide , in the hands of various collectors .
0	The 16th and 17th Republican People 's Party Extraordinary Conventions ( Turkish : `` 16. ve 17 .	Cumhuriyet Halk Partisi olağanüstü kurultayları ) `` were held on 26 and 27 February 2012 respectively .	Two separate conventions were held , since the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) of Turkey had the changing of several party regulations on its agenda .	The rare occasion in which two extraordinary conventions were held on two days in a row resulted in the CHP being nicknamed the `` party of conventions . ``	The 16th convention saw party policy , achievements and proposed regulation changes being discussed , with a new party council elected .
3	The episode typically ends when the baby is a few months old .	16 and Pregnant was an American reality television series that aired from June 11 , 2009 to July 1 , 2014 , on MTV .	It followed the stories of pregnant teenage girls in high school dealing with the hardships of teenage pregnancy .	Each episode featured a different teenage girl , with the episode typically beginning when she is – 8 months into her pregnancy .	The series is produced in a documentary format , with an animation on notebook paper showing highlights during each episode preceding the commercial breaks . ``
0	Minority influence , a form of social influence , takes place when a member of a minority group influences the majority to accept the minority 's beliefs or behaviour .	This occurs when a small group or an individual acts as an agent of social change by questioning established societal perceptions , and proposing alternative , original ideas which oppose the existing social norms .	There are two types of social influence : majority influence ( resulting in conformity and public compliance ) and minority influence ( resulting in conversion ) .	Majority influence refers to the majority trying to produce conformity on the minority , while minority influence is converting the majority to adopt the thinking of the minority group .	Unlike other forms of influence , minority influence is often thought of as a more innovative form of social change , because it usually involves a personal shift in private opinion .
0	Hedda Lettuce is an American drag queen comedian and singer who lives and works in New York City .	The New York actor Steven Polito debuted his character Hedda Lettuce in 1991 on the Manhattan Cable TV show `` The Brenda and Glennda Show `` .	She is one of the few drag queens who actually sings live using her voice instead of lip syncing .	Lettuce 's appearances include MTV , Comedy Central , `` The People 's Court `` and a cameo on `` Sex and the City `` as Samantha 's ex-beau turned Bingo Drag impersonator .	Film appearances include `` To Wong Foo , Thanks for Everything !
0	Water justice refers to the access of individuals to clean water .	More specifically , the access of individuals to clean water for survival ( drinking , fishing , etc . )	and recreational purposes as a human right .	Water and sanitation for all provided in an equitable and sustainable way is central to global justice for poor women and men .	Despite successive global declarations and efforts , hundreds of millions still suffer from lack of access .
1	Marina High School is within the Monterey Peninsula Unified District ( MPUSD ) .	Marina High School is a public high school located in the outside of Marina , California which began operating in 2006 .	The campus size is smaller than the average high school and smaller than the other MPUSD high schools , Monterey and Seaside High School .	The first graduating class was in 2009 .	Average enrollment is 630 students .
3	A gag manga series by Saya Kiyoshi , `` Saki Biyori `` , began serialization in `` Young Gangan `` from June 2011 , with an original video animation released on July 25 , 2015 .	A side-story manga illustrated by Aguri Igarashi , , was serialized between the September 2011 and April 2013 issues of `` Monthly Shōnen Gangan `` , with an anime adaptation by Studio Gokumi airing between April and July 2012 , with four additional episodes airing between December 2012 and May 2013 .	A third anime series , , also by Studio Gokumi , aired between January and April 2014 .	A spin-off series to `` Achiga-hen `` , `` Side story of -Saki- : Shinohayu the dawn of age `` , began serialization in `` Big Gangan `` from September 2013 .	Another spin-off manga illustrated by Meki Meki , `` Toki `` , began serialization in `` Big Gangan `` from June 2016 .
1	He is currently the Creative Director for Kaleidoscope , WA 's first light and illumination festival .	Drew Anthony ( born 14 January 1969 ) is an Australian performer , director , choreographer and producer .	For the past 6 years he was the Associate Artistic Director / Producer for David Atkins Enterprises ( DAE ) .	He was the Associate Artistic Director / Producer for the 2017 edition of White Night Melbourne and White Night Ballarat and was the Associate Artistic Director for the Closing Ceremony of the Sydney Olympic Games , the Ceremonies of the 12th Arab Games , Doha 2011 , Rugby World Cup 2011 , and the 2010 Winter Olympics opening ceremony , in Vancouver .	Anthony directed the Sony IFA event in Berlin , Germany and the Olivia Newton-John and Friends charity gala event at the State Theatre in Sydney .
1	He has been engaged in wrestling since 1997 and he currently competes for Levski Sofia , where his coach is former world champion and triple European champion Simeon Shterev , who also coaches Stanka Zlateva .	Radoslav Marinov Velikov ( ; born 2 September 1983 in Kutsina , Veliko Tarnovo Province ) is a Bulgarian freestyle wrestler .	Velikov won the 2006 World Championships in Guangzhou and came second in 2005 in Budapest .	He came second at the European Championships in Varna in 2005 and third in Europe in Sofia in 2007 .	At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens he came ninth .
0	The Rolls-Royce Olympus ( originally the Bristol B.E.10 Olympus ) was the world 's first two-spool axial-flow turbojet aircraft engine design , dating from November 1946 , although not the first to run or enter service .	It was originally developed and produced by Bristol Aero Engines .	First running in 1950 , its initial use was as the powerplant of the Avro Vulcan V bomber .	The design was further developed for supersonic performance as part of the BAC TSR-2 programme .	Later it saw production as the Rolls-Royce / Snecma Olympus 593 , the powerplant for Concorde SST .
4	Spectrum Brands moved its Headquarters to Middleton , WI in October 2013 .	Spectrum Brands Holdings , Inc. is an American diversified company established in 2005 as the successor company to Rayovac Corporation .	Rayovac had been located in Wisconsin since its conception as The French Battery Company in 1906 .	Rayovac , as a division of Spectrum Brands , remained headquartered in Madison , Wisconsin , along with Remington even while the parent company , Spectrum Brands , was headquartered in Georgia .	On April 15 , 2010 Spectrum Brands announced that it would be moving Corporate Headquarters back to Madison , WI .
4	On March 20 , 2013 , the Butler administration announced that the school would join the Big East , and moved to the new league July 1 , 2013 .	The Butler Bulldogs are the athletic teams that represent Butler University , located in Indianapolis .	The Bulldogs participate in 19 NCAA Division I intercollegiate sports .	After leaving the Horizon League following the 2011 – 12 season , nearly all teams competed in the Atlantic 10 Conference .	The football team is a founding member of the non-scholarship Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) -level Pioneer League .
1	Its summit is above sea level .	Green Hill is a mountain or fell in north west England .	It is located above Cowan Bridge , Lancashire , near Kirkby Lonsdale , Cumbria , and Ingleton , North Yorkshire .	Its summit is about 4 kilometres ( 2 ½ miles ) almost due west of the summit of Whernside .	It forms the watershed between the River Dee and the Leck Beck : both are tributaries of the River Lune .
1	He is currently Executive Director of a private , nonprofit foundation in Puerto Rico .	Alfredo Salazar ( born in San Juan Puerto Rico ) is an economist by education and a banker by profession .	He entered into public service and ran for an elected position affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico ( PDP ) .	He ran for the office of Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico in the United States Congress in the 2008 elections .	Prior to running for Congress , he served as Chairman and President of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank ( GDB ) and financial advisor to the then governor of Puerto Rico , Aníbal Acevedo Vilá .
1	The tour supported his seventh studio album `` Madness `` .	Madness Tour is the eleventh concert tour by Australian recording artist Guy Sebastian .	This is Sebastian ’ s first national full-scale production arena tour similar to international acts touring Australia .	Sebastian said winning the Best Live Act at the 2014 ARIAs last year for his sold out 53-date Get Along Tour supporting his `` Armageddon `` album helped him decide it was time to play the big stages .	He joins an elite club of local acts who have undertaken arenas tours , including AC / DC , Keith Urban , John Farnham , Delta Goodrem , Kylie Minogue and Jimmy Barnes .
2	It has an ESRB rating of E for moments of mild violence and peril .	Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake is the seventh installment in the Nancy Drew point-and-click adventure game series by Her Interactive .	The game is available for play on Microsoft Windows platforms .	Players take on the first-person view of fictional amateur sleuth Nancy Drew and must solve the mystery through interrogation of suspects , solving puzzles , and discovering clues .	There are two levels of gameplay , Junior and Senior detective modes , each offering a different difficulty level of puzzles and hints , however neither of these changes affect the actual plot of the game .
2	1 song on ChristianRock.net , and `` Tonight `` was in the Top 5 .	Kutless is the self-titled debut album of Christian rock group , Kutless , released in 2002 .	The songs `` Run `` and `` Your Touch `` both reached No .	The album reached The `` Billboard `` Top Heatseekers Albums chart peaking at No .	48 .
1	Built on the north bank of the Republican River in August or September 1864 , it was named for George D. Brooks .	Fort Brooks , in northwest Clay County , Kansas , was located three miles west of Clifton , Kansas .	Brooks , an ensign in the Shirley County Militia , owned the farm on which the fort was located .	Capt .	Isaac M. Schooley , the militia commander , was also the fort 's commander .
4	It stands Immediately Behind Brisbane City Hall .	275 George Street is a office building located on George Street in Brisbane , Australia .	Completed in February 2009 , it has 32 storeys .	The building was developed by Charter Hall and constructed by Watpac .	It was designed by Sydney-based firm Crone Partners .
4	At the center of the community is the former Eugene Leland Memorial Hospital , now known as the Crescent Cities Health and Rehabilitation Center .	The West Riverdale Historic District is a national historic district located at Riverdale Park , Prince George 's County , Maryland , a railroad suburb located northeast of Washington , D.C .	The neighborhood was appended to the town of Riverdale Park soon after it was laid out and platted in 1906 , and later enlarged in 1937 .	The district is defined by a modest variety of architectural styles and building types ranging from early-20th century vernacular interpretations of popular styles to diluted , suburbanized examples of revival styles that dominated the second quarter of the 20th century .	These styles represent modest examples of Queen Anne , Colonial Revival , Spanish Colonial Revival , Craftsman , and Tudor Revival forms .
1	Alagoas `` participated in the Passagem de Humaitá in February 1868 and provided fire support for the army for the rest of the war .	The Brazilian monitor `` Alagoas `` was the third ship of the river monitors built for the Brazilian Navy during the Paraguayan War in the late 1860s . ``	The ship was assigned to the Upper Uruguay ( ) Flotilla after the war . ``	Alagoas `` was transferred to Rio de Janeiro in the 1890s and participated in the Fleet Revolt of 1893 – 94 .	The ship was scrapped in 1900 .
3	Arkansans enthusiastically supported the Mexican – American War in 1846 and many future leaders of the Arkansas Confederate forces gained valuable experience during the conflict .	The history of the Arkansas Militia and the Mexican – American War began when the Territory of Arkansas gained admission to the Union as the 25th State on June 15 , 1836 .	Within days the State Governor received a request for troops to relieve federal troops securing the border with Mexico .	Ironically the Arkansas National Guard found itself conducting similar missions during the Mexican Expedition of 1916 and again during Operation Jump Start in 2006 .	The performance of Arkansas troops during the invasion of northern Mexico and the Battle of Buena Vista did not bring great credit upon the state .
2	The island 's elevation is above sea level .	Tuxis Island , sometimes uncommonly spelled Tunxis , is a small , uninhabited island about off the shore of Madison in New Haven County , Connecticut in the United States .	Tuxis Island is about in area , and covered mostly in trees .	Tuxis Island was formed by glaciers , a fact that is evident by the many glacial potholes and small boulders on the south of the island .	The island itself is made mostly of granite , like most of the other islands nearby , although there is some sand .
0	In electronic commerce , conversion marketing is the act of converting site visitors into paying customers .	The process of improving the conversion rate is called conversion rate optimization .	However , different sites may consider a `` conversion `` to be some sort of result other than a sale .	One example of a conversion event other than a sale is if a customer were to abandon an online shopping cart , the company could market a special offer , for example , free shipping , to convert the visitor into a paying customer .	A company may also try to recover the abandoner through an online engagement method such as proactive chat in an attempt to assist the customer through the purchase process .
0	Susan Kolb ( born November 26 , 1954 ) is a medical doctor in Atlanta , Georgia and the author of `` The Naked Truth about Breast Impants : From Harm to Healing `` .	Kolb 's medical practice combines conventional , holistic and integrative medicine with spiritual healing .	Her area of specialization is plastic and reconstructive surgery .	Kolb is a medical authority on the complications arising from breast implants , and has been an active voice in the debate about the safety of breast implant devices since 1996 .	She has treated over 2,000 women suffering from breast implant disease and related systemic immune disorders .
0	Michael Collins ( born October 31 , 1930 ) ( Major General , USAF , Ret . )	, is an American former astronaut and test pilot .	Selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 , he flew into space twice .	His first spaceflight was on Gemini 10 , in which he and Command Pilot John Young performed two rendezvous with different spacecraft and Collins undertook two extra-vehicular activities ( EVAs ) .	His second spaceflight was as the Command Module Pilot for Apollo 11 .
4	He has also conducted several musical shows , such as the ballets `` A Boston Cinderella ! ``	Bernard Hoffer ( born October 14 , 1934 ) is a Swiss-born American composer and conductor .	He is best known for his work on American cartoons such as `` Thundercats `` and `` Silverhawks `` .	He worked on several of Rankin / Bass ' television series and specials .	The music he developed for `` The MacNeil-Lehrer Report `` , still used on `` The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer `` , was nominated for an Emmy Award , and he has won six Clio Awards for his work on commercials .
3	The almost `` equivalent `` OF-2 officer , e.g .	Kapitan ( derived from ; before Latin : `` capitaneus `` – ( military ) leader , count , or chairman of a parish council ; or from Latin : `` caput `` – head , main , chief , primary , principal , general , central , leading , etc . )	is used manifold as rank , grade , or rank designation in the Army , Air Force or Navy of numerous countries and armed forces .	In member countries of NATO-alliance `` Kapitan `` is a commissioned officer rank , rated OF-2 in line to the NATO officers rank system .	in the US Army , is the Captain rank .
1	It required SS guards to shoot prisoners who tried to escape or engage in resistance and to do so without verbal warning or a warning shot .	The Postenpflicht ( `` Duty of Guards `` ) was part of a written order for SS guards in Nazi concentration camps regarding the use of firearms .	This was relevant for example regarding the so-called `` death strip `` next to camp fences .	The area next to these fences was off-limits and anyone getting too close to it was , in accordance with the Postenpflicht , killed without warning .	The order stated that failure to shoot would result in the dismissal or arrest of the guard .
4	Many bear bird 's-beak-shaped flowers in shades of pink or purple .	Cordylanthus is a genus of plants in the broomrape family native to western North America .	They are known commonly as bird 's beaks .	Like other broomrape relatives , bird 's beaks are root parasites which insert haustoria into the roots of host plants to obtain nutrients .	These are spare , weedy-looking annual plants with long branching erect stems and little foliage .
2	The disorder is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion and , although rare , is the most common genetic cause of childhood kidney failure .	Nephronophthisis is a genetic disorder of the kidneys which affects children .	It is classified as a medullary cystic kidney disease .	It is a form of ciliopathy .	Its incidence has been estimated to be 0.9 cases per million people in the United States , and 1 in 50,000 births in Canada .
0	Yantaromyrmex is an extinct genus of ants first described in 2013 .	Members of this genus are in the subfamily Dolichoderinae of the family Formicidae , known from Middle Eocene to Early Oligocene fossils found in Europe .	The genus currently contains five described species , `` Y. constrictus `` , `` Y. geinitzi `` , `` Y. intermedius `` , `` Y. mayrianum `` and `` Y. samlandicus `` .	The first specimens were collected in 1868 and studied by Austrian entomologist Gustav Mayr , who originally placed the fossils in other ant genera until the fossils were reviewed and subsequently placed into their own genus .	These ants are small , measuring from in length and can be characterized by their trapazoidal shaped head-capsules and oval compound eyes that are located slightly to the rear of the capsules midpoint , with no known ocelli present .
1	Built in 1838 , it was for many years home to Owen Lovejoy ( 1811-1864 ) , a prominent abolitionist and congressman .	The Owen Lovejoy House is a historic house museum on East Peru Street in Princeton , Illinois .	Lovejoy was an open operator of shelter and support on the Underground Railroad , and his house contains a concealed compartment in which escaped slaves could be hidden .	It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1997 .	It is open seasonally or by appointment for tours .
4	He has recently executive produced a TV series with the renowned Italian criminologist , Massimo Picozzi , for the skyitalia series ' Segreti , Bugie e Omicidi , an Italian language documentary season which helped launch CI Italia .	William ( Will ) Hanrahan is a British television / radio producer and presenter best known for working on BBC programmes such as `` Watchdog `` and `` Good Morning `` .	Since 1994 he has headed an independent TV company which currently produces studio programming and documentaries for the BBC and Sky TV , A & E , Foxtel , Discovery and UKTV .	He is a three-times Royal Television Society Award winner and his programmes are currently airing in over 70 countries .	He has executive produced for both the BBC and ITV working with Alistair McGowan on the BBC Restoration project , and Chris Tarrant on the BBC Four History of the World in 100 objects series .
4	Ira Wolf Tuton from Yeasayer provided the bass lines for the song and Khan did the rest of the instrumentation herself .	`` Daniel `` is a song by English recording artist Bat for Lashes , from her second studio album , `` Two Suns `` .	It is her best selling single to date , selling over 46,000 copies worldwide .	The song was announced as the lead single from `` Two Suns `` in January 2009 , then released as a digital download single on 1 March 2009 , and as a 7 `` vinyl single on 6 April 2009 .	The track was written by Natasha Khan and produced by David Kosten , as with all tracks on the album .
3	The lead single and title track of the album , `` Albatross `` , was released on November 21 , 2011 .	Albatross is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Big Wreck .	It is the band 's first album since their 2001 release `` The Pleasure and the Greed `` , and the first without original members Dave Henning and Forrest Williams .	The album was released on March 6 , 2012 .	On March 26 , the band released a music video of the album 's second single , `` Wolves `` .
1	It is also considered to be of the 4X genre .	Sword of Aragon is a turn-based strategy and role-playing game developed and published by Strategic Simulations in 1989 .	Set in the fictional land of Aragon , the games casts its protagonist as the duke of a city named Aladda .	After assuming rule over the city and avenging his father 's death , the protagonist embarks on a quest to unify the land through conquest .	Accomplishing this goal entails developing cities , recruiting armies , and directing the troops on the fields of battle to victory .
1	Approximately 30 percent of Esmeraldas ( Ecuador ) was destroyed , including the children 's department of the hospital , where three children died .	The 1958 Ecuador – Colombia earthquake struck the coastal regions of Ecuador and Colombia on January 19 with a surface wave magnitude of 7.6 at 9 : 09 local time .	In all , 111 persons died and 45 were injured as a result of the earthquake .	Water mains were broken and power transmission lines were damaged .	The Esmeraldas-Quito highway collapsed at many places .
3	Most of the pieces were originally published between 1969 and 1972 in the magazines `` The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction `` and `` Playboy `` .	The Flight of the Horse is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Larry Niven , first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in September 1973 , and reprinted in January 1974 , January 1975 , December 1976 , December 1977 , November 1978 , January 1981 , December 1982 , and October 1985 .	The first British edition was published by Orbit Books in June 1975 and reprinted in 1979 , 1982 , August 1986 , 1988 , and March 1999 .	The book has also been translated into Italian .	The others are original to the collection .
1	The focus of OCTIP 's mandate is human rights , specifically those of the victims of human trafficking .	The Office to Combat Trafficking in Persons ( OCTIP ) is a government agency responsible for coordinating efforts to address human trafficking in British Columbia , Canada .	OCTIP formed in 2007 , making British Columbia the first province of Canada to address human trafficking in a formal manner .	In 2008 , the United States Department of State released a report on human trafficking in Canada that was generally critical of the Government of Canada for failing to address the issue , but the report praised the efforts of the Executive Council of British Columbia , specifically citing their creation of OCTIP .	In June 2011 , OCTIP launched a training program to certify first responders to identify , protect , and assist victims of human trafficking in the province .
3	Most of California 's wind generation is found in the Tehachapi area of Kern County , with some big projects in Solano , Contra Costa and Riverside counties as well .	As of December 31 , 2016 , California has 5,662 megawatts ( MW ) of wind powered electricity generating capacity .	California 's wind power capacity has grown by nearly 350 % since 2001 , when it was less than 1,700 MW .	As of the end of September 2012 , wind energy ( including that supplied by other states ) now supplies about 5 % of California ’ s total electricity needs , or enough to power more than 400,000 households .	California is among the states with the largest amount of installed wind power capacity .
3	It is published by the Société de l ’ École des chartes ( Association of the Archive Training School ) and distributed by Librairie Droz .	The Bibliothèque de l 'École des Chartes is a journal dedicated to the study and use of medieval manuscripts .	It was founded in 1839 and continues to provide bi-annual issues with articles and abstracts in French , English , and German .	Starting in 1995 , one issue each year is devoted to a particular theme .	As of 2016 , the director is Michelle Bubenicek .
1	L. 107-40 , codified at 115 Stat .	The Authorization for Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) , Pub .	224 and passed as S.J.Res .	23 by the United States Congress on September 14 , 2001 , authorizes the use of United States Armed Forces against those responsible for the attacks on September 11 , 2001 and any `` associated forces `` .	The authorization granted the President the authority to use all `` necessary and appropriate force `` against those whom he determined `` planned , authorized , committed or aided `` the September 11th attacks , or who harbored said persons or groups .
