1	Dan was overweight as well .	Dan 's parents were overweight .	The doctors told his parents it was unhealthy .	His parents understood and decided to make a change .	They got themselves and Dan on a diet .
4	The bike frame bent and Carrie got a deep gash on her leg .	Carrie had just learned how to ride a bike .	She did n't have a bike of her own .	Carrie would sneak rides on her sister 's bike .	She got nervous on a hill and crashed into a wall .
4	Her boyfriend was upset he did n't propose to her first .	Morgan enjoyed long walks on the beach .	She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk .	After walking for over a mile , something happened .	Morgan decided to propose to her boyfriend .
3	Jane did n't know how to react .	Jane was working at a diner .	Suddenly , a customer barged up to the counter .	He began yelling about how long his food was taking .	Luckily , her coworker intervened and calmed the man down .
0	I was talking to my crush today .	She continued to complain about guys flirting with her .	I decided to agree with what she says and listened to her patiently .	After I got home , I got a text from her .	She asked if we can hang out tomorrow .
1	He got a call from his girlfriend , asking where he was .	Frank had been drinking beer .	Frank suddenly realized he had a date that night .	Since Frank was already a bit drunk , he could not drive .	Frank spent the rest of the night drinking more beers .
3	He went into the cave , and he was terrified when he found a shark !	Dave was in the Bahamas on vacation .	He decided to go snorkeling on his second day .	While snorkeling , he saw a cave up ahead .	Dave swam away as fast as he could , but the shark caught and ate Dave .
4	Sunny found some sunglasses and headed back to the beach .	Sunny enjoyed going to the beach .	As she stepped out of her car , she realized she forgot something .	It was quite sunny and she forgot her sunglasses .	Sunny got back into her car and heading towards the mall .
2	Sally flew to visit her mom and her mom 's new husband .	Sally was happy when her widowed mom found a new man .	She discovered her siblings did n't feel the same .	Although her mom was obviously in love , he was nothing like her dad .	Sally went home and wondered about her parents ' marriage .
2	Dan pretended that his ball actually landed on the green .	Dan hit his golf ball and watched it go .	The ball bounced on the grass and into the sand trap .	His friends were not paying attention so they believed him .	Dan snuck a ball on the green and made his putt from 10 feet .
0	Josh had a parrot that talked .	He brought his parrot to school .	During show and tell , Josh 's parrot said a bad word .	The teacher told Joshua not to bring his bird again .	When Josh got home , he was grounded .
2	Hal 's dog strained so hard , the leash broke !	Hal was walking his dog one morning .	A cat ran across their path .	He chased the cat for several minutes .	Finally Hal lured him back to his side .
1	He was a successful artist with a promising future .	Brenda was in love with her boyfriend Maxwell .	Maxwell told Brenda he needed to talk to her .	She thought he 'd propose but he wanted to break up .	Brenda walked away and now she is the saddest girl out of everyone .
4	She ended up enjoying the meal .	Yanice opened the fridge and found nothing to eat .	However , there were leftovers .	She mixed it up in an attempt to make lunch .	Since the place needed meat , she also fried and eggs .
3	I talked to him for an hour .	I saw my friend Joe sitting in lobby today .	I kept him company , as he is a lonely old man .	He told me he had just listened to Beethoven 's Ninth .	I left him in the lobby and told him I would see him soon .
0	Twas the night after the first day of junior high .	Amy and her friend Beth were on the phone .	They had a lot to catch up on .	Amy listened patiently as Beth told her about her day .	She wanted to go 2nd because she knew hers was the better day .
2	After he won , he went on to using drugs .	I knew of a young man who won the lottery .	He used to ride lawn mowers .	He blew a lot of money .	Eventually his winnings were revoked after a dui .
4	The shopper gave the homeless man a nice warm blanket .	A die hard shopper was waiting in the long line outside .	It was miserably cold .	The shopper saw a homeless man shivering in the alleyway .	He gave up his place in the line and brought a gift back from his car .
2	The six of them sat around a big table .	Jeff invited his friends over to play board games on Saturday night .	They arrived at his house early that evening .	They took turns deciding which game to play .	They spent six hours playing different board games .
1	Today he would finally screen in this back porch .	Chuck reclined on the back porch as he sipped his morning coffee .	He gathered his tools and material supplies .	He labored all day to finish the job .	That night he snuggled with his wife on the bug free porch .
2	They had a great time , but covered in a lot of sticky sand .	Jessica decided she wanted to go to the beach .	She invited all her friends to go along .	They searched for a shower for what felt like ages .	Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever .
4	He received a puppy with a shiny bow on it 's head !	Dan wanted a pet for Christmas .	He told his dad .	His dad listened , but did n't say anything .	So on Christmas morning , And got a wonderful surprise .
1	The girls competed against each other .	Kelly and her friends decided to have a hot dog contest .	They had to make the best tasting one .	When it was over , Kelly won .	She won a medal .
0	Dan was watching a Youtube video .	His mom was in the kitchen , doing dishes .	Suddenly , Dan ran into the kitchen and started crying .	He had just seen a video of a man trampled by an elephant .	His mom made Youtube off limits to Dan .
1	He had no money to pay for a new one .	Jeff wanted to move out of his house .	One day he bought a scratching ticket .	He won enough money for a down payment .	Jeff ended up moving to a new house .
0	I was walking to school .	Since I was n't looking at my feet , I stepped on a rock .	I landed on the ground in pain .	Thankfully , a stranger rushed to pick me up .	He took me to the hospital to seek treatment .
4	She drove home and the coffee fell off and spilled .	Lily drove into town for some errands .	While she was there , she bought a large iced coffee to go .	It was delicious and refreshing and she could n't wait to finish it .	She put it on her car roof while fishing for her keys .
4	Todd buys everything he needed and goes home and cooks .	Todd was hungry .	He did not have anything to cook at his house .	He decided he need to go buy something to cook .	On the way to the store Todd decided to make hamburgers .
3	His wife complained again , saying bright green still clashed .	Virgil brought home a bright blue recliner he had found online .	His wife thought it was hideous and clashed with the decor .	Virgil bought some fabric and had it reupholstered .	Virgil gave up and threw the recliner away .
4	Jenna had learned her lesson .	Jenna was at the community pool with her family .	She thought she could go out to the deeper end by herself .	Without telling anyone , she swam out farther , and lost her footing .	The lifeguard had to help her out of the water .
3	Joan felt relief as she left the confessional .	Joan entered the confessional and kneeled .	She thought she was confessing to the old parish priest .	Joan confessed she had fantasized about the young visiting priest .	Then she saw the old parish priest pull up in his car .
3	And during the movie , they made lots of noise .	Homer decided to go watch a movie .	But when he entered the movie theater , there was no where to sit .	He found one spot by a bunch of kids .	Homer became so annoyed , he decided to sit in the aisle .
0	Chip loved dip .	At one party , he put his chip into the dip and double dipped .	Skip saw Chip double dip .	Skip had to flip at seeing the double dip .	Chip then had to punch Skip on the lip .
3	She summoned her courage and asked him , expecting a rejection .	Anna wanted to invite her crush Peter to the Sadie Hawkins dance .	But Peter was very cute and popular .	Anna feared her was far out of her league .	But to her joy , Peter happily agreed to be her date !
2	She now knew how the boy felt .	Gina had been being mean to the new boy in her class .	Then a bully began picking on Gina .	Gina realized she should stop being mean .	She realized she should also apologize to the new boy .
0	Jerry was making toast .	He set it to medium .	When the toast came out it was completely burnt .	He tried other settings with no better results .	Eventually Jerry bought a new toaster .
4	My bank refused to reverse more than half .	Last week I accidentally overdrafted my account .	A restaurant charged me too much by mistake .	Afterward I made five more purchases .	I had hundreds of dollars in overdraft fees .
3	After a week Frank had over 10000 views .	Frank was laughing so hard he started crying .	His dog fell into the trash and could n't get out .	He took a video of it and posted it online .	Frank knew this was as famous as he would ever be .
2	She had it implanted and then waited eagerly for her first sound .	Ty had been deaf all her life , but now she was hoping to hear .	Her doctor had offered her a new kind of super-powered hearing aid .	And she heard hundreds , voices and music and more !	She loved those sounds so much that she became a musician .
4	The steward found that the voice was coming from Bob 's pocket phone .	Bob walked into the ship elevator and heard a voice on the speaker .	He told his wife the voice sounded the same as his audio book .	They were surprised to hear the voice in the hallway to their cabin .	The voice could still be in their cabin , so they called the steward .
2	John puts cream and sugar in his cup and thermos .	John is sleepy .	He starts a pot of coffee .	He then adds coffee to both .	After finishing the cup , he takes the thermos to work with him .
0	Susan was excited to plan her first egg hunt in the South .	She found it fun to hide the candy filled eggs in green grass .	The sun was high in the sky when the egg hunt started .	Soon , kids were opening eggs and bursting into tears .	Susan saw that all the candy inside had melted in the sun .
3	Ann 's mom disapproved of Bob 's religion .	Bob met Ann and they started dating .	They got along very well .	But Bob was Lutheran and Ann was Catholic .	Bob wants to marry Ann someday but is worried he ca n't .
4	They still worried that Jen looked too thin and offered her some cake .	Jen 's in laws frustrated her to no end .	They all went out to have lunch .	At lunch , the in laws made it a point to ask Jen about her weight .	Jen told them that she had gained a few pounds in the last two weeks .
1	He took the bit from the machine and looked at it .	The woodworker was not satisfied with the cuts from a bit .	The bit had been worn away by a lot of use .	He took it to a sharpener and began to grind it .	After a while the old bit was as good as new .
3	However , one of the teachers around the area helped me get up .	I came out of my class and walked to my locker .	I pressed my foot on a broken tile and fell on the ground .	At first , no one was willing to help me up .	She took me to the school 's nurse .
2	For his 16th birthday his parents surprised him with flying lessons .	Timmy was always obsessed with airplanes .	His dream was to be a pilot .	He loved every minute of it .	He was sure that 's what he wanted to do after that .
2	We had facials .	Last night my wife and I went to the spa .	We both got relaxing massages .	We soaked in warm water and stayed in the sauna .	It was very nice .
1	He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions .	Greg decided to join marching band .	He even got his own instrument .	The day of tryouts came and all his work was for nothing .	It was n't that he did n't made it , it 's that everyone got accepted .
0	Lisa has a beautiful sapphire ring .	She always takes it off to wash her hands .	One afternoon , she noticed it was missing from her finger !	Lisa searched everywhere she had been that day .	She was elated when she found it on the bathroom floor !
2	Kim decided to drink coffee and eat oatmeal .	It was usually hot were Kim lived .	But everyone was surprised when it was cold one day .	So she was glad that the weather was cold .	But the next day , it was too hot to enjoy hot food and drinks .
0	A bus driver wanted to save gas so he did n't come to a full stop .	He slowed down just enough for people to hop on the bus .	A man jumped at the doorway but missed .	The bus driver felt that if you fell you did n't deserve a ride .	He did n't stop to help the man back on the bus .
4	After the exterminator killed all of the rats , Gary felt peace .	Gary was looking through his fridge for snacks .	While looking at his food , he noticed everything had small bite marks .	After looking through his kitchen , he determined he had mice .	Gary called the local exterminator , who went to Gary 's house quickly .
3	On opening night , she acted her little heart out .	Natalie had auditioned for the lead in the school play .	She won the part and was super excited .	She rehearsed for weeks and weeks .	The play was a huge success !
2	He then took out a huge thing of vinegar , and started to pour it in !	Mr Egg was presenting a volcanic eruption to the science class .	He had a diagram of a volcano that looked like it was made of tinfoil .	The class had no clue what was going on and looked on in astonishment .	The volcano then exploded with substance that looked like lava !
0	Samantha 's dad always taught her how to be self-sufficient .	He even taught her how to change a tire on a car .	One day Samantha 's tire blew while she was driving .	She was able to properly change her tire .	Samantha was very grateful to be able to get home safely .
2	I kept him in the small shed on the edge of the farm .	One day , a pig wandered onto my parents farm .	I always wanted one for a pet , so I did my best to keep it a secret .	I snuck him food and water and played with him everyday .	One day , he was gone , but I hope he found his way back home .
3	She saw these deer were scrawny , mangy and had terrified eyes .	Jane passed a small park-like zoo she remembered visiting as a child .	She turned her car into the park , feeling nostalgic .	Jane went to see the deer , like the ones she once fed by hand .	Jane wished she had never stopped the car .
3	The movie was much better than she anticipated .	It had been a long day .	Mary was ready to sit back and relax .	She put on a movie and made some popcorn .	She was glad she took this time to unwind .
3	After about an hour she looked sad .	Jill was excited to ski for the first time .	Her dad took her to the bunny slope .	She caught on very quickly .	When her dad asked why she said because she thought she 'd see bunnies .
4	Mark packed up his equipment and went home .	Mark likes to play guitar .	Mark booked a gig at a local coffeeshop .	Mark played guitar for 2 hours .	The 50 people who showed up applauded him .
0	Billy 's car broke down on the highway .	He looked under the hood and realized his starter was broken .	The nearest mechanic quoted Billy 300 dollars , which was far too much .	He instead called a friend who came and fixed the starter for $ 100 .	Billy drove away happily with a functioning engine .
3	Soon her cart was full .	Frankie had Christmas shopping to do .	She went to the store .	Inside , she walked around looking for gifts .	She paid and took her things home .
0	Rex had given up on any dreams of becoming a father .	He was never a good looking man and he did n't have any money .	One day Rex met a nice woman who liked him despite his shortcomings .	They became married and eventually had a son .	Rex is very proud that he is now a father .
1	She was planning on moving on California .	Laura had just graduated college .	She packed all her belongings in her car and drove 18 hours .	When she arrived at her new apartment she unpacked all her things .	Laura loved the new change of scenery at her new place .
4	Mia cheered loudly and thought that she helped score that goal .	Mia sat at home in her living room watching sports .	Her favorite soccer team was playing their rival .	To encourage her team , she began chanting positive phrases .	During her chant , her favorite team scored a goal .
2	She has no way of escape .	Shannon was driving in the highway .	She then sees a car heading right towards her .	The car hits her and both cars are wrecked .	She is alright though
2	When she saw nate walking , she tried to run to the cafeteria .	Nate could n't stop calling Diana .	When she arrived in school , she looked in all directions .	He did n't see her for the whole day .	She was able to get on the school bus to go home without seeing him .
4	Sandy was soon back to normal , regularly going out and enjoying life .	After her divorce , Sandy spent a lot of time alone .	Her friends asked her to socialize with them , but she demurred .	Her friends descended upon her with food and movies to watch .	They had a very fun evening and Sandy realized she had missed them .
3	Shortly after , he grew fond of the pig .	Bogart lived on a farm .	He loved bacon .	He decided to buy a pig .	Bogart stopped eating bacon .
4	It was a wonderful field trip .	The preschoolers were going on a field trip .	Their teachers took them to the fire station .	They talked to the firefighters .	They saw the fire truck .
3	She began to dread seeing him .	Gina 's crush sat behind her in class .	He was rude .	And way more obnoxious than she had realized .	Gina realized he was n't her type after all .
4	Amazingly , she won the part .	Olivia was a ballerina .	Her dream was to dance internationally .	One day , the opportunity for an audition came up .	She went for it , and tried out .
1	He worked at an electronic store .	Tim was a salesman .	One day he had customers who were unsure .	He convinced them to buy .	Tim even convinced them to get an extended warranty .
2	When Jeff turned around , And shouted .	Today was April Fools Day and everyone played pranks on each other .	Jeff was sneaking towards Dan , who was sitting down .	The chair ended up breaking when Jeff called .	Dan could n't help but laugh .
3	Betty ended up buying some ice , some cream , and some mint .	Betty had a craving for mint ice cream .	She went to a local ice cream parlor , but they did n't have mint .	She went to a grocery store , but they did n't have mint either .	Betty went home and made delicious ice cream herself .
3	And within one year Cade was the tallest boy in his class .	Cade is short , and gets picked on at school .	His mother tells him he will soon grow very tall like his dad .	Within a few months Cade had grow a whole inch .	Cade was no longer picked on for being short !
2	She went down a dark road that was covered in water	Amber drove home from work one night	It was really bad weather outside	she could not tell how deep the water was and drove into a flood	she messed up her car bad , and it had to be towed
0	Erica wanted to help her mom this Thanksgiving .	She wanted to make chicken pot pie for her family .	She bought all the ingredients at the store .	When she came home she remembered her oven was n't working .	She was able to bake her chicken pot pie at her neighbor 's house .
3	But his dog was hiding and did not come to him .	Ben came home one day and found a huge mess .	His plants were knocked over and newspaper was everywhere , shredded .	Ben called for his dog sternly .	It knew it had done something bad !
4	She caught the next bus to work .	Sarah was on a bus to her work .	She had to pee very badly .	She could n't hold it much longer .	She got off the bus early to pee .
4	James was able to buy the car off the seller for a discount .	James needed a new pick up truck for work .	He hauled wooden logs for a living .	He searched all over on craigslist .	Finally he found a red truck that he liked .
2	They like them to help bring all their stuff with them .	Susie sells the 31 products for extra money .	They are totes that are sold to mother 's typically .	It makes for easier travel and they are stylish .	So far she has done a great job selling them .
0	Mike was making dinner .	He was making a pasta and started with the sauce .	He used tomatoes and fresh vegetables .	And got fresh herbs from his garden .	But forgot he had no pasta to heat up !
0	Today on the view there was a lot of fighting .	When the women were talking about hot topics they disagreed .	The war topic made them polarized .	Rosie and Elizabeth went at it fighting about the war .	The fight was so bad the producers had to go to splitscreen .
1	They had to play each other for the number 1 ranking spot .	Elliott and Tim were on a high school tennis team .	The match needed to be played , it was pouring rain , and Elliott won .	Tim complained the next day to the coach about the rain being unfair .	The coach replied `` Was it raining on both sides of the court ? ''
4	I decided to find a wife so I could start a family .	Today I saw a woman with a baby .	She was helping the baby eat lunch .	I was thinking about what it would be like to be feeding a baby .	I decided that I wanted a baby someday .
2	They could n't contain their excitement .	Louisa and her family took a trip to Epcot .	The family was super excited .	The moment they got to the park they took pictures .	At the end of the day they spent ten hours at the park .
3	She was petrified and prayed to get out of the test .	Joanie 's mom signed her up for swimming lessons at a lake .	Each day she rode a bus to the lake to take lessons .	Joanie learned the final test was swimming from a boat to shore .	On the last day of lessons , the bus broke down and she was spared .
0	I tried to start jogging last week .	I got my running shoes on and went out .	I was excited and ready to go when it started to rainy .	I turned around and went home instead .	It has n't rained since but I have n't wanted to risk it .
3	He put a bowl of soup into the microwave .	John woke up sick today .	He washed his face in the bathroom .	John went into the kitchen to make some soup .	John dropped the soup when he grabbed it from the microwave .
4	He lost motivation to go to the gym .	Tyrese joined a new gym .	The membership allows him to work out for a year .	Tyrese got very distracted during the year .	He lost his job and his grandfather died .
3	He came back in smelling like a dead animal .	Ryder needed to go outside .	His owner opened the door for him .	Ryder played outside .	Ryder had to get a bath .
1	He is only two weeks into his job and he is nervous .	Jimmy just became a police officer in Chicago .	Every time he responds to calls he gets very worried .	His partner told him that the nerves go away in time .	That news made Jimmy feel a little better .
3	Someone else had already paid for a full tank of gas for him .	Tony needed to get gas on his way home .	He only had enough money to fill half of his tank .	When he went to pay for it , he was did n't owe anything .	Tony felt double blessed after getting gas on his way home .
3	She learned that he was a great guitar player .	Taylor started working for a man named Mark .	She wanted to make a good impression on him .	She began asking questions about him in hopes of finding an affinity .	Taylor and Mark ended up forming a band together .
4	We had trouble lifting them on moving day , but we managed .	We moved from our condo in 2013 .	We had been in our condo since 1987 .	My wife went to the store to buy moving boxes .	She bought boxes that were too large .
3	She met other kids .	The girl was scared to go outside .	Her mom encouraged her to go .	She ended up going .	They were all nice and played with her .
0	Trevor and his wife were at home on his day off .	They decided to spend their day watching a movie together .	Right as they sat down to start the movie , they heard a doorbell .	Trevor got the door and saw his parents had come to visit .	They all sat and watched the movie together on the couch .
3	The stylist did not charge her but that did not fix her hair .	Sally decided to get a haircut .	She went to the stylist and got her cut .	She was upset when she realized the stylist cut it way too short .	She waited for months for her hair to grow back out .
3	Her grandmother gave her yarn to glue on for hair .	kyle 's mom had been in the military and was very proud of it .	She found her pet watermelon Mel in the corner of the garden .	She painted eyes and a mouth onto her pet with the marker .	Lucy hugged Me goodnight , and went inside to have dinner .
2	He went to the store .	Jan 's lamp broke .	Jan decided to get a new lamp .	He found a lamp he liked .	He bought the lamp .
2	Aaron Gordon and Zach LaVine put on a great show for the fans !	This year I watched the NBA dunk contest with my friends .	The dunks were out of this world !	I have never seen those kind of dunks before in my life !	Zach LaVine barely beat Aaron Gordon in the finals .
2	He clung to his mother 's leg , but she finally left and he had to stay .	It was Tyler 's first day of Kindergarten .	He was very nervous .	After a little while , he started to take part in the class .	By the end of the day , he was glad he had gone !
2	When the dress arrived , Gloria was excited to try it on .	Gloria wanted to find a special new dress for her anniversary dinner .	She ordered a fancy black dress that looked lovely in a catalog .	Sadly , the dress was frumpy and saggy and the zipper broke at once .	Gloria was very disappointed and returned the dress for a refund .
3	Alas , my computer did n't allow RAM upgrades .	I wanted to run a computer program .	But , my computer did n't have enough RAM .	So , I decided to upgrade my RAM .	I decided to buy a new computer .
1	They spent the morning talking about their design .	Roxy and Sam had everything they needed to make a huge sand castle .	After lunch they started construction .	By evening , everyone was gathered around their masterpiece .	It was the biggest sand castle they had ever built .
4	She made a plan to come back in three months for another haircut .	Bailey needed a haircut .	One day she went to a salon .	The salon gave her a haircut .	She loved how healthy her hair felt .
1	The sky finally turned blue .	It had been raining for 2 days straight .	When I looked up there was a rainbow .	It stretched for miles across the town .	It was a beautiful sight after a rainy day .
4	He put his dirty clothes into a plastic bag .	Jake was biking at the park .	He did n't notice a large mud puddle in the ground .	His bike splashed mud all over his pants .	Jake changed into shorts when he got back to his car .
3	She climbed a rock to get their attention by diving .	Katie went to a girl 's camp across the lake from a boy 's camp .	When the girls went swimming , the boys across the lake watched .	Katie noticed that the boys did n't watch her .	All eyes were on Katie when she slipped and got knocked unconscious .
3	She tried her best to win the contest .	Fiona loves eating contests .	Her state 's fair is having a pie eating contest .	She entered the contest right away .	Fiona got first place .
4	He saw so many amazing plants and animals , he was delighted .	Teddy was going on a big trip .	He was headed to the rainy forest for the first time .	He arrived and got off the plane .	He made his way to the tour guide and the trip began .
3	John was furious .	John is a big fan of Game of Thrones .	However , he has not read the books .	Last week , George spoiled what happens accidentally .	It almost ruined their friendship .
0	George was at the hotel last night .	He needed ice for his drinks .	The room he was in was all out .	He had to go out to the ice machine to get more .	Luckily there was plenty left there for him .
2	The rabbit saw Pandy and started to hop away as fast as it could .	One afternoon , I let my dog , Pandy , outside to play .	Pandy was enjoying herself until she noticed a rabbit nearby .	Pandy chased the rabbit for a long time , but finally had to stop .	She returned to the house , tired and ready for a long nap .
4	Thankfully it was over soon .	Allie had to go on a trip to the islands .	On the way there she had to go on a small plane .	She was very scared to do so .	The plane experienced a lot of turbulence .
1	Dakota filled out an application to his local college .	Dakota was a senior in high school with mediocre grades .	He waited for a letter of reply from the college .	One day he went to the mailbox and found a thin envelope .	He opened the envelope and was disappointed he hadn���t been accepted .
3	These monkeys were very smart and people loved to watch them .	The baby monkey was the newest addition to the zoo .	People came to see him in droves and he was soon very famous .	When the monkey grew up , he sired a family of his own .	The monkey was famous his whole life .
4	Jason enjoys the movie that he picked out to see .	Jason wants to see a good movie .	He reads the movie listings to see what is available .	He chooses a superhero movie .	Jason walks to the movie theater .
3	Inside the book was an inscription .	For Mitch 's birthday , his friend gave him a history book .	Mitch thanked his friend but secretly hated the gift .	The book sat on his coffee table for months before he opened it .	The inscription said that the friend hoped Matched liked the book .
3	Bubbles quickly started to fill the tub .	Joy was running a bath .	She squeezed the bottle of bubble bath .	The lid came off , spilling almost half the bottle into the tub .	They spilled over onto the floor , making a mess .
3	Jim realized that boarding up did not help at all .	A large storm was coming into Jim 's hometown .	He boarded up his house in preparation .	The storm finally hit and Jim 's house was blown away .	The next time a storm came , Jim did n't bother boarding up .
4	She dropped it at Polly 's feet , looking proud .	Polly was worried when her house cat escaped into the yard .	Her mom assured her she would come back .	A few hours later she reappeared with something in her mouth .	She had bought the family a mouse as a gift .
1	She took the camera outside and followed the steps to take a picture .	Candace had to make a pinhole camera for art class .	Then , she took the picture to the darkroom to develop it .	In the dark room , she saw that the picture did n't develop .	She had to start over from the beginning .
0	Tia found a newt by the creek .	It was missing a leg !	Tia took it home carefully .	She put it in a tank and fed it .	It flourished happily in its new home !
4	Tom had lied to Gary .	Gary invited his friend Tom over .	Tom told him that he would be busy that night .	Later , Gary was at the grocery store with his mom .	Suddenly , he noticed Tom outside with some other kids .
4	He died because of the botulism .	Josh was hungry .	He decided to make tuna salad .	Little did he know that the can of tuna was damaged .	He developed botulism from the tuna .
3	They sent someone by to tune the piano .	Roderich realized his piano needed tuning .	He searched the phone book for a good piano tuning company .	When he found it , he gave them a call .	Roderich was happy to have his piano back in working order .
3	Her suitcase fell into the pond .	Rachel was walking through a hotel with her suitcase .	She was walking along an indoor pond area .	Suddenly , she tripped .	She checked and saw that everything was wet and ruined .
1	I found one on ebay .	I was shopping for a painting of Chinatown .	The artist was Margery Soroka .	It was an original watercolor of Pell Street in NYC .	I was very pleased with my purchase .
4	Everybody smelled the alcohol on Leia 's breath .	Leia had always been courteous to her fellow employees .	She made sure she was quiet and respected others ' space .	It was strange that on Wednesday , she came to the office hung over .	She apologized and stated that her ex boyfriend had come to town .
0	James wanted to entered a soap box car derby but did n't have a car .	Instead he used an office chair with wheels and hoped for the best .	On the day of the race he had a massive lead over everyone else .	The office chair did n't have brakes so he flew through the finish .	James 3 miles before he could come to a stop .
0	Zippy was a brown cat in my neighborhood .	Zippy 's owner abandoned him one day .	Zippy was very lonely and hungry .	I began to feed Zippy and we became friends .	I now have a pet cat named Zippy .
2	Jonas drives to the local park to get some fresh air .	Jonas has felt depressed that it has been very cold lately .	He decides he needs to get out of his house .	At the park he makes a huge snowman .	Jonas feels much better than he did before .
2	The Smith parents ate four plates of food each .	The Smith family went to a buffet .	The children ate three plates of food each .	Everyone left their plates for the waitress to clean up .	They drove away happy and full .
4	To her dismay he seemed not to care at all .	Gina was being harassed by a boy in class named Dave .	So she requested the teacher move his desk .	Gina watched as the teacher informed him of the move .	Gina hoped it would upset him .
4	So he hit me upside the head with a baseball bat .	I had just retrieved my marbles from Sally 's house when it happened .	Everything went very black and cold .	I woke up the next day in the hospital !	Sally 's dad thought I was robbing his house .
4	To her surprise her grandma let her go to the park .	Lucy wanted to go to the pool , but her grandma would n't let her .	She told her grandma she was going to the park instead .	Lucy was sure her grandma knew she was lying .	She stood waiting to be called a liar .
0	Marcus had never liked reading much .	He always watched TV instead , to his parents ' disappointment .	Eventually his best friend Benny recommended a mystery series .	Marcus was skeptical , but tried the first book .	He absolutely loved it , and his parents were overjoyed .
1	My mom went out to enjoy the weather .	They said it was going to be warm today .	She left all the windows in the house open .	She came home and the house was freezing .	Do n't always trust the weatherman .
1	He had been entrusted to make sure the burgers were perfect .	John was very focused on the grill .	But just a few minutes before they were done , a pretty girl walked by .	John walked over to talk to her .	Five minutes later he returned to a grill full of burned burgers .
3	And others watched him paint .	Jim wanted to learn how to paint .	So he bought painting supplies and a painting book .	When he became better at painting , he took his canvas outside .	And people admired his landscape paintings .
0	The lion trainer opened the lion 's ' cage .	He brought one of the lions into the center ring .	He began the exercises as he had so many times before .	A metal wheel on the groundskeeper 's cart squealed suddenly .	The startled lion mauled its trainer , instead of doing its exercises .
1	My car would n't turn over .	I went to start my car last friday .	I took my alternator off to be tested .	The parts store said that it was bad .	I replaced my alternator with a new one .
3	George 's grandchildren grew up without knowing him .	Claudette was George 's third wife .	Every year , George would tell his children that he would visit them .	Every year , Claudette convinced George to take his vacation elsewhere .	When he finally visited , no one was interested in seeing him .
3	Upon research , Sandy discovered it was a poem she wrote .	Sandy was watching a video on Youtube .	At the end of the video , there was a poem scrolling .	Sandy felt that the poem looked familiar .	Sandy was glad to see her poem visualized on the screen .
0	Sean was on his computer .	He saw a competition from a soda company .	He entered , and was asked to design a Christmas sweater .	Then , he waited .	He ended up winning the sweater !
0	Schmidt had to take the bus to work .	It took a long time .	The bus broke down .	He was very late for work .	He got written up at work .
3	With only 2 more Year 's of apprenticeship , he was on his way .	The carpenter told Mick to make sure the baseboard was straight .	He showed him how to do it properly .	Mick followed the instructions , and looked proudly at his work .	He smiled to himself as he got back on his knees to pursue his dream .
2	A man came running out and slammed the door into my face .	The gas station I frequent to buy coffee was robbed .	I showed up one morning , and as I entered the door I was shoved aside .	Before I could collect myself , the clerk came running after .	The man was a thief , and he was caught and arrested .
2	We were visiting from Boston .	We had dinner in Brooklyn tonight .	The included my wife , two kids , a grandchild and 3 in laws .	We went to Buttermilk Channel .	Everyone ordered and enjoyed chicken and waffles .
2	On the shelf was a very large blue candle .	Bob went to the store to get supplies before the storm .	There was no flashlights left and only candles .	Bob bought it and brought it home .	When the power went out he light the candle and it lasted hours .
4	They had some epic medieval style fights , using the books as ammo .	Carol had a bunch of obsolete computer manuals she had no use for .	She did n't want to throw them out and create more trash .	Carol had an inspired idea !	She and her friends built large trebuchets in their backyards .
2	She is underpaid and overworked on a daily basis .	Ashley wants to switch careers .	She 's a teacher and she is sick of it .	She has applied to many jobs in other fields over the past week .	She hopes to land some interviews soon .
4	I have no car to drive to make the deal , so it has to be close .	I always hunt for the best deals .	Right now I 'm in the market for a new car .	I 've been scanning Craigslist for a good used offer .	I 'm pretty limited in my bargain-hunting this time .
3	The innkeeper was very grateful .	The innkeeper did n't have any space in his inn when the man came .	He told the man he could have his bed as he looked tired .	In the middle of the night , robbers came and the man slew them .	Ever since , he always found extra room for a guest .
3	Then he watched some tutorial videos .	Jared had a piano .	He wanted to learn a specific song .	He looked it up online .	When he was done , he was able to play the song .
3	They drove two hours to the city to the concert .	Aria found out her favorite band was playing tonight .	She invited a few friends .	They got ready and she picked them up .	They danced and had a great time .
4	I had snow in my ears .	I got on the sled at the top of the hill .	My son gave me a big push .	I crashed into a tree halfway down .	My son was yelling something at me .
3	The spilled juice burned and filled the house with smoke .	I had to make an apple pie for Thanksgiving .	This my first time trying to bake a pie .	I put in too many apples and it spilled over into the oven .	The pie tasted good , but my house smelled like smoke for a week .
1	Each guest gave their best joke .	The owner of a bar started a joke contest one night among the guests .	All of the jokes were very funny .	The bartender wrote down all the jokes that everyone said .	The owner published the jokes in the restaurant 's newsletter .
0	The teacher gave us an assignment .	Everyone finished the assignments , 20 minutes before the bell rung .	My teacher wrote another assignment on the board .	My friend got mad and flipped her desk over .	She walked out of the class .
3	Amy tumbled down the stairs .	Amy wore flip flops indoors all year long .	Her sister laughed at her for wearing flip flops instead of slippers .	As Amy was going down stairs her foot slipped through the flip flop .	Her sister laughed at her for breaking her cheap flip flop .
0	A man was having a panic attack .	His friend suggested to simply start singing .	The man began singing and calmed down .	He learned a new relaxation technique .	He never had a panic attack again .
0	Andy hosted a checker party at his house with dress requirements .	Everyone had to wear clothing with a checker pattern on it .	Kyle showed up with a plaid shirt .	Andy held a vote to see if Kyle 's shirt qualified .	The vote was unanimous and Kyle had to change .
2	We went to the world largest mall there .	My dad and I flew to Canada .	We landed in Edmonton , Alberta .	They even had an indoor waterpark .	We had a great day .
1	They are also best friends outside of work .	Mary and Cindy work together in the office .	One day Mary gets promoted to a job that Cindy secretly wanted .	Cindy was a bit frustrated at first but she never told Mary .	She did n't want to ruin a friendship so she made herself get over it .
0	One Christmas I got a basket of chocolates for my mom .	Once wrapped , I placed it under the Christmas tree .	Our family went to the movies that night .	When we returned we found the wrapper strewn all over the house .	We also found our pet pug looking very guilty , and sick .
0	Lucy was shopping for fabric .	She had an idea of what she wanted her tote bag to look like .	She narrowed down her choice to two fabrics .	She would go with either polka dots , or puppies .	She decided black and white polka dots would coordinate easier .
1	He currently had 5 lawns he was responsible for .	Abel worked hard mowing lawns for extra money .	One day one of his customers was unhappy with the work Abel did .	Abel apologized and promised to do a better job next time .	The customer did not want Able to continue to work on his lawn .
2	I 've been training for the past week .	In Fort Worth , we have an event call hit the bricks .	It is a charity run and it is about one mile long .	When the race started , I thought I was going to have a hard time .	However , thanks to my training the run was easy .
1	Since it was summertime , it was very hot .	My family went to the beach for vacation .	I went to the boardwalk to get some ice cream .	The cold ice cream cooled me down .	I was angry when a seagull stole my unfinished ice cream cone .
1	In class she sat next to her and began to speak to her .	Amy had finally accepted her crush Ray was n't interested in her .	Amy was n't able to muster much interest .	She stared at her phone instead .	Ray seemed disappointed , but Amy could n't care less .
2	This year he decided he would try to eat the fruit .	Every year for Christmas John received a fruit basket from his mom .	He never ate the fruit basket and always gave it away .	Johns mom stopped over shortly after Christmas .	She noticed the empty basket and smiled .
0	The Lake Family goes on a road trip each summer .	They pack their clothes .	Then they fill a cooler with food .	Everyone gets in the car .	Finally , it 's time to drive off on the road .
3	The chef told all the waiters about what the specials were .	The chef did n't know what to make for this week 's special .	He looked at all the extra food he had and tried to make something .	He made a pasta dish and a salmon salad with fruit .	Many customers loved the salmon salad but not the pasta dish .
3	As she was handing him a pencil she touched his hand .	Michael was in love with Cindy .	He sat behind her in class .	One day he asked her for a pencil .	Michael almost fainted as a result .
4	Jasmine has become very good at playing the guitar .	Jasmine does n't know how to play the guitar .	She asked her dad to take her to guitar class .	Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class .	Jasmine has been taking the class for over a year now .
2	Sam remembered there were old cans of food in the basement .	Sam 's school was having a canned food drive .	Sam 's mom said they could n't spare any food right now .	He dug out some dusty cans with expired dates .	Sam put his cans in the food barrel before anyone could check them .
3	They police arrested Bob and sent him to jail .	Bob got drunk at the Christmas party .	He decided to drive home under the influence of alcohol .	Sure enough , he was stopped by the police .	Bob had to pay a fine and realize he should not drink and drive .
2	After their grandma died , Penelope had to sort through her old photos .	Penelope had never felt a strong connection to her grandmother .	She felt bad that her sister had so much in common with their grandma .	She was surprised to find a photo of her grandma on a basketball team .	A basketball player herself , Penelope now felt a special connection !
2	Mark was n't convinced so he decided to set a trap .	Mark was convinced there was a ghost in his house .	His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real .	He heard what he thought was a ghost and tossed a net over it !	Underneath the net was his dad and they both had a laugh about it .
2	Billy was shocked when on his birthday his dad gave him a magic set .	One day , Billy saw a magician at a birthday party .	Billy was enamored by the magic tricks that the magician performed .	He quickly taught himself all the tricks and showed his friends .	Billy eventually found the magician and blew him away with his skills .
3	She made them play outside all day .	Gina came home to find her mom 's cousin Sherry was visiting .	She watched the kids while their mom worked .	Sherry would n't let them watch anything on TV .	Gina was mad she could n't stay inside in the air conditioning .
4	So Stassi begrudgingly moved back to California to her former friends .	Stassi hated her life in Los Angeles .	She wanted to get away from her old life .	So Stassi moved away to New York with her new boyfriend .	Unfortunately Stassi 's boyfriend dumped her .
0	I have to make dessert for thanksgiving .	I searched for recipes for pecan pie .	I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients .	I made a beautiful pecan pie .	My family and I enjoyed the pie for dessert .
4	Together , they ate the chicken soup and talked for hours .	Layla almost saw her father .	He was a police officer and worked very late hours .	One night , she woke up to the most delicious smell .	Her father was in the kitchen , making a pot of chicken soup .
0	Sally wanted to play piano .	Her family did n't have money for lessons .	She asked a teacher if she could babysit in exchange for lessons .	The teacher agreed .	Sally grew up to be a pianist .
1	She decided to start an Italian restaurant in her home town .	Susan wanted to start a business .	She hired a world famous chef to lead her kitchen .	Her restaurant eventually became very successful .	It was featured in many magazines and TV shows .
0	John was driving to work one day .	All of a sudden , he heard his tire pop .	When he pulled over , he found that he had a flat tire .	John had to call AAA to get his tire fixed .	Unfortunately , he ended up being late to work .
0	Tom 's house was filthy .	There was food and magazines everywhere .	He never had time to clean up .	He decided to clean part of the house each day of the week .	His house was never dirty again .
4	He ran even faster until he got to his car safely .	John was on the trail running .	Suddenly he heard footsteps behind him .	John began to run faster .	He thought he was being chased .
0	Tonight we had pizza for dinner .	It was a Sicilian style pie .	We also had garlic knots .	Both dishes were tasty .	I was very thirsty after dinner .
2	She very carefully boiled water , and cooked spaghetti noodles .	Karin 's mom was too sick to make dinner , or even get out of bed .	She decided to make dinner herself , for the first time .	She warmed up spaghetti sauce , and toasted some pieces of bread .	Her mother was so grateful , she gave Karin a big hug .
3	The tow truck took the car to a garage where it was repaired .	Paul 's car broke down shortly after leaving the driveway .	He decided to push it back home and repair it himself .	Paul found himself in over his head and called a tow truck for repair .	Paul then realized attempting repairs yourself can be expensive .
2	He could n't wait to eat it .	Timmy 's mom was making a cake .	It smelled really good while it was baking !	However , he had to eat his dinner first in order to get a piece .	So he ate his dinner as quickly as he could .
1	Last week they were on assignment chasing a storm .	Donnie and his team are meteorologists .	They needed to gather data .	It was particularly bad .	Eventually they had to give up and go back for safety .
3	Tom and Sue decided then they would play frisbee for awhile .	Tom and Sue decided to have a picnic in the park .	They packed cold chicken and potato salad along with drinks .	They sat on a blanket along with the food .	They return to their blanket to discover ants had invaded their meal .
2	One day his friend Caden was having a hard time with math .	Jadon was a very good friend .	He was always an encouragement to others .	Jadon worked and worked with him until he got it right .	Everyone always wanted to have a friend like Jadon .
2	After his opponent fell , Trevor shot the ball right into the net .	On Saturday afternoon , Trevor attended a basketball competition .	He is the captain of his team so it was vital that he won .	His teammates cheered loudly .	Trevor happily received the trophy from the referee .
3	Finally , he got the hang of it .	George went ice skating last Saturday .	He had never gone before .	He slipped and fell several times .	It 's amazing how much he improved in one day .
4	Jake brought a pizza slice to the man who was grateful for the meal .	Jake was walking home from his college class .	He passed a homeless man who asked him for spare change .	Jake checked his pockets but he did n't have any change .	Instead , he told the man to wait while he went to the pizza shop .
4	I decided to go hang gliding once a month .	I stood at the edge of the cliff .	I looked out at the big sprawling ocean .	I jumped off the cliff .	I flew above that ocean .
4	Tim finally decided he would just keep the bracelet for himself .	Tim bought a bracelet .	He did n't know who he should give it to .	He could give it to his mom .	He could give it to his sister .
4	I have had him for 6 months now .	I was walking by the river .	I saw a turtle with an injured leg .	I Brought him home .	I nursed him back to health .
4	Jeff had to dive into the cold water to rescue his dog .	Jeff liked to walk his dog around the pond at the park .	One day during their walk the dog escaped from his leash .	He quickly ran into the pond .	The dog could not swim .
4	May became convinced she did not want to die that day .	May was feeling very depressed and unloved .	She contemplated ending her own life .	On a lark , she called a hotline she found online .	The person who answered was kind and understanding .
1	She wanted some new friends , but was n't sure where to look .	Sally was often busy with work , and began to feel lonely .	She soon found an online chat room filled with interesting people .	After a few days , Sally made 3 new friends online .	Sally then met her friends in real life and they are now very close .
4	Ro was very happy .	Ro wanted to join her school 's film club .	She filled out the form for membership .	Soon the club 's president texted her .	He said Ro was welcome to join their club !
3	From there I followed the street to the mailbox .	I stepped outside to get the mail .	The fog was so thick I could n't see the mail box .	I followed the driveway to the street .	There was no mail yet .
2	Headaches would keep me from doing the dangerous work I did .	Some days I worried whether I was going to lose my job .	Sometimes I could n't help it , I just could n't go in .	The fear made me feel sicker than the headaches .	However my employer assured me that I was okay .
3	He got nervous and prepared to fight .	Sam lived in a low income area	He was walking home from work .	Then a man comes up to him .	The man only wanted a dollar .
4	Charles ' monthly payments were reduced to fifty dollars .	When Charles graduated college , he was in debt .	He owed thirty thousand dollars in student loans .	He deferred his payments at every opportunity .	One day he took a call from a telemarketer saying they could help him .
4	She won ten dollars on one of the new tickets !	Ivy won five dollars on a scratch lottery ticket .	She decided to use the money for more tickets .	She bought five more scratch tickets .	She scratched them right away .
0	The girl scouts knocked on Jon 's door .	They were selling cookies .	Jon asked for ten boxes of mint cookies .	He ate two boxes of cookies that night .	Jon felt sick the next day .
2	She let his beautiful and gentle song draw her in .	Sherry adored her husband Henry , and they 'd been married for Years .	He surprised her one day as they made love by singing to her .	As he continued to sweetly hum to her , she sickened at a realization .	Henry had always been tone deaf .
4	He rolled his truck a hundred feet down a ravine .	Ed got a new truck .	It was black with big wheels .	He was riding it rough near a cliff .	Ed lost control at the peak of the cliff .
4	Mike quit his job and is happy .	Mike hated his job .	He dreaded going every day .	He got an ulcer due to his anxiety .	Mike has to have surgery for his ulcer .
3	Bob told them it was better to learn from the mistakes of others .	Bob was an old wise man .	His wisdom settled disputes and caused peace all around him .	People often asked how to also become wise .	Learning from your own mistakes can surely bring your own demise .
2	Kim read the instructions and worked for hours putting it together .	Kim 's new Ikea living room furniture was finally delivered .	However there was a lot of assembly .	When she was finished she realized she no longer liked the furniture .	It seemed unattractive , seeing it in pieces made it feel cheap .
2	Tom asked his neighbor if Will could park in his driveway .	Tom invited his friend Will to his house .	Will drove over but could n't find street parking .	The neighbor allowed him to park in his driveway .	Will appreciated the parking space and thanked the neighbor .
2	Every day the two studied after school .	Allie was failing science class .	Her mom hired a tutor for her .	Allie started to understand more and more .	Soon she was getting high grades in her class !
2	Despite this , she still grilled hamburgers .	Tonya decided to have a cookout for all of her friends and family .	However , Tonya was n't good at grilling .	However , she noticed no one was eating their food .	Tonya had not cooked the meat long enough and the patties were raw .
0	Sally wanted to give her Mom something special for her birthday .	She did not have any money to buy anything .	Sally had to make something for her instead .	She got her beads and string out and went to work .	Sally made a pretty pink necklace out of beads for her Mom 's birthday .
3	Drea was furious .	Gina 's friend Drea Called her .	Drea wanted to know why Gina missed the first day of school .	Gina explained she had changed her mind , and chose a different school .	Gina let her yell for 20 minutes about the betrayal .
4	I bought a salad spinner and now they take very little time to make .	I 've always loved to eat salads .	When I go to restaurants I always order a salad .	I liked to make my own salads .	It 's so time consuming tossing the salads .
2	To her surprise , a girl in class asked to sign Andrea 's yearbook .	Andrea dreaded the day yearbooks were handed out .	She felt left out as the popular girls exchanged autographs .	Then , the girl passed the book to the boy in the next desk , and so on .	When the book got back to Andrea , it was full of kind words .
2	He went around the world to conferences and spoke about peace .	Josh wanted nothing more than world peace .	He decided to become an advocate of world peace .	Eventually , people listened to him and he gathered a following .	Josh became a world leader of peace .
0	We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013 .	In 1997 my daughter had red eye .	It was Sunday , hard to find a doctor .	Luckily a neighbor was a doctor and called in a prescription .	My daughter was better the next day .
0	My friend Carlos was in jail for a DUI .	He called me from jail , asking me to help manage his life .	He signed a Power of Attorney form , and I began paying his bills .	This included his mortgage , as he owned a condo .	He got out eventually , and thanked me for my efforts .
0	Matt wanted to play baseball .	His classmates would n't let him be on their team .	His brothers said he was too small and scrawny to play with them .	So Matt thought of a way to play ball like he wanted .	He started his own team and recruited kids to play with him !
4	Donald worked part time for a church until he retired .	My friend Donald is very introverted .	He lived with his mom until she died .	He dropped out of college when he was young .	He never told his mom .
0	Bob was training for the marathon .	He ran 10 miles everyday .	The day before the race he ate lots of carbs .	Bob finished the race in 3 hours .	It was record time for him .
4	She was relieved that it was in a garbage can and nothing was damaged .	Suzy went for a walk .	As she was walking she ran into her neighbor Tom .	Tom told Suzy that there had been a fire one street over .	Suzy went to see that everything was okay .
1	Her legs were sticking to the material .	Gina sat in the plastic chair .	She lifted one leg from the chair .	It made a long sticking sound like velcro .	She wished she were wearing pants instead .
4	He was happy to see his friend Dan came to share his candy with Doug .	Doug was sad to be sick on Halloween .	He was n't allowed to go to school , or go trick or treating .	He sat in the window of his room and watched all the kids in costume .	When the doorbell rang Doug was expecting trick or treaters .
0	Sue lived on the coast of the United States .	Many storms would come through every year .	One year , a major hurricane was announced on the news .	Sue and her family had to evacuate their house .	When Sue returned to the house , there was nothing left but rubble .
1	But the city said she could n't park on her side of the street .	Kim cleared the snow from the street in front of her house to park .	Kim was forced to park across the street .	The snow was too deep to get near the curb .	Kim angrily shoveled the snow on the other side as well .
0	Mariah went to Italy .	She went to a popular restaurant there .	A man saw her and introduced himself .	He took he on a tour of Italy .	Mariah decided to extend her trip to spend time with this man .
0	George decided to surprise his father as a birthday present .	He bought two tickets to his father 's favorite football team .	On the day , George blindfolded his father and drove for a long time .	George 's father had no idea where they were going .	When they reached the stadium , George 's father was so excited !
0	Jane 's son was taller than she was and he was only 15 .	Since turning 14 her son no longer allowed her to track his height .	On his 16th birthday Jane convinced him to allow her to measure him	She was surprised to find he was already 6 feet tall .	Jane teared up as she realized her little boy was a man .
4	The next day , Cooley came back covered in mud and Asa was very glad .	Asa had a dog named Cooley .	Cooley was a good dog , but he liked to run away .	One day Asa decided to take Cooley on a hike .	Cooley ran away and was gone all night .
1	He was rather nervous .	Fred had a basketball game tonight .	Thankfully his team felt the same .	However the team ended up winning the game .	Fred was relieved .
3	He was told it was okay to cancel the speech because of weather .	James was on his way to the podium when the rain started .	The weather caused everyone in the crowd to seek shelter .	An umbrella was placed over James 's head by security .	Disappointed , he agreed and was escorted to his vehicle .
3	Every year on his birthday , I return to that beach and get drunk .	I left my son and girlfriend late in the fall of 1978 .	After I made it to the other side of the country , I went to the beach .	I sat on the shore and drank what was left of my flask .	Through tears I tell the ocean that someday I would come home .
3	I managed to sneak down and get a picture with Chase Utley .	My favorite baseball player of all time is Chase Utley .	My friends joke that I 'm like Mac from Always Sunny in Philadelphia .	One time , after a Phillies game the players were signing autographs .	It was amazing , I still have it framed on my wall .
2	She offered to give extra credit .	Sandy was a school teacher .	She had a student that was failing .	He refused .	He failed her class .
2	Finally he booked his flight for Rome .	Arun dreamt for most of his life of visiting Italy .	He researched the trip to learn where in Italy he would like to see .	In Rome Arun saw many beautiful sights .	It was truly the trip of a lifetime for Arun .
0	Andrea wanted to prank her boyfriend for April Fools Day .	He would n't fall for any of her tricks so she needed a new idea .	She saw some post-it notes and felt inspired .	During his classes she covered his truck in the little notes .	When he came out and saw them , he was completely shocked .
0	I was working on a spreadsheet .	I had to calculate an average value .	The value was n't what I expected .	After many hours , I realized I misplaced a value in the sheet .	I learned that I should double check my work .
0	Robert wanted to be a police officer .	He went to school for eight Years to become one .	He heard there were job openings available for police officers .	He signed the application .	He instantly got accepted because of his education .
4	The waiter had to throw it away for me .	The waiter served the food to my family .	When she gave me my place , my aunt offered salt .	Although I said no , she poured a lot of the salt onto my food .	When I tried to eat it , it tasted too salty .
1	He 'd always found clowns to be very scary .	Maurice watched the clown bump his way through the crowd .	This one seemed to be funny , as well as slightly drunk .	The clown elbowed Maurice as he went by .	Minutes later , Maurice realized the clown had stolen his phone .
1	He was hopeful to get a good record label	Pat was on his way to meet a label exec .	The exec wanted him to sign a contract .	The exec also wanted him to change his whole sound .	Pat declined the offer .
4	Her skills are becoming better and better .	Lindsay was very interested in guitar lessons .	She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes .	She weighed the options and decided to go with Falcetti Music .	Lindsay went through a few weeks of classes .
0	Olivia has a physics test tomorrow .	She has n't studied at all for this test .	Olivia grabs some coffee and puts on study music .	She crams for the test all night .	Unfortunately , she falls asleep in the morning and misses the test .
4	He gave the proceeds to charity .	Todd has a bunch of legos to play with .	He has all the sets from his childhood .	Plus more from when he was an adult .	He set the world record for most sets owned .
3	I went home and printed some paper from the Internet .	We went to a store to buy Ching Ming supplies .	Ching Ming is a Chinese ceremony honoring the dead .	The store was out of paper money .	We burned a lot of that money during Ching Ming .
4	This would prove wise , as she needed one for her chaotic trip .	Holly looked over the selection of watches .	Some were cute with characters she liked .	Others were clearly better-made .	She chose one nice watch rather than 3 to 5 cheaper ones .
1	I noticed that all of the lights were off .	I was walking to my office complex .	I walked inside and I was confused because it was a workday .	Suddenly , all of the lights turned on and confetti flew everywhere .	My coworkers through a surprise party for my birthday .
1	When I was little I used to sleep in the front room .	My Nana lived in a huge old house .	There were lots of Buddha statues in the front room .	One night , I had a nightmare and woke up alone and scared .	I saw a fat , red Buddha smiling at me and was n't scared anymore !
3	This does not find the shake very delicious .	Horace decides that he needs to begin eating more healthy food .	He decides to make a shake for breakfast .	Horace puts in banana , apple , and yogurt .	However , he is happy to be eating healthy food .
3	Billy looked up and his father was gone !	Billy went to the hardware store with his father .	Billy stopped to look at something .	His father did not notice and kept walking .	Billy found an employee who called his father for him .
0	Anita 's son loved helicopters .	She promised herself one day she would get him on a helicopter .	Next , her new boyfriend told her he could fly a helicopter .	He arranged to fly a newspaper 's small helicopter .	Anita 's boyfriend took her son on a fifteen minute helicopter flight .
0	Karen took her three boys for a day at the petting zoo .	The boys went in to pet the animals and had a lot of fun .	One goat bonded well with her oldest son and fell asleep in his lap .	Her younger sons enjoyed playing with a few pigs with toy balls .	The petting zoo closed in the evening , and Karen took her boys home .
3	Jared did n't care about that and went to the movies by himself .	A movie that Jared has been wanting to see came out today .	He asked all his friends if they wanted to go see it .	They told him the movie got bad reviews so they were going to skip it .	He ended up loving the movie just as he thought he would .
2	Finally one Sunday morning she awoke to a snowy day .	This year Tina was going to be able to sled on her own .	She hoped it would hurry up and snow !	She ran with her sled up the hill by her house .	She laughed loudly as she whizzed down the hill on her new sled .
4	Phoebe told the manager , and he quickly found the dog 's owner .	Phoebe was craving bananas .	Phoebe got in her Honda Civic , and went to the grocery store .	As she made her way through the produce section , she spotted a dog .	Phoebe was confused by the loose dog in the store .
1	He was very successful and just bought his first house .	Peter was a bachelor in his late 20s .	His married friends joked that the only thing missing was a wife .	When he was away , they snuck into his house with a Barbie doll .	They put her in the kitchen with a note that she was the perfect wife .
3	The girls talked and bonded over their love of books .	Amy was happy her first class in junior high was all new kids .	She introduced herself to the girl seated next to her .	She was even more nervous than Amy was .	They decided to meet up after school to go to the mall .
1	He tried replacing the bulb .	Jake noticed a light out in his room .	It did n't do anything .	Eventually he tried looking at the fuses .	Jake realized which was the problem and replaced .
4	My food became salty and I had to throw it away .	My mom gave me a plate of food .	I asked her if she can get me some salt .	However , she decided to put the salt on the food herself .	She ended up spilling too much .
4	When she told me , I was irritated .	My mom was cleaning up the table .	She picked up my homework and crumbled it .	She also threw it away in the trash .	I spent an hour looking for the assignment .
0	We went to the mall to buy christmas presents .	It was pretty crowded and the parking lot was nuts .	We circled the lot trying to find a space .	We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it .	We just let them have it and tried to find a new spot at the mall .
2	Father refused to pay it , out of principle .	Mother was kidnapped last weekend .	The low down scoundrels who did it demanded a ransom .	They set some of Mother 's ears as a warning .	Father told them he 'd only pay if they sent the rest .
1	Every day , he 'd take it out and turn it over in his mouth unlit .	Dan left a single cigarette in an empty pack of smokes in his car .	A symbol of his strength and persistence , he always put it back after .	He did not feel very strong with no one to address his note to .	Dan left an empty pack of smokes in his car .
2	As he landed , his foot positioned awkwardly on his friend 's foot .	Mark was playing basketball with his friends .	He jumped up high for a rebound , and grabbed the ball .	He rolled his ankle and screamed .	Mark had broken his ankle .
2	He had a cyber job but lost it .	My son 's school friend moved from Boston to Austin .	He went down there with no plan .	Luckily he got a job in a used car business .	My son was happy for him .
4	Jim just shook his head and walked out .	Twenty men sat in a sauna .	It was very hot and they were all sweating .	Jim stood up and asked why they were there .	Mark just shrugged and told him to put his towel back on .
2	Beth was torn since both schools had a lot to offer .	Beth had to choose between universities .	One was close to home the other across the country .	After weeks of deliberation she made her decision .	Beth decided to stay at home and go to school close by .
0	Kelly was painting her nails on her couch .	She used a bright pink color .	Yet when Kelly was painting them , she spilled .	The color went on the couch .	Kelly was mad that she spilled .
4	Gina watched the landscape as she ate her chips .	Gina 's family was going on a road trip .	Her siblings were in the car asleep .	To her delight no one fought her for a window seat .	She simply pushed her sister over and sat on the outside .
4	He surprised her and remodeled her entire kitchen .	Joe 's grandma loved to cook .	She spent a lot of time in her kitchen .	His grandma 's house was old and the kitchen was falling apart .	Joe wanted to make his grandma very happy .
1	I was so upset that i did n't hear my alarm clock and that i was late .	One day i overslept and was late for work .	On my way to work i saw this horrible accident .	Later i found out that two people had died in this accident .	First time in my life i felt lucky and blessed for being late to work .
0	My cousin decided to pick me up , and take me to an event .	This event was at a swap shop store .	Many used items , including clothing and food , were up for sale .	I found a good deal on a pair of Nikes and decided to buy them .	My cousin and I came home with several things .
1	During the day his boss told him he needed him to stay late for work .	Rodney was looking forward to a date with his girlfriend all day .	Rodney was upset because he did n't want to cancel his date .	Rodney ended up working extra hard that day so he did n't have to stay .	In the end Rodney got to go on a wonderful date with his girlfriend .
0	I once had a parrot .	I had a habit of swearing in the absence of my parents .	One day my dad told me he had a question for me .	He asked where I picked up such foul language .	The bird had been repeating my recently learned swear words .
1	Julie used to help her plant and trim her roses .	Julie 's grandmother always loved gardening .	One Spring Julie forgot to help her grandmother with the garden .	The roses were in full bloom when she remembered to come .	The roses from last year healthily sprouted up without their help .
3	She accepted my offer however , she grabbed my card .	The waitress came to our table with the bill .	Tina offered to pay for the meal .	I told her what I would pay it , despite her offer .	In addition , she swiped it across the ATM machine .
2	One day , several kids with lunch trays sat down by Danny .	Danny 's mom always packed him a lunch in a brown bag .	He ate alone to avoid opening the paper sack in front of anyone .	Danny waited for them to say something mean about his sack lunch .	Instead , they jealously asked if Danny wanted to trade his humble bag .
1	I introduced myself to my partner and asked her for her name .	The teacher assigned us to a partner for an assignment .	She told me that she has a boyfriend and was n't interested .	I immediately had a bad impression and requested another partner .	My friend was kind enough to switch partners .
3	Two years later , he graduated as a chef .	After working for five years , Joe realized he hated his job .	Joe secretly started attending culinary school at night .	Joe worried he may not be good enough to be a chef , but worked hard .	Joe knew it was the right path since he earned honors .
1	She was on her favorite website , searching for the latest cats .	Jess loved looking at image of cats .	She found pages of new entries .	After around ten minutes , she got bored .	Jess stopped browsing and called for her kitty .
4	She got on the wrong plane .	Andrea wanted a pet dog .	She wanted one from India .	She booked a flight to India .	After being on the plane for 5 hours she realized something .
1	He named the puppy Zippy because he could run fast .	Jack received a puppy for his seventh birthday .	One day on their walk without a leash , Sippy ran away .	Jack looked and yelled for zippy as the hours went by .	He eventually caught up to Zippy and learned to use a leash .
3	She walked home eating the almonds and chugging the water .	Amy had heart palpitations after a lot of caffeine .	Her mother suggested she eat and drink lots of water .	On her walk home she stopped and bought water and almonds .	By the time she arrived her heart felt much better .
4	He soon saw his stress disappear and felt better .	A man was having trouble handling the stresses of his life .	He decided to return to first premises .	He knew the body is the most immediate sector of his universe .	So he began living a very healthy and relaxed lifestyle
1	He said we are all living in mirrors and the mirrors are living .	Jaden Smith was posting a tweet on mirrors .	I looked at my TV and saw independence day was on .	Shaking my head , I look at Will Smith killing aliens in amazement .	The best actor is stuck acting like his son is n't an embarrassment .
0	Sean posted an ad for guitar lessons online .	He was contacted by a mother who wanted some lessons for her son .	He went to their house the next day .	The son met him and they went through a lesson .	When he was done , they paid him and he went home .
4	The party ended when someone performed the Heimlich maneuver on Jim .	Jim said that he could fit a box of cookies in his mouth at a party .	The people at the party did not believe him .	Jim tried to prove his point by stuffing many cookies into his mouth .	Naturally , he choked on the cookies .
0	The sirens started going off .	The children went out into the hallway .	They never thought a tornado would actually hit .	The roof started coming off the school .	Luckily no one got hurt .
4	The next morning , she realized she had left the violin on the train .	Claire was taking the train back to her apartment .	She was exhausted from practicing her violin so long .	As the train reached her stop , she hurried to the door .	She fell asleep as soon as she got home .
0	Mark Makonie is a rapper from Long Beach .	He is on tour with a younger rapper named Young Blue .	A magazine teased Mark on facebook for performing one song on tour .	On facebook Mark posted a photo of his $ 2,000 check for the one song .	The magazine posted an apology because they looked bad .
3	Emma struggled to diet even without the scale 's feedback .	Emma was dieting .	But she was unable to track her progress !	Her parents did not own a scale .	She managed to drop three dress sizes in three months !
0	I love the game of baseball .	I go to see games any time I get the chance .	The last time I went I caught three foul balls .	After the game I even got an autograph from three of the players .	I will definitely be going back again soon .
4	I looked back 3 seconds later and she was nowhere to be seen !	One day I was out mowing my lawn .	I spotted some kids playing across the street .	One little girl started walking towards my lawn .	When I turned around she was walking through my driveway .
2	Upon going inside there was an associate to help me .	Yesterday , I needed to buy a belt so I went to the mall .	After choosing which store to shop from , I quickly got out of my car .	We talked about what i wanted and she led me to the section .	I picked out a great belt and left feeling excellent !
2	But as she opened the carton , she frowned .	Ida took the ice cream out of her freezer .	She was looking forward to a bowl of it .	She saw that the ice cream had become freezer-burned !	Dismayed , Ida threw the carton into the trash .
4	Ray decided he did not trust her anymore and did not care .	Ray came home from work to find his wife upset .	She told him she was bored in their marriage and wanted a divorce .	Ray was devastated and decided to stay with his parents .	A week later , his wife called him to say that she changed her mind .
1	In the next lane , a man was revving his engine .	I stopped my car at the traffic light .	He was challenging me to a race .	I agreed to the race .	Alas , he crashed his car and I realized street racing is bad .
0	When my daughter was 12 I took her to work to file .	Another girl showed her what to do but she did not speak english well .	Theresa said all the files needed to be in alphabetical order .	Lucy was not good with her alphabet so Theresa took over	When Theresa was done , I checked her work , and was very proud of her .
0	Dan intended to work hard on his favorite HIT .	But he suddenly grew so tired he could n't keep his eyes open .	Dan hoped there 'd be more tasks at some later point .	For now though he 'd be lucky to make it to his bed .	Dan submitted his last one and turned off his computer .
1	He could n't do much but sit in a chair and watch the news .	Max was visiting his sick Grandpa for the first time in years .	He was even having trouble speaking words to Max .	Max brought him his dinner and his grandpa was n't responding .	He waited to see Max before passing away and Max knew that .
2	I went to the pet store but everything looked nasty .	My dog hates his treats .	I decided to go buy some new ones .	I decided to buy my dog some salmon from the fish market .	He loved it !
0	The window shattered in a great crash .	Pip jumped up from his desk with a shout .	Glass was all over the bed , the floor , and the desk .	Freezing cold air was blasting in too .	Pip could n't believe the wind had blown the branch that hard !
4	The seed packets no longer marked the rows but lay all over the yard .	Sue was excited to plant her first garden .	As she planted a row of seeds , she marked it with the seed packet .	When she was done , Sue admired the neat rows of different seeds .	That night , there was a big wind storm .
1	I was so excited to go on the swings .	We went to the park today .	Mom pushed me so high I almost touched the sky .	I jumped off and flew ten feet in the air !	I love going to the park !
0	Sadie brushed her teeth regularly .	In spite of her efforts , one day she experienced a toothache .	The pain did n't abate , and Sadie knew she probably had a cavity .	Her friends urged her to go to the dentist for an examination .	Sadie hated the cost of going but knew the treatment was necessary .
1	They both loved junk food , so they wanted to give her a sweet name .	Beth and Bobby were having a baby .	Bobby said Caramel and Beth suggested Sugar .	They wrote down names to pick randomly since they could n't agree .	The winning name was Candy - a perfect tasty name for their daughter !
2	Upon arriving at the beach , Matt noticed a storm .	Matt brought Jamie to see the sunset on the beach .	The beach was Matt 's favorite place .	Matt and Jamie got soaked in the rain .	Jamie refused to see Matt again .
4	Amy did n't care about the yelling , but was hurt to lose the shorts .	Amy was at the mall with a friend .	She saw a pair of short shorts she liked .	She bought them and hid them at home .	When her mom found them she yelled at Amy .
4	The manager refused to sell him a gun .	Yesterday an old man walked into our Employees Only back room .	He asked where we kept our guns .	I politely escorted him to the Sporting Goods department .	He was obviously senile and confused .
2	His brother called Michael 's wife and arranged to fly in town .	Michael 's birthday was coming up .	His brother wanted to surprise him .	Michael 's day arrived and his brother was at his front door .	Having his brother in town was his favorite gift .
1	She has to babysit her younger siblings .	Lynette hated being the older child .	Lynette has to do all of this despite being busy .	This made Lynette stress out a lot .	Lynette still babysits to help the family .
1	The property was not doing well financially .	Mike was a general manager for a hotel .	Mike needed answer to turn the situation around .	Mike hired a consultant .	After making adjustments , the hotel is doing better financially .
4	Jeremy 's dad overheard the raves and felt ashamed of himself .	Jeremy 's dad was disappointed when his son tried out for choir .	He wanted his son to play football , instead .	Jeremy did n't tell his dad he was given a solo for the choir concert .	Afterward , everyone was talking about Jeremy 's great performance .
3	He looked everywhere for his card and thought he lost it .	Our son turns 27 this week .	We gave him money for an Xbox .	He was going to combine the cash with a Best Buy gift card he had .	Luckily he found the card and was able to get his birthday gift .
2	The gift was something that she requested for weeks .	I handed my gift to my sister .	She quickly opened it to see what 's inside .	However , she had a mean grin since she changed her mind about it .	I took the gift back and walked away .
4	She reported this to campus police but never recovered her camera .	My daughter went to Boston College from 2003 to 2007 .	The dorm room doors are often open .	She went out for class one day .	When she returned she found her camera was missing .
2	As I pulled out of the parking lot with the examiner , I hit the curb !	My mom took me to get my liscence a few days after I turned 16 .	I was nervous about taking the driving test .	I pulled myself together , doing great the rest of the test .	Fortunately she did n't fail me just because I hit the curb !
2	But on that day the creek was overflowing , and I fell in .	Melinda and her brother Ty were playing by the creek .	It was their favorite play spot , and they went there every day .	Melinda was scared , but sprung forward and grabbed his hair !	After he was pulled out , Ty had a headache but was glad to be alive .
2	The tallest bandit demanded everyone to the floor .	Four masked bandits entered the restaurant .	Each was brandishing a gun .	The shortest bandit emptied the cash registers and the safe .	All four left with no one getting hurt , and fled in a black suv .
2	After earning enough money , she bought non-refundable plane tickets .	Jennifer wanted to take her three kids on a vacation to Disneyland .	A single mom , she worked three jobs to save enough money .	The family set off for the airport , excited for their vacation .	Then their car broke down on the highway and they missed their flight .
0	Willard seeks health through foods .	He knows they 're good for him if they have the right label .	He religiously buys organic , and nothing else .	Willard is baffled , though .	His health is as poor as it has always been .
1	He got the first chance over the weekend .	Jamie had never ridden horses before .	It was at a local ranch .	He was nervous but things went well .	The instructor commended Jamie on his skills .
2	She pulled over and he told her he has a flat tire .	Mary was driving on the highway in her car .	She saw a man standing next to his car on the side of the road .	He told Mary that he does n't know how to change a tire himself .	Mary changed the tire and fought him how for next time .
3	But that day , Sophie 's friends called and invited her to a movie .	It was Sophie 's job to take the trash to the curb every week .	One week she forgot it , and the full trash cans were n't emptied .	Her mom forgave her , but made it clear she had to do it next week .	The trash was forgotten again , and her mom grounded her .
2	He threw his toys .	Rodrick was misbehaving .	He jumped all over the house .	One of the toys broke the television .	His mother made him sit in time out .
1	He was fifteen and ready to work .	Steve wanted a job !	He applied at several stores near his home .	One of them hired him on !	He was so happy to receive his first paycheck , he almost cried !
3	He made films about his adult friends talking and cussing .	Quentin loved making moving pictures .	He spent his childhood filming his friends talking and cussing .	After film school , Quentin decided to make it his career .	Quentin 's latest movie is up for many awards .
1	He began to tell a funny story about his past .	The comedian took the stage and grabbed the microphone .	No one in the audience laughed at this story .	The comedian panicked and tried some of his best material .	The audience refused to even smile and so he left the stage .
3	Lily decided to end things with Steve .	Lily and Steve were a couple .	They had been dating for almost two Year 's .	One day Steve upset Lily .	Lily and Steve broke up .
1	I did n't know if it was a person or something else .	Late last night I awoke to a strange sound of a cupboard opening .	I jumped out of bed and crept to my kitchen .	I peeked around the corner , ready to strike if need be .	There I saw a stray cat had snuck in , and I sighed with relief .
2	They figured they 'd go to their favorite restaurant .	Mary and Rob wanted to get some food .	They decided to go downtown .	Unfortunately it was n't open during lunch .	They had to walk around for an hour before eating .
1	Her mother packed her lunch box and got her clothes ready .	Marta had her first day of school starting today .	She was excited at the thought of meeting new friends .	When she arrived she found someone to talk to .	They spent the entire day together .
2	Jason had a sleep study performed and discovered he had sleep apnea .	Jason felt tired all the time .	He went to the Doctor about his energy level .	Jason now uses a breathing machine at night .	Jason has much more energy since he uses a breathing machine .
2	When they met , he offered to sign her art .	Kaitlyn was seeing her favorite author one day .	She had drawn him some fan art and wanted to show him .	She was completely ecstatic .	From then on , she always loved the author .
2	The day finally arrived for the bowling party .	Kyle 's school was having a big bowling party to start the year .	He was very excited , which made it hard to focus on school work .	Kyle 's family went to the alley where all his friends were .	Everyone had a great day bowling and seeing friends .
4	Abe thought getting over the fear of rejection was great .	Abe feared rejection so much it was affecting his love life .	Every relationship he 'd ever tried was doomed .	Then Abe paid a therapist to help him with his problem .	He met a lovely woman and got married .
2	When the judges came to judge they chose Ronnie .	Ronnie was excited to be in the top two .	He made sure his last dish was his greatest .	Ronnie could n't be more happier .	He started jumping for joy .
0	Jake loved to skateboard in the street	He skated all over the neighborhood he lived in .	Jake slipped one day and broke his arm .	He had to wear a cast for 6 weeks .	Jake is more careful now when he skateboards .
2	There was just enough room to go around and continue on , so we did .	This morning , like usual we left our house on time for school .	On the way there we come across a concrete truck stuck in the mud .	Then we came upon another truck laying sideways in the road .	We were then forced to another route , what a morning !
4	She decided she would never stay up that late on a work night again .	Jennifer stayed up too late with her boyfriend one night .	When she woke up the next day , she knew it would be a hard one .	She was so tired and she struggled to focus .	She finally made it to the end of the day .
0	Vivienne and Ron are planning a trip .	They look up prices for exotic destinations .	They check airlines for the price of plane tickets .	They carefully construct their travel budget .	Eventually , they decide to conserve money and drive to a nearby city .
1	I decided to ride my bike to the grocery store .	I was hungry and there was n't much food in the house .	Once at the store , I walked around and selected my groceries .	I went back to the front of the store and paid for my items .	I rode my bike back home and cooked spaghetti for dinner .
1	I decided to take a trip with my friends to visit .	There is a candy factory down the street for me .	When we got there we put on the outfits and walked around .	Unfortunately though , we could n't have samples .	Therefore we were disappointed .
4	Eva bought a lovely prom dress , and her friends all had lovely nails !	Eva decided to do her friends ' nails to make money for her prom dress .	She advertised her services at school .	Many girls lined up to have their nails done by her .	Soon she had earned over a hundred dollars .
0	Mike played a fantasy card game with his friends every week .	Every week , he managed to beat everyone and bragged often .	One day , someone new challenged Mike .	Mike was sure he could win , so he cockily accepted the challenge .	Mike was thoroughly beaten , and he learned to be more humble .
2	To her dismay she found out the store was closing .	Allie loved the store Delias .	She shopped there everyday .	She was devastated .	She had to find a new store .
3	He followed the instructions carefully .	Christian wanted to learn to bake .	His mother gave him her cookbook .	He picked a recipe that was easy .	He put the cake in the oven to bake and it came out great .
3	He thought he was going to fail a class for the first time .	Reggie had to take a statistic course for his college major .	The only availability was with a very poorly rated teacher .	Reggie thought he could do it himself but the teacher made no sense !	He made his first friend in the city who helped and he passed !
3	She saw the look of annoyance on Ali 's friends face .	Val saw Ali enter the museum .	She thought about tripping her but teacher were nearby .	She followed Ali wherever she went .	Val was pleased her plan to ruin Ali 's day was working .
0	Sarah lived alone .	She wanted company because she was lonely .	She decided to buy a dog .	The dog was very fluffy .	The dog made Sarah happy .
2	Every weekend , he took lessons .	Kim wanted a license .	He signed up for driving school .	Soon he was ready to take his road test .	Kim eagerly signed up for the long-awaited test !
2	Bethy was afraid she would feel horrible and cry in front of people .	Bethy had never been to a funeral .	But her aunt had died and her mother insisted she attend .	On the day of the funeral , Bethy heard everyone share happy memories .	Later she felt sad but also happy to share so much love for her aunt .
3	When no one was looking , Julia rearranged the candy on the calendar .	Julia 's parents had just put out the Christmas decorations .	Her favorite was the advent calendar .	Every day one of the kids got to eat a piece of candy .	She made it so that on her days she got her favorite types of candy .
3	Carol had easily passed her test !	Carol always wanted to be a bus driver .	She studied her driving test for 3 weeks .	She finally took her bus driving test .	She was excited to finally be a bus driver !
0	Kim wanted the training wheels off his bike .	His dad agreed to remove them .	So he went out to test his newly-adult bike .	At first he wobbled unsteadily .	But soon he was riding quickly and steadily !
4	The fire was getting worse , but I saved an old lady who passed out .	I went to the gas station to get gas for my car .	I saw a fire as soon as i pulled up .	It was coming out of the gas station .	I ran inside to save anyone in there .
3	Gina began to walk down the street .	Gina came outside to see her niece sitting in the car .	She was playing with the steering wheel .	Gina 's dad was nearby watching the car .	She glanced back at the car one more time , then kept walking .
3	I had to put her down .	I had a pet dog .	She was really old .	She started getting cancer on her face .	Now my dog is dead .
3	During her trip , she needed to do a business conference .	Jennifer needed to travel for work .	She bought a ticket from New York to Tokyo .	Jennifer also made hotel reservations .	After the conference , she enjoyed some tourist spots .
2	One year , he put up more lights than ever .	My neighbor used to decorate his house for Christmas .	He used to cover the front of his house with lights .	The whole neighborhood came to his house to see his decorations .	He stopped decorating his house , after that .
2	She worked very hard to learn what she needed to .	Dylan had always dreamed of being a weather lady .	She went to college to study meteorology .	After graduating , she put in many applications .	Dylan landed a job at her favorite news station .
3	She rushed to the hospital and found out he was fine .	Candi loved to cook .	Her husband was in a car accident .	She found out after she started dinner .	The ham was over cooked .
1	I got in my car and drove for a few hours .	My friend invited me to his house .	I showed up and we went inside and had a beer .	We watched tv and ate some pizza .	I stayed the night and we talked for a while .
3	With 10 seconds left in the game , Rick scored a goal on a breakaway !	Last week , Rick 's team played in the championship game .	At the start of the third period , the game was tied .	The clock was ticking down and the crowd grew restless .	The fans and team celebrated with Rick .
2	The morning came and he did not wake up .	Billy 's mother set his alarm clock , so he could get up on his own .	Billy turned off the alarm as soon as she left .	His mother came in and poured cold water on him to wake him .	He now keeps his alarm set hoping we wakes before his mother comes .
0	Cal 's hair was very frizzy .	He brushed and brushed but today it just would n't lay down .	Cal tried some hairspray and even some gel .	It was all no use at all .	Cal decided he would just wear a hat today .
2	Gerald ordered the waffles and chicken wings , his favorite food .	It was Gerald 's birthday , so his family took him to eat .	They took Gerald to Roscoe 's chicken and waffles .	On the way there , the server dropped the food and it fell over Gerald .	Gerald was positive so he just laughed it off and ordered more food .
0	Dia needed ballet shoes .	She tried to find them , but she had no luck .	She ended up having to order them online .	When they arrived , she tried them on anxiously .	Luckily , they fit perfectly .
3	I worked out my legs hard for a month and added height to my vertical .	I 've always wanted to be able to dunk a basketball .	I can touch the rim but I ca n't quite get the ball over the rim .	I only need about two more inches to successfully dunk a ball .	Now I can dunk a basketball easily every time !
4	At school the next day , many girls were checking out Natty 's new look .	Natty had long dreads he wore since he was a young boy .	One day at school , a bully cut them off with scissors .	Natty spent that evening crying at home , but then he got an idea .	He shaved his head , and felt like a new man .
3	Milo broke his mother 's wrist with a wooden spoon in anger .	Milo was a fat boy with a bad temper .	Milo 's mother did not know how to discipline him properly at all .	One day , Milo wanted cookies but his mother said no .	Milo 's mother gave him the cookies out of desperation .
0	Derek was a great basketball player .	His team had a big game coming up and he was nervous .	Derek practiced free throw shots for days .	The day of the big game was here and he was ready .	He stood at the hoop , shot the ball , and won the game !
0	Tom was in the market for shoes .	He wanted a nice pair of boots to wear to nice restaurants .	He went to the mall .	He browsed for hours .	He found a pair he liked and purchased them .
1	He took the cookies and ate them in his sister 's bedroom .	One day , Dusty stole a box of cookies from the kitchen .	He hid the box of cookies under his sister 's bed .	When his mom saw that the cookies were missing , she was mad .	Dusty said he stole the cookies and said he would never do it again .
1	He decides to make a cup of coffee .	Johann wakes up feeling sleepy .	Johann beings by grinding some coffee beans .	He makes a delicious cup of coffee .	Johann is happy not to feel sleepy any longer .
1	He was able to buy a big bird costume though .	Victor is homeless .	He started to wear it in Times Square in NYC .	He was able to get a decent amount of money .	He would have a long time to wait to get an apartment though .
1	They were on top of a hill .	Jake was playing with friends .	They all started running down .	Jake lost balance and fell .	He tumbled most of the way down but was n't hurt .
1	She could n't navigate or cook , either .	Peg wanted to work on a ship , but she hated fishing .	The ship 's captain asked what she could do to help him .	Peg thought very hard , then offered her knot-tying services .	Now she ties the rigging and sails on ocean voyages !
1	The banana skins were bruised from exposure to the cold .	We had a grocery delivery last Friday .	We froze the bananas .	My wife found a recipe for banana bread on the internet .	We ate tasty banana bread on Sunday .
3	A buddy of mine said to take a week off and then try again .	I am really into bodybuilding and all around fitness .	I have been struggling with my bench press lately though .	I ca n't seem to be able to put up more than two hundred pounds .	I did that and it worked well !
2	I went to the kitchen to make a sandwich .	I went to my mom 's house tonight .	She asked me if I was hungry .	Her dog was begging for food .	I gave the dog a piece of bread .
1	But she wanted dessert too , since dinner had just ended .	Cass was very thirsty .	Cass decided to handle both problems at once .	She made a thick milkshake .	She drank it to relieve her thirst AND her craving for sweets !
3	When I cleared my cookies it wiped out its database .	I was using an extension for Chrome called Turk Assist .	It 's purpose is to track HITs on Amazon Mechanical Turk .	It also has other functions .	I no longer use such a shoddy piece of software .
2	My dog has been trying to `` help . ''	Our property has a lot of thorns .	We 've been working at cleaning them out .	He got a thorn in his paw .	After we took it out , he kept bounding through the thorns .
1	They had been my friends for many years .	My next door neighbors have moved away .	I am sad to lose them .	The new neighbors are moving in this weekend .	I hope I make new friends .
2	Sam began to walk towards it when a large wave hit the shore .	Sam walked along the beach to collect beach glass .	He saw a bright red piece of glass far in the distance .	The wave moved the glass to somewhere where Sam could n't find .	He ran to where he thought it was and dug in the sand to no avail .
1	He saved a few hundred dollars .	Adam wanted to own a Jeep .	Then he went to the dealership .	They took his cash and let him trade in his current car .	Adam got to drive away in a Jeep !
4	The therapist explained that her feelings were normal .	Laura lost her son in a car accident .	Two Year 's after the accident it was still fresh in her mind .	She knew that she had to find a way to move past this .	Laura went to talk to a therapist about her sadness .
3	They had no brands , though .	A shepherd counted his flock one evening .	He had several more sheep than he had had that morning .	He checked the brands , to see to whom the new sheep belonged .	He never did figure out where the new sheep came from .
2	John did n't see the icy patch in the middle of the lot .	John was running late for class .	He quickly ran across the parking lot on a winter day .	He slipped and fell on the icy patch , causing him to get hurt .	John no longer runs across the parking lot on icy days .
1	Bill decided to attend the Thanksgiving parade for the first time .	Bill wanted to do something special for Thanksgiving .	Bill loved to see the various entries in the parade .	In addition , Bill loved to see the smiling faces along the route .	Bill had a great time at the annual Thanksgiving parade .
1	The reason why is he read a book about republican politics .	Charles feels alone in a cruel world .	They tore down the World Trade Center before .	They also had a crooked ring called The Syndicate .	Charles realized nine-eleven was an inside job and felt so alone .
2	I bought a new garage door opener .	I had to replace the light socket in the old garage door opener .	Frustratingly , the garage door opener shorted out .	It took 5 hours to put it together and install it .	Fortunately , the new opener was quieter than the old one .
2	A full blown fight erupted .	Gina 's brother Jay had pushed his father .	His father pushed him back .	Upstairs , Gina could hear the sounds of the tussle .	She woke her mother to go and stop the fight .
1	His shovel went into the earth then suddenly stopped .	Mike was digging up his yard to plant a garden .	He dug around the obstruction to see it .	It was a human skull .	He tossed the skull far away and kept digging .
4	Although she was disappointed , she found another book to read .	Jenny looked forward to her weekly library trips with her mother .	This week , Jenny was planning to get a Nancy Drew book !	When they got to the library , Jenny ran inside to search the shelves .	To her dismay , the book had been checked out !
2	His grandma used to tell him anybody could make this good .	Tim has never cooked for his family .	He was nervous , but decided to follow an old family recipe .	He made the whole meal for his family in one hour .	They all loved it and said that Tim is a pro !
0	Rowan was really nervous about her first school dance .	She did n't think she was good at dancing .	Her mom wanted her to feel confident .	She signed her up for some lessons .	It made all the difference !
1	So she decided to catch it .	Sarah saw a beautiful butterfly outside .	She kept it in a large glass jar .	But she felt sad because it was more beautiful outside .	She decided to let it free , even if she would never see it again .
2	Travis set out to find the biggest catch of fish .	Travis grew up in a fishing village .	The village was running low on fish .	After three days at sea , Travis had a huge catch .	Travis returned to the village as a hero .
1	She trained for nine months .	Suz was preparing to run a marathon .	She woke up at five every morning to run six miles .	She ended up finishing first in the marathon !	Suz 's training paid off .
3	It did n't take him long to get into the swing of things .	Billy needed to make some money .	He decided on Friday night he would work from home .	Turning his computer on he realized there was a lot of work up !	Before he knew it , he was working his butt off and making money .
3	After I found the , I bought them and put them on .	I needed some new boots for the winter .	I decided on some camel colored boots .	I went to the store to find them yesterday .	They were perfect !
1	She loved her job .	Scarlet was a pirate ship 's parrot .	If the crew was bored , she told jokes and performed tricks .	When they attacked another ship , she hurled insults at the enemy .	Best of all , she ate exotic island fruits and seeds every day !
1	For some reason , the correlation coefficients were wrong .	I was analyzing some data for my statistics project .	I decided to figure out what the source of the problem was .	I realized my data frame was incorrectly structured .	I fixed the program and the coefficients were correct !
1	She cooks generic dinners now but nothing above average .	Ashley has always wanted to become a great cook .	She took a summer cooking course that taught her a lot of new things .	She has already become a much better and more diverse cooker .	She was so happy that she signed up for three more classes !
4	I learned that I should n't play with matches .	I was bored .	I decided to play with some matches .	I accidentally set someone 's house on fire .	I was arrested and sentenced to prison for arson .
0	Leslie works for the parks department .	At a town meeting people were upset about a pit .	She met a new friend there .	Leslie promised to take care of it .	Leslie started working on getting the pit filled .
2	His two friends said he really needed a girlfriend .	Carl was 6 foot 2 and weighed 220 pounds .	He was a harry black man and did n't think he was handsome .	They forced him to approach a girl he thought was cute .	He approached a white girl in a hallway and she hollered in fear .
2	One day she got a call from a grumpy old man .	Cindy use to work for a call center .	She was a very hard worker .	The man chewed her out for no reason .	Cindy ended up quitting her job .
3	A large whale surfaced near the ship .	Charles was on a cruise ship bound for Alaska .	He always wanted to view the Majesty of the great north .	The cruise ship slid through the icy Alaskan sea .	Charles was in awe of the majesty as he snapped photo after photo .
2	She gives her customers many options .	Sue loves to eat ice cream .	She decided to open up an ice cream shop .	She also offers a free ice cream of the month club .	Sue loves having an ice cream shop .
3	Both teams vied for the winning point .	Fred and his team were gearing up for the soccer game .	Fred was very nervous .	As he got on the field it was a close game .	Luckily Fred 's team won .
1	Very happy , I kissed mom and dad and went upstairs to my bedroom .	I was six and it was Christmas and I 'd already opened all my presents .	I got in my nice soft bed then remembered I 'd forgotten something	So I got out of bed to walk to the bathroom .	And then I 'd swear , I saw mama kissing Santa Claus .
0	Roger wanted to play tennis as well as Roger Federer .	Roger was blind though .	He would listen for the sound of the ball bouncing .	Then he would chase the ball and hit it .	No one ever told Roger all his balls never landed in the court .
3	She owed property taxes , and had to pay up front !	Lynda packed up her belongings .	She 'd won a house and was moving to another state .	Upon arrival , she was hit with a rather sudden realization .	Lynda protested , but ended up paying them all .
4	Bill became a famous author .	Bill wrote a book .	He sent the book to a book publisher .	The publisher read his book and liked it .	He offered to publish Bill 's book .
4	Audrey surprisingly fell in love with their restaurant and food .	Audrey was afraid to try new foods .	Her parents would take her to different restaurants often .	Audrey never liked any of them or what they offered .	One day they took her to Chipotle .
4	He still plays with them to this day .	Little Timmy wanted to grow up to be a race car driver .	He always dreamed of joining F1 racing .	On his seventh birthday his parents bought him a set of toy cars .	He loved them .
1	He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band .	John decided to form a band .	A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments .	John taught his friends how to play .	Now they have a successful band .
3	Her mom took her on the slide .	Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014 .	We walked across the street to the playground .	She met a friend and played .	We had a fun time .
4	I will get a guard dog .	Two people were killed in the big city today !	All they were doing was getting gas .	I 'm getting scared to go out .	I need to increase my security .
1	A diver jumped in one day to look for it .	There was a rumour in town that there was pirate gold under the lake .	In the lowest part of the lake he found a chest with a lock .	He brought it back to the surface to open .	The chest was full of rocks so he locked it up and tossed it back in .
4	Sobbing , Gail poured ketchup on the cold french fries .	Glancing at her watch , Gail became agitated .	Hearing her stomach growl , Gail decided to wait ten more minutes .	Nine minutes later , the waitress served Gail her dinner order .	Finding the food ice cold , Gail burst into tears .
3	She gave all the candy to her friends .	Riley loved grape flavored candy .	Justin decided to impress Riley with lots of grape candy .	Sadly , this made Riley very uncomfortable .	Justin never tried to give Riley a gift again .
1	So , I went to the local salon .	I wanted to get a haircut .	I asked the hairdresser to cut my hair any way she liked .	She was wary of my request but she obliged .	She cut my hair wonderfully !
2	He decided to sell his baseball cards .	Boris wanted the new video game .	But , he did n't have enough money .	After a week he finally sold enough cards .	He went to the store and bought the game .
3	She twisted her ankle .	Kate is very clumsy by nature .	She tends to walk slowly in hopes that she wo n't do something painful .	Last weekend , she was in a hurry and stepped right off a curb .	She had to ice it and keep her foot up for a few days .
2	One day she summons the courage to go to the shoe store .	Vicky has needed a new pair of shoes for months .	She has avoided buying new shoes because her feet smell so bad .	She takes off her shoes to try on a pair and the smell is awful .	Luckily it only lasts a minute , and she has her new pair of shoes on .
2	Theresa looked for jobs in Colorado where the weather was very cold .	Theresa loved cold weather .	She lived in Texas where the weather was not cold .	After a while , she accepted a job in Denver and moved there .	Theresa was able to enjoy the cold much of the year in Denver .
0	Jade wanted a custom designed wedding ring .	Her fiance took her to the jewelry store .	She picked out designs she liked .	Then she selected her stone .	Jade was so thrilled to get her one-of-a-kind wedding ring !
4	Jill and Mike played a lot of pretend games on the rain .	Jill and Mike loved to play in the rain .	Whenever it rained , Jill and Mike would come to the porch .	The rain would cover the side of the porch .	Jill and Mike used to pretend they were walking along the beach .
1	You could see it in her face as she left her home to go to the doctor .	The old lady next door was ill .	She looked worn out .	She lived alone , and her only companion was a dog .	Gina worried she would die in that house alone , and no one would know .
1	She passed a sign that said Welcome to Ebenezer .	Amy was on a late night drive .	Amy knew she was very lost !	So she pulled into a gas station and asked for directions .	It turned out she had come fifty miles from home !
4	Her husband confessed he had bought her fake diamonds !	Ellen had a loose stone on her engagement ring .	She took it to the jeweler to have it fixed .	When she picked it up , he asked if she knew the diamonds were fake .	She had been married for 10 years and thought the stones were real .
3	After the school closed , I said goodbye to everyone .	I came to school drowsy since I spent all night studying for exams .	After taking the exams , I decided to get together with a few friends .	We decided to hang out around campus before going home .	We took our phone numbers down to arrange another meet up .
3	He started looking for the sandwich thief .	Dan was hungry for his lunch .	He went to the break room to get his sandwich .	When he opened the refrigerator he saw his sandwich was gone .	He saw his enemy Tim eating his sandwich .
2	She was trying to find an outfit for Daisy to wear to a date .	Shelly was very good at finding deals .	She was so good her friends started hiring her to find them deals .	She scoured every thrift store and sales rack .	She found Daisy a gorgeous dress for ten percent retail !
4	George was removed from the premises .	George entered a dance contest .	He expected that everyone had the kind of energy that he has .	George danced with all his might , and frightened the other dancers .	The other dancers decided that he was too hyped .
1	Jim taught at a school for gifted , but less fortunate kids .	Jim Malone was a science teacher with a passion for music .	The school recently lost their musical director .	If they could not find a replacement they would close the program .	Jim became the new musical director .
0	The dealer just turned over a card that won a player a lot of money .	As a result the dealer became jittery .	He tried to shuffle the cards but he dropped the deck .	Cards went all over the table .	A player secretly picked up a card and marked it before returning it .
4	That was until the day they did n't pay the TV bill and we 're cut off .	There was a popular TV show .	It was about a power struggle .	The power struggle between 7 kingdoms .	The couple used to watch this show all the time .
3	He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling .	Today was the first day of Matt 's diet .	He went almost all day without eating .	He only ate something small in the morning .	He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him .
0	The Wilson family just moved to their new home .	They were in a new area that was prone to tornadoes .	They were n't familiar with them .	They ignored the warnings of one heading their way .	Their house was destroyed and they all died .
0	I 've always loved to eat seafood .	I recently went to an aquarium .	I realized how beautiful fish are when they 're still alive .	I felt guilty .	I no longer eat fish .
1	He specifically said get the cheap kind and give him change .	Lance gave his friend money for beer .	When they friend came back they had tons of expensive beer .	Lance was about to freak out before he got all his money back .	His friend decided to just steal good beer instead .
2	They bought a fauna pamphlet and trail guide .	Matt and his girlfriend went to Yosemite last May .	His girlfriend hoped to see a lot of wildlife .	They saw bears , deer and two coyotes .	They had a wonderful trip and are excited to return .
1	We went outside to see what he was barking at .	One day , my dog would not stop barking .	Suddenly , we saw a snake on our front porch .	The dog was going nuts !	Finally , the snake left .
2	She said she liked the rough look I had .	I threw out my mirror because I did n't care how others saw me .	I dug it out of the trash when I met a pretty girl .	I gave her my number and asked her to call me .	She said she did n't have a phone and just to write .
1	His parents told him not to play near the ant hills in the backyard .	Robert was a mischievous boy .	Robert ignored their warning and approached the ant hill with malice .	Robert started smashing the hill , causing the ants to land on Robert .	The ants bit Robert , causing him to remember his parent 's warning .
2	But then she began to feel guilty .	Kya stole a wallet from a girl in her class .	At first she was proud of her acquisition .	Kya returned the wallet to the girl she 'd stolen it from .	She felt relieved after she returned it .
0	Jill hated her house .	She wanted to move to Bolivia with her cousin .	Her mother showed her a slideshow of the great town she lived in .	Jill liked the slideshow .	She decided she would like to stay where she was .
3	As she got on , she immediately lost balance and fell .	Rachel was riding her new bike for the first time .	She was excited to try it .	She took off the training wheels and hopped on .	She scraped her knee but thankfully it was benign .
0	Mia thought she was allergic to bees .	Then one day she was stung by one .	It hurt , but her arm did n't swell .	Mia had no allergic reaction at all !	She realized she must have outgrown her allergy .
2	Jason remembered he put a bottle of water in the fridge .	Jason craved a cold glass of water .	He was thirsty from exercising .	He went to the kitchen .	He drank the cold water from the bottle in the fridge .
2	After a week of studying , the test day came .	My teacher announced an important test .	I went home and began to study .	I sat down and worked hard on the test .	After finishing the test , I was given a good score .
0	Billy and John played out in the snow for hours .	They did n't realize how cold they had gotten .	When they went inside , Billy 's mom had hot cocoa for them .	It felt really good warming up their hands .	And it tasted even better than it felt .
3	Mary asked the teacher if she could take the test again .	Mary had always gotten good grades in school , but failed a test .	She was sad when she saw she had been given a F .	Mary cried when she saw the bad grade .	The teacher agreed and let her take the test again for a better grade .
0	Larry had to stay late at work again .	His wife was upset over it .	When he got home she was asleep .	The food was cold and there was nothing to do .	He just drank a beer and passed out .
0	Bill loved the park .	There was only one problem .	He was afraid of the big slide .	His friends loved the big slide .	He finally tried it and had a blast .
3	He especially enjoyed the food and gifts !	Neil went to a celebration with his Vietnamese friend .	It was a party to celebrate the new year .	It was called Tet , and Neil loved it .	He could n't wait for Tet again next year !
4	She was able to clean the whole room on her sick day .	Jill had a messy room .	She did not have time to clean it .	She left candy and papers everywhere .	One day she stayed home sick .
1	She thought it was cute , so she decided to pick it up .	One day Megan found a toad hopping around the bushes .	She did , and the toad peed all over her hand !	She certainly had n't expected that to happen !	Megan decided not to pick up any more toads .
4	Jacob had to go to the hospital to get his ankle x-rayed .	Jacob was a skateboarder .	He wanted to impress his friends , who were also skaters .	In order to do that , Jacob tried to kickflip down a set of 6 stairs .	Jacob landed on his ankle wrong , and was unable to stand back up .
4	Eventually , Jon lost the game .	Jon was good at chess .	He challenged his friend to a game .	Alas , he did not know his friend was better at chess .	Jon and his friend fought hard .
2	I saw a kiwi .	I was vacationing in Indonesia .	I decided to go to the fruit market .	I had never had a kiwi before .	I bought it and it was very tasty .
0	I applied for an entry level job .	The hiring manager called me .	She withdrew my application because I did n't have experience .	I told her that 's why I applied for an entry level job .	She hung up and I realized that I needed experience to get a job .
2	Suddenly , I felt a pop and a slap in the face .	I was playing guitar in my room .	I bent the string for a vibrato effect .	The guitar string broke , so I removed it from the guitar .	I grabbed a replacement string and went back to playing .
1	She asked my siblings and I if any of us caused the pile .	My mom saw several dishes in the sink .	Although all of us said no , my mom assumed it was my brother .	She ended up grounding him for a month .	I kept my mouth shut since I was the one who created the dishes .
1	I am passionate about veganism .	I have been a vegan for several years .	I recently met a very nice boy .	Unfortunately , he loves wearing leather jackets .	Things are not working out for our relationship .
2	He considered declining the invitation .	Ben had been invited to a concert with his friends .	But he 'd never been to a concert and he was nervous !	Finally , his friends convinced him to go .	Ben went with them and ended up having a great time !
2	He decided to try making money online .	Matt really wanted a new video game .	He did n't have enough money to buy it .	It took him several months , but he eventually earned enough money .	He bought the new video game and was very happy .
1	He looked at it for hours confused as to where to even start .	Tim was frustrated because he had to still do his calculus homework .	He asked his father for advice .	His father instructed him to go to a website with various tutorials .	Tim was able to grasp the concepts and receive a passing grade .
3	Beth quickly stopped the bike so she did n't hit them .	Beth was riding her bike at the park near her house .	The path wound into the woods all around the park .	While riding a family of iguanas darted onto the path .	The mother and her babies looked up then continued on their way .
4	Now Bernie plays blues songs and wallows in his self-pity daily .	Bernie had no family and no friends .	He was a very sad and lonely man .	He spent most of his time alone in his apartment .	One day he decided to learn the guitar .
4	She made enough money to ride all day and night .	Jane heard that a carnival was coming to her small town .	She wondered how she could make money for the rides .	She saw a sign advertising a turtle race at the carnival .	Jane caught turtles to sell before the race .
0	Josh loves to eat crepes .	His mom always made them for him .	His girlfriend wanted to make them for him .	She learned a recipe .	He was impressed with her efforts and they were great .
3	I quit my job .	I wanted to go to Hawaii .	I decided to ask my boss for some time off .	She told me no .	Now , I could go to Hawaii .
2	The first day of ninth grade Tina had to introduce herself in class .	Tina , a teenager , is amused with how popular her mother is .	Her mother released a Rap album in the early nineties .	Tina introduced herself and said the teacher already knew her .	Her teacher asked how , and Tina told him who was her mother .
1	He heard his door creak as he slammed it shut .	Ken left his house in a rush one morning .	This bothered Ken a lot .	When he got home he took out a can of oil .	Ken oiled the door hinge so it did n't make any noise .
4	My dog recovered quickly .	My dog was not acting like herself .	I took her to the vet .	The vet said she was very sick .	I had to give her medicine every day .
1	He could n't decide if he wanted an iPhone or and Android .	Chris decided to get a new phone .	The store clerk suggested he go with an iPhone .	Chris decided to go with the iPhone .	His credit card was declined unfortunately .
1	Her parents took her to an agricultural show .	Addison had wanted to get a duck for the farm .	She learned about how to care and feed ducks .	Her parents bought her six baby ducks .	After building a coop , Addison has made the ducks a happy home .
2	He packed his clothes and some water and left .	Bob 's parents grounded him .	He decided to run away from home .	After a few hours , he realized he needed his parents .	He came back home but his parents did n't even know he left .
3	Then Al remembered how their dad had raised them , alone , for 18 years .	Al and Ann , twins , loved their dad very much .	But when he got Alzheimer 's , neither could help him .	The twins had a small home and agreed a nursing home would be best .	Shamed , he and Ann agreed that their dad should move in with them .
4	By morning 's end , he had crafted five exquisite sentences .	The writer stared at the blank page .	Nothing was coming to him today .	But , finally , he had a flash of inspiration .	He set to typing furiously .
3	To his delight he saw his Easter basket full of presents and candy .	Raymond woke up excited because it was Easter morning .	He jumped out of bed and ran downstairs .	He wanted to see if the Easter Bunny had come .	He knew that this was going to be an amazing Easter .
2	I voted for myself as a write-in candidate .	I went into the voting booth on election day .	I saw that no one was running for constable .	I was the only person who voted for the position .	I am now constable of my voting ward .
0	I bought a box of packing tape from Amazon .	It was an Amazon Prime order .	The package was supposed to arrive on Wednesday by 8 pm .	It did not arrive that day .	I contacted Amazon and accepted a $ 5 credit .
4	Afterwards , Jim was always careful to brush his teeth twice a day .	Jim 's jaw was very swollen and red .	He could n't figure out what was the problem .	Jim went to the dentist , who looked at his teeth .	The dentist found a rotten tooth , and pulled it out .
1	She saw a very rare bird high up in a tree .	Marge was out in the woods looking for birds .	To get a better look she climbed the tree next to it .	At the top , Marge took out her binoculars and watched the bird .	She excitedly wrote down her find in her bird journal .
0	Phil was a young man in his early twenties '	Undecided what to do with his life being recently let go of his job .	He speaks with his closest friends who recruits him to the army .	Phil spends time in the army and the time has come to go to war .	Phil fights in the war and receives a medal of honor for his braveness
3	Adriana walked in on her husband with another woman .	Adriana was a faithful woman .	She would do anything for her husband .	Sadly he did n't show as much love for her .	After his apology she forgave him and stayed in the marriage .
2	Tom began having children with his wife .	Working late hours was normal for Tom .	Anytime the office was open he was at work .	As his kids grew they complained about his work schedule .	Tom had to learn to cut back on his hours to spend time with his kids .
4	Leslie 's boyfriend punched the other boy in the nose .	Leslie 's boyfriend was overseas making money .	She met another boy and invited him over to watch movies one night .	Leslie 's boyfriend came home unexpectedly to propose to her .	He caught them kissing on the couch ,
3	He decided to bring his charger to work with him .	Johnny brought his phone to work everyday .	His phone would always run out of battery before his shift ended .	He would be bored at the end of his shift .	He was never bored at the end of a shift , again .
2	This particular politician was running for governor .	Seamus became very interested in US politics .	He passionately supported his favorite politician .	With Seamus ' help , the politician won the election .	The politician did not keep his promises , discouraging Seamus .
1	She waited eight days for the shoes to arrive .	Libby ordered new shoes on the internet .	On the eighth day , a package was delivered .	Libby eagerly opened the box .	Libby tried on her new shoes .
3	She had to go to the emergency room .	My sister had colitis .	She could only eat certain grains .	I accidentally fed her rye for dinner .	I realized I should double check what I feed her .
1	Her mom purchased the same exact curler that was advertised .	Hannah was fascinated from the hair curler advertisement on television	Hannah tried it out in her bathroom .	Unfortunately , the curler burned a huge piece of her hair .	Hannah had to cut her hair short to even out the damaged ends .
2	Red wiped down the mirror to see better .	Red went to the bathroom to shave .	The mirror was too dirty to see too well .	Once the mirror was clean he shaved his face .	Red cleaned the mirror again before he left the bathroom .
0	Everyday Bob 's mother added applesauce to his lunchbox .	Bob always tried to give the applesauce away at school .	But nobody wanted the gross applesauce .	One day , Sarah accepted it .	She only kept it because she liked Bob .
3	The next day , her brother confronted Jeff .	Jeff insulted Carrie in school .	He said that her shoes are extremely cheap .	Carrie became offended by the comment and ran home .	He gave a Jeff a huge wedgie , and the whole class laughed at him .
4	She completed her studies with honors , and is now a renowned pianist .	Music was Kat 's life .	She never met an instrument that she could n't play .	Her gift for music took her all the way to New York City .	She earned a scholarship to a prestigious performing arts school .
1	Rhonda was not a big fan of comedy .	Rhonda won tickets to a comedy show .	She decided to go to the show anyway .	Rhonda thought the comedians were hilarious .	Now Rhonda regularly attends comedy shows .
0	Joe was playing in his yard .	His phone fell out .	It broke in half .	Luckily Joe had an insurance plan on the phone .	The phone company gave him a brand new phone !
0	Jim had to walk to school on a rainy day .	He put on his rubber boots and rain jacket .	He got his umbrella from the closet .	Jim stepped outside into the pouring rain .	He quickly opened his umbrella in order to stay dry as he walked .
4	Tom never walked backwards again .	Tom wanted to walk backwards .	He wanted to do it the whole day .	He walked backwards through school .	He bumped into the salad bar in the lunchroom .
3	Cayla finally saw a doctor and explained her problems .	Cayla was n't sure what was wrong with her .	She did n't seem sick but she could n't get out of bed .	Cayla 's mom would yell at her to get up and go to school .	The doctor said Cayla was depressed .
0	Mike went to the park to play basketball with his friends .	He showed off his brand new shoes to everyone .	Mike told everyone his shoes would help him play better .	After the game , Mike realized he had not played any differently .	Mike regretted spending so much money on his new shoes .
0	Bill the weatherman was shocked to see the letter at his desk .	It was $ 500 and a note from an umbrella company to predict more rain .	Last week he got $ 600 from a sunglasses company to call for more sun .	He panic during his next broadcast and predicted an earthquake .	There was no quake but everyone in town swore they felt something .
1	She wanted to try to breastfeed her baby .	Kiki was a brand new mother .	Kiki found it to be more difficult than she thought it would be .	She decided to switch to formula feeding .	Kiki and her baby were much happier with her decision .
2	He packed all sort of gear for the trip .	Dave loved to sail .	One day he decided to sail his boat far away .	The day before the trip his boat was stolen .	Dave was sad he could n't take his trip .
1	She followed the cute guy to his science class .	Susan saw a cute guy in math class .	Susan sat behind him and stared at the cute guy .	The teacher asked Susan why she was in the wrong class .	Embarrassed , Susan stood up and went to her class .
0	Dan threw mashed potatoes at his friend Alex in the cafeteria .	Alex thew food back .	Before long the whole cafeteria was throwing food .	A teacher saw Dan start the food fight .	Dan was suspended for 2 days .
2	She checks the cabinets but she does not have any food .	Yuko is very hungry in her apartment .	She decides she would like to eat .	Yuko decides to go out to eat .	Finally Yuko can eat dinner at a restaurant .
4	I left my friend behind in the locker room .	I sat on a bee in the locker room .	I jumped around in pain .	I began to cry because my friend was laughing at me .	A nice lady came and took the stinger out of my butt .
4	We were told to leave the theatre and the beer was confiscated .	My friend and I wanted to see a new movie in the theatres .	We went to the theatre and bought our tickets then walked inside .	Once , we were in the theatre , my friend handed me a bottle of beer .	As soon as the bottle touched my lips , a flashlight shined at us .
4	She sold out within the hour making over $ 100 .	Penny was a very good painter .	One day she decided to paint animals on large , smooth rocks .	Her creation turned out so well she painted more .	She put them up for sale at a flea market .
0	Gina had one of her new Lisa Frank pencils on her desk .	A boy named Dave ran over and snatched it .	The pencil was brand new .	And the boy threatened to sharpen it to annoy Gina .	Gina pretended not to care , and he gave the pencil back .
0	Hari was getting old and stiff .	He decided to take care of his health .	He enrolled in yoga class .	At first , he was the worst yogi at the yoga class .	But , after many years he became one of the best yogis !
0	Jim wanted to binge watch his favorite show .	He ordered the DVD set but could n't wait for it to arrive .	His friend Bill also loved the show .	He called Bill but Bill did n't have it on DVD either .	They saw it was on Netflix and binge watched it together .
0	I wanted to make cheese .	I began to boil milk .	I poured vinegar into the milk .	I let it curdle up over the heat .	I then filtered the cheese curds out of the milk .
2	Before going into the car , I checked the pizza .	I arrived to the pizza place since my delivery was made .	The cashier gave me my orders and took down the payment .	Unfortunately , I noticed that the entire pizza is tough and stale .	Luckily , I received a refund on the purchase .
4	Jim no longer felt that dying his hair was in any way dishonest .	Jim noticed that his hair was becoming more gray every year .	He did n't like the gray , but felt that he dying his hair was dishonest	One day he decided to trying dying his hair .	Jim loved the way he looked black hair again .
3	He broke the piggy bank to get the change .	Alistair bought a piggy bank to save with .	He put several nickels into it everyday .	Eventually he was able to save up for a new book .	Finally he got his new book .
0	A squirrel lived in a tree outside Anna 's bedroom .	Everyday it tried to steal seeds from a bird feeder out there .	However there was a device to prevent the squirrels from getting any .	So Anna dismantled the squirrel preventing device .	Soon the squirrel was big and fat on bird seed .
3	Our business was doing great !	I had ten thousand dollars .	I decided to start a lawn care business .	So , I leased a car and hired a friend to work with me .	Soon , we became the best lawn care business in town .
4	She is very happy that she voted this year .	Linda has never voted in any election .	However , her friends tell her that this election is very important .	She spends weeks researching all the candidates .	On election day Linda votes for the candidate she likes best .
0	In the beginning , Charles did n't think Lisa was crazy .	But he was wrong .	The more they dated , the less he liked her .	Charles stopped calling her and turned off his ringer .	Lisa called him constantly for two weeks .
1	But she felt insecure when someone got better math grades than her .	Terri was always the best math student in her classes .	Terri bragged that she never studied .	But eventually , her grades got worse .	Terri decided to work hard and got the best math grades in her school .
2	I put candy , drawings , and things inside to attract the leprechaun .	I once made a leprechaun trap as a kid .	I really fantasized that I 'd find a leprechaun in there .	I waited all day and there was nothing to be found .	By the next morning there still was n't a leprechaun and I gave up .
1	She noticed she had almost no new clothes .	Janice was cleaning her closet last week .	It made her sad .	She felt poor and worthless .	She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .
3	The fire department got things under control in a few hours .	I got a call from my friend Roger this afternoon .	He said that his property caught on fire and he needed my help .	We used my horse trailer to move all the animals very quickly .	Thankfully the only thing that burned was grass .
3	She reached her hand into the cookie jar and pulled out a cookie .	A little girl wanted to eat cookies .	It was late at night and her parents were asleep .	The girl tiptoed across the kitchen slowly .	But when she turned around , an angry mother was glaring at her !
1	His old laptop is getting slow .	Jason wants to buy a new laptop .	Jason researches current laptops .	Jason decides to buy an Apple Macbook .	Jason goes to the Apple store and purchases his new laptop .
1	He saved up money diligently for the flight to her home in Iowa .	Francisco had n't seen his mother in Years .	Finally the day had come for Francisco to fly to Iowa .	He and his mother were very happy to see each other .	Francisco promised he would never wait so long to see her again .
3	Fernando takes a day off work to paint his bedroom .	Fernando is tired of the simple colors his apartment is painted .	He decides to paint his bedroom a new color .	The paint store has a sale on a beautiful gray color .	He is very happy how his bedroom looks with gray walls .
0	Sam and Joe were tossing a ball around in the back yard .	Joe accidentally tossed the ball over the fence .	The ball went into the neighbor 's yard .	Sam climbed over the fence to get the ball .	Joe was more careful with the ball after that .
1	After she finished read one page , she tried to flip the page .	Sam was reading the book out loud in class .	The sides ended up cutting her finger .	The teacher immediately took her to a clinic .	The nurse rubbed alcohol and placed a band-aid around it .
2	Eli was scared out of his wits and shot them all !	Eli was a fan of the Walking Dead and all his friends knew it .	One day they decided to prank him by dressing up as zombies .	The court did n't think he proved he felt he was in imminent danger .	Eli was sentenced to life in prison for his reckless behavior .
1	They were expecting a child very soon .	Dina and her husband lived in a one bedroom apartment .	They did n't have the money to get a two bedroom place .	Dina purchased a crib and made room for the baby in their room .	This arrangement worked out perfectly for all three of them .
4	He was ready to start getting into shape !	Juan resolved to start exercising more .	He needed a new pair of shoes to exercise .	The local store had a great pair of running shoes .	Juan tried them on and they fit perfectly .
2	The bird had hurt its wing .	Mary and Lou decided to buy a parakeet .	On the way to the pet store they saw an injured bird .	Mary got out of the car and tenderly picked up the bird .	They drove back home .
4	It ate the bug and Jordan was able to relax again .	Jordan was watching a movie .	Suddenly , she noticed a gigantic water bug on the floor .	She put her cat in the room with it .	The cat quickly hunted down the bug .
1	He needed to be ready for it .	Jay had a job interview coming up .	He went out to buy a new suit .	He practiced his speaking skills .	When the big day came , he was ready !
3	But when they met , Rhea was relieved .	Rhea 's daughter had married her beau .	Rhea had never met the man .	She was apprehensive about their first meeting .	Her new son-in-law was a wonderful , charming man !
2	The pudding fell on his pants .	Jim was watching tv and eating chocolate pudding .	He laughed at a scene in a movie and accidentally spilled pudding .	Jim 's mom came in the house and seen the stain .	Jim 's mom got angry and grounded Jim for a week .
2	After a few seconds the elevator suddenly stopped .	Tim usually took the stairs up to his office .	One day he decided to try the elevator .	Tim was trapped !	From now on he will always use the stairs .
2	Grandpa decided to get Lucy a treat .	Lucy was happy grandpa picked her up .	After her rough day she just wanted to go home .	The car pulled into a parking lot .	Lucy looked up happily to see a Walgreens .
2	He put the game on the top of his Christmas list .	Tommy loved to play video games .	He was hoping to get the Super Mario Maker game for Christmas .	His parents discussed it and decided to buy him the game .	Tommy is going to be so excited when he opens it on Christmas morning !
0	Karl the supermarket bag boy was faced with a dilemma .	To fit all the food in one bag or to waste a bag and use two ?	The stress of the situation piled on him greatly .	At last he decided to use two bag just to be safe .	He handed the bags to the customer and thanked him .
4	The next day , he handed the test to the teacher and got away with it .	Tom , a high school student , did not do well on a test .	The teacher told Tom that his mother had to sign the graded test .	Tom did n't want his mother to find out his poor grade .	So , he forged her signature .
2	She decided to look out her window .	Bella woke up early one morning to a cold room .	She noticed it was chillier than usual .	Everything was covered in fresh white snow .	Bella bundled up and ran outside to play in the snow .
2	Samantha asked Doug 's friend for advice .	Samantha wanted to buy a gift for her boyfriend , Doug .	She had a lot of money , but was n't sure what to buy .	Doug 's friend told Samantha that Doug needed a new watch .	Samantha bought Doug a watch , and Doug was happily surprised .
1	He would play a tune for the people who walked passed him .	Bongo Joe grabbed his Bongos and walked down the street .	Every few people handed him a tip for his great rhythms .	With all the money , Bongo Joe bought a second set of bongos .	Now when he goes out , his friend follows him with the other set .
2	To pay for the lessons , Mitch got a job delivering the newspaper .	Mitch wanted to learn how to play the piano .	Unfortunately , his family was too poor to afford piano lessons .	He saved all the money he made .	After 3 months , Mitch was able to afford his piano lessons !
0	Ted liked cookies .	However he only liked when his mother made them .	He spit out all other cookies .	His friends met up and tried to make the best cookies of all time .	They were so good that Ted decided to try other people 's cookies .
0	My daughter was explaining to me what God was .	She told me it was everyone and everything .	She told me God was Love .	I teared up listening to her explanation .	It was a proud mommy moment .
2	Julia carefully followed the instructions from her cookbook .	Julia loved pizza so much she wanted to make some of her own .	She bought all the ingredients and laid them upon the counter .	However she was very indecisive about the toppings .	Finally Julia gleefully to add as many toppings as possible .
1	He was nervous because it was his first time .	Burt was in charge of fireworks for the town fair .	He loaded in a large firework and prepared to fire it .	Once he launched it it only went 20 feet up .	Burt looked at it for a second and then jumped for cover .
2	She sat on his lap .	Our granddaughter just saw Santa Claus .	She is 18 months old .	She did not cry but she was very skeptical about him .	The photo of her face looking at Santa is priceless .
3	He saw large headphones called Beats by Dre .	Clark needed to buy some headphones .	His had broken the night before .	Clark drove to Target and looked around at the selection .	Clark decided they were too expensive and left Target .
0	There once was an Opossum that lived under my brothers front porch .	My brother swatted at it with a broom to try and make it leave .	The Opossum walked out from under the porch and stared at him .	My brother had no words for the Opossum 's bravery .	He left the Opossum alone and it eventually left on its own accord .
1	People then decided to start making fun of Vlad .	Vlad always made fun of people where he worked .	Vlad did n't like it very much .	Vlad then truly understood the error of his ways .	Vlad vowed not to be so insensitive to his coworkers .
4	We will never go to that sandbox again .	I went with my friend Jane to the park yesterday .	While we were at the park we played in a giant sandbox .	Suddenly , fire ants came out of the sand and started biting us !	It was so scary that we ran home .
2	They each attempted to make their own pots .	A couple decided to make their own pottery .	They purchased a potter 's wheel and decided to learn how to use it .	They nearly all turned out badly .	They decided they were better off buying pottery instead .
4	Francis was so proud he was finally helping at the family farm .	Francis wanted to help out his parents more around their farm .	However , he hated waking up early with his father to do farm chores .	One morning he forced himself to wake at dawn , despite feeling sleepy .	His first chore was to milk an old cow .
2	There was a triple open , but only for a 6-letter word starting with z .	Gina stared hard at the scrabble board .	To win , she needed to score 30 points .	She almost gave up , but then she grinned instead .	Snatching her titles , she played Zephyr for 69 points !
0	I always wanted to go to Raging Rivers as a kid .	We finally took a family trip there .	When I got there , I went straight to the wave pool .	It ended up being way too deep , with waves I could n't handle !	After that , I hated Raging Rivers and wanted to go home !
4	I moved to the sofa instead .	At my place , there are a lot of seating options .	Sometimes it can be hard to choose where to sit .	This morning , I sat down in the easy chair .	I was not comfortable .
4	Since I did n't have the money , the restaurant gave me a fine .	I order a dinner meal by my local restaurant .	The waitress was eager to take my order down .	She gave me the food and I slowly ate it .	I realized that I was short on the payment where she asked me .
4	Eventually Rich and Neil powered through and finished with pride .	Rich and Neil loved to go hiking .	One weekend , they decided to try out a two day trail nearby .	On the first day , they got lost and Rich sprained his ankle .	They were worried they would have to call for help .
3	He refused to repair it .	I was showering .	I noticed my shower head was slightly broken .	I called my landlord and asked him to repair it .	I threatened to sue him and he decided to repair it .
4	But the librarian saw her , and sent her on her way .	Gina was due in the principal 's office .	But she did n't want to go there .	She went to the library and grabbed a book .	She tried to sit quietly and read .
4	She ended up giving them to her friends .	Lily went to plant some flowers .	She took some seeds and water and started planting .	A month later , she saw flowers blooming .	She picked them up and made a bouquet .
3	Jane was relieved she had n't gotten stung .	Jane was driving down the road when a bee flew in her window .	She did n't want to get stung , so she pulled off the road .	Jane opened all the doors and the bee flew out of the car .	She decided to keep the windows closed for the rest of her trip .
4	She said she would never ride a bus to Atlantic City again .	In 2013 my sister in law went to Atlantic City .	She went to see the Long Island Medium .	The trip was a disaster , as the bus broke down .	She got in late , but was able to see the performance .
2	On the way , a cat ran in front of his car .	Jeff was a pizza delivery man .	One day he had to deliver 50 pizzas to a party .	Jeff slammed on the breaks .	Some of the pizza boxes flew forward , spilling pizza on the floor .
4	Sue took a swig from her flask and did n't answer .	Sue got very drunk with her friends one night .	The next morning she woke up and went to work .	While teaching a lesson she stumbled on her words .	Her students asked if she was drunk .
0	Alan was riding the subway home from work .	He got engrossed in his newspaper .	He did n't even notice when the subway passed his stop !	By the time he realized , it was too late .	Alan had to walk back four blocks .
2	I thought about that for a few moments and decided on a sandwich .	Mable wanted to make something for me to eat .	She asked me if I preferred an omelette or a sandwich .	So then I asked her if she would make me a ham on rye .	She said that would be fine and made me a scrumptious ham on rye .
4	He was a starter and took the basketball team to state .	Mike was trying out for the basketball team and got cut .	The coach gave him a specific list of things to work on to improve .	Mike spent all offseason perfecting aspects of his game .	The next year Mike made the team !
3	Lily was very disappointed when she walked into her dark living room .	Lily was looking forward to her birthday - she always had a big party .	But her best friend was n't mentioning any plans .	On her birthday , she still had n't heard anything about a celebration .	Her mood changed quickly when her friends jumped out to surprise her .
1	She visited Whole Foods and bought a cleanse in a box .	Jane decided to do a cleanse .	The first 2 days Jane felt better than she had in years .	By day 4 she felt like she had the worst flu ever .	On day 4 she quit her cleanse 3 days early .
1	Her mom told her if she gets all good grades , she could get one .	Maddie really wanted a puppy .	She worked really hard for three months on her school work .	When report cards came out , she had earned all a 's and b 's !	Maddie 's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward .
4	Luckily , when Melissa pointed this out , her friend apologized .	Melissa 's friend was coming for a visit .	Melissa was so excited as she picked her friend up .	Soon , she realized that her friend had changed a lot .	She seemed louder and more abrasive .
4	Her teacher was happy to see her and they chatted for awhile .	Sylvia was invited to go to church with her friend .	They were sitting in the primary class .	Suddenly , she realized that the pianist was her school teacher .	She ran up to her after class to say hi .
3	Then one day Sam discovered why his cat had grown larger .	Sam was very worried .	For the past weeks , his cat had been growing bloated .	He feared she was ill and might soon die .	She had been pregnant , and now had eight kittens !
4	I realized I should be more careful when cleaning the chimney .	I decided to clean my chimney .	I opened the vent .	I forgot to move my face away from the fireplace .	Soot coming rushing down and covered my face !
4	Then he took off into the skies with his reindeer .	Rodolfo was a reindeer herder .	His nephew Ren asked if the reindeer could fly .	Rodolfo said they could .	He got his plane , and loaded the reindeer into it .
2	He was so much work .	Lana loved dogs .	Her family decided to get a puppy .	She did n't know it would be that hard .	She decided to get rid of the puppy .
3	She was both happy and scared at the same time .	Kelly was only four years old .	She took a bite of an apple one day .	When she took a bite she noticed that her tooth was in it .	She went and told her parents .
3	After dusting , most of the people have left the building .	My work as a janitor keeps me busy throughout the day .	I start by pulling trash from all cubicles .	Then I start dusting .	Lastly , I clean floors with a vacuum cleaner .
4	She was sad when they gave her a doll instead .	May 's brother Dan had a new truck .	May asked her mother for a truck .	Her mother told her girls play with dolls .	She asked her dad next .
1	He had $ 30 in his piggy bank , but need $ 10 more .	Matthew was saving money to buy a new video game .	His mom told him about a market research study that paid cash .	Matthew was asked to taste and evaluate toaster pastries .	He received $ 50 for participating , more than enough to buy the game .
3	The day of the robbery I got sick and away from the currency exchange .	My friends wanted me to help them rob a currency exchange .	Broke with no money I told them yes I would help them do it .	I listened to their plans and immediately got nervous .	I changed my mind because I could not rob anything or anyone .
0	Jill got a lot of homework from school for the holiday weekend .	She did all her homework in one day .	This way , she could have the whole weekend free and without stress .	During the weekend , Jill had fun and did not think about school .	Jill felt glad that she got all her homework done on time .
4	It finally came back online and he was able to start work .	Alvin woke up and fired up his computer to begin Turking .	He discovered that the MTurk site had crashed overnight .	He checked all the user forums for information .	He kept checking the site every two or three minutes .
2	Rashid closes his eyes every time he walks past the window .	Rashid is terrified of heights .	He currently lives on the 13th floor .	Rashid tries to overcome his fears .	He joins a group with others that suffer from Acrophobia .
3	We bought all the supplies and threw a party for her .	My friend is Jewish .	She celebrates a holiday called Hanukkah .	We decided to help her celebrate .	She was so happy .
4	Finally , he found some fresh grapes to eat .	Tim needed a fruit to eat .	He wanted a fruit that tasted good .	He looked in the kitchen for the fruit .	He almost gave up .
2	One of Brett 's friends recommended a book for him .	Brett was a college student .	Brett socialized with kind and smart people .	The book was the Autobiography of Malcolm X .	Brett read the book and it changed his life forever .
3	They 're cleaning it up , when their friends from nearby approach .	The Renose family loved to go on vacation every year .	One year they bought a vacation house on the beach .	The family came to see their house vandalized one year .	It turns out they were the ones and everyone laughs about it .
3	Jane will probably look for Alexis the rest of her life .	Jane lost her daughter , Alexis , five years ago .	Jane has been looking for her ever since .	The authorities have refused to help her .	But , little does she know that Alexis is a figment of her imagination .
1	Ted had tickets and attended with a bunch of his friends .	Ted 's favorite sports team was playing their homecoming game .	At the end of the first half , Ted 's team was losing by 10 points .	During the second half , Ted helped to rally the fans by doing cheers .	Ted 's team played well to close the game and won by 1 point .
0	Gerald and Henry were playing a videogame against each other .	Gerald started to get tense since he was losing .	Henry did a celebrating dance when he ended up winning .	Gerald ended up throwing his controller at him .	Henry fell on the floor and received a black eye .
2	Lisa was so excited that she could spend the day at home .	When Lisa woke up in the morning she saw that it was snowing outside .	Her mom told her that school was cancelled for today .	She got dressed quickly , so she could play outside in the snow .	Snow days are Lisa 's favorite days .
1	The tow truck drive , Jim , got there and looked for the car .	A tow truck was called to a lake .	He was approached by another man , Ed .	Ed told him that the car was in the bottom of the lake .	Jim told him that he could not help him .
4	He stared at the boards imagining putting them together in his head .	Mike , the master craftsmen , began work on his chair .	He chose the perfect wood .	Measured everything and cut it exactly .	Finally his work was done for the day .
4	Phyllis 's Shift key got stuck , and she lost by a landslide .	Phyllis was the fastest typist in her office .	One day , Georgina got a job in the office .	She claimed she was faster than Phyllis .	They challenged each other to a type off .
0	Tim wanted to play the flute .	He was terrible at it .	He thought he would never be able to play it .	He practiced hard .	Soon he was the best flute player in his school .
0	Amy had a new job at Bath and Body Works .	She was excited so she arrived early .	Amy was on her feet walking around the whole day .	Amy was n't expecting to work a full 8 hour shift .	At the end of the day Amy 's feet were swollen and hurting .
0	When I was pregnant with my daughter I had an ultrasound .	My husband had never accompanied me before .	This time he decided he wanted to go with me .	They showed us the baby , which was just a little blip .	He was very disappointed , thinking he would see a full-sized baby .
1	She started researching crystal energy products on youtube .	Rey was looking for ways to cheer herself up .	She quickly learned that they were pseudoscience and could not help .	Still she thought that her birthstone was a lovely color .	She ordered a birthstone necklace online and pursued cheer elsewhere .
3	He loved to dissect .	Clint loved his biology class .	He never missed it .	His favorite part was lab .	His teacher let him help with setup and he became the TA .
1	She was in the store , eyeing the latest mobile phone .	Jane was an impulsive shopper .	She compared the new mobile to her own .	Without much hesitation , she pulled out her credit card .	Jane left the store with the new mobile phone .
3	He had a plan .	Tim had asparagus on his plate .	He hated the taste .	He could n't leave the table until he was done .	He fed it to his dog so it looked like he ate it .
4	Rob had to book another flight , which cost him an arm and a leg .	Rob wanted to take a vacation to Canada .	To travel to Canada , Rob needed a passport .	Rob paid the passport agency a lot of money to have it delivered fast .	However , the passport agency shipped Rob 's passport way too late .
2	But the cat was quiet and passive .	Ryan never liked cats .	So when his sister bought a cat , he became annoyed .	And it was n't loud like his neighbor 's dogs .	Ryan learned to like cats .
2	They each got a different one .	Jake and Fred were getting snow cones .	There were so many flavors to chose from .	Halfway through they swapped .	It was a perfect solution to not being able to make up their minds .
3	When he arrived , he walked carelessly to class .	Ben had to cram information for an exam tomorrow .	He spent all night studying since he did n't start yet .	Around 5 am , he started to get dressed for school .	He kept falling asleep during the test since he did n't sleep well .
2	She always kept the books people left behind .	Jess had a job as a aircraft cleaner .	Often passengers left books on the plane .	She had more books than anyone .	Her boss told her to stop keeping books !
4	Linda loved her new pets and bought two more .	Linda visited a local pet store to buy dog food .	While browsing , she looked at the guinea pigs .	She immediately fell in love with the creatures .	Linda decided to purchase two guinea pigs .
0	Brad wanted to win the lottery .	He bought a hundred tickets !	He was sure he had a good chance of winning .	Alas , he did not win any money at all .	Brad wished he had not wasted so much money on tickets .
0	The next day was the collection day for recycling .	Jim wandered through his house to find empty cans and bottles .	He put them into a bucket and dragged them to the curb .	The next day a city worker came and took away the trash .	Jim brought his empty bucket back into his house for next week .
0	Ronald 's daily routine was to read the newspaper .	He honestly looked forward to sitting in his chair with his coffee .	One day , the paper was n't delivered and Ronald was very upset .	Then , Ronald realized he could just read the news online on his phone .	Ronald decided to cancel his newspaper subscription .
2	George spent all Sunday baking them .	George wanted to give something to his coworkers for Christmas .	He decided to bake Christmas cookies .	That Monday he brought them in , and his coworkers hated them .	He found out that he had used salt instead of sugar to make them .
3	He did not sleep that night .	Roy was drowning in homework that he had procrastinated .	He had physics , calculus , and chemistry to work on .	He spent all night working on all of that homework .	Roy was almost a zombie the next day .
4	Gina was almost within reach of the door .	Gina was trying to catch up with her crush Jamie .	He was far ahead and there were lot 's of people between them .	She was walking fast and trying to get through the crowd .	Finally she was right behind him .
1	Everyone was mad , but we had to go outside .	It was raining outside but Moby said we still had to work .	Moby was in such a great mood it rubbed off on everyone else .	We finished the patio , and mulch in one day !	After work , Moby was surprised how influential positivity was .
4	When he took the test the next day , he flunked again	Turner flunked his math test .	He begged the teacher to let him retake it .	The teacher said he could retake it the next day .	Turner went home and played video games instead of studying .
1	The two worked hard but it was hot and there were no fish .	Mark and Jim went out fishing so they could have something for dinner .	Jim suggested trying a new spot in the shade .	The new spot worked and they brought in half a dozen fish .	That night they had a delicious meal they were proud of .
2	Jack cancelled his cable service and subscribed to Netflix .	Jack was paying $ 100 for cable in his home .	He was tired of spending so much for just entertainment .	He loved the selection of shows , movies and the low monthly cost .	Jack vowed to never get cable again .
1	But the girl was well dressed and looked very cool .	Heather wanted to befriend the new girl in class .	Heather feared the girl would be too cool to befriend her .	But to her surprise , she was very polite when Heather introduced her .	Soon the two girls had become great friends !
2	One day , he dropped it down the stairs .	Scott loved his trumpet .	He played it for hours every day .	It was badly damaged .	Scott 's dad bought him a new one for his birthday .
3	She looked in the mirror when she was ready .	Casey was dying her hair .	She followed all of the steps very carefully .	Finally , it was time to wash out the dye and see her new color .	Somehow she had messed up and her hair came out completely red .
0	Alex 's family had moved to a new neighborhood .	He struggled under the weight of the box he was carrying .	His new neighbors gathered at the fence and started laughing .	Alex began to cry , which made them laugh even harder .	He knew he was just going to hate it here .
3	The porters were used to climbing the mountain , and helped Ned climb .	Ned went on vacation in Peru .	While there , he made plans to hike a mountain , to Machu Picchu .	The mountain was incredibly steep , and Ned had trouble with the climb .	Ned managed to make it to the top with the porter 's assistance .
4	Ginny became a cat lady .	Ginny loved cats .	She decided to purchase five .	They became her best friends .	She started staying at home all the time .
3	However , the source of the cough was quickly found .	Loni was very worried about her cat .	It kept coughing and making strange noises .	She was going to take it to the vet .	The cat coughed up a gross hairball .
4	He threw himself off a bridge and died when he hit the water .	Dan realized he never should have let her go .	He called her to tell her he was wrong .	She would n't take any of Dan 's calls .	Dan 's broken heart knew no solace .
1	He decided to take a shower when he got home .	Ken had a long day at work .	It made Me feel relaxed .	All of a sudden he started feeling cold water .	He had lost track of time because of how much he enjoyed it .
4	Ara gave a beautiful , confident performance !	Ara was given a solo in the school concert .	She was so nervous !	She practiced all week .	But at the show , her nerves left her .
1	However he was particular about his song selection .	Duke loved music .	He often would only love a few songs per album .	Duke hated buying a whole cd for only two songs .	He began buying individual songs on iTunes and loved it .
1	He needed to pack his lunch for work .	Mark loved turkey .	He decided he would buy a giant sub .	He ordered a giant sub from the store .	When he got there , the sub was six feet long !
4	Jason 's coach said he was cocky after all .	Jason was the best athlete on the team and thought he was n't cocky .	He encouraged his teammates to be as good as him .	Jason was chosen to lead the team .	Three of his teammates were injured under his leadership .
3	Mike decided to clean his car in hopes of finding his wallet .	Mike kept a very messy car .	One day he could n't find his wallet anywhere .	He was missing his wallet for two days .	He was relieved and embarrassed when he found it under all his mess .
2	Since Z was in front A was in back .	Alex was usually in the front of the line in class .	One day the teacher reversed the order .	Alex was shocked to be the last one in line .	He finally understood how the other kids felt .
3	She saw the kids running on the roof .	Melissa lived in a really bad apartment complex .	There were a lot of kids always running around .	One day she heard steps running on the roof .	She called the landlord so they could deal with it .
2	As a result , I had the opportunity to see various animals .	I took a visit to the zoo today .	The tour guide showed most of the place to me .	Unfortunately , a bear broke through its cage and ran away .	The animal patrol ran several blocks to capture it .
2	A year later I forgot about the plan entirely .	I bought a new house and wrote down a plan to improve it .	I got so busy with work that the plan was neglected .	A year after that I found the plan and reflected on it .	I found a new resolve to finish the plan as best I could .
3	And he quit playing .	Tom was playing tennis with his friend , Mike .	Tom became angry when he started to lose .	He blamed Mike for his own mistakes .	Later , Tom realized he only had himself to blame .
2	Unfortunately the owner of the skating rink died .	June was excited about her birthday party .	She was going to have it at a skating rink .	June 's party had to be moved .	June was not happy .
4	The gas money and the car payments made Jeff scale back on driving it .	Jeff just bought a brand new truck .	It 's the first vehicle he has ever owned .	He drove it everywhere and loved to show it off .	Jeff soon realized how much money he was spending on gas .
1	They walked up all the long flights of stairs .	Kelly and her mother took a trip to the lighthouse .	When they reached the top it was amazing .	They could n't believe the view .	Jelly did n't want to get down .
3	It involved some wiggling of the gear .	Colleen was just buying a used car .	The owner warned her that the car was tricky .	He showed her how to start the car .	Colleen made sure she knew how to do it before leaving .
2	Sandy asked the secretary who delivered the flowers .	Sandy arrived to work to meet a bouquet of red roses on her desk .	Sandy was intrigued to find out who the flowers were from .	The secretary informed Sandy that they were from a secret admirer .	Sandy decided to enjoy the flowers and the nice gesture it represents .
2	One day her daughter Amy came home from a friends house .	Jane decided to cook healthier for her family .	They were no longer allowed to eat junk food .	Jane noticed Amy had chip crumbs on her chin .	Jane laughed and decided to giver her a pass this time .
0	Jenna had been reading up on hair styling .	One tip she read was to use coconut oil .	She put a healthy amount in her hair and then showered .	When she got out , she saw that her hair was very greasy .	She realized that she had put way too much oil in .
4	Lebron has a new coach .	Lebron got a new coach last season .	The coach got the team to the championship .	Lebron and his coach lost the championship game .	The next season Lebron told the owner of the team to fire the coach
3	Tim tried to break the fall by putting his legs on the floor .	Tim was riding his motorcycle to school .	The tire of the bike landed on a crack in the road .	The entire tire fell out of position .	He fell on the ground gently .
2	I sat in the chair and was trembling .	I had to get shots yesterday at the doctor .	I always had a fear of needles .	When the nurse injected the needle I could n't look .	Thankfully though it was over before I knew it .
2	When she opened the door to leave , she could n't believe her eyes .	Haddie got up and got ready for work .	She put on a pair of lightweight pants and a thin blouse .	It had snowed overnight and her car was buried up to the door handle .	She called in to work , took the day off and built a snowman instead !
0	Alex is a selfish man .	He is mean to everyone he knows .	One day , he meets a girl that is always sweet to him .	Alex decides to be nice back to the girl .	Now , Alex is dating the girl and is very generous and sweet .
1	But she could n't afford them .	Sue really wanted a new boots .	So her friend brought her to a thrift store .	Sue could n't believe how cheap everything was .	Now Sue shops at the thrift stores all the time .
0	Jacob was texting on his phone while walking on the sidewalk .	Jacob tripped over a tiny rock on the concrete .	He fell and lost control of the phone in his hand .	His phone flew up into the air .	Jacob 's phone landed on the ground and broke .
0	Tyler wanted to see a movie with his friends .	But none of them could agree on which film to see .	At the theater , they were still arguing !	So they decided that each guy would see a separate film .	They each ended up seeing the movie they wanted to see , alone !
3	The weather toned down around three in the morning .	The strong winds were damaging houses around the neighborhoods .	My family remained in the house for several hours .	We did n't do much since the power was out from the hurricane .	A few hours later , the family got together for lunch .
1	So he read about conspiracy theories online .	James did n't trust his government .	James became more and more absorbed in his reading .	And he had trouble sleeping .	James became more and more afraid of his government .
3	He stayed in bed and skipped work .	Dave was addicted to coffee .	And he drank 3 cups one morning .	But soon after , she felt incredibly anxious and stressed .	Dave switched to decaf coffee .
0	It was the early 90 's , Tupac was popular but not yet Hip-hop deity .	We saw him at the Criss Cross album release party having fun .	While hanging out with The Lynch Mob he flirted with girls .	One girl walked past Tupac and did n't look back when Tupac flirted .	So Tupac hit her in the back of the head with an ashtray .
4	She decided to relax and just get through it .	Gina was on the highway in heavy traffic .	The cars were driving less than 20 miles per hour .	Gina was in no real hurry .	But she did n't like sitting in the traffic either .
4	Eventually they stopped being friends .	Kelly 's friend was a famous fashion designer .	Kelly was upset that she was n't invited to one of the shows .	She decided to give her friend an ultimatum .	The two ended up fighting .
1	When the girls got there everything was fine .	Lisa invited Tina and the girls over for a clambake .	Yet all the sudden Rosie started raising her voice .	Lisa got very mad .	Lisa was so mad she asked Rosie to leave .
1	In the air , I saw a bright flash accompanied with a loud noise .	I took a yearly trip with my family to Disneyland on an airplane .	The pilot informed us we had to divert to Denver .	When we landed we found out the plane had been struck by lightning .	We changed planes and flew to California without any further trouble .
1	The pedestrians who were crossing were in no hurry .	There was a pedestrian crossing that was very busy .	They took their time crossing the street .	One man was impatient .	He cut off the stream of pedestrians and took off .
1	He wanted a soda .	George was walking through a store .	He did n't have any money though .	He decided to steal the soda .	Someone saw him and yelled , but he ran away quickly .
1	He always asked his mother to leave a nightlight on at night .	Quentin was afraid of sleeping in the complete dark .	One year he decided he must face his fear of darkness .	Quentin slept through an entire night with no nightlight .	When the morning came he knew he had conquered his fear .
0	Lucy had a friend named Lisa next door to her grandparents .	Lisa and Lucy wanted to play jump rope .	They each grabbed one end of the rope .	Lucy realized they only had 2 people , but they needed 3 .	They decided to jump together side by side with one rope .
3	He was very grateful for all of it .	My roommate 's birthday was recently .	His wife cooked his favorite meal and a nice cake .	I gave him a present I had made myself .	It was a great birthday .
0	Amy had a terrible headache at work .	She asked a co-worker for aspirin .	The co-worker had none but suggested she visit the drug store .	Amy had no idea there was drug store in her job .	Her co-worker happily showed her the way .
3	On his vacation , he went and tutored children from local schools .	James was lucky enough to graduate from a great college in a big city .	At his first job , he realized the true importance of education .	His job gave him two weeks vacation a year , so he used it all at once .	James felt a great sense of honor from his work .
3	When the birthday boy came for his balloon , Barry had none left !	Barry was a clown at a child 's birthday party .	He brought balloons to blow up for the kids .	He must have blown hundreds of them !	Barry made it up to him by performing some personal magic tricks !
1	A man took out a big bet against the Jets .	A non-professional football team challenged the Jets to a game .	He watched the game very intently .	The man was nervous because the game was very close .	When the Jets lost he became very rich .
2	He is too scared to approach her .	Larry is recently divorced .	He has seen a woman he finds very attractive working at the mall .	He pretends to browse in her area that she is working .	He ends up buying some anti-wrinkle cream .
1	Jenny was at the site with them one day .	Jenny 's parents were building a house .	She was walking when she felt a sharp pain .	She realized that she had stepped on a nail .	She had to go to the hospital and get stitches .
0	My dad bought my first computer when I was 9 years old .	I loved the internet very much .	I spent hours on my computer every day my whole life .	My father always worried about me because he thought I was addicted .	Now I am a computer programmer and I make a lot of money .
1	We went to visit her family .	My girlfriend and I went to the outer banks for Thanksgiving .	It was a long drive .	There was lots of traffic on the way .	We still made it in time to celebrate with everyone .
4	We purchased the crested gecko to pick up on Christmas Eve !	A few weeks before Christmas I went to the local reptile shop .	I was looking for a present for my daughter for Christmas .	The owner asked some questions to get an idea of what we wanted .	He eventually recommended a crested gecko .
1	He 'd accidentally hit it with his plow .	Larry had broke my gate when he plowed my driveway .	My gate dangled loosely on its bolts .	I tightened them up as best as I could .	Now I ca n't close the gate at the end of my driveway at all .
2	The man at the counter told them all of the tickets were sold out .	Terry and his friend went to the movie theater .	They were planning to see a popular new release .	Dismayed , Terry and his friend settled on a different movie .	The movie was n't their first choice , but it turned out to be good !
4	The day she finished the book , she was devastated .	Yelena loved to read books .	She did n't care what genre , as long as it was interesting .	One day , she picked up a fantasy book .	She was so entangled in the story she thought she was living it .
0	Every morning I wake up to the bird 's crow .	He sits outside my window to say hello .	I watch him fly into the sky .	He always gets so very high .	I know it 's morning when I hear the bird 's crow .
1	He worked full time while his friends were out enjoying the summer .	Brian worked hard all summer during his break .	At summer 's end , Brian had saved up enough money for a trip to Mexico .	He went on a week long trip to Baja California Sur .	When he came home from the trip , he felt enriched from the experience .
2	She saw that the tent looked odd and went to fix it .	Katie had gotten her son a tent for his birthday .	One day , she was cleaning his room .	That 's when she realized that it was broken .	She scolded her son and took the tent away .
1	He was very anxious , so he thought about skipping .	Mike was graduating high school later in the day .	He put on his clothes and then drove to the event .	When he got there , Mike decided to drive back home because his nerves .	When he got back home , Mike regretted skipping graduation .
1	They started meeting up at the beach after that .	Betty went to the beach and made friends with a surfer .	The surfer asked her if she wanted to learn how to surf too .	Betty said yes and began to try and learn .	Eventually she learned and they both surf together now .
2	When he got to the office his assistant handed him coffee .	Bill woke up early to go to work .	He put on his clothes and drove to the office .	Later that evening Bill went home .	Bill was happy to relax after a long day at work .
0	Bob wanted to become a sculptor .	He decided to learn to sculpt at university .	He practiced sculpture with diligence and patience .	Eventually , he graduated with a degree in sculpture .	After many years , he became the best sculptor in the country .
4	Thankfully it did n't break .	Tina started her first violin lesson .	She was having a good time .	Unfortunately she dropped her violin .	It hit the floor and scratched .
1	He eats it all the time .	Devon loves candy .	He went to the dentist .	He had lots of cavities .	His mom said no more candy !
0	Tom wanted to go shopping for groceries .	He made a list .	He drove to the store .	He purchased the items on the list .	He returned home with the groceries .
3	Frank entered the room looking happier than ever .	The vase that Frank dared anybody to touch sat on the table .	The perfect color of the lilacs vibrant purple so pretty stood there .	Lilacs are Frank 's favorite flower .	A brand new bunch of lilacs higher and fuller than the others .
2	She took her entrance exam .	Jane wanted to be a nurse .	She enrolled in all the prerequisites at school .	Jane sent in her application to nursing school .	Jane was accepted and extremely excited .
1	He was afraid to tell his wife .	Randy got fired from his job .	He drove around for five days pretending to be at work .	His wife went to his work to surprise him for lunch .	She found out he was fired and was furious that he did n't tell her .
4	Mike receives a B minus on the final .	Mike has an English final the next morning .	During the college semester , Mike never attended the English class .	Mike stays up all night studying for the final .	The next morning , Mike takes the test on no sleep .
0	Curtis was in the market for a new car .	When he went to the dealership , he was offered a test drive .	His finances were limited , but Curtis took a sports car for a drive .	The car was a beauty , and also drove very well .	Though he could n't really afford it , Curtis was sorely tempted .
1	Her best friend smoked as well .	Nancy was a cigarette smoker .	As they got older , Nancy 's friend got cancer .	Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call .	Nancy quit smoking after her friend died .
1	It was so exciting to see all the raw wilderness and neat animals .	My family and I went on a camping trip for the first time .	We seen a raccoon and the park ranger allowed us to feed him .	The huge raccoon ate out of our hands which tickled as he did so .	It was such a neat experience that we all enjoyed so much !
2	She did n't think it was very good and almost withdrew .	Lana noticed a posting for a Creative Writing Contest at her school .	She entered it and worked hard on a story .	However , she decided she had nothing to lose , and submitted it .	She won second place and was encouraged to do more writing .
1	Her friend Rita lived there so Tina decided to invite herself .	Tina really wanted to go to New York City .	Rita was a little put off but was okay with it .	Then to her surprise Tina told her that she booked a ticket .	Tina never consulted Rita in advance and Tina was angry .
4	When the race came , Amanda lost to a girl who had trained her hardest .	Amanda was the best runner in her school .	She won all the races without trying that hard .	There was a big race coming up .	Amada was sure she would win , so she did n't bother training .
2	She and her mother went to the store and bought fabric .	There was a little girl named Sophie .	She wanted to be a dragon for Halloween .	Sophie 's mother used the fabric to make a dragon costume .	Sophie had a great time trick-or-treating in her dragon costume .
1	He was thinking about boycotting them .	My uncle was insulted by a rapper 's music video .	He posted about it on Facebook .	I replied that he never bought their products to begin with .	He deleted my comment .
3	Finally Florence met a man , married him and had kids .	Florence has always dreamed of being a mother .	For Years she saw her friends getting married and having kids .	She worried that it would never happen for her .	She felt very relieved to be having baby .
1	They tended to them all spring and summer .	The Chef 's planted lots of crops on their farm .	Finally it was time for the harvest .	They had a beautiful crop .	It was very fruitful .
3	Bobby eagerly said he could drink from a soda can easily !	Bobby was riding in the car with his parents .	He told them he was very thirsty .	They had forgotten his sippy cup , but the asked if he could use a can .	But when they handed it to him , Bobby spilled it everywhere !
2	He bought seeds of many different kinds .	Joe always planted a garden .	Today was planting day .	After a few weeks , he began to see growth .	Joe then shared his crops with his neighbors .
0	My friend was mad because his girlfriend broke up with him .	I tried to talk to him .	However , he did n't bother to listen .	Instead , he yelled at me .	I immediately walked away .
3	Dan 's friend tells him that the guy is a pro boxer .	Some guy is giving one of the girls a hard time at the bar .	So Dan stands up to him .	The guy challenges Dan to a fight outside and he accepts .	When the guy leaves out the front Dan runs out the back .
2	Jane sat in the dentist chair .	Jane was late for her dentist appointment .	She grabbed a cookie to eat on the way .	The dentist started picking something out of her teeth .	He told Jane he was a fan of Fig Newtons too .
0	Horace has wanted to learn how to make rice for months .	He asks his friend Amy to come over to show him how .	Amy teaches Horace each step to making delicious rice .	Finally Horace knows how to make it for himself .	He is happy that he learned how to make rice .
1	She would plan all of December for this big party .	New Years Eve was the one holiday Julie loved more than anything .	She would get the best decorations and food money could buy .	She loved to spoil her guests with the best possible party .	Every guest truly and a great time and could n't wait until next year .
0	Andrea was the best in her class at blowing bubbles .	She could blow a bubble as big as her head .	One day she blew one bigger then ever .	Her former friend came by and popped it with his finger .	Andrea spent 4 hours picking gum out of her hair .
0	Nancy wanted to become a Nun .	Nancy conducted extensive research on several aspects of being a Nun .	In addition , Nancy visited a local church to speak with Nuns .	After the visit , Nancy spoke with her mother about becoming a Nun .	After some time , Nancy decided not to become a Nun .
3	Her anxiety melted away and she became excited about the date .	Laura wondered how he would feel if she asked him out .	She never did but the wonder drove her insane .	One day it did n't matter because he asked her out .	They went out and had a wonderful time .
2	After that , she arranged all of the books on the shelves .	Cheyenne needed to organize the closet .	She started by cleaning out all of the trash .	When that was done , she put all of the junk items in a box .	Then , the closet was clean .
2	He wanted to look his best .	Tommy wore his best jeans to school .	It was picture day .	His pants got a tear in them .	He cut off the bottoms to make his pants into shorts .
3	Amy exchanged phone numbers with her new friend .	Amy had one friend in her lunch period .	They sat together everyday .	The girls found the had a lot in common .	The girls promised to be friends outside of school as well .
4	On Halloween , she was the prettiest unicorn in town !	Kelly wanted to be a unicorn for Halloween .	Her mom bought a horse costume , but it had no horn .	Then her mom created a horn herself and glued it on .	Kelly loved the homemade unicorn costume .
0	Matt really likes cheese .	He always looks at all the cheeses when he visits the grocery store .	Unfortunately , he did n't have any money to buy any cheese .	One day he decided to try and steal some cheese .	He was caught and arrested .
1	She grew all of her potatoes in her own garden .	Pam loved to make hash browns out of her potatoes .	One day , there was a terrible tornado !	It ruined her garden and killed all of her potatoes !	Pam was sad at the loss of her garden .
0	Rita wanted to play sports .	However , Rita was not very fast or strong .	Rita researched sports on the Internet for something that suited her .	Rita spend some time reading about the rules of golf .	Rita started playing and became very good at golf .
2	Her friend called and said she was taking Lucy out for a surprise .	Lucy was devastated when her beloved cat died .	She had a hard time getting past the grief .	Lucy brightened as they spent the day working at an animal shelter .	Lucy went home with a new pet , a cat that really needed a home .
2	My dad got a job in the city .	I grew up on a farm in the middle of nowhere .	I ran around barefoot and got dirty often .	We moved to the city to be closer to his job .	I miss being a country girl .
0	Carl is training for a marathon .	One day it was raining hard , and did n't want to ruin his shoes .	Carl finds old dirty sneakers in his closet .	He decided to run in his old shoes instead .	Carl was happy his expensive running shoes stayed dry .
4	That was how jack spent his day .	Jack got up in the morning .	He rode his bike to school .	He took his test .	He did his best and got an A .
1	He got out of bed to turn the alarm off .	Joey heard his alarm go off .	It was cold , so he put on his robe .	He went upstairs to take a shower .	After his shower , he made his bed .
4	Andrew was not scared anymore .	Andrew 's family had just moved to town .	On his first day of school he was scared that no one would like him .	At recess Andrew sat on the bench and did not play .	A group of boys called Andrew over to play with them .
1	He was sticking it out the window of his friend 's car .	Jim was using a selfie stick .	They were driving around a bit .	A strong gust of wind blew the phone off .	Jim eventually found it but it was destroyed .
2	Rachel decided to babysit on the weekends on top of her job .	Rachel needed a new computer .	She found that the type of computer she needed was really pricey .	After a month , Rachel had made a lot of money babysitting .	She was finally able to buy the computer she needed .
4	As she did , the other goat butted her , knocking Due to the ground .	Sue talked her husband into getting goats .	He built a pen to hold the goats .	He brought home a couple goats from a nearby farmer .	Sue bent to greet one of the goats .
0	Cindy lives in a house with 7 people .	It is always so loud no matter which room she hides in .	She begged for silence .	Everyone ignored her .	She finally ran away for the weekend .
0	Ric loved his dogs , and took them everywhere he went .	Many saw his Rottweiler and Pitbull as vicious creatures .	Ric assured them all his dogs were perfectly safe .	When they attacked the child , he was the only one surprised .	He often gently dusts their ash canisters in somber reflection .
3	I was so disappointed , I went home and practiced for weeks .	When I was in 4th grade I went to cheerleader tryouts .	I was so nervous , I was the last person called up to audition .	Sadly , I did n't make the team due to not being able to do cartwheels .	I went to 2nd tryouts and nailed it , securing a spot on the team .
0	Charlotte wanted to stay with her Aunt Rachel so bad .	She finally was able to convince her mom to let her stay .	She packed up all of her belongings that she needed , even her bear .	She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do .	She had such a great time and ca n't wait to do it again !
4	The next day , I went to the real rock wall and climbed it very well .	My friends were taking me rock climbing .	I told them that I did n't know how to rock climb .	They took me to a practice wall in an arcade .	I practiced for a whole day .
4	His porch is ice free this year .	Bill always slipped on his front porch during the winter .	A thick layer of ice always formed .	This year he decided to end that debacle .	He bought salt to spread on his porch .
0	Jimmy went to a bar by the beach .	The bouncer would n't let him in .	Jimmy and the bouncer got into an argument .	The bouncer asked management to call the police .	Jimmy sat alone on the beach .
3	She walked into class and sat across the room .	Amy was friends with Erin and Sara .	Erin and Sara had been making fun of Amy in class one day .	Amy decided she no longer wanted to be their friend .	Amy knew she made the right choice as they to giggled and whispered .
0	Bea loved to paint and she hoped to be a famous artist one day .	She entered her paintings into contests and hoped to win .	She knew that could be her big break .	But time after time , she lost the contests .	Then finally , one of her paintings took first place !
0	I stood on a street corner and waited to cross .	On the other side of the street was my friend , also waiting .	I waved at my friend but he did not notice me .	A cab driver pulled up and thought I needed a ride .	I told him to drive me to the other side of the street .
2	She was bewildered by the photo .	Margo began babysitting her mother 's employer 's son .	She found a disturbing photograph in the house .	Margo questioned her mother 's boss about the picture .	She was reassured her that it belonged to her eldest son .
4	She was so happy when he proposed and the ring was perfect .	Lakyn and her her boyfriend had been discussing engagement .	Lakyn was very worried about him picking a ring she would n't like .	She went through catalogs and made note of the rings she loved .	Her boyfriend took the photos and went to the jewelry store .
2	I decided to take the garbage out that night .	One night I was feeling pretty down .	My boyfriend I had broken up .	As I approached the night sky a bright rainbow shimmered through .	I instantly felt hopeful in-spite of what was happening .
3	On the day of the test , he felt very prepared .	Jon needed an A on his last test .	He studied for two weeks .	He got help from a tutor .	He got a perfect score !
0	Rod proposed to his girlfriend .	He did it properly , on bended knee .	But she was shocked by his proposal .	She said she needed more time to think .	Later , she declined Rod 's proposal .
1	He could n't find his car keys anywhere .	Ed was running late for work as usual .	He called a friend to pick him up .	He got the lunch he had packed out of the fridge .	His car keys were on the refrigerator shelf .
3	Tim was too lazy to return the dishwasher .	Tim bought a dishwasher for his new house .	He pulled the dishwasher out of the box .	He then realized it was much too big for the kitchen cupboards .	He put a piece of wood on top of it , and used it as counter space .
3	Mary helped Sally recover but Sally never rode her bike again .	Mary rode her bike every day .	Sometimes Mary rode with her sister Sally .	One day Sally fell off the bike and broke her wrist .	Mary misses riding with Sally but will never give up riding her bike .
4	Annie cooks Indian food for dinner .	Annie likes to cook .	Annie likes ethnic food .	Annie looks up a recipe .	Annie finds an Indian recipe .
2	The bus broke down on the way there .	I had my big basketball game on Friday against our rival school .	I was very nervous for it and I wanted to win .	Luckily we were able to get it fixed in time for the game .	We beat our rivals and won the game .
0	Rob went to the beach for a day of fun .	After an hour of swimming , something terrible happened .	Rob was being swept out to sea by a rip current .	A man with a surfboard reach him and pulled him on .	Together they returned safely to the shore .
4	By the end of the day Erik learned how to ride his bike	Erick was in 2nd grade	His parents just bought him a brand new bike with training wheels	One day his dad decided to teach him to ride without training wheels	They spent all day practicing
0	Hillary and her friends drove to the woods to go camping .	After arriving to the campsite , they set up camp .	It took them so long that night arrived quickly and it became dark .	When it got dark , Hillary and her friends saw a bigfoot in the trees .	They became so terrified that they abandoned camp and drove home .
3	Thankfully , the bugs smelled the spray and left Anna alone .	Anna was hiking in the woods one day .	The mosquitoes began to bother her as dark fell .	She pulled out a bottle of bug spray and applied it liberally .	She did not get any more bites after applying the spray !
4	My guests enjoyed the meatloaf for Thanksgiving dinner !	It was Thanksgiving .	I had guests coming to my house for dinner .	Alas , the turkey in my fridge became moldy .	I decided to bake a meatloaf instead .
0	Tina 's friend was making some guacamole .	Tina had never tasted it before .	She took a taste and loved it .	She could n't believe she never had it before then .	Tina decided to make it herself .
2	The teacher walked up and pushed her on stage .	It was the first night Beth was playing Juliet in school play .	When it was time to go on stage Beth froze .	She instantly began reading her lines .	Beth 's performance earned her a standing ovation .
3	The cars all had supercharged turbo engines , so they were very fast .	One day , a car dealer was running low on inventory .	He decided that he needed to buy 69 cars to fill his lot .	When the cars were delivered , he realized the supplier made a mistake !	He did not report the mistake and sold all 69 cars for extra money .
4	The day lilies became more beautiful than the photographs .	During the winter Cindy enjoyed reading a garden catalog .	She loved the pictures of colorful daylilies .	Cindy ordered red , pink and yellow lilies .	She planted them in the spring
2	Suddenly , my roommate told me to look outside .	Recently , it was very cold outside .	Then , it began to rain .	It was snowing !	It was beautiful .
2	Rick accidentally stepped on the kitten 's tail .	Rick was playing in his yard when a kitten walked over .	Rick and the kitten played in the yard .	The kitten screamed and scratched Rick before running away .	Rick stopped crying when daddy gave him a Minion band-aid .
2	One day , the jug could hold no more pennies .	Mary saved her pennies in a big glass jug .	She planned to cash in the pennies when the jug was full .	Mary was excited to spend her savings .	As she went to lift the jug , she realized it was far too heavy .
2	He told me that I had to go to the principal 's office .	The teacher was going over yesterday 's homework .	He got a phone call from the guidance counselor .	I decided to pack my belongings and head over there .	The guidance counselor told me that I had detention for littering .
0	The couple went to a hotel .	They checked in .	When they go to their room they found a mess .	The hotel did n't clean the room from the recent visitors .	The coupled returned back to the front desk for an accommodation .
3	Ray went out and bought the Fitbit .	Ray was looking for a birthday present for his mom .	He knew she had a new interest in fitness and exercise .	He asked a fitness instructor and the instructor recommended Fitbit .	Ray 's mom was really surprised and happy with the Fitbit Ray bought .
0	The Smith family went on vacation to Florida .	The children were playing in the ocean and watching the sunset .	Suddenly , a bright light appeared on the horizon .	It grew brighter and higher until it broke into two pieces .	They were excited to learn that the light was a rocket taking off .
1	Tracy wrote Doug sweet love letters .	Tracy wanted Doug 's attention .	Tracy bought Doug nice Presents .	Tracy discovered Doug lied about his feelings .	Tracy is now considered a murderer for killing Doug .
2	Joe stacked the old tires in his front yard .	Joe bought a new set of tires for his car .	He took off all the old tires and put the new ones on .	He made a sign to let others know that they could have the tires free .	One hour later a man came by and took away all of the free tires .
2	I competed in many tournaments .	When I was younger I did karate .	When I first started I was not that good but I got better .	However I would only get fifth place .	It was disappointing .
1	We did lots of grocery and Christmas shopping .	Yesterday was a long day .	When we finally got home I wanted nothing more than a hot shower .	I turned on the water and it was icy cold !	Our water heater had broken and I could n't take a shower .
4	Really my grandmother should have known not to race me like that .	I stopped at the red light and heard a car revving its engine .	The driver to my right was challenging me to a race !	When the light went green we were out of the gate .	It was a close race until the other drive rear-ended a parked car .
1	The cashier asks Simon what he would like to order .	Simon approaches the cashier to order his lunch .	Simon orders a cheeseburger , french fries , and a milkshake .	The worker hands Simon his food .	Simon finds a nice booth and eats his lunch .
1	She discovered that a white piece kept breaking off .	Olivia 's closet door was always breaking .	She was able to stick the white piece on very tightly .	Then , she tried to fix the door .	This time , it stopped breaking .
3	He took lots of photos of the beautiful jungle ruins .	Neil was visiting Cambodia .	He took a tour to the ruins of Angkor Wat .	There , he learned about the old temples .	He was so happy with his visit to Angkor Wat !
2	Thankfully she picked up a bottle of Moroccanoil .	Becky always had unruly curly hair .	It was getting increasingly difficult to manage .	As soon as she put it on her hair , it felt amazing .	She could n't wait to use more of it .
3	Unfortunately , she did n't have all of the ingredients she needed .	Lucy wanted to make something special for dinner .	She logged on to Pinterest and browsed the homepage .	She spied a recipe for quiche that looked delicious .	So instead she decided to just order pizza .
4	However , they both ended up on the ground with a few bumps .	Kathy was talking on the phone when she slipped on a patch of ice .	Her phone flew out of her hand .	It fell in , what seemed like , slow motion .	She tried her very best to catch it .
3	His friend suggested he start frequenting swap meets .	Pete was a big music fan .	He loved spending time at local record stores .	He was upset when many of them started closing their doors .	Pete found lots of good albums at local swap meets .
3	Everyone in town knew him as the iconic Blue Car Guy .	Ever since he was little , Evan wanted a bright blue car .	When he turned 17 , the only car he could afford was yellow .	He saved up more money , he bought blue paint and painted his car .	People waved at him when he drove by .
3	She poured the milk in and took a sip .	Ann woke up and made her coffee .	Then she saw that she was out of cream !	She decided to try it with milk instead .	Ann was surprised that it tasted pretty good .
4	Gina 's mood soured when she realized he would be in her class .	Gina had taken 30 minutes to calm down after a bad morning .	She sat at her desk and began her math assignment .	The door to the classroom opened .	The annoying new boy who sat with her on the bus entered .
4	He told Charles he was hired because the boss liked his shined shoes .	Charles ' father told him it was important to shine his shoes .	Charles did n't see why , but he always kept his shoes shined .	One afternoon , Charles interviewed for a management position .	Charles was hired , but his boss said competition was close .
2	She dusts on Monday .	Beth hates to clean .	She is learning to clean more daily .	She mops on Tuesday .	She vacuums on Wednesday .
1	First they took a train to a distant city .	Ryan and Ben went on a trip to visit their aunt .	Then they went with their aunt to museums and zoos .	They had such a great time exploring the strange city .	They came home laden with stories and souvenirs !
4	He both kept his old friends , and made many new ones .	Matt 's family had decided to move to the Dust Bowl .	He thought it was very scary , having to move so far away .	He wondered if he 'd be able to make new friends , or keep his old ones .	After the move , Matt 's fears turned out to be unwarranted .
0	Nancy was walking to her interview .	She tried not to get any strains on her outfit .	However , she tripped on a crack on the sidewalk .	When she got up , she realized that her shirt had a large stain .	During the interview , she covered it up with her hands .
2	He could never get his substitute students to quiet down .	Edward was a substitute school teacher .	He hated his job .	One day , he bought a whistle so he could use it in class .	Edward got fired after using it on his first day .
0	Brianna had n't taken a bath in three days .	She did n't want to take a bath .	Her parents made her take a bath anyway .	She played in the bath for hours .	She did n't want to get out of the bath .
1	Her friends all knew how to ride bikes .	Emily was afraid to learn to ride a bike .	One day they all helped Emily learn to ride a bike .	She was able to learn with her friend 's help .	Emily can ride her bike with her friends now !
4	The director liked it so much , he agreed to put the play on .	Craig was an actor in a local theater group .	He really wanted to be a play writer , however .	After several years , Craig completed a play he was writing .	He showed it to the theater 's director .
1	There was a keyboard on the side of the road .	Roy was driving home from work one day .	Roy stopped and picked it up .	He brought it home and turned it on .	Every key worked except for one .
2	I tried to muffle it a bit since we were at dinner .	I was at a fancy dinner with some co-workers .	All of a sudden I felt the urge to sneeze .	Instead it made me pass gas .	Everyone was mortified .
3	It was delicious .	Nina was trying to cook chicken soup .	She boiled her chicken and added veggies .	When the soup was done , she tasted it .	Nina decided she was a great cook !
3	At first he was n't sure what it was .	Bobby had n't checked under his bed in quite some time .	It was time to clean his room so he looked under it .	As well as shoes he found something big and fluffy .	Then he realized it was the biggest dust bunny he 'd ever seen .
1	She begged her parents over and over for one .	Kelly really wanted a new cat .	Unfortunately they said no .	Luckily however on her birthday , they gave in .	Kelly was finally able to get a cat .
1	While we were there , the weather was perfect , except one day .	We spent 4 days in Rome not long ago .	While standing by the Trevi Fountain , the sky got dark .	All the sudden , giant hail balls came down .	We ran into the first store we found and watched the hail come down .
3	She realized she needed to do something about it .	Sarah had always had a hard time paying attention in school .	When she went to high school , it became even more noticeable .	Her grades were very low .	She went to a doctor and was diagnosed with ADHD .
1	First , Jack dribbled with his right hand many times .	Jack wanted to get better at dribbling and decided to do a drill .	Then , he did the same with his left hand .	Lastly , he dribbled with both hands at the same time .	When he was done , Jack was much better at dribbling .
4	I went home and fixed my bike and went for a ride .	I was riding my bike to my friends house .	Suddenly , I felt a pop and my bike stopped working .	I took the bike home and checked out the problem .	I went to the store and bought the tube to fix the tire .
0	The school had a ceremony .	The principal stood up .	She walked up to the podium .	She announced a name .	Everyone celebrated the person 's achievement .
3	He eventually found the remote in between the couch cushions .	Charles wanted to watch his favorite show on the television .	When he sat down on the couch , he could n't find the remote .	Charles looked in the usual places the remote goes , but found nothing .	Charles turned on the television and watched the show on time .
2	He went to a phone store .	There was a guy named Carl .	He wanted a new phone but did n't know which one to get .	The clerk helped him decide .	He walked out with a brand new phone .
1	My boyfriend worked in a halloween store , so I asked him about it .	One day , I wanted to buy a skeleton .	He told me to come to the store and see what they had .	At the store , there were loads of skeletons .	I picked a big one out , bought it , and took it home .
1	Since my brother took money from him , I was confused .	My father asked me to borrow money .	I recommended that he should borrow money from my brother .	He got mad and threatened me .	Unfortunately , I had to give him $ 50 dollars .
2	He was an alcoholic and suffered a heart attack that year .	My sister in law lost her husband in 1984 .	They had been married for 11 Year 's and had three kids .	He did not heed his doctor and kept drinking .	He died of a second heart attack a few months after the first .
3	The town she moved to rained 300 days out of the year !	A girl was fascinated by rain , even though she lived in the desert .	She decided she would be happier in a place where it rained often .	After saving up some money , she moved away to the pacific northwest .	The girl knew she made the right decision , she had never been happier .
0	Neil was having a great time touring South Korea .	Then he arrived in the capital city of Seoul .	Neil found it to be very busy .	The traffic was heavy and loud !	Neil really did n't like Seoul at all .
3	Luckily , a nurse there offered to watch the toddler .	Joanne was having a baby .	Her and her husband had to bring their older toddler to the hospital .	They did n't have a babysitter .	Joanne was able to have her new baby in peace .
4	I began to lose hope of beating him in the match .	I experienced difficulty trying to defend my friend .	He moved swiftly and faster than me .	Before I had a chance to make a shot , my friend grabbed the ball .	He was on the other side after a couple of seconds .
4	I will go but I think the Enchanted Village is spooky .	My daughter wants to take her toddler to the Enchanted Village .	This is a puppet show featuring early 20th century figurines .	The show used to be displayed in a store in Boston .	It has since moved to the suburbs .
4	After about an hour , Terry was finally ready to go home and sleep .	I left myself this morning with my new puppy called Terry .	Terry was super excited to go his walk and he barked in delight .	The beautiful sun warmed the both of us as we strolled down the street	Terry strutted like a happy puppy and he was very easy to control .
1	We live in Cambridge , Massachusetts .	Jill and her family live on the fourth floor , as we do .	One day a Bob and his family moved in .	Jill told me Bob looked familiar .	It turned out Bob lived in her dorm at Northwestern , 20 Years ago .
4	We love living in Canada now .	I went on vacation with my family to Canada .	We went camping and fishing for two weeks .	We had a great time .	We decided to move to Canada .
4	He quickly ran home to change into new clothing .	James was walking through the snow .	He slipped on the snowy area that he was walking through .	He fell down a snow covered hill .	When he got up he was covered in snow .
2	Jennifer and Luke walked arm in arm to shake their principal 's hand .	Jennifer and Luke wait back stage to accept their diplomas .	The speaker called their names for everyone to hear .	They both received their diplomas from their smiling teacher .	Jennifer and Luke sat down to watch the rest of their class graduate .
2	A friend recommends he try adopting a son instead .	Cassidy feels sad that he may never have children .	However , he has n't met a woman he wants to have kids with .	He adopts a son and becomes a great father .	Cassidy is very happy that he became a father .
3	The two married , and Ruth kept her secret .	Ruth hated her boyfriend 's dog .	She pretended she was allergic to dogs .	With a sad heart , her boyfriend gave the dog away .	They had a baby boy , who grew up begging for a puppy .
0	Anna was going on a river cruise .	She boarded the ship and they set off .	They sailed up and down the Danube .	Anna took loads of photos .	She had a wonderful time on her cruise .
4	And Gina crept upstairs to her room to read alone .	Gina 's cousin Sherry wanted the kids to play outside in the summer .	But Gina preferred to stay inside .	After breakfast Gina hid in the basement .	Sherry put the kids outside to play .
3	Everyone laughed when he called himself Superman .	Joe wanted a new name .	He wanted a name everyone loved .	He would call himself Superman from then on .	He then decided to stick with Joe .
1	Nate has been washing his hands and getting plenty of rest .	Nate got a really bad cold from his daycare site .	Nate is starting to feel a little better and want to go play .	Nate must rest one more day before he can play outside .	Nate ca n't wait to go play outside at the park again .
1	He wrote stories all the time .	Matt was a freelance writer .	One day he ran out of story ideas .	Then he sat for a while and thought of new ideas .	Now he has a lot of story ideas to write about .
4	Her backyard had the best grass on the block .	Lucille had a large backyard .	She had no grass in her yard but desired to have some .	She went to the home store and bought several bags of grass seed .	Lucille planted the seeds and watered them faithfully .
1	She went to a fabric store .	Emma was making a costume .	Then , she looked through pattern books .	She chose one .	Then she went home and made it .
3	They practiced once a week for years .	Tom and Diane have been married for years .	For their next anniversary they plan to go dancing .	They enroll in salsa classes .	On their anniversary night , they passed away .
1	I have big vats I used to melt the wax .	One of my hobbies is candle-making .	I 've been experimenting with weirdly shaped wicks .	Recently I made a candle you can burn at both ends .	I think I 'm going to sell them online .
1	She was afraid and very nervous about becoming a mom .	Cameron was in labor with her first child .	But her labor went smoothly and quickly .	Soon she was holding her baby and breastfeeding like a pro .	Cameron was proud and pleased with her newfound mom skills !
1	When she came home , she showed the rocks to friends .	While on vacation , Amy gathered rocks on the beach .	Everyone said they looked like ordinary rocks , nothing special .	Amy brought the rocks to a man who polished them .	He handed her a pile of beautiful polished agates .
1	We decided to play an old family game we used to play .	It was Friday Night at mom 's house .	We had so much fun , and it reminded me of old times .	I decided to make this special and start a family game night weekly .	Now that I have children , we still have family game night every Friday .
3	After his race , he was so thirsty and picked a bottle from the ground	Justin was on the track team at his school .	One day , he had an away meet at another school .	Justin forgot his water bottle at home .	He drank some of the water much to the disgust of his friends .
4	Laura enjoys being a record collector and her new record .	Laura is a record collector .	While perusing a record store , she finds a great record .	She purchases the record and heads home .	Upon returning home Laura begins listening to her new find .
1	His coach let him on the team , but reluctantly .	Nguyen loved playing football , but he was n't very good .	But Nguyen decided to practice at home with friends .	During the first game of the season , he scored the winning goal !	His teammates were so happy they cried .
0	Ron and his friends were hanging out late at night .	They went to an abandoned house that seemed very ominous .	Ron and his friends began to look around and found a busted window .	Ron 's friends dared Ron to go inside of the house .	Ron said he did n't want to and his friends made fun of him .
1	She went to the salon to get her hair cut .	Mary 's hair was growing too long .	She decided to go with an expensive cut .	Her hair was cut too short for her liking .	The salon did n't charge her .
0	Tim needed to take the trash out .	But he was too lazy .	He waited until it was late at night .	And when he approached the garbage bin , a shrieking cat jumped out .	The scary event made Tim regret being lazy .
2	While looking at paint swatches , a handsome man approached her .	Miranda wanted to paint her living room .	She went to a home improvement store to find paint .	They hit it off and exchanged numbers .	Their first date was painting Miranda 's living room .
2	At the park , she saw a man get robbed .	Angela was trying to write a novel .	She had writer 's block , so she decided to go write at the park .	The robbery gave her an idea for her book , so she wrote it down .	Angela was able to finish the chapter that day .
0	Ann was feeling blue .	Her husband decided to cheer her up .	He took her for dinner .	Then they went to a comedy club .	The funny comedian made Anna laugh heartily !
0	Madison was at her desk before class began .	She noticed a new girl was sitting near her desk .	She saw that the girl was looking around and looking nervous .	Madison decided to approach the girl .	She leaned over and introduced herself , which made the girl happy .
4	She felt that she understood modern art a little bit better .	Rhonda never felt that she understood modern art .	One day she decided to visit a modern art museum with a friend .	Her friend helped her appreciate the art that she otherwise might not .	Rhonda went home feeling grateful and satisfied .
2	At first , Chris and Aimee were discouraged .	Chris and Aimee were newlyweds , and wanted to buy a house .	Due to the poor economy , they needed a 50k down payment .	However , they decided they wanted a house more than anything .	They both took on second jobs to generate additional income .
2	Darcy began to study every night .	Darcy failed two classes in school .	Her parents grounded her until her grades improved .	Soon her grades had improved drastically !	Soon Darcy was allowed to go out with her friends again .
3	Ted left a note in the car explaining one car only gets one space .	Ted like to park as close to his office building as possible .	Everyday a car parked in the front row took up two space .	One day Ted snapped and broke every window in the car .	Ted never saw the car parked in two spaces again .
0	Sally made her list last summer .	A list of all the things she wanted .	But she was not a good girl this year .	And she knew this deep down .	Sally is getting coal this year .
3	Then , she went to take a bite but it was so hot .	Megan was at a donut shop .	She really wanted a fresh donut , hot out of the machine .	She waited in line and then got her donut .	She accidentally dropped the donut in surprise .
1	He always yelled out when the teacher was talking .	Ed was a bad kid in class .	This time the teacher had had enough of his yelling .	He was sent to the principal 's office .	Ed never yelled out in class again since .
2	I arrived at the store and went inside .	I had to go buy bread .	I left the house and walked on the sidewalk .	I bought the bread and I bought milk as well .	It was then that I walked home with the groceries .
0	Danielle was having trouble seeing in class .	Her teacher recommended an eye test .	She took it and failed .	They decided she needed glasses .	She got fitted for a pair that night .
2	Finally she called mall security .	Jen walked out of the mall only to find her car was gone .	She looked around frantically .	As they started questioning her she realized her car was n't missing .	She had gone out of the wrong door of the mall .
1	The previous night , there had been some drama online .	Laura was at school one morning .	Suddenly , a girl came up to her and pushed her .	The girl started attacking Laura .	Luckily , someone helped the girl off .
4	Mark decided he would never wait that long to buy gifts .	It was Christmas Eve and Mark still had n't bought gifts .	He raced to the mall .	In the mall he saw many things were out of stock .	He was not satisfied with what he came out with .
4	She had a slice and said that it was delicious .	I woke up early on my mother 's birthday .	I had previously decided to make her a cake .	I walked into the kitchen to prepare the cake .	After it was cooked , I quickly drove it over to her house .
4	Her sister made fun of her for what she wrote .	Danielle had been feeling down .	She decided to write what was bothering her in a journal .	She started to feel better .	However , her sister found the journal and read it .
0	Tim wanted to learn how to draw .	But he kept getting distracted .	His friend asked him to play video games .	And they ended up playing the whole day .	Tim regret wasting the whole day .
3	Although the move was a hassle , Mark enjoyed his new home .	Mark wanted to find someplace new to move to .	He did his research based on the places he wanted to visit .	He decided to move to Florida because of its nice weather .	Mark enjoyed his new life as a Florida resident .
3	Finally , Ned quit the job .	Ned worked at a burger joint .	He hated the job .	The pay was terrible and the hours were long .	He was relieved after he quit .
0	Julia was baking cookies .	She did n't have any butter but figured that margarine would work .	When the dough was done , she put the cookies in the oven .	Then , she waited for them to cook .	Unfortunately , the cookies did n't rise properly and were n't as yummy .
0	Jack really wanted to open a restaurant .	He mortgaged his house in order to start a burger joint .	Jack had no idea how to run a restaurant .	Nobody came to his restaurant because his food was terrible .	Jack had to shut down his restaurant due to poor business .
3	Jessica started to panic .	Jessica woke up one morning and got ready for work .	She got into her car to head to work .	The car would not start .	She quickly realized that she could ride the bus to work so she did .
0	Susan received a new bicycle for Christmas .	She did n't know how to ride it without training wheels .	Her mother held the back of her bike as she pushed Susan .	Susan 's mother let go of the bicycle .	Susan crashed and skinned her knee .
3	She tried to put it out by throwing water on it .	Kim was n't a very good cook .	She tried to make french fries .	Some grease spilled over and caught fire .	The fire spread and Kim had to call the fire department .
1	He did not know anyone in his class .	Bob was starting the year at a new school .	The teacher asked all students to get out a pencil .	Bob forgot to bring a pencil .	Luckily the girl sitting next to him gave him one and smiled .
0	Stephen had been awake for days .	He tried to sleep but could n't .	He would lay in bed for hours but never actually sleep .	Instead of going to the doctor , he just took a bottle of ambien .	He 'll finally get sleep now because he overdosed and died .
2	She knew the song well , so did n't feel the need to practice .	Cynthia was honored when asked to sing at the football game .	She was going to sing the National Anthem , which was big honor .	Unfortunately , she forgot some of the words and the crowd jeered .	She hoped to get another chance someday and she 'd practice for sure .
2	SHe fell down .	Stephanie was in the middle of a mosh .	She got pushed by a big man beside her .	She panicked but then she saw a hand .	Someone lifted her up .
3	Being not in control was frightening .	I had never been on a rollercoaster before and last week was the first	I was frightened but also nervous to go on it .	When the ride started I was screaming .	After the ride I never wanted to go on it again .
2	Until one day he sees a mouse run into a hole in the wall .	Bill 's dog starts barking at the wall and pacing every time it rains .	Bill ca n't figure out why .	The mouse was coming in from the rain whenever it rained .	Once Bill patches the hole there is no more barking from the dog .
3	Upon arriving at the party , she immediately noticed 2 similar outfits .	Jane always needed to be unique .	That 's why she spent days looking for the perfect costume .	She now wore her half angel and half demon disguise to the party .	She could not stand the shame and went promptly home .
0	Sara wanted to have a baby .	She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late .	Sara prayed and kept trying to get pregnant .	She went to a routine women 's health check up .	She was thrilled when the doctor told her she was pregnant .
2	So I went to my neighbor who delivered them by car .	I wanted to get a job delivering papers .	I talked to the local paper and they said not without a car .	She said that for every block I did she 'd pay me half her rate .	I did so well that I was able to pay for a car and start a real route .
0	A student wanted to improve their test scores .	The student recreated the exact exam questions as best as possible .	The student would only change out the variables in questions .	The student would work the same question type for 4 hours straight .	The student saw their grade average increase .
0	Christmas was only two weeks away , but Jenny still needed a few gifts .	What should she make for her nine cousins ?	Not candy - last year 's caramels became a horrible sticky mess .	A gingerbread sugar scrub would be perfect , she decided .	When it was done , she had nine fragrant jars - the perfect gift !
4	She landed hard on the ground breaking her arm .	Susan went on a bike ride with a friend .	She was having a wonderful time on the ride .	Susan went too fast around a corner on her bike .	Susan fell off her bike .
4	His sister could n't stop laughing .	Will and his sister loved to make mud pies in the summer .	They would mix dirt with water , shape it and pretend it was real food .	Then one day Will forgot it was pretend and bit into one of the pies .	Mud oozed out of his mouth .
0	Lea wanted pink hair for her Halloween costume .	But she did n't want to be stuck with pink hair forever .	Then he thought of a great solution .	She used packets of Kool Aid to turn her hair pink .	Her costume was great , and the pink washed out the next day !
2	When she got home and hung it up , it looked awkward .	Rylie had just bought a snowman sign for Christmas .	She tried to keep it safe , but it got bent in the car .	She tried to fix it by bending it down .	Finally , the sign laid flat and looked normal .
0	I did a survey on Mechanical Turk for five cents .	It took me twenty minutes .	I was angry at the low pay .	On top of that , the requester rejected me .	I realized that Mechanical Turk was unethical .
0	Kelly decided to be adventurous .	She decide to take the training wheels off her bike .	Ultimately she fell off .	Kelly sprained her ankle .	Thankfully though , she was taken to the doctor .
0	The selfish man clambered through the mud .	This was madness , he was n't a hero .	As he struggled for the door handle he knew he was ruining his suit .	He pulled the injured woman from the car , worried about a lawsuit .	Everyone afterward praised the selfish man .
4	On his way home , John ate every piece of his candy .	John was walking home from school .	Suddenly , John noticed the display window for the local candy shop .	John went inside the shop to purchase some candy .	John purchased the candy and continued home .
2	Her most difficult question was if she preferred fame or fortune .	Jean was preparing for her pageant interview .	Her coach asked her many questions .	Jean said she preferred fame .	She dreaded interview .
3	His family found his body when they came for their biweekly visit .	Chad ate little and drank less .	The cancer eating away at him did n't have any less of an appetite .	He was tired of fighting it , and decided to give up .	They had his body cremated , sad their grandfather had left them .
4	After a while I was too cold and headed home .	Yesterday I went to the park .	It was cold so I brought my jacket .	I found a bench and tried to read by the lake .	I could n't concentrate on the book though and just watched the people .
0	Alexa Raye used to get mistaken for being a man .	She got tired of it so she grew her hair long .	Unfortunately , she still got mistaken for a man .	So now when people mistaken her as a man , she does n't correct them .	Alexa Raye now thinks it 's funny that people thinks she looks manly .
2	She decided to read a book .	Bella was having a boring Saturday .	She had run out of things to do .	She spent the rest of the day in bed reading .	Before she knew it , the day was over .
3	He acted quick and offered cash for lower than the asking price .	Ted was in the market for a new car .	He browsed craigslist for months .	He found a really great deal on a car .	Ted was able to purchase the car for a low price .
4	She ended up attending the party with jeans and a t-shirt .	Mandy was invited to a party .	She did n't know what to wear .	Someone told her she should get a black dress .	She had one , but it was way too small for her .
1	Everything was fine until an unforeseen accident occurred .	David and I went to work at our grocery store .	The store 's electricity went out which had caused the vegetables to go bad .	We had to go to each vegetable section and throw all the veggies away .	This was the biggest waste I 've seen .
2	He covered himself with his blankets and shivered in fear .	Michael was sound asleep in his bed .	He awoke to a tapping sound in the night .	Bravely , he lowered his blanket and looked towards the sound .	It was just the wind blowing the tree branches against the window !
1	He wanted to go to every fast food burger place in New York .	Sam was on a mission .	He started going to 10 a day .	He got really fat doing it .	He ended up quitting 4 months in .
2	I decided to open a lemonade stand .	I wanted some money .	Alas , I was too young to get a job .	Only one person showed up .	But , the person tipped me ten dollars !
3	When she thought she had the hang of it , she stepped into the game .	Amy wanted to learn to play lacrosse .	She bought the gear and went to the court .	There , she watched experienced players play .	Amy played like a pro on her very first try !
0	Wendy was the top fighter .	Everyone betted on her winning the match against Karly	Wendy ended up losing .	Everyone who betted for Karly won a lot of money .	Wendy lost her title .
4	I was very disappointed .	I went to get fast food for lunch today .	The line was very long .	I waited and waited until it was my turn .	When I got the counter , they were out of the item I wanted .
1	He had to update everything inside , especially the rug .	Tom moved into a house that was very old .	Tom yanked up the old shag rug , piece by piece .	All the dust that kicked up made him cough .	After taking a fresh air break he finished pulling the rug .
2	She was too polite to say anything , however .	A young man presented his prom date with a corsage of lilies .	Unbeknownst to him , she was allergic to lilies .	She spent the entire evening sneezing and blowing her nose .	It was ultimately much less romantic than either of them had planned .
4	Emily and her baby are very happy and snuggly without anyone else .	Emily became pregnant unexpectedly .	She was 18 years old .	Nobody treated her the same .	She still decided to leave college to have her baby .
0	George needed to buy a christmas tree .	He went to Home Depot .	He found some but he did not like it .	He went back home .	He decided to give up on a tree .
1	I had never played blackjack before , but she encouraged me .	I went to the casino with my friend .	I sat and played for a little while .	By the end I managed to win $ 40 .	I do n't gamble often , but that was a fun experienced .
3	A bee had stung her eyelid .	My little sister and I went to a school festival .	She left to play on the swings with her friends .	Suddenly she started screaming and crying .	I ran to get a bag of ice for her eye .
4	They stopped and ate a light lunch , then rode some more .	Steve and Sharon decided to go for a bike ride .	They checked their tires and bike chains for safety .	They put on their biking gear and headed out	They rode for several hours until they were both hungry .
1	Jimmy 's boss wanted to have sushi .	Jimmy went to lunch with his boss for the first time .	Jimmy was terrified at the thought of eating raw fish .	He let his boss order for him since he did n't know what to eat .	He secretly put his food in his napkin when his boss was n't looking .
4	Logan smiled as he finally saw the players he 'd been waiting for !	Logan was on his way to see his very first hockey game .	He could n't wait to see all his favorite hockey players .	When he got there , he rushed through the doors as fast as he could .	He found his seat and looked over the crowd to see the rink .
4	He became a painter and joined an art studio .	Phil was a successful lawyer .	He had money and a good career .	But he was still not happy .	He finally decided to get happy and quit his job .
3	Dave cleaned off his knife and worked on the medium onions .	David had to cut up two crates of onions for work .	He dumped one crate out on the table and sorted them by size .	He took the bigger ones and chopped them first .	By the time he cut the small onions , David was crying from the onions .
1	She did n't know the language too well .	The girl went to an English school .	She was sad about it .	People made fun of her .	It was because of her accent .
1	She was having lunch in the cafeteria for the first time .	It was Amy 's first day in the first grade .	She was able to choose her lunch .	She sat with her friends from class and the ate and talked .	Amy felt like a big kid for the first time .
2	We picked a nice area and set up a sheet and ate sandwiches .	My girlfriend planned a picnic for us last weekend .	It was a sweet gesture .	Unfortunately within minutes we were overrun by ants .	We got bit so much we had to go home early .
4	It gave him more time to play his games .	Greg was addicted to online games .	It 's all he would ever talk about to his real friends .	They stopped inviting him to their outings .	He did n't mind .
2	Lola was trying to remember who he was .	Lola was at the shopping mall with friends .	They all noticed a familiar looking man across the room .	Suddenly , she remembered the movie she had seen last week .	Then , she realized that the man was an actor from the film .
0	Carl was walking down the street .	He found a twenty dollar bill on the floor .	Nobody else was around .	He took it .	Carl paid for gas with it .
4	Her professor was irritated with Jen .	Jen had an appointment with her professor .	She left the house during rush hour .	There was so much traffic .	She was late to her appointment .
2	When she returned it was almost full .	Gina was washing a bedspread .	She started the washer , and went to the bathroom .	She began to put the bedspread in the washer .	The water made it float , making it hard to get it in the machine .
4	When they arrived at the site , it began to rainy very heavily .	Travis was preparing for his long weekend hunting trip with friends .	He had packed his rifle and all the camping gear he would need .	The weather was looking perfect , but he still brought a rainy coat .	His friends picked him up , and they began talking about the weekend .
1	He thought he could throw a party and it would make his dream real .	Frank always wanted to be the king of the neighborhood .	It took weeks but Frank planned the best party imaginable .	As he sat watching the event unfold he felt a profound sadness .	Seeing his dream come true he realized he had nothing to want anymore .
4	They soon realized it was silly to argue and they kept the furniture .	Bob just bought a new couch for the living room .	The same day his wife Lucy bought a new chair for the living room .	The couch and chair did n't match each other .	They got into a fight over it that lasted a while .
2	All the trucks had to be green with certain equipment .	I received a phone call at work from a new construction company today .	The fleet manager of the company said he was looking to buy 5 trucks .	I searched all Chevrolet dealers in the United States .	By the end of the day , I sold 5 trucks and gained a new customer .
1	The pizza place was only 3 blocks from her house .	Gina ordered a pizza for pickup .	But one of the streets was closed .	Gina had to drive 3 blocks out of her way to get around it .	As she drove she wished she had gotten it delivered instead .
0	In Korea , McDonald 's will only give you one packet of ketchup .	Sometimes though , the cashier would give me two .	I think this is because they knew Americans liked ketchup .	One day , a really cute cashier gave me three packets of ketchup .	Looking back , I do n't know if she was cute or if it was the 3 packets .
2	She took a picture of the vase on her phone .	Sue was at a museum with her daughter .	Sue saw an intricate vase on display .	All of a sudden , security told her to stop taking pictures .	Sue was told that flash photography was not allowed .
4	However , as time passed , Alex grew to love his new sister .	Alex was getting a little sister .	He was not sure about this .	He was used to being the only child .	When the new baby came , Alex became very jealous .
1	He had to take out 4 of them .	The surgeon was working on a patient 's wisdom teeth .	He ended up messing up .	Since he made the patient sign a waiver , the patient could not sue .	The patient wrote a bad review online though .
0	The woman woke up .	She was in a hospital .	Her eyes were swollen from the attack .	She could barely see .	She heard her mother crying .
4	The lady told her to pay it forward next time and gave her a hug .	At the grocery store Jenny was about to pay for her groceries .	She pulled out her wallet to hand over the money to the cashier .	At that moment the lady behind her swiped her credit card .	Jenny was so surprised about this random act of kindness .
2	A cute guy came in and sat next to her .	Amy was done because she ate lunch alone .	She went to her 5th period class in a funk .	When Amy looked at him he smiled at her .	Amy 's mood instantly improved .
3	I laid on the cold ground waiting for help .	I left work grumpy because it was a long day .	As I walked home I tripped on the sidewalk .	I fell on the icy sidewalk and broke my wrist .	A nice lady helped me up and called an ambulance .
2	The train came rushing at the chains .	During the war , Dave was ordered to stop an enemy train .	He strung a set of chains across the tracks and waited .	Dave watched as the train broke through all the chains .	Dave was sad that his plan did not work .
3	Minnie growled and hissed at the new arrival .	Minnie was a 10-year-old cat who lived with her owners .	She liked being the only cat who lived there .	One day , her owners decided to adopt a new kitten .	Eventually , though , Minnie came to accept the new kitten as family .
2	Her arm smacked the wall .	Jane was walking downstairs .	She tripped over her shoe lace .	Although she felt no pain on her arm , her head was hurting .	She immediately sat on the ground .
2	Jason shouted at the cat during a visit .	Jason did n't like cats .	Jason 's girlfriend owned a grumpy cat .	Jason 's girlfriend told him to leave .	Jason learned how to make nice with the cat .
0	As a child , Andy had many toys .	He had soldiers , and cowboys and dinosaurs and monsters .	They brought him hours of happiness .	As he grew up , his passion for toys grew with him .	As an adult , Andy opened a toy museum and shared his love with others .
2	He loved all his stops , but Sophia was his favorite .	Neil was in Sofia , Bulgaria .	He was enjoying a trip backpacking through Europe .	He thought the food and culture in Sofia were the best .	Neil never wanted to leave Bulgaria !
4	Wilson was wet and smelled gross so he left .	Wilson was at a concert .	He was alone and he had a spot by the stage .	Suddenly , a woman behind him bumped into him .	Her alcoholic drink spilled all over him .
1	And his air conditioner was n't helping enough .	Tom was really hot one day .	So he went to his freezer and got an ice pack .	And putting it on his forehead helped him cool down .	Tom was glad he did n't have to spend money on a new air conditioner .
2	Her team did very well .	A little girl loved to play soccer .	She started to play for a very competitive club .	They won the regional championship and were sent to nationals .	They lost at nationals but were very proud of their accomplishment .
4	Anna had to return home for treatment .	Anna was hiking in the hills behind her home .	She was scaling the large boulders .	Then she slipped and fell .	She snapped her ankle between two boulders .
0	My friend went to the food court to search for food .	He saw a Chinese restaurant owner handing out food through samples .	He took one and walked off .	However , we swapped shirts and he returned to the man .	The owner did n't recognize him and gave him more food .
2	He bent over and examined it .	A glimmer of light was seen at the end of the street .	The boy followed the light to its source .	The light was a reflection from a shiny coin .	He picked up the coin and put it in his pocket .
2	As he hit number 92 , he collapsed .	Jay had made a bet with his friend that he could do 100 push-ups .	Now , Jay was on his 87th push-up , and fading fast .	Jay had lost the bet .	As the loser , he was forced to punch himself in the face .
0	Sam needed to go to work one snowy morning	His windshield was frozen over .	He decided to dump hot water on to melt it .	Sam 's windshield cracked .	He had to have it replaced .
0	Benny was an artist who has been running low on inspiration lately .	He went to a coffee shop that he usually goes to .	There was someone that he had n't seen before and started to draw .	She noticed and decided to sit next to him .	Since then Benny has had enough inspiration for two lifetimes .
1	It was poorly built .	Jim added a den to his home .	rainy leaked through the roof .	Ben helped Jim repair the roof .	After that the den was perfect .
0	Jim and Betty ate at a restaurant last night .	They both had the same meal .	The next morning they both felt very sick .	They both had food poisoning .	They called the restaurant to tell them .
4	So she rode the ride twice to give each animal a try .	Lizzy watched the merry go round as she waited her turn .	She could n't decide which animal she wanted to ride .	The white horse with pink ribbons was beautiful .	But the brown bunny was adorable .
0	Jim had been feeling sick recently .	He decided to take the day off from work .	The very next day , he found out his boss was also sick .	Jim had given his boss the cold .	Jim apologized by giving his boss some chocolate .
3	She joined a relief organization and helped rebuild homes .	Ky wanted to help flood victims in her state .	But she had no money and no extra food to send them .	Then Ky decided she could volunteer her time .	In total , Ky helped over sixty flood victims !
4	They went in for the shot and took away the game .	It was the last game of the season .	The team was trying to win .	There were 5 seconds left .	As they rushed towards the hoop , the other team stole the ball .
1	When someone made her mad , she made up lies about them .	Brittany was a horrible girl who always told lies .	One day , she decided she wanted to get her teacher in trouble	To get her in trouble , she told lies about her to her mom .	This made her teacher very mad and she gave Brittany detention for it .
2	As a result , Cindy would cry everyday .	Cindy loved recess but the one thing she hated was bullies .	The mean girl Lisa would never let Cindy play with her .	Luckily the teacher saw and did something about .	Cindy no longer had to worry about any bullies .
1	He had taken several Years off school and was scared of college class .	Charles was afraid he would never finish college .	However , he decided to face his fear and enter the classroom again .	Charles found that college was much easier than he had feared .	Now that he has graduated , Charles will never be afraid again .
0	Laura was patiently awaiting the results of her test .	She checked her laptop every 10 minutes .	She finally received an email with her test grade .	She had received an A and passed her course .	Laura ended up with all As at the end of the semester .
1	They were both nervous as they said goodbye .	Sean and Sara had just gone on a date .	Suddenly , Sean leaned over and hugged Sara .	Sara was caught off guard and did n't know what to say .	Before she could react , he walked away .
0	Nina 's mom had just had a new baby .	Nina was anxious to meet her little brother .	Soon , her dad brought her to the hospital .	Nina sat down a chair .	Her dad put the baby into Nina 's arms , and she hugged him .
4	Instead they now have a new pet cat .	Nate was driving with his girlfriend .	She spotted a stray cat on the side of the road .	She immediately pulled over .	Nate tried to convince her to just leave it .
2	At school , she felt self-conscious .	Judy was sad because she scored poorly on a her vision test .	So she had to wear glasses .	But when she looked at the sky , she saw its beauty with great clarity .	Judy was glad she got glasses .
0	Yesterday I was trying to ride a very mean bull .	The bull tried to buck me off many times .	I was able to ride the bull for eight seconds .	It was the first time I had made the entire eight seconds .	I have decided to try to work at rodeos for a living .
2	Both people were very stubborn about the situation .	Two people arrived to a theater for a popular play .	There was a mistake with tickets and they had the same seat number .	Their compromise was to sit on each other 's lap .	During intermission they switched who was on the bottom .
3	The cat woke up angrily and hissed .	My cat was sleeping in my lap .	The dog ran into the room	She jumped up onto our chair .	The dog ran away , scared .
0	My father has always pressured me to go to graduate school .	I always agreed , but I have had a hard time with college lately .	Graduation has been stressing me out a lot .	I finally decided to disobey my father and get a job right away .	I am very relieved now that I have a plan .
1	Suddenly the fire alarm went off .	I was getting ready to leave my hotel room for the day .	I left my room and headed to the stairs .	The alarm stopped before I got outside .	I was relieved that it was only a drill .
3	They were unsure at first , but ate every bite .	Lina was a great cook .	She decided to make dinner for her parents .	When they arrived home from work , the dinner was ready .	Lina was praised for her hard work .
2	Alex went to a job fair .	Alex had been fired .	He decided to seek work .	While there Alex scheduled an interview with a company .	Alex did great at the interview and received a job offer .
2	I learned that 50 percent of all donations were paid to the CEO !	I donated to a charity for three years .	One day , I decided to research them more in depth .	I became furious and sent a letter of complaint to the CEO .	He did n't reply so I decided to stop donating to the charity .
1	She was caught sneaking out at midnight at a friend 's house .	Amy was in trouble .	She was being driven back home	From the porch , she could see her parents in the living room waiting .	She took a deep sigh , and walked into the house .
3	She went to her boss hours later expecting praise .	Anaya was given the task to rename many files .	She worked for hours typing each new name , one at a time .	Anaya diligently corrected all her typing errors .	Her boss asked her why she had n't written a script instead .
4	He considered himself lucky that he had n't lost control of the car .	Driving home , Jack was startled by a loud pop !	The car swerved dangerously and he managed to pull over .	He got out and saw the tire had blown out .	Jack got the spare form the trunk and changed the tired .
4	It arrived and Butch was much happier .	Butch had a really old computer .	Everything he did on it was slow .	The frustration became intolerable for Butch .	He saved his money and order a new PC from Dell .
3	He contacted the owner of the wallet .	Ike found a wallet on the street .	It was full of cash !	Ike needed money , but he knew he had to do the right thing .	The owner was so happy , he rewarded Ike with $ 100 !
2	It only takes her once or twice to learn a new song .	My daughter is an auditory learner .	She loves listening to songs .	Yesterday we listened to a song three times .	Now , she can sing it all by herself .
2	No one told me there was a year waiting period .	I had to buy dental insurance out of pocket .	I tried to use my insurance to pay for a crown .	Now I owe my dentist $ 500 .	I 'm not allowed to cancel the insurance , either .
0	Jim wanted to get a puppy .	He went to his local humane shelter .	He picked out a brown baby pitbull .	Jim named his puppy James .	Jim brought James home and fed him dog treats .
3	We politely asked our neighbor to stop the noise 3 days after the 4th .	We have a neighbor that is extremely annoying in many ways .	Last 4th of July , this neighbor shot off fireworks until midnight .	This loud display went on for three nights , terrifying our dog .	The man cussed out my husband , challenging him to a fist fight .
0	Daisy was at her middle school graduation .	Her teacher was handing out superlative awards for everyone .	Daisy 's award was about being most likely to be on a reality tv show .	Daisy knew that it was just a joke , but it still hurt her feelings .	She decided to forget about it , and went home .
1	Suddenly he heard the woman in front of him speaking .	Tim was in line for coffee .	She was telling the cashier she 'd forgotten her wallet !	Tim stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee .	With a smile , she graciously accepted his offer .
0	Bert was working the grill at his restaurant .	An order for a cheeseburger came in .	Bert placed the food on the grill and waited .	After a few minutes , Bert noticed that the burger was burned .	Bert quickly removed the burned food and replaced it .
0	April hated going to her internship because she hated her coworkers .	One day she met a man who was the shoe-shiner in her building .	They had a good conversation .	She started to visit him while he was shining shoes .	April decided her internship was n't so bad because of the guy she met .
4	He was thankful that he forgot his wallet .	Mike went to the deli for a sandwich .	On the way there he forgot his money .	He went home and then proceeded to go back to the deli .	On his way there he noticed his deli was on fire .
2	She found out .	Brenna and I used to be best friends .	I talked about her behind her back .	She started ignoring me .	We never talked again .
2	When she could n't find her top her sister walked in .	Lori had a big date on Friday .	She had the perfect outfit picked out .	Turns out the sister was wearing it .	They got into a big fight and the top got torn in the process .
3	Once the walk was done , we went back inside and had some coffee .	This morning before I went to work I took my dog for a walk .	After putting his collar and leash on , we left the house .	It was raining a little so we had to be fast !	It was a perfect morning !
4	Rick started charging people to have him look over their resumes !	Having just been fired , Rick needed a new job as soon as possible .	Rick just wanted to work , he did n't care what field the job was in .	He went to every local business , but none of them were hiring .	Being inventive , Rick decided to create his own job for himself .
0	Becky made a lot of money working at a bank , but she hated her job .	Her childhood dream was to work with horses .	Becky quit the bank and got a job at an equestrian center .	Her first day on the job , a horse kicked her in the head .	After a hospital stay , Becky went back to work at the bank .
1	First I had to read a bunch of stories to her .	My daughter slept through the night in her own bed .	Then I had to lay down with her for about 15 minutes .	Then she fell asleep .	She stayed there all night !
2	Her baby was coming way too early .	Mary was a nurse in labor and delivery .	One night a very young woman came in with contraptions .	Mary held the young woman 's hand , and helped her through labor .	She comforted the woman as her baby breathed its last breath .
4	The man showed Niall his badge , he was a policeman .	Niall wandered through the streets at night trying to sell his wares .	He offered suspicious passersby weed .	Niall met one enthusiastic man who wanted to purchase everything .	Niall was excited momentarily , but grew suspicious .
3	It fell on his arm .	Jim took the kettle out of the stove .	He also took out a glass from the cabinet .	He tried to pour the steaming water into the glass .	He was extremely burnt and could n't stay still .
1	And he noticed that the same man had his garage open every Monday .	Ray walked home from school everyday .	One Monday , Ray watched the man work on his car .	And he noticed that the man went inside occasionally .	He waited for the right moment stole items from the garage .
0	I was going on a first date with a guy .	We headed to the movies together .	Suddenly , he said he felt sick .	He threw up everything in the parking lot .	I was grossed out I never talked to him again .
1	One day at school , the teachers started acting strange .	Weston was in the third grade .	Weston found out that a big flood had come through town .	The school was blocked off from the homes for the whole day .	Weston had to stay at the school until late that night .
0	An old man had been struck by a car one day .	He was severely injured .	He was told it would take him awhile to walk again .	For months the old man practiced walking with support .	One day he was able to walk with only a can and his legs recovered .
4	The next day , she found a customer had left new tennis shoes for her .	Jan worked as a waitress and had to save every dime .	When she learned she was expecting , Jan had to keep working .	Soon , it was obvious to the customers that Jan was going to be a mom .	Jan rarely complained , but she mentioned her feet were more tired now .
3	He could n't get out of it so he almost suffocated .	Arnold was scared of boxes .	He hated their creepy figure .	In his past when he was a child he got stuck in a box .	Arnold never got near a box ever again .
2	The school closed early because there was too much snow .	Ryan hiked to school in the snow .	It snowed so much recess was cancelled .	Ryan took the bus back home .	Ryan played in the snow all night .
0	My kids love to visit Myrtle Beach .	We go to the water slide parks .	We play on the beach .	We even play par 3 golf .	We are always really sunburned when we get home .
4	The owner of the house caught me and made me pay for a new window .	I decided to play street baseball with my friends .	It was my turn to bat .	I knocked the ball out of the park !	Alas , it broke a window of a house !
0	Justin was riding a motorcycle .	Suddenly , a car hit his back wheel .	He went out of control and was thrown to the ground .	After he was stopped and safe , he checked for injuries .	He could tell that his helmet was the only thing that had saved him .
0	Amy and her friends left the store .	Amy wanted to stop by Ben 's house .	Lynn reminded Amy they had purchased ice cream .	Amy agreed it needed to be refrigerated .	They ended up going straight to Lynn 's house instead .
2	Before having dinner , Jeff worked on putting up the lights .	Jeff wanted to put up lights for Christmas .	Jeff decided to put up lights on Thanksgiving .	He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family .	Jeff could not finish putting up lights before Thanksgiving was over .
1	When she arrived to the restaurant she did n't find her date .	Lori was nervous for her blind date .	Her date arrived almost ten minutes late .	They did not get along very well .	When he asked her for a second date , Lori declined .
2	He had a lot of fun doing this .	Bill bought a new truck .	He decided to take it off road .	He got caught going down hill in a low gear and could not slow down .	He ruined his transmission by offroading with poor skill .
3	Rather than being disgusted , he smiled and peed beside her .	Dagmar went swimming in the pool .	She had to pee , so she just went in the pool .	A cute boy swam by , and noticed the water was warmer .	They both had a pee fetish .
4	It was such a good show I lost track of time !	Recently my friend and I started watching a TV show called TURN .	We watch it together online through a site that lets us share screens .	I started watching it with her one afternoon at 4 o'clock .	I took a break from watching and realized it was eight o'clock .
0	Ness was on a trip to see her namesake lake in Scotland .	She had her camera ready to take pictures .	She hoped to snap a photo of the famous monster !	But after a whole day of watching , she saw no monster .	Ness had a great trip but saw nothing supernatural !
0	Bella is a 3 year old girl .	She woke up at 7AM this morning and was full of energy .	Bella 's mom took her to the park after breakfast .	After the park , Bella went to the mall for Christmas Shopping .	Bella got home before lunch and fell asleep from running around town .
2	Sometimes though , a couple of teenagers would come by .	Karen worked at a public library .	Usually she had a great time conversing with the patrons .	They trashed the shelves and messed with the computers .	After talking to her manager , she was able to get them banned .
0	Francis decided to do some baking .	He could n't decide what to bake .	He thought about cookies , but decided not to .	Finally , he made some croissants .	They burned !
2	Unfortunately , he did not have cooking oil .	Boris was craving fish sticks .	He decided to make some .	He decided to use lard .	The fish sticks tasted foul because of the lard .
0	Linda was lying on the couch watching TV when the phone rang .	When she got up to answer it she tripped over the dog and fell down .	It was n't funny at all but her brother Sam started laughing at her .	As Linda got up off the floor she threw a pillow at Sam .	Before he could throw it back Linda ran out of the room laughing .
2	One in particular keeps her occupied the longest .	My daughter watches television shows that are educational .	Some of the shows are better than others .	This show lasts about twenty-five minutes .	Because of this show , her vocabulary has increased substantially .
2	My niece does not want her daughter to go far away .	My niece 's daughter is applying to colleges .	She wants to be a nurse .	Her daughter just got into a college 800 miles away .	They argued about her choice , with no resolution .
2	After much thought , she decided to stay home .	Sarah woke up not feeling very well .	She debated on staying home from work .	She laid in bed and rested the majority of the day .	The following morning she felt much better .
2	Well that 's all that she planned to shoot .	Allister was practicing her with her bow .	She obviously was only shooting targets .	Her hand slipped when she was shooting cause the arrow to fly wild .	It ended up coming straight down and landing on the instructor 's foot .
4	Riley wore her cowboy boots to school the next day .	Riley went to the store with her mother .	She needed new shoes to wear to school .	Riley tried on three pairs of shoes .	The brown and teal cowboy boots were the most comfortable shoes .
2	She kissed him on the forehead .	She said she had the measles .	He said he did not believe her .	He said that was yucky .	She said he was right .
1	Peter allegedly stole Harry 's brand new baseball cap .	Harry and Peter were best friends .	Harry confronted Peter about the stolen baseball cap .	Peter denied the that he stole the baseball cap .	When Harry was convinced and left , Peter showed everyone his new cap !
2	The man just took the money and did n't but any .	A man organized a lottery pool at his work .	He received $ 500 to buy tickets .	The day of the drawing he told everyone that they lost .	He told them next time they would win .
2	He invites all his classmates .	It is Eli 's birthday .	He is having a party at a gymnastics place .	Only two of his friends show up at the party .	Eli is sad that his friends did not come .
0	Will wanted to quit smoking .	It gave him a bad cough .	He bought a nicotine patch at the store .	Used the patch for a month .	He finally quit smoking .
2	Ben took the order and made the pie .	Ben was making pies for his shop .	A woman walked in ordering a apple pie .	The lady showed up to pick up the pie but noticed something strange .	There was a rat in the pie and screamed out the door .
3	On one of the rides , he leaned over and kissed me !	My first real kiss was in sixth grade .	Our middle school band went on a trip to an amusement park .	My boyfriend met me at the park .	I was excited because I really liked him .
3	Nicholas gets frustrated .	Nicholas needs new tires on his car so he heads to the store .	They try selling him very expensive tires .	The tires are out of his price range .	Nicholas leaves the shop without new tires .
3	At his first game he was nervous .	George decided to join the baseball team .	He made a plan to practice every day .	He ended up missing several days of practice .	He did not perform well .
1	He would n't give her affirmations for her hard work .	Stacy worked for a demanding boss .	Stacy felt unhappy with her lot in life .	She surely deserved more praise for all she did .	Stacy filed a discrimination claim against her boss .
3	I am really good at hitting nails now .	Today I was learning how to hammer a nail .	I kept missing and bending the nail .	After a dozen tries I started to hit the nail straight .	I am going to help hammer nails to hang pictures soon .
0	Every fork was dirty in Chris ' kitchen .	He was too lazy to wash anything .	To eat his pasta he used a knife instead .	He brought the knife to his mouth and pasta slipped off .	The pasta sauce got all over Chris 's clothes .
1	I am proud to be a writer .	I write stories for money .	I realize my writing may never be famous .	That will not stop me from writing .	I think I will write a lot today and be happy .
1	Hearing a soft mewing , she looked down to the drain pipe .	Brandy woke up one morning and stepped out to the porch .	She then ran to the sound and found a sickly feral kitten .	Brandy took the cat to an animal hospital where it was revitalized .	Brandy returned home with her new healthy friend she named Hopscotch .
1	The first time he used it he fell .	Tim got a new skateboard .	He kept slipping and falling all week .	He was almost going to give up .	Finally after a month he was a great skateboarder .
2	He sees a kid having trouble hitting the ball .	Tony is a retired baseball player .	One day he takes a walk in the park .	Tony shows him how fix his technique and the kid improves .	Tony decides to spend his retirement Years as a little league coach .
3	The man in the car looked too late .	The man was running .	He ran a little bit too far into the street .	A car was coming fast .	The car hit the man running accidentally .
2	The worker 's there allowed my children to interact with the chimp .	I was excited about taking my children to the local Zoo .	As we walked and enjoyed the animal 's we stopped at the chimp exhibit .	They performed gestures and the chimp would repeat them .	That trip showed me how smart these creatures really where .
4	Chris and Mary went to the concert together .	Chris wanted to go to a concert , but he did n't want to go alone .	Chris decided to ask his friend Mary to go with him .	Chris called Mary and invited her .	Mary said yes !
1	He wanted to get his brakes replaced .	Larry went to the car mechanic last week .	The mechanic told him it would take one hour .	The mechanic charged Larry a lot of money .	Larry refused to pay and they got into an argument .
0	Arnold was scared of rabbits .	He always thought they were so mysterious .	One day he had to go to a pet store .	He saw a rabbit staring at him .	Arnold nearly fainted .
2	Then , one of the group turned on the news .	Jack was to meet them at 6:30 at the park .	When he did n't arrived , they began to worry .	They saw a report of Jack 's death .	He had been shot in a drive-by shooting on his way to the park .
2	One day , the Joneses called a realtor and started looking at houses .	The Jones family had long desired to move to a larger home .	They had outgrown their small mid-century ranch many times over .	After a long search , they finally found and bought the perfect one .	Everyone fell in love with it , and they lived there for two decades .
1	He opened it at home to jot down a note .	Bob bought an old notebook at a garage sale .	In the notebook was a lot of notes from the old owner .	Bob spent an hour reading through all the old notes .	When he was done he forgot what he wanted to write down .
1	Amy kept her things neat , but the other side of the room was a mess .	Amy 's new roommate was n't very neat .	Amy took initiative and cleaned the whole room .	She hoped her roommate would get the hint and keep it clean .	4 days later the room was a mess again .
4	Finally , Neil throws out a line with his rod to catch a fish .	Neil loves to fish .	He gets his rod and tackle box from the closet .	Then Neil drives to the lake .	Neil finds his favorite spot to sit .
0	Steve went to a bar and ordered a club soda .	The bartender made a drink and slid it over to Steve .	Steve looked at the glass and saw no bubbles .	He complained that this was not what he ordered .	The bartender rolled her eyes and made a new drink .
0	Katy 's cell phone was broken .	Katy decided to go to the mall to get a new one .	She drove to the mall and went to the mobile phone store .	Katy looked at a bunch of phone until she found that was just right .	She then purchased the phone and started making calls .
3	Jacque was the only one close enough to push the kill switch .	Jacque had led a rather bland life as an office clerk .	He longed for excitement and adventure , and daydreamed of both daily .	One day the brakes on the mid-day train failed .	Now , Jacque enjoys the peace and quiet that is the life of a clerk .
1	He took the car through the carwash but scraped the side of the door .	Dave decided he would wash his dad 's car that weekend .	He got out to inspect the scratch and it was bad .	Dave new have been very careless .	His dad was n't mad but told Dave to be careful next time .
1	She had a nervous habit of humming .	Aurora was a precocious girl who was bored in school .	It drove the boy who sat next to her crazy .	He had an idea to give her some worry beads to play with .	He was thrilled when she substituted that quiet habit for her humming !
0	My cat is brown , white and orange .	She likes to sleep on a red fuzzy blanket .	When she lays on the blanket she immediately begins to purr .	Sometimes I pick her up from the blanket and hold her .	If she 's sleepy she 'll fall asleep in my arms .
1	He suited up , buckled his skis , but the guys skied off !	Charles was 10-years-old when his uncle took him skiing .	Charles began sliding backwards down a slope .	He skied faster and faster , knocking people down in his path .	A guard stopped Charles and then said he must be a professional .
1	He needed a ladder for the highest parts of his house .	Tom was putting up Christmas lights .	He was using a hammer to fasten the lights .	The hammer fell and tom stumbled .	He fell off the ladder into a pile of snow .
3	He threw his first horseshoe and totally missed .	Joe had never played horseshoes before .	He was at a party where some kids were playing .	They explained the rules to him .	Then on his next he got a ringer !
0	My son came inside screaming that he saw a wolf .	I went outside to see what it was .	There was nothing in our yard .	I looked over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .	They had a new siberian husky tied up in their yard .
0	Mary woke up to do nothing today .	She did not need to work .	She did not need to go shopping .	She had no household chores to do .	She lay back down and enjoyed doing nothing .
3	The family was rich and greatly overpaid me .	Yesterday , I decided that I would take a trip to New Zealand .	I was n't sure how I would pay for it , but I knew I wanted to go .	After looking through newspapers , I found a job as a dog walker .	My plan to go to New Zealand had become possible .
0	Kim was in the middle of baking cookies one day .	When she went to get the butter there was no more left .	Kim had never met her neighbors before but walked next door anyway .	The neighbor was very nice and gave Kim some butter .	Kim was able to complete her cookie-baking .
4	The delicious chicken has stopped Freddie from being a vegetarian .	Freddie has always been a vegetarian .	However , this year he is hosting a party for his friends .	Freddie decides it is finally time to try eating meat .	He roasts a chicken for the party .
0	Rachel was trying to open a can .	Suddenly , she heard a pop .	Her can opener would n't work .	She checked it out and realized that it was broken .	Then , she threw it away .
3	Kim moved the pots and pans in tone order .	Kim gathered all her pots and pans from the kitchen .	She arranged them upside down in a circle around her .	She hit them with a wooden spoon to hear the tone .	She played her favorite songs on the pots and pans .
1	He did not know what to get .	George had to buy gifts for his children for Christmas .	He went to the Apple Store .	He figured everyone likes technology .	He bought 3 ipods .
3	But he quickly got bored with them .	Bill was cleaning out his garage .	But he noticed a bunch of old things that he did n't want to throw away	He bought CDs , headphones , and video games inside .	He realized why they needed to be given away .
1	One day Sam got all caught up in some string while he was playing .	Sally 's cat , Sam , loved playing with string .	He ended up getting so tied up that he could not get free .	Sally had to cut the string to get him untangled .	Afterwards Sam did not want to play with string anymore .
2	I stopped to pick it up , but wondered if there might be more around .	It was a Friday , and I began to walk to work .	As I neared the entrance , I saw a twenty dollar bill on the ground .	I checked in the street nearby , and found another twenty !	Satisfied , I went into work , $ 40 richer than I was before I left .
1	Since she lived in a different state , he sent her money overseas .	Jeff 's mom asked him for money .	It 's been several weeks and the payment has n't arrived .	When Jeff tracked the delivery , he realized that he made a mistake .	The money was sent to a different address .
0	Jan had always been a scrawny girl .	One day she decided to gain a little weight .	She started by adding a milkshake to every dinner meal .	She also drank weight gain powdered shakes for breakfast .	In four weeks , she had gained eleven pounds !
4	After a few days of this , the fish got better again .	My goldfish was behaving weirdly .	I called the vet and he said the fish was sick .	I went to the vet and bought medicine for the pet .	I went back home and put the medicine in the water .
1	She began by coughing herself into a fit , but recovered .	There was a young woman at my cafe who was ill .	She thought she was ok , but the illness moved to her stomach .	I saw she looked uncomfortable while at the cafe .	She soiled her pants , and everyone was sick from the stench .
3	He could not afford to purchase another boat .	Ian lived on a island .	Ian loved to explore the surrounding islands .	However , Ian recently crashed his boat .	Ian was sad that he could no longer island hop .
1	As she was driving she spilled coffee on her white shirt .	Beth had a huge interview .	She did not have time to change .	Beth went in her interview with a stained shirt and laughed it off .	She still got the job .
4	Tom fixed the doll 's arm and gave it back to Alice .	Tom wanted to tease his little sister Alice .	Tom ran up to Alice and tried to steal her doll .	When he grabbed at the doll the doll 's arm fell off .	Alice began to cry which made Tom feel horrible .
0	Luke needed money .	Luke decided to rob a convenience store .	He was arrested by the police for robbery .	Luke spent 1 year in prison .	Luke was very happy when he was free .
3	But she purchased the slippers because they were so affordable .	Amy was shopping for new slippers	There was a pair of tiger print slippers on clearance .	Amy disliked animal printed items .	Amy ended up wearing the slippers until the sole fell out .
4	She had to repair them .	Allie was wearing her favorite jeans .	She wore them everywhere .	Unfortunately they started to rip .	Allie was disappointed .
2	He would practice almost every day .	Sam just joined a band .	He 's their new drummer .	Eventually his neighbors complained about the noise .	Sam had to go elsewhere to practice but kept doing so .
4	It turned out perfectly !	Sue was going to cook lasagna .	She had never done it before .	She bought all the ingredients .	She followed the recipe .
2	Howard topic is solar energy .	Howard has been gearing up for the annual debate .	Each student must sound off on their topic of expertise .	The day of the debate he lost his cue cards .	Fortunately enough he was skilled in his topic he won the debate .
1	She decided to spend her holidays make others happy .	Sally was sad that she had no one to spend Christmas with .	She went shopping and purchased a bunch of different toys .	On Christmas day she went to the children 's home .	She gave out the presents to the kids and had the best Christmas ever .
4	She finishes with a lonely sigh , pining for her recently dead mom .	Jesse leans against the plain wooden foot board of her bed .	She strums her shiny black acoustic guitar wistfully .	A capo on the second fret helps her reach a key she can use .	Jesse sings of a place over the rainbow to her empty room .
1	He saw the flyer for the audition and wanted to try it .	Frank had never been in a band before .	He showed up with his guitar ready to play .	Frank played the guitar amazingly well .	Everyone agreed that he was the best .
3	She quickly yanked the stick out instead of slowly pulling .	Dan was teaching his daughter to check her oil in her car .	She watched as he did it once .	She then attempted herself .	Dan laughed as oil splashed all over her face and clothes .
2	Medical experts ran out to aid him .	Darren played football all day long .	Darren fainted on the field suddenly .	Darren was diagnosed as dehydrated .	Darren got an IV at the hospital .
4	Jimmy bought the pants he wanted .	Jimmy needed a new pair of pants .	The pair he wanted was twenty dollars .	Jimmy mowed lawns for money .	He saved up twenty dollars .
4	Alice is happy to have a baby .	Alice has always wanted to be a mother .	She meets a man and they fall in love .	She tells him she has always wanted a baby .	He says he has too .
1	First , I put on my wedding dress .	I woke up happy and excited .	I put on my makeup .	Then I met my fiancee at the lawyer 's office .	I married my fiance in front of my family .
2	So he decided to create his own photography album .	Cam wanted to be a photographer for the high school yearbook .	But try as he might , he just could n't seem to get on the paper 's club !	He snapped shots of all his classmates at work and at play .	And at graduation , he distributed his own homemade photo album to all !
0	Ana made a living out of lying to friends .	She always thought she was getting what she wanted from lying .	What Ana did n't know was that others knew of her ways .	One day , And was stranded , and really needed help .	The friend she needed most , lied to her , and left her alone .
3	He brought it home and began installing it .	Carl wanted a computer badly .	He worked for months .	After saving up all of his money Carl bought a computer .	Carl spilled water on his computer and broke it , making him sad .
1	She was feeling lonely so she went to the shelter to adopt a puppy .	Allison moved to her first apartment this week .	She found a brown dog with white ears that she loved .	She brought the puppy home and named him Bobo .	Allison and Bobo are now best friends !
3	She walked toward them to catch up with them .	Jill was walking down the beach .	She was feeling very hot walking under the sun .	Jill saw two of her friends walk along the other side .	Her two friends greeted her as she approached them .
1	Once it was deposited into his bank account he started spending it .	Leroy was excited to get his paycheck .	He paid off some bills .	Then he paid for some necessities .	Before he knew it Leroy 's paycheck was gone .
0	Ivy 's friends dared her to go into the old haunted house in town .	Ivy was afraid , but she did n't want to show it .	Laughing nervously , she said she would go .	They watched as she crept in through the broken window .	Ivy felt good that she had proved how valiant she was !
3	Eventually , his teacher made him stand by the tissue box .	Tom was sick .	But his parents forced him to go to school .	During class , he frequently got up to blow his nose .	Tom was angry his parents made him attend school .
3	Then they got straight to work and fit it all together .	The boys had been watching birds all month .	Finally they decided to build a bird house .	They collected some wood , nails , and a couple hammers .	Finally they hung it and stood back to admire their project .
0	Jo loved his smart phone very much .	It kept all sorts of important information that he used regularly .	When it was raining , Jo dropped his phone in a puddle !	It would n't turn on anymore , so Joe took it to the store .	They had to give Jo a new phone , but luckily restored all his data .
3	He called his mom and she met him .	Mike had to go to the doctor .	He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work .	He did not want to go by himself .	All the blood work came back clear and he was relieved .
1	He powered it up .	Ben took his ATV to the beach .	Then he began riding .	He coasted over the sand dunes .	He had a great time riding his ATV !
3	He doubled down and won !	He was a lucky fool at blackjack .	Three times in a row he had doubled down and been correct .	If he doubled down one more time he would be set for life .	By the end of the night he 'd lost it all at roulette .
2	But he was a homeless man .	Charles hated living in a sober living home .	He was never a drug addict !	One morning , he noticed a pair of his underwear and socks missing .	Then his roommate walked in wearing Charles ' undergarments .
3	After hours of searching , they could n't find it .	Mike lost his favorite golf ball yesterday .	Mike and John are going back to the golf course today to find it .	They looked in the woods of where it went out .	They went into the clubhouse to get water , and saw the golf ball !
4	Lisa finally auditioned and was accepted to the cheerleading team .	Lisa wanted to join the cheerleading team .	But , she was in poor shape .	Lisa decided to train so she could join the team .	She trained for nine months .
1	He walks in the meeting place .	Derek has an interview for a job .	He is noticeably nervous	He messes up during it .	He does n't get the job .
1	They had drinks together and played several games .	Timmy met up with his kids at the park .	An hour later , it started to rain .	Everyone packed up and left .	The park became closed .
1	He knows that worst case he gets told to lay down .	My dog , Chaz , knows not to beg .	Best case scenario begging will get him something .	He is rewarded when he does n't beg .	He feels better when begging .
2	I finally could not hold it and I blinked first .	Michael and I had a staring contest .	It was a battle that lasted thirty four seconds .	Michael always beats me but I am competitive .	I practice by staring into a mirror so I can beat Michael .
3	The hospital reimbursed me for a new one .	I bought a netbook in 2010 .	It was smaller than a laptop .	It was broken by hospital staff during a stay there .	I still use the netbook , despite smartphones and tablets .
1	I went to a restaurant and asked another what I should have .	A group of us traveled to Portugal one summer .	He suggested the pork , so I ordered it .	Not able to recognize what was on my plate , I asked the server .	From what I gathered , I had all of the pig 's organs on my plate .
1	She bought herself a coffee maker .	Mary was tired of not being able to wake up in the mornings .	She started to drink coffee .	The caffeine helped her stay awake in the mornings .	She was able to be more productive throughout her day .
4	The following morning , they left .	Helen 's grandparents were coming up for a visit .	They arrived in the morning and spent the day catching up .	The next day , the went out and enjoyed some scenic areas .	That evening , they made a huge dinner .
0	Sue made a caramel cake .	She followed the recipe .	She iced the cake when it cooled .	It looked great .	It tasted even better .
4	Joe had a tasty , healthy breakfast of apples and bananas !	Joe was running late for school .	He did n't have time to cook himself a proper breakfast .	He hurriedly cast about for a portable meal .	Then his eye landed on the fruit bowl .
0	Tina and her friends went out to play archery .	They got by the target and started shooting .	Kelly got a bullseye with her arrow .	Everyone was impressed .	Tina was disappointed she did n't score anything .
4	He decided to go watch a love movie by himself .	Eli and his friends were watching an action movie .	But Eli quickly got bored .	After the movie , his friends were praising it .	But Eli did n't seem to care .
0	Art had been sick with the flu for weeks .	He decided to try to cure himself instead of waiting it out .	He starved his fever , but that just made him weak .	Then he tried prescription remedies , but they did n't work .	Then he discovered the real cure : homemade chicken soup and tea !
1	One day , Lucy gets out of the backyard by digging under the fence .	Sarah loves her dog Lucy very much .	Sarah is very worried .	She searches the neighborhood calling for Lucy .	Sarah finds Lucy safe at one of her neighbors houses .
1	He made lots of food .	Bob was throwing a party .	However he could n't find the chips .	He looked everywhere .	He finally found them chewed up by the dog 's dish .
3	She instantly felt better and her stomach settled .	Yvette went to law school to become a lawyer .	On her first case , she became really anxious .	Yvette took effective medicine from a leading pharmaceutical company .	Yvette tried her first case with flying colors .
2	Several weeks passed without reply , and John grew despondent .	John had aspired to attend Harvard Law School since he was a child .	Upon completing his undergraduate degree , he anxiously applied .	When the response finally arrived , Jon frantically tore it open .	He grinned from ear to ear as he read his formal acceptance letter .
4	I realized I did n't want a pet monkey anymore .	I went to the zoo .	I saw some monkeys .	I wished I had a pet monkey .	Then I saw a monkey attack another monkey .
0	May wanted to give her mother a beautiful bouquet of flowers .	She searched all over the house and could n't find any .	She went out to the yard and there were none .	She finally decided to draw a bouquet for her mom .	Her mother broke down crying at the reception of the gift .
2	There was a hole in his kayak !	Bob was rafting with his friends .	His kayak started to leak water .	Bob swam out of the river .	He patched up his kayak with some tape .
0	I used to burn my own cds using recording equipment .	I searched online for the music I wanted to add to the cd .	I added the songs to a computer generated list .	I pressed the record button .	It took five minutes to make the music cd .
2	They were given instructions not to stare directly .	Tammy was excited to see the eclipse with her class .	Her teacher gave everyone glasses .	Tammy was too excited and did it anyway .	She turned blind .
2	She tried to set a record at the local bar .	Michelle liked to eat chicken wings .	It was her favorite food .	And ended up eating 5 pounds of wings .	She was very sick the next day .
1	After 2 weeks at her grandma 's house she was tired of Illinois .	Gina was hopeful they would be going home soon .	She was waiting for her father to return to pick them up .	And today he had finally come back .	Gina was secretly hopeful this was the day they were going back home .
1	She saw some cops putting kids in a car .	Gina was heading to the store .	She wanted to know what they had done .	The kids were accused of throwing rocks from the roof of a building .	In the backseat was Gina 's brother Ryan .
3	He was glad she was his wife , though .	When growing up , most girls did not like him .	However , one girl did like him and she was now his wife .	He never knew why she liked him .	He never wanted to let her go .
2	If he could face his final , they would get a new TV .	Jack really wanted a new TV in his room .	His parents agreed to make a deal with him .	He worked as hard as he could on the test .	He did pass and he got the new TV .
3	The competition was tough .	Tina decided to be in a cooking competition .	She wanted to show off her cooking skills .	When she went to the competition , she made a pie .	Yet Tina came out with a medal .
2	Jane found a perfect new car at the dealer .	Jane needed a new car .	Her old car had started to have mechanical problems .	The dealer provided Jane with a loan .	Jane drove off in her new car .
2	The hippos were very hungry .	My family went on a safari in Africa .	We saw hippos .	The hippos ate everything they could find .	The hippos were not hungry anymore .
3	I loved painting each nail differently for the style .	Yesterday I had some fun with nail polish .	I painted each nail a different color .	It was quite fun .	When it dried I took a photo .
4	But after that game he got hustled for money .	Craig went to the bar every week to play darts .	He thought he was the best at it .	One day someone challenged him to a game .	He accepted and quickly beat him .
2	He opened the box .	Mike was hungry .	There was leftover pizza on the table .	There was a bug on the pizza .	Mike chased it away and ate the pizza anyway .
3	It scared her being up there alone all that time .	Sara went to the fair .	She loves it and goes every year .	This year , she got stuck for over an hour on the Sky Line .	Sara did n't go back to the fair for the rest of this year .
2	When it came time for her to go on stage , she went out and danced .	Abbey had a role in a Peter Pan ballet .	Backstage , her older sister helped her do her hair and makeup .	Then , she had to wait for the rest of the ballet to end .	When it was over , her family gave her flowers .
2	At the library , John saw one of his professors .	It was halfway through the semester , and John was failing his classes .	He decided to go to the library and study .	John pretended not to see him , and started studying .	The professor walked past and said that he was glad to see John trying
3	He went to great effort to throw her an elaborate surprise party .	Mandy warned her boyfriend , Dave , that she hated surprise parties .	Dave thought she was sending him a message in code .	He was confident she was hinting that she desired such a birthday .	Initially angry , Mandy calmed down when she saw how hard he 'd worked .
1	She never really kept track of how far she was going .	Angie loved to run .	Her brother gave her a tracking watch for her birthday .	She tried it out the next day on a normal run .	She was surprised to find her normal run was 13 miles !
2	But when she bit into it , her face twisted .	Maya picked an apple from the tree .	She was hungry and wanted a snack .	She had bitten right into a slimy worm !	Maya spit it out , disgusted .
0	Kelsi went to the local animal shelter to help out .	She ended up falling in love with a kitten .	The kitten was cute and very tiny .	She immediately picked up and took it home .	Kelsi named the cat marshmallow .
2	After the show , he waited outside for 3 hours .	Bradley was at a show .	He wanted to meet the band after .	He ended up seeing the band .	He got all of their signatures .
1	She put her head in his lap and whimpered .	Adam was sitting at his desk when his dog Tuie came up to him .	He reached down to pet her .	She wagged her tail happily and started to lick his hand .	He kept petting her because it made her stop whimpering .
4	It has been 50 days , and Zach is still working out everyday !	Zach is trying to create some new habits .	It is very hard , and he ca n't stick to them everyday .	So , instead of doing a lot of habits , he chooses one .	Zach is working on his habit of working out everyday .
1	It was caused by his addiction to chocolate .	Joe had a weight problem .	He could n't resist chocolate cake or candy .	He finally found a solution to his problem .	He bought chocolate-flavored protein powder .
0	Martha was just getting home from work .	She went upstairs when she noticed her door was open .	She peeked inside and saw her husband kissing some girl .	She burst in and confronted him .	He apologized but she left him anyways .
2	Jack ran home and told his dad all about the puppy .	Jack went to the pet store after school .	He fell in love with a white Labrador retriever in the window .	His dad told him that he could n't get the puppy .	Jack was so sad he cried himself to sleep .
2	The second day , I started to feel sicker and sicker .	I went to Camp as a child .	I was having fun when I first got there .	Also , a girl fell off a slide and busted her head open bloody .	I was so freaked out , I called my mom to come get me .
1	They went into a room with a special aquarium tank .	Anita 's mother took her to the zoo .	It was designed so kids could gently touch aquatic creatures .	Anita was allowed to touch a sea anemone !	It was a great day that Anita would remember forever .
3	After finding her own home she went to the shelter and found a kitten .	Jasmine wanted a cat since she was a little girl .	Jasmine 's mother is allergic to cats , so she could never have one .	Jasmine waited 20 long years until she finally moved out .	She brought the kitten home , named her Nikai , and loved her every day .
1	She went to the animal shelter with her parents .	Miley wanted a pet .	She really wanted a cat .	She looked at all the cats .	She got the cat with black stripes .
4	My wife said she would never buy a Kia again .	We bought a Kia in 1999 .	We bought a new Sephia for $ 9000 .	It was not a bad car .	We had several warranty issues about the horn and radio .
2	He rushed back to the library , but when he arrived it was closed .	Jimbo went to the library to do homework .	When he got home , he could n't find his wallet .	He could n't sleep very well because he was worried about his wallet .	He was very relieved the next morning to get his wallet back .
4	Ronnie got caught by the cashier and he got in big trouble afterwards .	Ronnie was hanging out with his friends after school .	They all decided to go to 7-11 to buy some snacks .	Ronnie realized that he had used all of his allowance already .	Ronnie decided to steal a candy bar from the store .
3	He writes his idea .	Nick has writer 's block .	He tries several ideas for a story .	He finally likes an idea .	Nick is pleased with his results .
3	Unfortunately , he was in a desert so there was no water .	Sam decided to hike through the Atacama Desert .	He packed a backpack and set out to the Desert .	After four days of hiking he ran out of water .	Sam died of dehydration .
1	Then , the day came for Sandy to go off to college .	Sandy 's family ate popcorn in front of the TV each evening .	Within a week , Sandy felt miserably homesick .	She called her mom , who said a care package was on the way .	Sandy opened the care package to find a popcorn maker .
0	Jimmy worked for weeks on a sculpture .	He was very proud of the way it had turned out .	On the way to school he dropped it on the sidewalk !	Fearing the worst , he pulled it out of the bag .	Jimmy sighed in relief when he saw nothing had been broken .
3	Gina would need to share a room with her sisters in this house .	Gina 's parents had been house hunting .	Gina had already seen one of the homes .	Her parents brought them to see another house .	She was not excited about moving back in with her sisters .
2	The book is about an American woman fighting an Iranian immigrant .	I just read The House of Sand and Fog .	I read it because it was mentioned in my local newspaper .	The immigrant bought the woman 's house under odd circumstances .	The ending was very sad , with three deaths and two jail sentences .
3	He packed his bags , loaded up his truck , and started driving west .	Chung had become frustrated with his daily life .	He felt like he worked a soulless job , at a faceless corporation .	One day , he decided he had had enough .	No matter what he found , he was sure he would be happier than before .
4	But when he got home , there they were , happy and healthy as always !	Bee was nervous to go on vacation .	He had a big aquarium and he was worried about his fish .	He put the vacation feeder in the tank and left , still worried .	The whole trip , he fretted about his fish .
3	He asked his parents if he could join .	Thad was used to being alone as single child in his household .	He longed to have friends .	One day while walking home from school he saw a boy scout poster .	Thad now has plenty of friends in the boy scouts .
1	She was at a shop trying to find a wetsuit .	Kelsey was about to go surfing .	She kept trying them on , but none of them fit .	Finally she settled for one that was slightly big .	Luckily , it did n't get in the way of her surfing .
2	Bev went to the store to buy some glass cleaner and a microcloth .	Bev was startled by a spider on her monitor .	When she looked closer , she saw it was only heavy dust .	She sprayed her monitor until it was very wet .	Bev vigorously scrubbed her screen until it was clean .
2	They had fun going to the store to buy tickets .	Tom and his friend spent a lot of time together .	This included buying lotto tickets often .	They mostly enjoyed the drive as well .	Tom eventually won one thousand dollars in the lottery .
3	Ida loved the song on the radio so she waited for it to end .	Ida was getting ready to go out with her friends .	She shut off all the lights in her house and walked to the door .	Her radio was still on so she walked over to shut it off .	After the song finished , she turned off the radio and left .
4	He really wanted that free steak dinner !	Ed and Don had been training together for a 5K .	Ed bet a steak dinner that he would beat Don .	On the day of the race they were neck in neck .	Just yards from the finish line Don took off .
2	She looked up to see a bus speeding towards her .	Gina had finally gained traction on the icy hill .	She was almost onto the main street .	She could n't stop now because she was finally up the hill .	At the last moment she turned onto the shoulder and missed the bus .
1	The movie was rated R .	When I was sixteen I took my girlfriend Jane , who was 18 , to a movie .	When I bought Jane 's ticket , she slipped inside the theater door .	The ticket guy said I could n't get in without a guardian , being 16 .	I was humiliated , and never went to the movies with Jane after that .
1	They hit it off from day one on an online video game .	Tina met a boy over the internet .	The talked to each other every day until they could finally meet .	She was nervous about the in person meeting .	He ended up being even more perfect in person to Tina .
2	The mailman delivered our mail in the box by the street .	One morning I left early for work .	I turned on the water sprinkler to give the grass a good drink .	When I got home I went out to see what he had delivered .	Much to my surprise the box had a leak and all the mail was wet !
3	She checked the timer and ten minutes had passed .	Sparkle was getting too many rejections from OCMP 75 hits on mturk .	She decided to write short stories instead .	She wrote one as quick as she could .	Sparkles decided to quit talking and watch tv instead .
1	Everyone was having a good time until my friend spilled his drink .	My friends and I were playing the playstation inside the house .	The juice feel on the floor and soaked the play-station .	The system short-circuited and could n't turn on again .	Unfortunately , we had to throw the system away .
1	His roommate did n't like it .	Dan bought a new poster for his dorm room .	Sam kept it up anyway .	One night his roommate drunkenly took it down .	Sam found it in the dumpster and put it back up .
1	She was so nervous and uneasy .	LeTosh was about to be in a reality show .	On set , the producers flirted with her and touched her waist .	She tried to act her role , but was bothered by the producers .	She decided to have dignity , quit the job and left the set .
4	They had room service and spent a romantic night in the hotel room .	Susan was n't enjoying her honeymoon in Las Vegas .	She was bored because did n't like to gamble or drink .	Her new husband realized something was bothering his bride .	He cancelled their plans for the evening , which cheered her up .
1	He mingled and schmoozed all day .	A man went to a business function .	He handed out business cards to everyone he met .	When he got home , though , he was mortified .	His fly was open and his shirt misbuttoned .
2	Daytona is the biggest race in the country .	William likes to race cars for a living .	When William was young he dreamed of winning Daytona .	William practiced for eight weeks straight .	He won Daytona with two laps to spare .
2	First , he stayed in a business class hotel .	John always wanted to see New York .	After one year of working as a cop , he planned his trip .	He went downtown , ate pizza and saw a Broadway show .	Then he spent a week in Harlem studying and admiring art .
1	When they arrived , he was quiet and timid , sitting silently .	George 's bus picked him up at 8 for his first day of school .	At recess , he did not play with anybody .	But later , at puzzle time , a little girl named Sara befriended him .	By the end of the day , they were inseparable !
2	Her dog ran into the woods .	Jill was walking her dog .	Her dog came loose from the leash .	Jill chased after her dog .	Her dog returned to her with a dead bird in its mouth .
3	They parked at a nearby store , and everyone hurried into the basement .	Kay and her mom were driving home from the Mall .	Kay looked out the window , and saw a cyclone in the distance .	She shouted at her mom that they needed to get off the road .	The cyclone destroyed many buildings , but Kay and her mom were safe .
3	When I got the post office , I went to the counter .	I woke up one morning and got dressed .	I had a package in the mail at the post office .	I walked down the street for 20 minutes .	I was greeted and given a brown box .
1	I was shopping in the supermarket for avocados .	It 's sort of odd how I became the gangster 's bodyguard .	I made some random remark about Italian cuisine .	The gangster laughed and told me I was funny .	Now he expects me to take a bullet for him .
1	He dropped some of the sauce on the ground near him .	In the restaurant kitchen , one of the cooks was making sauce .	Another cook walked by and slipped on the soup .	The cook fell into a pile of flour sacks .	When he got up he looked like a ghost .
4	The hours just flew by .	After an exhausting day of classes Becky went down to the library .	To her delight her favorite comfy chair was right to be found .	As she sat down , she took her iPad out and watched a movie .	She felt so relaxed after a long day .
2	Tess had always like gadgets , Jane remembered .	Jane did not know which gift to get for her best friend .	She had in her hand a curling iron and a electric toothbrush .	Jane put down the curling iron and went to the register .	Jane purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend .
2	But John blocked it with malice .	James challenged John to game of basketball .	James shot the ball thinking he 'd make it .	John took his shot and made it with a grin .	James walked home sadly .
1	He studied as much about them as he could .	Ethan was interested in crop circles .	He was determined to figure out what caused them .	But after years of studying , he had no answers .	Ethan decided crop circles would always be a mystery .
1	This was her first time being out of the country .	Linda was going on a trip to England from The United States .	She had to go to the post office and order her passport .	Linda waited for eight weeks but still had n't received her passport .	The day before her flight , her passport finally arrived !
3	I heard through the grapevine that they closed .	There was a sport bar near my house that I loved to go to .	I would go with my basketball team after we would win a game .	We would go about ten times every season .	Now we 'll have to find a new place to go to .
0	Gina 's mom thought Gina lost her phone .	She had texted her to get milk at a test .	Gina had the phone , and picked up the milk .	Her mother stared at her when she handed her the milk .	Gina smiled as she walked to her room happy to have avoided the trap .
3	She memorized all the songs they had written .	Kristy loves to sing and play the guitar .	She taught herself how to do both very well .	She was asked to join a garage band with some kids from school .	She now is the lead guitarist and lead vocals for this band .
1	But his friends said pit bulls were very violent dogs .	Rod loved a pit bull at the shelter .	They advised Rod not to adopt it .	Rod decided to adopt it anyways .	He was glad he did , because his pit was n't violent at all !
1	She started climbing the cliff .	Alicia went rock climbing .	Fear engulfed her .	She was afraid she would fall .	Thankfully she made it safe ,
2	Jenny pulled her blanket tighter around her , fearing the worst .	Jenny had never heard the wind blow this strongly before .	The windows rattled and the house shook .	In the morning , she looked outside , and her fears were confirmed .	The old tree near the street had toppled over during the night .
3	But her mom talked her into going .	Kate was invited on a camping trip with her friends .	But she was afraid of bugs and bears !	She considered declining the invitation .	Kate went and ended up having a wonderful time !
3	One time he completely lost his voice for two days .	I have read that cats only meow to communicate with humans .	My cat Pete must have a lot to say to us .	He can be very annoying and loud at times .	We were secretly hoping he would not get it back .
3	The house sold , and Lisa moved to a little cottage by the bay .	Lisa was in an unhappy marriage .	One day , she decided that she would leave her husband .	She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale .	Lisa was happy and felt that she made the right choice .
2	Kyle learned that his promotion was given to the new hire .	Kyle worked at his store for a while and was waiting for a promotion .	He was happily working until he was introduced to a new hire .	He smiled and pretended everything was fine .	Later that week Kyle quit his job and started freelancing .
4	Mike decided to go back to writing , and said sorry to his fans .	Mike was a successful writer , but had gotten sick of writing .	He spoke to the press about quitting writing and then went home .	Mike went home and decided to try to do something else .	He soon realized that not writing left a hole in his heart .
4	Dina was finally able to purchase the puppy she desired .	Dina wanted a new puppy .	She spoke with several breeders but they charged too much .	Dina searched online for the puppy she desired .	She found a reasonable breeder near her .
4	Dirt particles from the cloth had rubbed against his car 's paint job .	Jimmy was washing his car .	He accidentally dropped his wash cloth on the ground .	He did n't rinse it off and continued washing his car .	After rinsing his car , Jimmy noticed lots of little scratches .
4	Abby took a slice of the chocolate cake and fell into heaven .	Abby was excited for her sweet 16 birthday party at the hotel .	She got all her friends together and they got a suite at the hotel .	Abby and her friends got together in the room and watched a movie .	The concierge then brought the cake upstairs for the girls to enjoy .
1	He packed sandwiches and chips .	Josh decided to go for a picnic .	At the picnic spot , he decided to rest a bit before eating .	Unfortunately , while he rested some ants got into the picnic basket .	The ants started eating the food and Josh had to go hungry !
4	I had to buy a new one .	I had to get something on top of the cabinet .	I stepped on the chair and placed one foot on the Stove .	My hand accidentally hit a bowl .	It fell and cracked the Stove .
1	He found exactly the brand he was looking for .	Todd went to the supermarket to buy some cookies .	Todd brought the cookies to the register .	He reached into his pocket and discovered his wallet was missing .	Tom quickly realized he had left his wallet at home .
4	After her shower Lucy felt more like her old self .	Lucy was sulking around the house in dirty sweats .	She was depressed and did n't care to bathe .	After a week she began to feel better .	She decided to take a shower .
1	However , no one would hire someone with no experience .	Tim was looking for a job .	Tim decided to get an internship working for free .	He worked very hard .	At the end of the internship he gained tons of experience .
0	Eve was walking home from the grocery store .	She did n't have a car so she was carrying her groceries .	Then she ran into her neighbor .	Her neighbor offered her a ride .	Eve thanked her and obliged .
0	David seen a job ad while on the school computer .	He filled out the application and submitted it .	Later that day , He is called by HR to come in for a interview tomorrow .	Next day , David goes to his job interview which last 20 minutes .	After the interview , the company offered him the job and he accepted .
2	Fred teaches Lorraine all the rules of chess .	Lorraine has always wanted to learn how to play chess .	She asks her older brother Fred to teach her how to play .	Afterwards , Lorraine and Fred play a game of chess .	Although she loses her first game , Lorraine is happy she can play .
3	She could n't find them !	Mary was feeling energetic .	She decided to go on a run .	She searched her house for her running shoes .	She finally found her running shoes in her pile of laundry .
2	After looking online , he downloaded the Duolingo app to use .	Pat wanted to learn to speak Spanish .	He decided to look into different ways to learn .	Pat started picking up on simple words and phrases .	After a few weeks he became slightly fluent in speaking .
0	One day Lola found a wagon in the middle of the block .	She went to retrieve it .	Inside the wagon was an envelope .	The envelope contained a letter .	It said `` The first person to find this wagon can keep it . ''
4	Randy got stitches in his head and his bike taken away .	Randy got a new bicycle and helmet for his birthday .	His mom told him he had to wear the helmet if he rode .	He did not like the helmet so he did not put it on .	He crashed the bike into a big oak tree .
4	His parents got angry and grounded him for being irresponsible .	Bob wanted a parrot .	His parents decided to get him one .	Bob realized that a parrot was hard work .	He decided to sell the parrot .
2	I put on the cutest scrubs I could and took a deep breath .	I was very nervous to start my job as a CNA .	I could barely sleep the night before my first day .	I walked into the job with confidence and everyone thought I was cute .	I made friends quickly and I found myself loving my new job .
3	Nick was late getting to the bar , which made Anna upset .	Nick decided to go on a blind date with Anna .	He sent Anna his picture so she would know who she was meeting .	They decided to meet at a bar the following night .	Anna decided she was not interested in Nick , and left .
3	I bought everything I needed from home using Walmart 's website .	It was one week before Christmas .	I was nine months pregnant and did n't want to walk around stores .	However I needed to do some shopping .	The items were shipped to my local store for free and I was happy .
0	Kelly needed to get a new pair of headphones .	She had earbuds but needed new ones .	She searched everywhere for the perfect pair .	Finally she found a pair .	When she tried them on they were great .
1	He needed to sell his new product .	Tim was trying to think of a jingle .	He refused to let anyone help .	Tim thought hard , but could n't think of anything .	Finally , he decided to let his friends help him .
4	Ellie decided to stick to potato farming in the future .	Ellie lived on a potato farm .	One year she decided to farm lettuce too .	The potatoes grew very well .	The lettuce did not grow at all .
1	Since i was demotivated , I wanted to drop out of the class .	I received poor test results from the last exam .	The professor was irritated when he heard that .	He told me to fight as much as you can to pass .	Taking his advice into consideration , I decided to cheer up .
0	Jake was failing his Spanish class .	Jake had not done his homework for that particular class in weeks .	He asked if he could make up his missing assignments after class .	His professor agreed to accept his assignments with a late penalty .	Jake made up his assignments and passed the class .
3	Rich sang along to every song .	Rich and his friends went to see Garth Brooks in concert .	There were so many people at the concert .	They got some drinks and found their seats .	He thought it was the best concert ever .
0	Jack and Diane has been together for 3 years .	Jack met someone else .	He broke up with Diane .	Jack began dating Elizabeth .	Jack proposed to Elizabeth 6 months later .
1	I shot up from the bed , fumbling for the bedside lamp .	I was awakened one night by a creaking floor board .	I clicked the lamp but the light did n't turn on .	I heard the creak again .	Suddenly I heard laughing , but it was the cackle of my little brother .
2	John 's friend said that not all reading material was beneficial .	John 's friend told him that reading would make him smarter .	John asked if reading any material would be effective .	John decided to study the works of the greatest leaders of all time .	John felt smarter after studying the works of those leaders .
3	We had them filet it and prepare it for us .	When we were younger we went to Cape Cod .	We went out on a boat to go deep sea fishing .	Even though I was only seven years old , I caught a huge flounder .	It was so delicious when we took it home to be cooked .
4	They both laughed for a while and crammed extra hard .	Michelle had a big test on Friday .	She thought she studied hard all week for it .	Her and a friend got together the night before to cram .	Michelle was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong book .
4	At the end of the concert , Betty had a better appreciation for Bach .	When John asked Betty to go to a concert , she was excited .	They now stood in line to enter the concert hall .	Betty was nervous as she had never attended a classical music concert .	Both she and John were dressed in formal wear .
2	When she arrived , Alice had on the same purple dress !	Janice wore her favorite purple dress to school .	She was excited to be the only girl with a fancy purple dress .	At first , Janice was angry .	Then , she decided she and Alice could be twins !
2	Eventually , Gary challenged his dad to a game of 1 on 1 .	Gary is very good at basketball , but his dad is better .	So Gary practiced every single day so he could beat his dad .	His dad was shocked how much better Gary got !	Gary ended up beating his dad by 1 point , and is now better than him .
2	We spent hours looking up at the stars .	One night the kids wanted to sleep on the back porch .	We laid our sleeping bags and pillows .	Becca was so excited to see a shooting star .	The night was calm and quiet .
0	Chad played his flute in the talent show .	He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy .	But then they announced that he 'd won second place .	Chad saw that second prize was a shiny medal .	He decided he was okay with second place after all !
3	Randy was too tired to do the dishes again .	Randy spent almost an hour cleaning all the dishes at his house .	He was glad to see his kitchen finally cleaned .	But when he and his family had dinner , the kitchen became a mess .	And nobody else wanted to help .
1	They wake me up each day to let me know they want to eat breakfast .	I have two adorable cats .	If I do n't get out of bed quickly , they stand on my body and meow .	When I finally get out of bed they run to the kitchen .	I meet them in the kitchen and feed them tuna .
3	He found a perfect one for a cheap price .	Robert wanted a good computer .	He searched endlessly for a good one .	He decided to go to a computer store at the side of town .	Robert ended up downloading hundreds of games on his new computer .
1	He noticed he had run out of dog food .	Mike 's dog was hungry .	Mike left to the store to buy dog food .	Mike paid 20 dollars for a bag of dog food at the store .	He fed his dog when he got home and it was happy .
4	Now she wonders why she gets so worked up .	The young woman was worried sick about her interview	She stayed up all night dreading the interview .	The next day , it took all her courage to be interviewed .	She did very well and was offered a position .
0	Charles and his son went to the zoo .	His son was very fond of monkeys .	The went to the monkey enclosure at the zoo .	His son mocked , and ran along side the enclosure with the monkeys .	His son had such a good time he fell asleep smiling on the ride home .
4	Bryan felt annoyed but was glad he could continue running .	Bryan was running and realized his shoe had ripped .	Bryan was forced to go home and get his spare shoes .	He then drove to the nearest big 5 sporting goods , and bought shoes .	With his new running shoes , he went out to run again .
1	He took a taxi to the train station .	David packed a small rucksack with his belongings .	He boarded a train bound for Albuquerque .	In the middle of the night , he arrived .	Laura was waiting with a small suitcase of her own .
0	Billy hates doing homework .	His grades began to plummet .	Billy 's mom hired a tutor for her son .	The tutor made learning fun for Billy .	Billy now does his homework everyday .
4	She could n't wait to buy the new album .	Abby was invited to a Taylor swift concert .	She was very excited to attend .	As soon as she went it was packed .	Abby had fun with all the songs .
1	He was practicing shooting 3 pointers .	Larry was playing basketball .	His basketball landed in the river as he attempted a shot .	Larry raced after his basketball .	The river carried his basketball all the way down the stream .
2	Terry was riding one day and felt both wheels lose traction .	Terry was an avid motorcycle rider .	He loved his bike very much .	Terry looked at his tires and saw they had little tread .	Terry promptly bought new tires for his motorcycle .
1	She is always very well-kept .	Elizabeth is a very proper woman .	One day she was walking into a store and saw a puddle .	She tried to walk around the puddle but lost her balance .	Elizabeth fell over and landed right in the puddle , getting muddy .
1	While at the party she realized while pretty , her shoes hurt her feet .	Amy wore her favorite shoes to her birthday party .	Amy decided to sit in a corner and take of her shoes for awhile .	Amy put her shoes on the side of her chair .	Amy was shocked when her shoes were stolen .
4	He was laying in a puddle of his own blood .	Jones exercised every night .	One night he did it a little bit too much .	He ended up passing out .	He woke up hours later .
3	But soon her stomach was cramping horribly !	Tia was hiking one day .	She suddenly grew very thirsty .	Her water jug was empty , so she drank from a nearby stream .	Tia realized she should n't have drank the untreated water .
3	A paleontologist came and excavated a mammoth 's bone .	A farmer was plowing his field when his plow hit something .	The farmer thought he had hit a rock , so he needed to dig it out .	When he started digging , he found that it was a big bone .	The farmer donated the mammoth bone to a university museum .
0	Jordan was looking for a new apartment .	He checked online and in the local paper for openings .	He met with Melissa and looked at her available properties .	He found one that he really liked !	Jordan signed the lease for the new apartment .
4	Ana made sand shapes until it was time to leave , and she was happy .	Ana was only one year old , and she wore a tiny green swimsuit .	Her mother sat In on the sand and gave her a toy shovel	`` Look , And , '' her mother said , and pointed down at the sand .	Ana dug in the sand , and found that the sand would pile into shapes .
1	Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes .	Amy was at her mother 's house for the weekend .	Amy sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids .	Amy realized they had ridden farther than she said they could	They were upset when she told them to put the bikes up and go inside .
2	The ticket agent said the show was sold out .	Jess wanted to see the musical Hamilton .	She called the box office to purchase tickets .	Jess found tickets available on craigslist .	Jess saw Hamilton and loved it .
0	I just got braces .	The orthodontist told me not to chew gum .	I did n't care to listen to her .	I chewed gum .	It got stuck in my braces and I had to pay to fix the damages .
2	At lunch time she went to get the food .	Lisa was planning on eating leftovers for lunch .	All morning she was looking forward to her food .	She realized that it had all gone bad .	She reluctantly threw the food out .
0	Jim went to the beach .	He put his wallet in his swim trunks .	His sister threw him in the water .	His wallet fell out and got lost .	Jim was angry at his sister .
2	Bella was patient and well-behaved the entire time .	Bella went to the store with her mom .	She sat in the cart while they shopped .	Her mother decided she deserved to be rewarded for her behavior .	Bella was surprised with a new doll .
2	Maurice prepares oatmeal for breakfast .	Maurice is looking for something good to make for breakfast .	He loves eating bacon but he knows that it is unhealthy .	He spits out the first bite , wishing for bacon .	Maurice decides to cook a pan of bacon instead .
4	Petra was happy that the hairstylist could fix her hair .	Petra did n't like her red hair .	She decided to bleach her hair on her own .	Instead of a nice blonde her hair turned out orange .	She called the hairsalon to make an appointment for the next day .
4	They randomly sent a new phone case to my house for free !	I called the Otterbox company about my broken phone case .	I made my call after work Monday night .	No one answered my phone call .	I waited a week for a call back .
0	The ant hill near the maple tree geared up for an attack .	The queen ant sent out messages to the army ants .	The army ants readied themselves and set out for the enemy hill .	When the army arrived , they mercilessly decimated the enemy hill .	The queen ant moved to the more spacious neighboring hill .
2	She was creeping through the yard .	Karen 's friends invited her out to a party .	She decided to sneak out of her window .	Suddenly , her dad appeared .	He had heard her climbing out and now she was grounded .
1	They spent the morning arguing .	James and Dominic woke up in bad moods .	Their mother made them go outside .	James pushed Dominick in the mud hole .	Their mother decided it was time for them to go back to bed .
3	Tim toughed it out and went through with it	Tim had a fear of needles .	He decided to confront it by donating blood .	It was a scary experience .	He was proud of himself .
4	He found a much shorter route to Toast and all was well .	Jason loved toast and therefore worked at a company called Toast .	One day his job held a meeting for all of its employees .	They told everyone that they would need to come in an hour earlier .	After researching , Jason found that he had been taking the long way .
3	He told me on the top of the mountain he was going to be a father .	My best friend got married and moved to Hawaii .	After a year , I decided to fly out and see him .	We had a great time and hiked a few mountains .	We celebrated for days and I left for home at the end of the week .
3	They challenge him to a skate off .	Aaron was a skater .	He was in the skate park skating in the afternoon .	Suddenly he sees a group of skaters come walking by .	Aaron beats them all .
2	Tim took his dog to the vet .	Tim 's dog was very sick .	Tim 's dog was n't eating or drinking .	The vet gave Tim 's dog a shot .	Tim 's dog slept for two days straight and then died .
2	Muffles attacked Trisha from behind the sofa .	Mavis had a dangerous cat named Muffles .	Mavis ' friend Trisha came over for tea .	Trisha was scarred on her face and ears .	Trisha ran away , vowing never to set foot in Mavis ' house again .
1	He did n't like that he had to go to the park to see the birds .	Dan liked to watch birds .	Dan built a pretty birdhouse to put in his backyard .	The next day there were many birds eating at his birdhouse .	He can now watch birds from the comfort of his own home .
0	I once went biking with my sisters in the mountains .	Since I thought I was cool I decided to race them down a mountain .	As I neared the bottom I realized my brakes no longer worked .	As I neared the bottom I closed my eyes as I hit a stone bridge .	After I healed I swore to be more careful from then on .
0	Anna and her mother went to go to the pound to pick out a puppy .	Anna liked the spotted one , but he was already adopted .	She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels .	Anna decided that she wanted the old dog instead .	Anna and her mother went home with her new best friend !
0	James went apple picking with his mother .	He spent the entire afternoon picking apples .	He had a huge basket of apples at the end of the day .	James and his mother made an apple pie later that night .	The pie turned out to be delicious !
4	When she saw him , he had a beard made out of bubbles .	Ollie was taking a bath .	He was playing around with the bubbles .	He came up with a funny idea .	Then , he called his mom into the room .
4	To their surprise it was actually a girl .	Sylvia was pregnant .	She was expecting a baby boy .	She went into labor and began to give birth .	Then , the baby was born .
0	Penne was not feeling well .	He could not go to school .	His mom was supposed to go to work .	She want to miss work .	She called in and her boss was really mad .
1	Ellie 's mom wanted her to study harder , and graduate from high school .	All Ellie wanted to do was surf .	Instead , Ellie went to the beach and surfed for hours .	Ellie found out she would n't be able to graduate with her friends .	She took a summer school class , and graduated the very next fall .
4	Franco became very rich when he sold the gold to a museum .	Franco visited his grandfather 's farm last week .	He discovered a very old trail that led to a rundown shack .	Franco found a small trunk while exploring the shack .	Inside the trunk was several piece of gold from the Spanish Armada .
4	Arnold lost 25 pounds and was still able to watch his favorite shows .	Arnold was overweight and he wanted to get healthier .	Arnold really liked to watch television .	His wife bought him a stationary bike and put it in the bedroom .	Whenever Arnold wanted to watch television , he would ride the bike .
1	Len was almost done with his first short story .	When a writer starts a work they do n't know what to expect he thought .	He had sat down three hours ago .	He wanted to finish in one shot but he could n't think of what to do .	He decided that every writer needs a break and took one .
1	He had to buy black clothes for his uniform .	Randy became a waiter at a restaurant .	He went to the department store and bought all he could afford .	At home he put them all away in his closet .	The clothes in his closet were now mostly black in color .
4	After sometime , he realized he was full .	Bart was hungry from not eating all day .	He wanted a snack .	Bart ended up eating most of his snacks .	He wanted more snacks to consume .
0	Jim put all his things in a paper bag and left the house .	It rained and Jim tried to cover the bag .	The bag became soaking wet with water .	The now weakened bag tore apart from all the things in it .	Jim scrambled to gather his belongings in the rain .
4	That semester , she made all A 's and got her kitten !	Katie wanted a kitten .	Her parents told her she could get one if she made straight As .	So Katie worked hard and studied often .	She made a huge effort to improve her grades .
3	He was sent off overseas to fight .	Brian always wanted to serve his country .	His family wanted him to go to college .	He chose to join the reserves first .	He never made it back .
2	He cried and cried until someone noticed him way up there .	A kitten climbed high up in a tree .	When he looked down , he was scared .	They called the fire department , and a truck came with a big ladder .	The fireman climbed up the ladder and rescued the kitten .
0	Timon loved to play hopscotch .	None of the neighborhood girls let him play .	Timon bought some chalk and went outside one night .	The next morning , the neighborhood awoke to a surprise .	Timon had drawn a giant hopscotch square on the street .
2	And no one saw .	Gabe found two dollars on the floor in his classroom .	He happily picked it up .	But later , he noticed that his friend bought nothing for lunch .	Gabe regret taking the money .
3	They did not see the deep rut until they were thrown into the air .	Angela invited Heather to her farm for the weekend .	When her dad was out , Angela sneaked the 3-wheeler key .	The girls zoomed across the pasture , hair blowing in the wind .	Dad was not happy when he found them next to his overturned bike .
4	Susan discovered National Merit and her son got full tuition covered .	Susan was worried about how she would pay for her son 's tuition .	He was not big enough to get a sports scholarship .	He was very smart , but most colleges would not give merit scholarships .	She and her husband made too much money for need scholarships .
0	Tony loved his dog Snowy more than anything in the world .	One day , he forgot to close the front door and his dog ran outside .	Toby was devastated and missed his dog terribly .	Then he decided to make Lost Dog fliers .	While he hung fliers up , a lady saw one and told him she had Snowy !
2	In the evening Gio would work on his own business .	Gio loved making extra money .	He spent all day working for a big company .	One night his business got a huge client .	Now Gio is able to quit his day job !
0	Yesterday , George was going for a run through the Nature Preserve .	He saw several deer during his run .	George stopped to take pictures of them .	He posted them on Instagram and got several hundred likes .	Now he does the same thing every day , just for the likes .
3	Two days later it suddenly hatched !	Katie once found an egg in an abandoned bird 's nest .	All of the other eggs had hatched so she figured it was a dud .	She brought it home and kept it in her room on display .	She kept the bird until it was good enough to be on its own .
1	She had n't bought him anything .	Finley realized it was the day before her husband 's birthday .	She looked at his Amazon.com wish list .	She ordered the one thing she could afford off the list .	Overnight delivery got the package to the house on time !
4	Lori was suspended from school for a week .	Lori 's homework was due today .	She did n't have it complete .	She stole John 's homework and turned it in with her name on it .	The teacher knew that Lori had n't done that work .
0	Nina was afraid of moths .	One night there was a big moth in her room .	Nina screamed and ran outside !	She made her dad go in and shoo the moth out the window .	Only then would she return to her room .
0	I was attending class one day .	Suddenly , we noticed that it began to snow very hard .	Our teacher told us to be calm and called the principal .	Shortly after , the principal 's voice came over the intercom .	She told us that we would be let off school early to avoid any danger .
1	He was in a hurry so he decided to take a shortcut .	Eric walked through the city park on his way to a bar .	Eric hopped over the fence and cut across the grass .	A park ranger saw this and yelled at him .	Eric ran off and hoped that he was not being chased .
1	He buys some equipment to make a chair .	Fred needs a new chair for his living room .	Fred works long and hard in his garage making the chair .	Finally his chair is complete .	Fred feels satisfied and happy with his living room chair .
4	He went to his first game and scored twenty points .	Colby always wanted to play Basketball for his school .	It was time for tryouts so Colby decided to go and tryout .	The coach said that Colby had a lot of talent and skills .	Colby was chosen to be on the team and was ready to play .
0	Ryan was a generally rude person .	One day he went out to eat at a restaurant .	When he arrived he was very unkind to the whole staff .	The staff decided to get payback by putting spice in all of his food !	Ryan ran out of the restaurant with his mouth burning !
2	He used a scraper to loosen the algae .	Jeff went downstairs to clean his saltwater fish tank .	There was a lot of algae growing on the back of the tank .	The fish hid in the decorative structures on the bottom of the tank .	Jeff used a net to collect the algae and the water looked cleaner .
4	Soon she showed up , and Ted was comforted !	Ted was in the grocery store with his mom one day .	Then he realized he could not see her .	He started to cry because he was lost .	A kind cashier took him to the front and paged his mom .
1	He saw many great apes .	Terry visited the local zoo .	He started acting silly to try to get a reaction from the ape .	The ape charged the glass aggressively and scared Terry .	Terry decided to never do that again .
3	His dog swam in the pond to retrieve the ball .	Bob was playing catch with his dog .	Bob threw a tennis ball .	The tennis ball landed in a pond .	Afterwards , Bob had to dry his dog with a towel .
3	By the end of the week , we were so sun burnt !	Last year , my family went to Hawaii for spring break .	The weather was beautiful and we had so much fun .	My brother and I swam in the ocean every day .	Overall , the fun we had outweighed the pain from the sun burn .
4	They both ended up very happy .	Tim had a candy bar .	It was all his .	Jay was sad that he did n't have one .	Tim decided to share .
4	The girls could n't wait until next year .	Tina and her best friend Britney decided to have a joint party .	They wanted to have a joint birthday party .	The girls rented a nice restaurant and invited all their friends .	The guests had a blast .
2	One day his mother bought a whole pound of salami from the store .	Sam loved to eat salami .	He would eat as much salami as he could get his hands on .	Sam waited until she left the house and devoured it whole !	That day Sam gained a whole pound of salami weight !
3	One day Skippy stopped showing up	Skippy was a brown squirrel in our yard .	We gave him nuts and seeds to eat .	As time went on we saw less and less of Skippy	We often miss that little brown squirrel .
3	Afterwards , he gave me some anesthesia to go to sleep .	I came into the operation room .	The doctor showed me where to lay down .	The sedation doctor asked me a few questions .	When I woke up , the procedure was over .
1	He called in sick .	Jim decided he wanted to see a movie instead of going to work .	He ran into his boss at the movies .	Jim 's face turned red .	His boss thankfully did n't recognize him because he was preoccupied .
4	When it was done , though , it turned out very good !	David took his girlfriend to BBQ pulled pork restaurant .	They really enjoyed their food !	David 's girlfriend decided to make BBQ pulled pork at home .	It was very labor intensive and it took quite awhile to make .
0	Beth had the best spices in town .	She decided to go into the meat business .	She incorporated her spices into each cut of meat .	Her spiced sausages became legendary in her town !	She sold packs of sausage by the hundred !
0	Zeke wanted to become a pilot .	After high school he enrolled in a commercial pilot school .	He graduated with his pilot 's license a few years later .	Zeke looked for a job for months but nothing came up .	Eventually , he was hired and was finally a pilot !
2	Chuck read lots of parent advice books with his wife .	Chuck is a brand new father !	While excited , Chuck is very nervous .	After reading the books Chuck felt more confident .	Both Chuck and his wife have raised a very nice little girl !
1	She spotted a gorgeous patch of wildflowers .	Ava was walking through the woods one day .	She knelt and began to pick them .	Arriving home , she placed them in a large vase .	Ava was thrilled with her forest acquisition .
2	He jumped up after the first bite for a glass of water .	Lisa made chili for her boyfriend .	She had a salad first , so he started eating the chili before her .	Lisa tasted the chili .	She had put in 3 tablespoons of hot sauce instead of 3 teaspoons .
4	He wondered if he would ever see his sister again .	Ben 's older sister ran away from home .	Ben 's parents spent months looking for her .	The police dropped by the house from time to time , with no news .	Ben went into his sister 's room and looked at all she left behind .
1	But one evening she learned a hard lesson .	Erris used to curse out her brother in e-mails .	She typed her name in Google to see if her facebook showed up .	What showed was a link to a page with Erris ' e-mails to her brother .	He made a website giving her a bad name .
3	I went to the big box pet store .	I 've wanted a puppy since I was young .	Yet , I still do n't have a puppy .	So , I decided to do something about it .	I just bought the cutest one !
2	Today , parental concern deepened when Kyle came home 2 hours late .	Sue and William were worried about their 7-year-old son , Kyle .	Kyle had been acting strange for a couple days , unlike his usual self .	Just as they were about to confront him , he handed over a wrapped box .	The big secret was his parents ' anniversary gift , a framed drawing .
2	The brush made a bunch of tiny scratches all over his car .	Sam was washing his car .	Sam accidentally used a brush that had dirt on it .	Sam took his car in to get it fixed .	He was able to get the scratches buffed out for a small price .
4	Felix failed his class , and learned his lesson about procrastination .	Felix 's teacher assigned an important book report , due in 3 weeks .	His friends got started on their assignments , but Felix did not .	He thought he had lots of time , and did n't start until the day before .	But when he went to the library , he saw it was closed for cleaning .
0	Jacob was a street performer who used a plastic bucket as a drum .	His skills impressed many people on the street every day .	One day , a member of a professional band notice Jacob 's skills .	The band member recruited Jacob onto his band as the drummer .	Jacob 's performances in the band eventually made him famous .
0	Kelly was a skateboarder on her first visit to California .	Her cousin took her to the beach to try her hand at surfing .	Kelly was afraid , but she agreed to give it a shot .	To her shock , she found she could stabs and ride with ease .	Kelly could surf the waves as well as she could skate the sidewalks !
3	The pudding tasted funny , but Thomas continued to eat it anyway .	Thomas loved to eat chocolate pudding .	One day , he ran to the store to buy some .	When he got home , he opened the container and began to eat it .	Thomas ended up getting very sick for almost a week !
1	She looked everywhere for the perfect case .	Allie needed a new suitcase .	Finally she found one nearby .	She was happy with the purchase .	She used it immediately .
1	He always wished that there were more kids to play with outside .	Ned lived in a quiet neighborhood without many kids .	One day , he left his house and saw that a new family moved next door .	He walked over and met a boy named Harry who was his same age .	They spent the afternoon jumping on Harry 's trampoline and had a ball !
1	He had to spend months in a hospital .	Terry got in a bad car accident .	Since then , he has been praying constantly .	He healed completely .	He is also now an extremely religious man .
3	The school was big and she got lost .	Gina was finally done enrolling in high school .	There were only 2 classes left for the day .	She made her way to her 5th hour class .	She was late to class , but the teacher was understanding and kind .
4	We purchased spinach , broccoli , and yams .	My boyfriend and I decided we wanted to eat healthier .	We thought that we could start buying more vegetables .	We took a trip to the local farmer 's market .	There was an abundance of freshly harvested vegetables .
4	By Monday , he 'd earned enough to buy all they needed for their team !	Bay and his friends lived in a very poor neighborhood and had no toys .	They wanted to firm a baseball team , but none of them had equipment .	Then Bay decided to fundraise outside of the grocery store .	He shared their story and collected donations all weekend .
4	Jack was sad to leave Fez at home when he left for college .	Jack received a kitten on his 10th birthday .	He named her Fez .	Fez followed him around the house and slept with him every night .	They were best buddies .
0	Rob 's dog found a porcupine .	She was n't trying to hurt it , but the porcupine did n't know that .	His dog ended up with a face full of quills .	He had to take her to the vet to have them removed .	She never got near another porcupine again .
4	Gina got out of the turn lane , and stayed on the streets instead .	Gina was sitting at a stop light in the turn lane .	She was getting on the highway to go home .	But the traffic below made her think twice .	As the light turned green traffic began to move .
3	He gave his dad a broken ping pong paddle to use .	Larry was playing ping pong with his dad .	He hated to lose to his dad every time they played .	Larry decided to cheat .	Larry was able to beat his dad for the very first time .
2	He woke up today and decided he would quit .	Lester had been smoking for forty Year 's .	He smokes six cigarettes a day , every single day .	By two o'clock he had eaten a whole pack of nicotine patches .	He was successful , he now only smokes five cigarettes a day .
0	Xavier always wanted a horse .	He found out about a auction for horses .	He saw a horse that he really liked .	It had had a very unhappy life .	Xavier brought it to his farm and he was so happy there !
4	Today the cat sat in the living room with my wife .	My wife has today off from work .	Our cat was very happy because of this .	The cat usually stays in a bedroom all day .	She waits for my wife to come home .
4	In addition , he made the brass players learn a new song .	My band instructor was extremely furious today .	The group of brass instrument players were off sync .	They repeated the song several times and did worse every attempt .	He ended up dismissing the other instrument players .
0	Four friends like to ride horses .	They went and caught mustangs .	The four friends domesticated the mustangs .	The friends rode the horses from mexico to canada .	The four friends never forgot that trip .
1	The boy could n't stop him , because he was so small .	Jack stole a small boy 's bike .	Jack only made it to the curb , when he was stopped by another boy .	It was the small boy 's brother , who was not small at all .	Jack returned the bike , and has n't stolen any since .
3	I stopped , turned , and started running back home in terror !	I was eagerly waiting for a package to arrive .	At 5 o'clock I walked down the street toward my mail service .	A block away , a vicious snarling dog rounded the corner at me !	I never did check my mail that day .
2	He went to his closet to get his favorite vacuum .	Billy was going to have his boss over for dinner .	He needed to clean up his house .	Billy got so into vacuuming that he lost track of time .	He was still vacuuming when his boss arrived .
0	Diana approached the front of the stage .	She began to sing for the entire school audience .	She started off on a good path .	However , her voice cracked when she was trying to sing at a high tone	Although she stopped since she felt embarrassed , the audience clapped .
2	So each night she started going to bed five minutes earlier .	Kim was in college and her classes started early .	Kim was always tired in the mornings !	She found it easier to make such a small change .	Soon she was sleeping longer and feeling better !
4	Jane 's friend forgot to feed it .	Jane had a pet bird .	She went going on vacation .	Jane asked her friend to feed her bird for her .	When she got back she noticed her bird had died .
2	I looked over a teenagers shoulder as she stared down at her phone .	I saw a crowd gathering outside the Apple computer store .	I walked in closer to see what their whispering was all about .	I listened to her conversation and heard what they were discussing .	I learned the graphic they were viewing was for the IPhone 12 .
4	The boy drowned , the ship sank , and Petunia lived to grow old .	Petunia loved her wealth and traveling .	She clutched her necklace and looked over the ocean contently .	Fearing no consequences , she romanced a boy of low class .	The fire of their lust was no match for the cold iceberg the ship met .
4	So when he finally ate his burger at home , he was disappointed .	Fred passed by his favorite restaurant while driving home from work .	He frequently ate there with his wife .	So he decided to order something to go .	Fred was annoyed how long the wait was .
4	The family did n't bother saying anything since she looked mad .	Kenya got stuck in traffic on her way to work .	Since she was late to work , she had to call her boss to cancel .	The traffic lasted for 1-2 hours .	When she got out , she had to go back home .
0	Jim was on the bus with his backpack .	When it was time to pay , he began digging through his bag .	He felt something wet and sticky inside .	He realized that his coke must have spilled .	He had to take the bag home and wash it right away .
1	Although he was from a small town , he always thought he could make it .	Paul loved football more than anything else in the world .	He fought for a walk on spot on his team in college .	Eventually , he was starting and picking up first team honors .	Everyone doubted Paul , until his name was called on NFL draft day .
3	The next morning , I could n't talk !	I went to a concert for a band I love very much .	The room was very energetic .	I screamed along with everyone else .	It was a small price to pay to see my favorite band .
0	Jane 's daughter Ali was being bullied by a girl named Val .	The school was willing to do nothing to stop it .	Jane decided to talk to the mother of the Bully .	When she spoke to Val 's mom she seemed indifferent .	Jane decide to enroll Ali in martial arts to protect herself .
2	He remembered his iPod and rushed to check on it .	Jack was digging through his bag .	He noticed that his water had spilled in the bag .	The iPod was dead , and it did n't look like he could fix it .	Jack was so frustrated that he threw the iPod away .
2	But it had not been previously frozen .	Sara wanted to eat sushi .	So she bought raw salmon .	The package said that it should be well cooked .	But Sara ignored the warning .
4	Luckily , the dog 's ' owner came around the corner and stopped the dogs .	Finn was walking his dog one day .	All of a sudden , two dogs came around the corner .	The dogs began barking at Finn and his dog .	Finn yelled at them to go away , but they did n't move .
0	I was eating in a Japanese bar .	My friend suggested we try mochi for dessert .	I was eager to try some so I agreed .	It was amazing !	Alas , the mochi cost too much so we decided not to tip .
4	Now she spends her paycheck on her speed reading habit .	Aileen took a course in speed reading .	She learned a trick to read faster than ever .	Aileen found she could read a book in an hour .	Soon , Aileen ran out of library books to read .
4	People loved his sardines and were willing to pay large sums for them !	Sal loved to go fishing .	Sal always wanted to catch a big fish but never did .	All he could catch were small sardines .	He decided to sell the small sardines anyways .
1	A woman was talking to her sales staff on the phone .	I was in our apartment reading room .	She was telling them to increase perfume sales .	She was disappointed in slow sales .	I left because I could not read .
2	She had bought the most beautiful dress .	Sheri was so excited for her big day .	She waited all her life to get married .	She had met the man of her dreams .	This was going to be the first day of her new married life .
4	Gus was heartbroken .	Gus always loved Dalilah .	He thought she loved him back .	One day he suggested she leave her husband for him .	She declined his offer .
0	Rachel 's face felt very puffy one day .	So she went online and looked up a recipe to de-puff her face .	She cut cucumber slices and put them on her eye .	Then she de-puffed with cool tea bags .	Soon Rachel 's face was smooth and firm once again !
4	She ended up finding all the gifts at Walmart and was very satisfied .	Lindsey still had some shopping to complete two days before Christmas .	She went to every shopping mall she could think of .	The stores were so crowded it was hard to find good gifts .	Lindsey decided to go to Walmart and try her luck there .
2	We found out she had diabetes .	My sister was my best friend .	One day she got sick and we took her to the hospital .	She started taking her medicine soon after .	Today is she healthy and strong .
3	I ate too many of them .	I went to a holiday party yesterday .	They had cream-filled cakes there .	I love those cakes .	Now I need to head to the gym .
0	Thomas was at the arcade .	He was fairly confident that he could win the crane game .	Some kids placed bets on him .	Luckily , he did win on the crane game .	He ended up earning some good money .
0	Lou decided to surprise his girlfriend with a gourmet meal .	Pouring over cookbooks , he decided on cooking surf and turf .	At the market , Lou carefully chose the very best quality ingredients .	Lou spent all day slowly cooking the meal to make sure it was perfect .	After dinner , Lou 's girlfriend said he should become a chef .
2	She rehearsed all week to be sure she did a good job .	Eva was asked to sing the national anthem at her town 's parade .	She was honored , and accepted happily .	On the day of the parade , she gave a great performance .	The whole town applauded and cheered Eva 's song !
2	John 's grandfather passed away one day .	John liked his grandfather 's lucky ring .	John dreamed of wearing that ring .	His grandfather 's possessions would be passed on to the grandchildren .	John now possesses his grandfather 's ring .
2	The dog 's owner through a frisbee in Tom 's direction .	Tom was in the local park one afternoon .	He saw a rather disobedient dog in the distance .	Unfortunately , the dog decided to pounce on Tom instead .	The dog 's owner did n't even apologize .
0	Kiki wanted to learn to play the piano .	Her brother played piano well .	She asked her brother to teach her .	Her brother agreed .	Kiki eventually became very good at the piano !
0	Randy went to the supermarket to prepare for the hurricane next week .	He stocked up on canned goods and additional resources .	A week later , the hurricane struck his city .	He stayed indoors for all day since it was too dangerous outside .	He decided to work on his job indoors .
1	And Erin needed to take out the trash .	It was midnight .	She stepped outside and headed towards the garbage bin .	When she opened it , a cat jumped out .	Erin decided to never take out the trash at night again .
2	He was hoping to see the big killer whale .	Today was the big day !	Jason and his family were going to the sea park .	They bought tickets and were waiting in the stands .	Then , right in front of jason , the whale jumped out of the water !
2	It seemed to be going well until she fell asleep during her studying .	Eve had waited until Thursday to study her geography .	She had devised a method to learn all of her states in an hour .	When she awoke the next morning , she was frantic .	Eve finally realized that she needed to manage her time better .
4	Tom was able to move into his cockroach free home the next day .	Tom had just recently moved into his new apartment .	He was unpacking his stuff when he found cockroaches in his bedroom !	Tom immediately called the exterminator .	The exterminator sprayed his entire home with insecticide .
0	Daniel had a crush on a girl , so he asked her to the movies .	That day he picked her up for the date .	He was really nervous on the way to the movies .	They did n't get to talk to each other much at the movie .	Daniel decided he would take her out to dinner next so they can talk .
1	I am playing the drums .	My friends and I started a band .	I rocked so hard and had so much fun .	My friends and I love playing music together .	We love being in a band .
3	Then he realized the student was blind .	The student ahead of Samuel on the steps was walking very slowly .	Samuel became irritated at his slow pace .	He yelled at the student to move faster .	Samuel felt foolish and ashamed .
4	He had a great time and felt happy with his dog .	Bryan was bored one day , so he decided to look on the news .	The news was full of negativity and violence .	Bryan felt bored by what he was reading so he turned off his computer .	He left to the park with his dog instead .
1	Alex then found he had no laundry soap .	Alex realized he needed to do laundry when he had no clean clothes .	He also noticed that there was a huge puddle under the washer .	He piled his dirty clothes into his car .	Alex took his clothes to his Mom���s house for her to clean .
0	Michelle screamed in frustration .	She wondered for the millionth time why programming was so hard .	Pushing the textbook away from her , she rubbed her eyes wearily .	An image of a nice steaming cup of coffee jumped into her mind .	She decided to take a long overdue break to rejuvenate her mind .
1	They visited Magic Kingdom but Annie did n't have much fun .	Annie took a trip to Florida to see her Dad .	Her Dad walked so fast that she could n't keep up with him .	He would n't slow down because he thought he had to see everything .	Annie just wanted to see her Dad .
0	Sam was riding his bike through the park .	He noticed an apple tree laden with fruit .	He stopped to pick the fruit and took some home .	There , his mom made a delicious apple pie .	Then she thanked Sam for providing help with dessert !
4	When my friend came , he surprised him for his birthday party .	I asked my girlfriend if we can visit my friend .	Since she thought that I knew about her birthday , she said yes .	When we got inside of the place , my friend 's brother called us .	He told us to hide .
3	5 seconds left in the game	Joey was in his championship basketball game	The game was tied at 80	Joey 's team called a timeout to discuss the play	Joey gets the ball shoots and it goes in !
4	He took the drum to the pawn shop and sold it .	The boy was walking up the street .	He seen a dark item on the road .	He decided to get closer .	He found out it was a drum .
1	It was their favorite vacation destination growing up .	The Goetschius family moved to the Outer Banks .	They opened up a Flip Flop shops to make some money .	It was busy at first , but they got the hang of it .	They ended up really enjoying their new home .
0	I was in the park one day .	I sat at a bench with a bag of stale bread .	The birds gathered around my feat .	I threw bread across the floor .	They all scooped up the pieces , and ate them .
2	When he got back to his house he had a sports car .	My uncle wanted to get a new car .	He went to the dealership by himself .	My aunt was upset and made him take it back .	He got a reasonable sedan instead .
1	So thin people wondered if he was anorexic .	Jim was very thin .	But he was n't he just ate very little .	And got full very fast for unknown reasons .	Three months later he found out he had a tapeworm in his belly .
2	The vending machine was broken .	It was time for a break .	Jimmy decided to grab a snack .	The local restaurant was too far off .	Jimmy then remembered he had a sandwich in the fridge .
4	At the end of the night they decided to make a second date .	Sally was nervous was about her first date with Matt .	She took all day getting ready and changed clothes at least 5 times .	Matt arrived right at 5 and took Sally out to dinner .	Sally quickly calmed down and had a really good time with Matt .
4	They felt very privileged to be alive when they saw the destruction .	Joey and his daughter lived in a mobile home in Texas .	While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming .	They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited .	They hear loud noises and when the storm was over they came out .
2	They decided not to go .	Amber and her family were going on a trip .	She found out someone else was going that she hated .	Everyone was mad that they backed out .	Amber did n't care , and refused to back down .
1	He decides he needs to thoroughly clean it one night .	Horace realizes that his closet has become cluttered with stuff .	Horace cleans out all the old junk and papers from his closet .	When cleaning the papers , he comes across an old photo that he loved .	Horace is happy that he cleaned out his closet .
1	Once she met with them , she realized that they were very lazy .	Hannah was assigned a group project with some of her classmates .	Hannah was forced to do all of the work for the project .	She decided she was going to tell her professor what happened .	The professor decided to not give her classmates credit for her work .
3	Nearly everyone was hesitant to try it at first .	There was an office party where Steve worked .	He was told to bring a dessert .	He brought everyone some baklava .	It was a slow start but people began to eat it all .
3	She fell down violently .	Tommy was playing football with his friend in school .	When he threw the ball , it broke through a classroom window .	A teacher got hit in the heated by the football .	The hospital staff escorted her out and Tommy got suspended .
2	As he got up and walking , he dropped his wallet on the ground .	Ted was walking down the street with his earphone in his ear .	He bent over to tie his shoelaces .	A passerby happened to notice the dropped wallet and stopped Ted .	Ted was so relieved that he gave the passerby a high five and a hug .
2	When Michael went to get off on his exit it was closed .	Michael liked being on time for work .	He left his house early for traffic .	He was sent on a detour and was twenty minutes late .	Michael was so embarrassed about being late to work .
4	Her mom is so proud .	There was a little girl .	Her mom took her to gymnastics class .	She learned how to flip .	She goes on to win the olympics .
3	She was doing very poorly !	Ella thought she was great at bowling .	When her dad invited her to play , she accepted .	But as they played , she frowned .	In fact , Ella lost the game by over a hundred points !
0	Paul and Peter met each other for a business lunch .	Paul introduced himself to Peter and Peter to Paul .	Paul instantly forgot Peter 's name .	To hide his blunder , Paul called Peter by the name Buddy .	Peter saw right through this and got annoyed .
2	Paying for cable and internet was always something Mark 's mom did .	Mark moved out of his parent 's house into a town house .	He soon discovered all the things that he now had to do himself .	He shopped around and got both , adding a eighty dollar bill monthly .	Mark called his mom to thank her for all she has done for him .
1	As soon as I turned away to pick up my napkin , someone ran .	I began to eat my meal at the restaurant .	They grabbed my wallet and left the place .	I decided to run after him .	However , he managed to get in his car and drive away .
3	However , the dealer had a better hand .	Joe was playing blackjack .	He bet 200 dollars .	He thought he was going to win because he had a really good hand .	Joe lost his 200 dollars .
2	Hank 's blood sugar spikes or drops without medicine .	Hank has been a diabetic his whole life .	Hank does not always take care of this by taking his medicine .	When Hank 's blood sugar does this , he becomes very irritable .	Therefore , it is important for him to be consistent with his care .
2	Having seen a lot of sitcoms , she decided to fake being a doctor .	A woman went to her twentieth high school reunion .	She was ashamed of her relatively un-prestigious job .	Unfortunately , so did everyone else .	It was a very , very awkward reunion .
4	He said he was turning them into prunes .	Joey 's mom said his fingers turned to prunes in the bathtub .	Later at the store , Joey was curious when he saw some prunes .	His mom bought some plums , explaining that 's where prunes came from .	That night , she found Joey in the tub with the plums .
3	It was dated 1943 , the year her grandfather was born .	Jill was missing her grandfather who recently passed away .	She was thinking about him as she walked down the sidewalk .	She picked up a penny she saw on the ground .	She felt like it was a sign that he was thinking of her too .
2	His dad always steamed it .	Tim hated fish .	He never ate whenever his dad cooked it .	One day his dad friend the fish instead of steaming it .	After that , Tim loved fish .
2	The school made a large profit from the rate of the activity .	The school staff was raising money for field day by having a car wash .	Many individuals came with their vehicles in order to get it washed .	Elena , the treasurer ended up taking half of it to pay for her bills .	When the school found out , she got fired from her job .
4	People already died .	Aaron was walking .	He then sees a house burning .	He hears screaming .	He called 911 but it was too late .
3	I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom .	We lived in a housing project .	The place had mice .	One day I saw mouse eating bread on the table .	I was glad to get rid of this pest .
1	She had never been before .	Kayla could n't wait to go horseback riding .	Her boyfriend decided to take her for a ride .	When she got on the horse it was a great feeling .	She could n't wait to go back to the stable .
4	When I woke up I felt refreshed .	Yesterday was a long day .	I was out doing errands for hours .	As a result I decided to go to sleep .	I set my alarm for the next day .
1	He told them that he can easily swing from the monkey bars .	Nate bragged to his friends about his athleticism .	His friend made a bet with him .	Therefore , he approached the monkey bars .	However , he ended up falling on his head .
0	Fred decided to walk home from school one day .	His parents were on vacation .	He thought he knew where he was going .	But he found himself in a strange neighborhood .	Luckily , he ran into a classmate who invited him inside .
3	John spent three hours more , shining the boots .	John had to shine six pair of boots .	He got reprimanded by his supervisor for slacking off .	John grumbled under his breath as he worked on the second pair .	John vowed never to disappoint his supervisor again .
1	She was doing well , but her opponent was catching up !	Bay was competing in a pie eating contest .	Bay was getting full and tired !	Then she found one last burst of strength and speed .	Bay won first prize in the pie eating contest !
2	Afterwards , he ran up to his room to play it .	Joe got a new video game for his birthday .	As soon as he saw it , he thanked his parents .	Joe spent the next three hours playing his new video game .	It was better than he thought it would be !
1	He went to the kitchen to make a snack .	Dan was hungry .	He put a bag of popcorn in the microwave .	When it was finished , he put the microwave in a bowl .	Dan returned to the couch and watched a movie with his snack .
4	When he tried the coffee at home , he realized why it was on sale .	Rob was at a grocery store .	And he wanted to buy coffee .	He looked at the ground coffee that he usually buys .	But he saw another brand on sale .
4	When he returned and sat down he fell asleep almost instantly .	He was incredibly sleepy .	It pulled at his eyes and tempted him to rest his head at his desk .	He could feel its power getting stronger and stronger .	Relenting , he rose from his desk and closed the door .
3	She wrote it down on a list so they would n't forget .	Tara 's daughter Lea informed her that she needed candy .	She learned that Lea 's class was having a party .	Tara made plans on going to the store for some .	Later that afternoon , they were able to pick some up .
2	They were the favorite food of my friend Mack .	Chicken nuggets are likely on everyone 's to-eat list .	If you 've eaten them you know they are rather tasty .	Mack shared them with me once .	Now I can never forget the chicken delight that is nuggets .
4	I was surprised to see that they were right about their experiences .	My friends noticed that they act strange during a full moon .	They said they engaged in risky activities and could n't sleep .	I told them that it might be some kind of placebo effect .	They looked up the scientific facts and showed them to me .
4	She was inspired and decided to paint them .	Julia was on a trip to the coast with her art class .	Every student was required to paint something from the trip .	During the entire trip , Julia did n't feel inspired .	Finally , at the end of the trip they went on a boat and saw dolphins .
3	She begged her mom to force her brother to scoot over .	Gina was the last one to the car .	All her siblings had chosen seats .	She did n't want to sit in the middle for the 9 hour ride .	She was upset when her mother forced her to sit in the middle .
1	So she prepared .	Abby was worried about an earthquake in the future .	She removed large objects from high shelves .	And she bought an emergency medical kit .	Abby felt less anxious because of her preparations .
3	However , I became more and more confident in my ability to speak .	During my first year of college I enrolled in a public speaking class .	Public speaking was almost an area I struggled with .	In the beginning of the class , my presentations were horrid .	Now public speaking has become second nature to me !
0	A woman came out of the cafe with a box .	While walking by , I attempted to hold the door for her .	She screamed at me because she thought I was a chauvinist .	I backed away warily and went on my way .	She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died .
3	I did n't feel comfortable with all of this .	My uncle passed away and there was a funeral for him .	It was an open casket so it was strange to see him lye their .	Everyone was crying , even my dad .	However , it was interesting seeing everyone 's emotions come out .
3	Mom suggests Simon bring his 3DS .	The entire family has dinner with Grandma every Sunday .	One day , 13 year old Simon refuses to go .	Simon says Grandma 's house is boring .	Simon plays Mario Kart the entire time he 's at Grandma 's .
2	None of them have yet to work out though .	Kristy has been striking out with men lately .	She has gone on dates that friends have set her up with almost weekly .	As a last attempt Kristy tried online dating .	In a month she found someone that she is now in a relationship with !
4	Bob was finally able to make it because of his hard work .	Bob 's dream was to be a soccer player .	His peers kept on telling him he would n't make it .	Bob started training every day to be able to run faster .	Bob later tried out for his soccer team .
3	They decided that Jason was charming and polite and after all .	Ivy wanted to date Jason , but her parents said no .	They thought he was a bad guy .	Then Ivy set up a meeting between her parents and Jason .	They told Ivy that she was allowed to date him after all !
3	Once the tea was done , he took a sip .	Arthur decided he wanted to make tea .	First , he set the kettle on to boil .	Then , he poured the water over the tea bag to steep .	It was perfect .
1	It was the day before Thanksgiving .	John was traveling to New York state to visit his family .	On the highway about halfway there , his tire blew on his car .	A passerby stopped to give him a ride to the nearest gas station .	He got to his family in time and he was most thankful for the passerby .
1	It was a perfect evening , and Tre felt very happy .	Tre went out for a pleasant walk in the evening air .	He came upon a group of friends , and enjoyed their company .	Tre stopped by the store and bought a soda and some skittles .	He then continued on his way home .
0	Phil wanted to run a marathon .	Phil tried to run to prepare for the race .	Phil was really struggling with motivation .	Another racer asked Phil to train with him .	Phil was able to prepare for the race and finished the marathon .
2	So , I decided to make some at home .	I liked drinking soda .	But , it was too expensive .	Alas , I used the wrong ratios of chemicals .	The soda did not carbonate .
3	They worked out a sneaky strategy .	Frankie and his friend Josh were playing Halo online .	The two were losing to the other team .	The pair decides to come up with a plan .	The strategy worked , and Frankie won the game for his team .
3	We were worried we would get sick .	My husband made chicken for dinner .	The way he makes the chicken is one of my favorite meals .	However , the chicken did n't look quite cooked through .	He put it back in the oven and it came out fine .
4	Jill brought the card home and kept it in a box of treasures .	Jill saw a beautiful butterfly in the grille of her dad 's car .	She carefully removed the butterfly and pasted it to a card .	Jill gave the card to a teacher that she especially admired .	When the teacher saw the dead butterfly , she dropped the card .
0	Gina was walking to the bathroom .	It was late , and the hallway was dark .	She stepped on a hard , sharp toy .	The toy lit up , and played a song .	But all Gina cared about was the pain in her foot .
3	They scheduled to meet up .	Ronnie was on tinder .	He wanted to meet a new girl .	He got a match and started talking to her .	She did not show up .
3	She ran right into the garage door .	Lori was watching her aunt 's house .	She decided to borrow her new car .	When she was parking she crashed .	There were a lot of damages .
2	He did 50 push ups everyday .	David was too skinny and weak .	He decided he would work out every day .	He did 50 sit ups everyday .	David ended up very strong after 1 year .
4	However , I took the tray into another place .	My mom placed a tray of snacks on the table .	All of the kids ran towards the table to eat out the food .	When I found the tray on the table , it was completely empty .	I decided to refill the tray .
1	He drank a lot of beers and shots while he was out .	Nik went out with some friends .	When they were leaving his friend asked him to drive .	Nik drove straight into the capitol building .	He was arrested for drunk driving .
2	Laura knew how Lydia felt about Eric .	Lydia had a crush on Eric .	Eric asked Lydia 's best friend , Laura , on a date .	Laura turned Eric down .	Lydia and Laura became even closer in their friendship .
4	I went back to my hotel and warmed up .	I was on vacation in colorado .	I went to the snowboarding hill .	I brought my snowboard and put on my goggles .	I went down the hill and had a blast .
2	Michael tried to run away .	The police pulled Michael to the side of the road .	When he took Michael 's license , he noticed that it 's outdated .	The police eventually caught up with him .	Michael ended up getting tackled .
3	However , he soon realized he barely missed his ex-girlfriend .	JD has recently experienced a bad breakup .	His girlfriend of 6 Year 's broke up with him unexpectedly	At first JD was devastated .	It was then that he realized she made the right decision .
0	I was getting ready for bed .	I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth .	I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste .	I began to brush my teeth .	I spit the toothpaste into the sink .
1	They went to the closest berry farm .	Julia and Michelle deciding to go blueberry picking on a summer day .	They grabbed a bucket to put their berries in .	They spent most of the time laughing and eating from the bushes .	When they were done , they only had a handful of berries in the bucket !
1	She could feel them all watching her .	Vicky cowered in the corner , trembling violently .	Vicky opened her eyes for a quick peek and quickly closed them again .	They were still there watching her .	The knots in the wood showed no sign of stopping their constant gaze .
2	It turns out my water heater was leaking .	I saw a water spot on my ceiling .	I decided to go in the attic to investigate .	I tried to fix it myself .	I only made the problem worse so I gave up .
1	They asked each parent to contribute to the sale .	My daughter 's school had a bake sale to raise money .	I decided to make chocolate covered marshmallows .	I made 24 dozen marshmallows for the bake sale .	At the end of the night , the school told me they sold were sold out .
3	Although he had never tried stinky cheese before , he enjoyed it .	Quentin has always loved eating different kinds of cheese .	He decides to attend a cheese tasting party a friend is throwing .	At the party he tries many cheeses , including some stinky cheese .	Quentin was happy he had attended the cheese tasting party .
4	He informed them it was a fertility idol , shaped like a chubby woman !	Two archaeologists were digging around in the desert .	They found a strange looking rock covered in lumps .	Curious , they brought it back to the university .	One of the professors started laughing .
2	The boy 's mother yelled at him for not wearing his helmet .	The little boy brought his bike home .	He was not wearing his helmet .	The boy cried and told his mother he walked his bike home .	His mother felt terrible when she saw the helmet strap was broken .
1	Their daughter Lillian had never been .	The Finster family had planned their first trip to the beach .	They had so much fun digging in the sand .	Then it was time to splash in the waves .	On the way home Lily fell asleep from exhaustion .
2	Everyone had very healthy food .	Louisa was at school .	She was eating lunch with friends .	Louisa pulled out her donut snack .	Everyone made fun of her for her unhealthy food .
3	The day of the race he was very nervous .	Ethan was entered in a bike race .	He had bought a brand new bike for the race .	He practiced everyday on his street in his neighborhood .	He crashed his bike in the first 100 feet of the race .
1	He told her it was easy , no problem !	Bob was helping his girlfriend paint her nails .	But as he started to paint , he slopped polish all over her fingers .	When he finished , her hands were a mess !	Bob realized he was pretty bad at nail-painting , after all .
2	Tina then decided she would never eat meat again .	Tina wanted to become a vegetarian .	She no longer wanted to eat meat .	However she only lasted a week .	It was too hard .
4	Tim took the money and enjoyed a new hot dog .	Tim was eating a hot dog .	It fell on the ground .	Tim started crying .	Jay gave him money for another hot dog .
3	He wrote about its causes and effects .	Jim had a research project due in two days .	But the thought of starting it stressed him out .	His stress , though , gave him the idea to research stress .	And Jim learned how to manage his stress better .
1	One day the pump broke and my Dad called a repairman .	When I was young we had an in the ground swimming pool .	The repair man kept having to walk around to the front for tools .	Finally he decided to just jump over the wall near his truck .	My dog , who had been out all along , bit him when he jumped the wall .
2	We burned a few cow parts .	I taught my girlfriend how to grill a steak .	It took a few times .	But eventually she got the hang of it .	Now she cooks steak all the time .
2	One day , the puppy ran away .	Tyson had a new puppy .	He loved the puppy very much .	Tyson was very sad .	He decided he needed to pay better attention to his pets .
4	Luckily she picked up a gold one .	Kelly really needed a new iPad .	Her original one was getting old .	She needed something to surf on .	She decided to drive to the Apple Store .
1	It came out looking perfectly .	Kelly made a blueberry pie .	She shared pictures of her pie online .	The pictures got an overwhelmingly positive response .	Kelly offered to share her pie with her friends .
0	Terry was excited to be going to watch a TV show live .	Her husband did n't tell her which one .	When they got to the set of The Price Is Right she nearly fainted .	Even better , she was called to come on down .	She was even happier driving home in her new car .
4	Abbey returned from her vacation with a new outlook on life .	Abbey packed up her luggage and went on vacation .	She decided to just drive and do things on the fly .	She wandered across the country for several weeks .	Abbey had so much fun that she hated to go home .
0	Annie had a test on Monday .	She went bowling on Friday .	She went to the mall on Saturday .	She watched TV on Sunday .	Annie failed her test .
2	They all waited excitedly for a ranger to spot a turtle on the beach .	The park was doing night turtle watches during egg-laying season .	Everyone gathered at the ranger 's ' station for a lecture on turtles .	Finally , the call came that a turtle had been located .	Everyone got in their cars and raced to the spot to watch the turtle .
4	Poor Tim had to return the steak to the grocery store .	Tim really wanted steak for dinner .	He stopped at the grocery store after work and picked one up to cook .	As he opened the package at home he smelled something awful .	The steak was rotten !
2	Jed was caught off guard as the kitchen caught on fire .	Jed was making a stew .	He 'd forgotten about the broken stove burner .	He watched the firemen try to save the rest of his house .	Jed regretted he had n't just had a bowl of cereal .
3	So it destroyed him when he saw the white Bronco chase .	OJ Simpson was Greg 's favorite player growing up .	He idolized him and even wanted to be a football player .	He would watch him every time he could on TV .	He always hoped he was innocent , but lost his idol through the drama .
1	As I started walking , I found $ 10 on the ground .	I decided to take a long walk down the street .	I went to the store to spend the $ 10 .	As I was walking in the store , I found another $ 7 on the floor !	I was so happy for the whole day because it was my lucky money day .
0	I decided to walk to the park the other day .	It was nice out and I needed the fresh air	As soon as I got there it started to rainy .	I took cover but the storm would n't pass .	I walked home soaking wet and disappointed .
1	I went to the store , but all the devices were too expensive for me .	I wanted to buy a music player for my brother .	After that , I went online to find one .	I found one that was refurbished and much cheaper .	I was able to get him a present that I could afford .
2	We ate them at Umberto 's in Boston .	My friend Frank loved arancini .	They are stuffed rice balls .	I went to dinner in Newton with my son this week .	I was pleased they had arancini , and ordered two plates .
0	I decided to make dinner for my boyfriend .	We both loved spaghetti so I made that for us .	However , I cooked way too many noodles .	We ate as much as we could but there was still leftovers .	We decided to donate the extras to a homeless shelter .
3	When the photos were done , she saw that hers had come out poorly .	Anna had school photos to take .	She wore her best outfit that day .	During lunch , she had her photo taken .	Luckily , there was a retake the next week .
1	She was trying to choose a paint color for her house .	Marge was at the home improvement store .	She could n't decide between yellow and blue .	She thought about what her couch would match .	She decided to go with the blue .
1	When he brought the box out her face looked panicked .	Jack bought a ring for his girlfriend for Christmas .	She told Jack she did n't want to marry him .	Jack sadly told her it was not an engagement ring .	Jack decided to break up instead of giving her the ring .
0	A husband and wife woke up in the morning .	The couple laid in bed together before getting up .	The couple 's cat jumped up on the bed .	The cat laid down and snuggled with the couple .	The couple and the cat snuggled for a half hour .
4	Larry felt proud that he could speak Italian .	Larry had always wanted to learn how to speak Italian .	He decided to enroll in an Italian course at the local university .	Larry studied hard every day .	Finally he was fluent in Italian .
0	Chad needed to find a dress for his daughter .	Chad took his daughter to Target to try on a dress .	Once the dress was on , he knew the dress was the one .	Chad 's daughter loved the dress as well .	Chad was glad to find a dress for his daughter today .
1	He loved flying his plane .	Don was a pilot .	However he could not afford the payments on it .	He decided to give people flying lessons for money .	It was the best way to enjoy the open air .
1	There , he studied their culture .	Neil took a flight to the island of Cyprus .	He learned about their strong Greek and Mediterranean influences .	Then he enjoyed a delicious meal of fish .	He found Cyprus enthralling and fascinating .
2	I drove to the store and did my shopping .	My fridge was looking a bit empty .	I made a grocery list of items I needed .	I paid and drove home .	When I got home , I felt better because I could restock my fridge .
0	Hayley was in a band with 2 guys .	They got into an argument .	This lasted for months .	The 2 guys left the band .	Hayley decided to find new members .
3	He broke his ankle .	Jake loved jogging .	He went out every morning .	One morning he tripped and fell .	He was n't able to run anymore and gained weight .
2	Danny wanted to put his pajamas on but he could n't find his bag .	Danny was on a trip with his family .	They had just arrived at a hotel for the night .	They realized that his bag had n't made it into the car .	Danny 's mom had to go buy him some clothes for the trip .
4	Fortunately , he was successful in paying off all of his debt in 1 year .	Allan realized he had a lot of debt .	He decided that he wanted to pay his debts off in one year .	He sat down and made a budget to pay the bills .	He also picked up a second job to help pay the bills .
0	Tilly was visiting a farm .	She asked to milk the cow .	The farmer showed her how to do it .	Soon Tilly was milking like a pro .	She even got to drink the fruits of her labor !
0	A man had many skills and resources and wanted to share them .	He knew that Jesus said knowledge should be free .	He wrote books and published articles online .	He did his best to teach others .	He increased global well being through his generosity .
1	He was playing with it on a sunny afternoon .	Tim had a pet frog .	It jumped around really fast .	It jumped really far and kept going towards the street .	Tim buried his frog that day .
1	Ela loved Mrs Molly so much that she would never let go of her .	Mrs Molly , was Ela 's favorite barbie doll .	One day Ela was running with Mrs Molly and tripped and broke her arm .	Her mom did not have anything to fix Mrs Molly , so she bought glue .	She hugged her mom when Mrs Molly was fixed because she was so happy .
3	She wandered for almost an hour until she heard her dad 's voice .	Yesterday Lauren decided to go for a walk in the woods .	The woods are n't dense and are right behind her house .	She thought she could n't get lost but she was wrong .	Lauren shouted and soon her dad came running to rescue her !
4	Unfortunately , she told me that she 's homosexual .	Today was the day that I confess to her .	During lunch at school , I met up with Glady .	I took her to the back of portable # 5 .	I said that I loved her and wanted to go on a date .
0	Brett was having trouble seeing out of his eyes .	He went to a eye doctor and was told he needed surgery .	Brett was afraid that the surgery would make him blind .	The doctors told him that it was a safe procedure .	Brett got the surgery and his vision improved dramatically !
0	Zoe was tanning by the pool .	She fell asleep in her chair .	She finally woke up a few hours later .	She went inside her house .	She looked in the mirror and looked like a lobster .
2	He was at home to die comfortably .	I stood there next to my grandfather .	He had just had a massive heart attack .	I held his hand as I thought of all of this .	I whispered goodbye as I wiped tears from my eyes .
3	His mother refused because she had bills to pay .	Frank has a school trip to the local museum .	He was always interested in History and its progression .	Frank asked his mother for money to go on the trip .	Frank was very upset that he missed out on this trip .
0	Jennifer joined the Softball team this semester .	She decided that she needed a lot of practice .	The coach took his time with teaching her the basics .	Jennifer really enjoyed all the practice sessions .	Jennifer eventually became their top player .
2	The business hired a team of architects and engineers for help .	Tom 's business decided to buy a franchised hotel .	Tom decided that the design and layout of the hotel was inefficient .	Tom oversaw the the development and implementation of the upgrades .	The hotel profit grew and the business gave Tom huge bonus pay .
1	But Tom accidentally threw the ball at his bedroom window .	Tom and Luke were playing basketball in their backyard .	Tom 's parents had a new window installed .	But when Luke wanted to play basketball again , Tom was too scared .	So Luke and Tom ended up going to a park to play .
0	Lou 's mom made his lunch everyday .	He hated the peanut butter sandwiches she would make .	Lou left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it .	Two days later Lou noticed ants in his closet .	He traced them back to the sandwich he forgot about .
3	Thankfully he only gave her a warning .	Kelly was driving home late last night from a party .	She was speeding a bit .	A cop ended up pulling her over .	Kelly new better next time .
4	She showed it to her parents , and they were unmoved .	Vivian wanted to be an artist .	Her parents said she had to go to medical school .	Vivian painted a beautiful picture .	It was of an asian resident in medical school crying .
3	Abby asked him and he confessed to cheating .	Abby started dating a boy from class .	Things were going great .	One day , Abby found a shirt that was n't hers in her boyfriend 's room .	She dumped him right away .
1	The cat ran off into the darkness .	Mary let her cat out one night after constant meowing .	Mary wondered what the cat would bring home tonight .	She collected a pail and shovel to clean up the inevitable .	Two hours later the cat was back with a big rat to lay at Mary 's feet .
1	The teacher spun crazy tales before getting down to work .	Zoe loved to go to the class taught by a new teacher in school .	Word got back to the principal about the teacher 's method .	The principal asked Zoe what went on in the class .	Zoe spun her own tale about a teacher who did everything by the book .
2	The bunny slept by the lake .	There once was a bunny in the forest .	The bunny ate berries and fruit .	The bunny was very lonely .	So it found it 's family and they stayed together always !
0	Steven 's final exam is an essay .	It is due in two days .	It has to be 10 pages long .	Joe has only written 1 page .	Joe decided he better skip the party and write his paper .
2	Her husband complained that it was n't that hard .	Mary had been taking care of the baby at night for the past week .	She needed her husband to take over for a night so she could sleep .	So he agreed to do it to try and prove his point .	Mary smirked at her husband 's exhausted face the next morning .
3	She wore the down braid as a bangs in the front .	Kim 's mother put braids in her hair .	Kim wanted to wear her hair loose .	She took one of the braids down .	Kim decided it looked much better .
1	We started out with sticks and blankets .	Today I built a fort with my Dad .	He helped me dig holes for the sticks .	We finished by placing the blankets on the sticks .	We sat in there hiding out all day , I loved it .
0	One day , Todd woke up with a fever .	He did not want to go to the doctor .	Todd stayed in bed all day .	He took a vitamin supplement .	The next day , his fever was gone .
3	I finally made it to the canyon and went swimming .	I was hiking through the desert .	I was on my way to get to a large canyon .	I walked through a large open dry area .	After that , I walked back to my car and went home .
1	He took out some paint and began to create art .	Mike looked at his walls in his house and thought they were bland .	Mike tried to make a tree but it did not look right .	He painted over the bad tree with design of his own creation .	The creation covered the entire wall and Mike was pleased .
4	Joe could n't wear them anymore so he gave them away .	Joe collected all his shirts and pants for laundry .	He put them in the washer and waited for them to be done .	When they were clean , he put them in the dryer on high .	The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small .
1	They scheduled a babysitter for their twins .	Amy and Jon wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together .	They made reservations for a nice restaurant .	They got dressed and ready to go out .	One of the kids threw up so they had to stay home .
4	Eventually he bought the perfect one .	Joseph wanted a new television .	His old one barely worked .	He saved up money for a few weeks .	He looked up several reviews online and in person .
2	All of a sudden a bird pooped on his head .	Tom was relaxing in his backyard .	He was watching the birds on his porch .	Tom ran inside his house to clean up the mess .	Tom decided to watch the birds from the safety of his home after .
3	We went outside and started practicing .	I once tried to help my daughter learn how to ride a bike .	She have been begging me to teach her , every since I purchased it .	She woke me up one day at 8am with the helmet and knee pads in hand .	After a hour of teaching she finally caught on and took off riding !
1	Her cat accidentally scratched her in the face .	Sarah was playing with her cat .	Her face started to turn red and swell up .	Sarah went to the emergency room afterwards .	She had to get a few stitches on her face .
2	Last year we celebrated her birthday on December 10th .	Brownie is my dog .	She was born in the beginning of December .	She got a cake made out of soft dog food for her birthday .	She also got a bone with a bow wrapped around it
0	Bill went to a restaurant with his girlfriend .	Bill ordered a steak .	Bill ordered the steak rare .	Bill was upset to see the steak was overcooked .	Instead of complaining Bill simply ate the steak .
0	I have always wanted a lizard because I thought they were cool .	One time my parents took me to the beach and I seen lizards all over .	When I became a teenager my parents bought me a lizard .	Because , I kept my room so cold I thought I killed the lizard .	After a few days of it not moving I had to bury it out back .
3	The next day a group of her friends go swimming and do n't invite her .	Cam is back from Arizona to visit her friends and family .	She goes and visits some friends .	She hears them talking behind her back about wanting her to leave .	Cam is very sad and hurt by her friend 's actions .
2	She liked to fantasize about winning the car .	Paula paid five dollars to enter a raffle .	The prize for the raffle was a car .	When the raffle was finished , Paula did not win .	She felt like it was worth it , though , because it was fun to dream .
0	The scorekeeper tallied the points .	He stated that the last round will determine the winner .	Gloria took her dart and focused on the target .	Despite her anxiety , she landed a bulls eye .	Fabian could n't replicate the same results and lost the game .
2	After putting it on , she climbed a couple of steps .	It was Tina 's turn to climb the rock tower .	The ticket vendor gave her safeguard equipment .	Her shoe fell out and she ended up falling .	She became disappointed .
0	I had never gone to a military ball before .	Last week I finally got a chance .	I wore one of the prettiest dresses I own .	I did my hair up and accessorized .	It was a great and fancy night .
2	They lined up and the referee blew the whistle .	Today was the day of the big rivalry .	Both teams were very good , they both had perfect records .	The game started like a flash , both teams battling .	The game ended in a draw , both teams had given their all .
4	The Captain ordered everyone to reel the whale in .	Greg stood on the deck of a wooden ship .	He lifted his harpoon and threw it with all of his might .	It pierced the whale 's fin .	The creature 's blood spilled in the water .
4	Mike was thrilled and uses the camera every chance he gets .	Mike was into photography .	He wanted to try his hand at being a photographer .	Mike really wanted a DSLR camera to get started .	His wife surprised him with one on his 26th birthday .
3	One of Fernando 's friends said he wanted to play video games .	Fernando enjoyed playing monopoly and various board games .	He would invite his friends to come over every Friday .	They would have some drinks and food while playing .	Fernando told his friend that he only likes playing board games .
3	Then , jim got bored .	Jim played ball in the yard .	His friends wanted to come over .	Jim would n't let them .	He let his friends in the yard and had lots of fun .
3	The next day , I felt terrible .	I decided to go to a party .	It was late at night and I was sleepy .	I regretted my decision but I decided to stay at the party .	I learned that I should not go to parties late a night .
2	He saw people kayaking in it .	John was walking around his college campus .	He noticed a river .	He saw a building with kayaks in it .	He rented a kayak there and navigated the river .
2	Then she slipped and fell .	Kelly decided to run a race with her friends .	At first she was doing well .	She ended up scraping her knee .	Thankfully she has a band aid on her ?
1	They were perfect for the big dance coming up .	Tammy fell in love with a pair of heels at the mall .	She saved up for weeks to get them .	When she went to the store they did n't have them in her size .	She bought a bigger pair but could n't walk in them .
0	Kim was an experienced artist .	And she saw online videos of another artist drawing .	Kim was angry at how stiff and awkward the artist 's drawings were .	And she was upset by how many online fans she had .	Kim decided to spam negative comments on all of the videos .
1	Max loves Linda !	Max and Linda are boyfriend and girlfriend .	Linda does not feel the same about Max .	Linda broke up with Max .	Max is heartbroken .
2	Her lover gave her a beautiful fur coat .	Babs was an affair .	Her husband was clueless to the infidelity .	Her husband became suspicious .	She assuaged his fears by saying it was a gift from her sister .
0	George noticed that his grass was looking very poor .	He decided to make a change and work on his lawn .	He purchased grass seed and weed killer and put them down .	He watered and mowed his lawn on a regular basis .	George noticed after about a month that his lawn looked fantastic .
0	Mary 's baby had been crying all night .	She did n't know why so she checked his temperature .	It looked really high so she figured he was sick .	She ran out to the store and bought some medicine .	At home , she gave him some and he seemed to calm down a bit .
1	We hiked down into a canyon .	My friend Dan and I went to the park .	We stood on a frozen creek and stared at the waterfall .	The creek ice broke and my friend got wet .	We hiked back out to the car , to get him a change of clothes .
4	Becca 's mom cried at her daughter 's amazing display .	Becca was an awesome singer .	She practiced since she was 6 years old .	Her mom 's birthday was today .	She started singing her mom 's favorite song at the top of her lungs .
2	Then , he turned it upside down .	Oliver took the salt from the kitchen .	He brought it to his room .	Salt spilled everywhere .	His mom had to clean it up .
1	She was very nervous .	Lily was about to go on the red carpet .	She proceeded to get her makeup done .	Unfortunately they screwed up .	It therefore made lily late .
1	One night there was a lot of thunder .	Ben had a dog named Elsa .	Elsa was scared and came into Ben 's bedroom .	Ben let her into bed with him to sleep safely .	Elsa felt better and was able to sleep soundly .
1	Clark saved his money and bought a fishing pole .	Clark wanted to learn how to fish but his dad was very busy .	Every day Clark went fishing by himself .	One day , Clark saw a person sitting at his normal fishing spot .	He walked over to see his dad waiting for him so they could fish .
3	Then , they paddled out to the middle of a lake .	Sam was taking his son fishing .	They went out early in the morning .	They got into a rowboat .	They spent the whole day fishing .
2	He threw a huge pasta party for his team before the game .	Sam was the captain of his football team .	He wanted to increase his team 's moral for their homecoming game .	His teammates thanked him for being so kind .	Sam and his teammates ended up winning the game that night .
4	Sam had to go home to change .	Sam was taking a hike by the lake .	He got too close and slipped .	Sam fell into the water .	He dragged himself out but was soaked .
4	She was suddenly hit with a snowball , and her mother was the culprit !	Stacy was excited when she woke up and saw it had snowed overnight .	She wanted to throw a snowball at her mother .	But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did .	Stacy still had a good time playing , and was on her way back inside .
2	He has play with many legends .	Buddy is a legendary guitarist .	He has played all kinds of music and all venues .	Buddy is celebrated and worshiped .	Buddy never gives lessons .
3	When questioned , my children denied having eaten any .	I bought a bag of jellybeans for Easter .	I hid the candy in a high cabinet so my children would n't eat them .	The next day I found the bag of jellybeans open on the counter .	Later , my husband admitted to eating the jellybeans .
4	Erica received 1st placed and her parents were astounded .	It was the day of the talent show .	Erica was nervously practicing her song hours before the show .	She was determined to make her parents proud .	When the talent show began , Erica played her song with grace .
3	Shane and Kenny were playing a competitive game .	Kenny prefered to play PC games with a wireless mouse .	Shane warned Kenny that the mouse would run out of batteries .	Kenny was unfazed .	Kenny 's mouse 's batteries died at an inopportune time .
2	Kim was stressed out on a daily basis .	Kim had eight children .	She stayed at home and cared for her kids alone .	Her husband hired nanny to help his wife during the day .	Kim was a lot less stressed and became best friends with the nanny .
3	She hired a coach to help her .	Rita plays tennis .	Her serve is terrible .	Rita decided to ask for help .	Rita can now serve without faults .
4	By the time they went to bed , they were sugar high .	Tina decided she wanted an ice cream party .	She invited all her friends .	When her friends got there , they ate five pints .	Tina then had her friends watch a movie .
0	Kelly went with her youth group to White Sands for a full moon night .	She expected to need a flashlight .	She was surprised to find that she did n't .	The bright moon reflected on the white sand causing it to seem like a day .	She could see everything easily .
2	The Footlocker store was 3 times the size of Payless .	Gina 's mom allowed them to pick brand named shoes for school .	Gina was excited since they usually went to Payless .	Gina had a hard time choosing from so many options .	In the end she loved the purple suede sneakers she chose .
4	Which is why she will be excited tonight.\	My wife loves roses .	She is obsessed with them .	I buy her some whenever I can .	Unfortunately that has n't been for a while .
0	Ted left his house to check the mail .	When walking to the mailbox , he noticed it was broken .	He walked back inside and grabbed his tools .	Ted went out to the mailbox and worked on it .	After a minute of hard work , the mailbox looked great again .
4	Once everyone was comfortable , they started eating the meal .	Gretchen made enough salad for 10 people .	She portioned out the dish into separate , wrapped bowls .	Ronald stopped by and picked her up .	They arrived at the park where the others were setting up .
0	John wanted to take Sue to dinner .	He finally got the nerve to ask her out .	He called and asked her to dinner .	They decided on a restaurant .	They had an enjoyable evening .
3	The goose began to attack him and chase him !	Alan was feeding some bread to the geese .	He threw all the bread he had brought .	When he ran out , a goose approached him , honking .	Alan ran away quickly , screaming for help !
3	She crawled under the desk easily to pick up the trash .	Lorraine wanted to be helpful to her mama .	She looked around for something that needed to be done .	Lorraine noticed that there was trash under her mama 's desk .	Her mama thanked her for being so helpful after she was finished .
3	I had to rush back up there to see if someone had returned it .	I went to a doctor 's appointment last week .	I had to leave in a hurry when I was done .	I realized when I got home later that day I left my sweater .	Luckily when I got there it had been set aside and I retrieved it .
0	Ali was on the swings during recess .	A girl who did n't like her approached her .	The girl was coming towards Ali .	Ali thought she was coming to apologize for sure .	Instead the girl threw sand at Ali , and ran away .
0	Sue 's family was having a watermelon seed spitting contest .	Her toddler brother 's seed landed on his shoe .	Grandma launched her seed a mere foot away .	Grandpa sent his flying a yard in front of him .	It took all she had , but Sue won by propelling hers four feet ahead !
3	My wife 's doughnut was filled but mine was not .	My wife brought two doughnuts home tonight .	She bought specialty croissant doughnuts from Dunkin Donuts .	They are filled with chocolate .	I sent an email to Dunkin Donuts complaining .
3	Han moved five miles away , but left her cat 's toy on the new porch .	Han had a cat named Fluffy Socks .	One day , her cat went out to play and never returned .	Han was scared because tomorrow was moving day .	Fluffy Socks appeared at Han 's new house the next day !
2	Sheila told her there was an important file missing in the database .	Michelle was an excellent computer programmer at her job .	Tuesday when Michelle returned to work she ran into her boss Sheila .	Michelle typed some codes into the computer and recovered the files .	Sheila praised Michelle on how she once again saved the day .
1	I skipped lunch and ate very small portions .	One year I went on a crash diet for Lent .	The last week of the diet I ate only one meal a day .	I managed to lose 20 pounds .	I ate a lot of food on Easter .
2	Marty helped him to his feet and walked with him to class .	Marty unzipped his jacket and drew a knife on the bully .	The bully ran away and Marty approached the bullies victim .	The next day , the boy asked to sit with Marty at lunch .	Marty declined , and said he did n't sit with nerds .
4	He presented his mother with a box of taffy he had made just for her .	Kenneth 's mother always wanted to learn to pull taffy .	Her arthritis was too bad to learn .	One summer , Kenneth took a taffy pulling class at the candy factory .	He worked at it until he was a master taffy puller .
0	Samantha had a long day .	She decided to take a bath .	She filled the tub with warm water .	Then , she added some nice salts .	Finally , she enjoyed her bath .
4	I do n't want to ever talk to Jen again , she is mean .	Jen is always mad at someone .	Today she is mad at me .	I do n't know why so I asked her .	She yelled at me so loud it hurt my ears .
0	Frank has had difficulty sleeping for months .	His doctor tells him to stop drinking so much coffee in the afternoon .	Frank gradually decreases his coffee drinking habit .	Finally he finds it easier to fall asleep .	Frank is very happy that he can sleep more easily .
0	Jerry was suffering from issues with his back .	His doctors had told him that there was nothing they could do for him .	Jerry searched for information on the internet .	He found one website that offered many tips .	After Jerry followed them , he started feeling a lot better .
2	He said that he wanted to make America great again .	Donald wanted to run for president .	He promised that he would be the best president there ever was .	However , nobody believed his wild claims .	He was forced to abandon the race and go back to his business .
0	The sniper hid in the grass for hours waiting for his target to show .	He pulled out his maps to see if he was in the right place .	The target was supposed to show up 500 meters in front of him .	Light rain began to fall from the sky .	The sniper readjusted his scope for the rain and waited some more .
4	At the party Amy and Beth made up and were friends again .	Amy and Beth were fighting and no longer speaking .	Amy was upset with Beth for being dishonest and sneaky .	The girls did n't speak for 3 months .	One day Sue asked Amy to come to a party she invited Beth to as well .
2	All of the kids laughed at bill .	Bill went to class every day .	Bill had weird designs on his socks .	One day Bill painted his socks a solid color .	No one ever laughed at Bill again .
1	He saw an old farmhouse and decided to explore it .	Shawn was driving along a country road late one night .	He went inside the front door and it was so dark .	He tripped over some plaster on the floor and fell down .	Shawn knew he should have brought a flashlight !
1	We ordered the tableside guac which was amazing .	We went to the best Mexican restaurant on vacation .	We had some margaritas that were great too .	We then get flautas and fajitas .	The food was so good and ca n't wait to go back .
0	Terry enjoyed attending games of his favorite teams .	He would always go to his local stadium and watch them .	One day Terry went to the stadium and found out it closed down .	Terry was very upset that he had to travel far to see his games .	Terry eventually petitioned that the state open up the stadium again .
0	I threw my string across the water .	After a few minutes , the fish got caught on the hook .	It put up a large fight since it was trying to bite the line off .	it managed to escape .	I decided to pack up and go home .
0	Ray was very hungry and wanted to eat rice .	He went to his pantry to get his rice cooker .	He filled it to the top with rice .	Soon into cooking the rice cooker overflowed .	He had more rice than he could eat .
3	Tim was furious .	Tim bought a new Harp .	He let Meg borrow it .	Meg let Joe borrow it .	After that he never let Meg borrow anything .
4	Within moments , the baby fell into a fitful sleep .	The baby gurgled and kicked her feet .	A slow yawn escaped her lips as she played with her teddybear .	She rubbed her eyes , hoping to dispel sleep .	Mom switched on the radio and lullabies gently wafted in the room .
2	He was happy to stay and finish working on his project .	Howard loved his job .	One day his boss asked him to stay over and work late .	He became so engrossed in his work that time seemed to fly by .	He successfully completed his project , then returned home .
0	Anna was out of coffee .	She decided to try to find a substitute .	She found a few tea bags in her cupboard .	To her surprise , it was n't too bad .	Anna decided to drink tea more often .
3	The next day at school , Meg saw the girl she blamed .	Meg 's mom was distraught when she found lice in her daughter 's hair .	Out of spite , Meg said she caught the lice from a girl she despised .	Meg 's mom called the girl 's mother .	The girl was crying and her hair was hacked short .
0	Tim was walking to school .	He accidentally dropped him lunch money .	He did n't even noticed .	Sue saw the money .	Tim was relieved when she gave him his lunch money .
4	Gary was forced to go out of business after only one year .	Gary was obsessed with everything related to Christmas .	He wanted to open up a Christmas themed store .	He borrowed money to set up his merchandise .	Gary had a hard time getting any sales in the Summer .
2	I had to spend a long time picking up the glass shards .	I loved drinking water from glass bottles .	One day , I dropped the bottle and it broke .	I decided to use plastic bottles instead .	Now , I would n't have to clean up glass shards !
3	It turned out to be a good lunch .	Jen wanted to grab a quick lunch .	She invited her friends to eat but nobody was available .	She considered skipping it but decided to go alone instead .	She enjoyed her food and her time alone .
4	After getting over it , I was able to enjoy Christmas again !	On my tenth birthday , I found out the truth behind Santa Claus .	I was devastated to hear that he did not exist !	My parents told me that they put all the presents underneath the tree .	Eventually , I understood that it was not plausible that Santa existed .
2	It flew up , up , up into the sky .	Ellen received a beautiful , helium-filled balloon for her birthday .	While getting in the car , it accidentally slipped out of her hands .	Ellen watched it glide amongst the clouds .	Ellen decided not to cry and enjoyed watching it till it disappeared .
0	Nell 's mom headed to the store for school supplies .	Nell was excited for her mom to come home with her new crayons .	She pictured herself opening the big box of 64 crayons .	When her mom walked in , Nell grabbed the bag of supplies .	Pulling out a pack of 8 crayons , Nell lost all her enthusiasm .
1	She had no way to go to another library .	Gina 's local library did n't have the books she needed .	She shared her problem with the librarian at her local library .	The librarian offered to have books mailed from another library .	Gina was very pleased with this option .
0	I rushed into the dentist since I was five minutes late .	The front desk worker had to reschedule my appointment .	Luckily , she told me that I can come back tomorrow .	I thanked her for consideration .	We said goodbye to each other before I left the place .
4	A lot of people showed up and she raised a lot of money .	Leslie was in charge of the parks and recreation department .	She wanted to build a new park .	She decided to throw a town festival to raise money .	No one was interested so she brought in farm animals to attract kids .
0	Ron liked his new apartment , but it was pretty hot in there .	He could n't afford air conditioning and summer was coming .	He was complaining to his friend , Len , who offered a solution .	Len had an old window air conditioner he did n't use anymore .	Len helped Ron install it and the place became cool and comfortable .
3	But her mom did n't want to spend any money .	Gina wanted a new Lisa Frank Trapper Keeper .	It cost $ 8 more than Gina had .	She decided to ask her mother to buy it .	Gina was sad she could n't get the new folder .
1	The worst part of Mark 's cold was his awful cough that would n't stop .	Mark woke up on Monday morning with a terrible cold .	Mark got in the car and drove to the local drug store .	Mark found a bottle of cough syrup , and it was even on sale !	Mark took the suggested dose from his doctor and felt much better .
4	He paid his landlord and promised the 23 cents as soon as he got it .	A man went to the bank to take some money out .	He went to the ATM to get $ 900 to pay for rent .	The machine displayed that he was 23 cents short .	The man took out all he had anyway .
2	The Black Swordsman , Guts .	The dust began to settle .	Only one figure remained standing	With one swing of his sword had he laid waste to an entire regiment .	They were the first of many who would fall to his sword .
1	They were all dressed up in their costumes .	We took the kids out for Halloween .	We walked up and down several streets .	The kids collected a lot of candy throughout the night .	When they got home , they were too exhausted to even eat their candy .
1	She decides to go jogging .	Breanna wants to lose some weight .	She made it into a routine and jogged everyday .	She then lost 5 pounds in 2 weeks .	She was happy and decides to do it for another month .
1	She graduated from Spelman College in 1999 .	Angie wanted to be a lawyer .	After a year working from home , she went to law school in Florida .	She received a call from Spelman College offering her a job .	So she dropped out of law school for an administration job .
0	There was nothing Mandy liked better than swimming in her creek .	One day , she and a friend went exploring .	They felt something squishy under their feet .	It was clay !	They took it home and had a wonderful day making toys out of it .
2	He was awoken by the crazy sounds .	John went to bed on a sunny day .	Overnight a huge snow storm rolled in .	By morning everything was blanketed in snow .	John was amazed at how fast things could change .
0	Neil had been visiting Indonesia , and loving it .	He decided to prolong his joy by visiting a neighboring country .	So he flew into the nearby country of Malaysia .	The beaches and forests there were even more beautiful !	Neil could n't believe how gorgeous the country of Malaysia was !
0	Simon paced back and forth in the living room of the old house .	He sat down and stood up , sat down and stood again .	He paced some more , until he stopped in the middle of the room .	Simon counted his fingers again , but there was no mistake about it .	He was certain he 'd closed more doors than he 'd opened in the house .
0	Melvin did not have electricity where he lived .	Candles were used to illuminate the dark .	Melvin ran out of matches however .	He could n't go into town this dark out .	The darkness overcame him .
3	He explained it could mean there really had been lots of water .	Albert was very excited .	He called up a Science magazine to talk to a reporter .	Albert proclaimed vast amounts of silica deposits were on Mars .	Albert finished the interview and went back to Scienceing at NASA .
4	Gina 's jewelry spilled out all over the floor .	Gina tripped on her shoe while carrying a small Tupperware .	The Tupperware had loose fitting drawers .	And her jewelry was inside .	When she tripped , the drawers flew open .
0	Derek loved exploring caves .	He had been to most of the famous caverns in North America .	He particularly liked caves with gemstones in the walls .	Derek became a park ranger at a cave system .	Derek developed an interest in mountains after his long time in caves .
3	Sam 's dad purchased tickets to a local college basketball game .	Sam 's favorite sport was basketball .	He would always play with his friends at recess .	His dad knew how much he loved basketball and wanted to surprise him .	Sam was so grateful and never forgot the wonderful gift .
0	Charles dropped his car off at his mechanic 's shop .	His mechanic fixed his car and charged Charles a thousand dollars .	Charles could n't pay the bill and had to forfeit his car .	Charles sued his mechanic because his prices were too high .	The court found out Charles ' mechanic marked up prices on parts .
2	They cast their bait into the waters .	Jimmy was on a fishing trip with his dad .	They rented a boat onto Lake Michigan .	A fish bit Jimmy 's line .	Jimmy lost control of his fishing rod and lost it in the water .
2	All the children hunted diligently , trying to win .	Lola 's dad was having an Easter egg hunt , and Lola was excited .	The one who found the most eggs would win a big basket of candy !	Lola looked hardest of all , and she found the most eggs .	Her dad beamed as he handed her the big basket of treats !
3	They all fell many times .	Anna and her friends needed something to do .	They had been to the movies and the mall .	They finally decided on ice skating .	They still laughed and had fun .
4	Sam was shocked when he saw they were robots too !	Arriving at the party , Sam was nervous to meet his new neighbors .	Inside , he was greeted by waiter who handed him a glass of wine .	Thanking him , Sam was surprised to realize he was actually a robot !	Walking further into the house , Sam saw his hosts on the back patio .
1	We drove to the beach and parked the car .	We packed our beach bags and got in the car .	It was a long walk to get to the water .	When we finally got there , we laid out our blanket .	Then it started raining , so we went back home .
4	I did not win the audition but instead received a one year contract .	I am a violinist and have taken many orchestra auditions .	Three years ago I auditioned for the Kansas City Symphony .	I prepared for months and was very confident in my preparation .	The day of the audition I played well and made it to the finals !
0	Bill decided to paint his condo .	He asked his friends what he should paint the walls .	His girlfriend said yello .	His best friend said blue .	Bill decided to paint the condo green .
2	I put the bin in my car .	I went to take my trash out .	I noticed my recycling bin was filled with cans .	I drove to the grocery store .	I recycled the cans and got money for it .
1	He looked out just in time to see a skunk right next to his dog .	Tommy heard his dog barking outside .	Before he could do anything , the skunked sprayed the dog .	Tommy and his brother spent the rest of the day washing him .	No matter what they did , they could n't get rid of the skunk smell !
1	He tried to buy tickets but they were all sold out .	Tim wanted to go to the concert more than anything .	He heard about a giveaway on the radio .	After spending almost all day on the phone he actually got through .	He won two tickets and had a great time with a friend .
4	Beth followed his advice and gained valuable coding skills .	Beth was good friends with Bill .	Bill was a competent software engineer .	Beth asked Bill how she could learn .	Bill suggested she simply start building something immediately .
2	On facebook , a record company executive said it 's a lack of talent .	Brandon has been a rapper for 22 years .	But no one will give him a recording contract .	So Brandon posted a song and asked the executive for a chance .	The executive liked the song and invited Brandon to the studio .
4	But everyone was relieved that they were safe .	An elementary school planned to have an earthquake drill after lunch .	When the drill began , students and teachers were given instructions .	They got underneath desks until they were told to leave .	A real earthquake began during the drill .
1	Her friend was pregnant .	My daughter was going to a wedding last Monday .	She was due in a week .	She wanted to get married before the baby was born .	She went into labor and gave birth the night of her wedding .
1	It was now 11 PM , and she and her siblings were hungry .	Gina had n't eaten much all day .	They searched the fridge for something to eat .	There was a plate of leftover chicken .	They sat at the table and ate chicken while giggling quietly .
2	An error was made and I was born on December 3 .	Mom knew she would have me via Cesarean , the due date was December 25 .	She asked for surgery for December 2 as it 's the cut off for school .	Before my Fifth birthday , she changed the day on my birth certificate .	She knew , before meeting me , that she wanted me out of her hair !
3	It turned out her and I were going to the same destination .	Hitchhiking down the road one day a car pulled over .	I ran up to it and got in immediately .	There was a very nice girl in the drivers seat .	We became great friends that day .
1	I spent an hour staring at a problem that was confusing .	After coming coming home from school , I was trying to my homework .	Since it was too complicated , I started to get a headache .	Eventually , my nose started running .	I stopped doing my homework and went to bed .
4	He called the kitten stable .	John had three horses .	They all stayed in stables behind his house .	One day he found a stray Kitten in the stable .	He took the kitten inside his house and raised it .
2	He still was unable to catch anything .	Barney went on his first hunting trip .	His friends helped him find a good spot to hunt .	On the way home his friend spotted a deer .	Barney was able to make his first kill on the side of the road .
4	i finally found one on ebay last month .	I had a Mao jacket in 1981 .	Recently I tried to buy a jacket .	I could not find one on amazon or ebay .	I tried my local Chinatown , to no avail .
3	Not only did he had a good time , but he got more out of it .	I was award a free trip to France .	Since I was reviewing for finals all week , I gave it to my friend .	He decided to go to the trip .	He told me that a random person gave him several million dollars .
4	His dad was very proud of him when the kite took to the air .	Tim and his dad went to the park to fly his new kite .	Tim tried , but was unable to get the kite off the ground .	His dad showed him how to run to get the kite in the air ,	Tim tried again using his dad 's advice .
3	Today she made six snowballs .	My daughter likes to play with snowballs .	When it 's really cold is her favorite .	She likes to grab the snow and throw it .	She threw and hit me with every single one .
0	Tommy went on a motorcycle ride through the hillside .	He went fast around the corners .	He stopped on the street when he saw a turtle in road .	He grabbed the turtle and walked towards the pond near the road .	He placed the turtle in the pond so that it could n't get hurt .
4	Jack believed it was what the men in his family were supposed to do .	Jack was a marine .	He was deployed to a foreign country to keep the peace .	One day a fellow soldier was asking him about his decision to join up .	Jack said his father was a marine , as was his grandfather .
4	James understood to control his temper better afterwards .	James was in trouble with his parents .	He had gotten detention for swearing in class .	James was grounded for a week .	His parents also gave me a long talk after .
3	In class , he was asked to go first .	Thomas was nervous about the presentation assignment .	He tried his best to prepare a good Powerpoint .	He also added a few special effects to it .	He ended up forgetting his speech and he lost his powerpoint .
0	I went to Chicago on vacation .	I was really excited to try some delicious pizza there .	On the first day of the trip , I went to a famous pizza restaurant .	The pizza was the best pizza I had ever eaten anywhere .	Every day on my vacation I ate at the same pizza place .
4	Now , she can finally have some free time to write her book	Jenny needed some free time to write her book .	Her publisher was calling her asking when she was going to finish .	Jenny decided to take a trip to her cabin to write .	She turned off her phone and cleared her entire schedule .
3	Lucy worked for hours sewing , ripping seams , and resewing .	Lucy was new to sewing .	She wanted to make a tote , but had only ever made a pillow .	The tote proved to be considerably more difficult .	When she finished 5 hours later she was proud of all her hard work .
1	She stored them in her parents ' garage .	Greta had brought home all her college textbooks .	Years later she finally had her own house .	When she went to retrieve them , they all smelled of mildew !	Greta was so sad to have to throw out all of her precious books .
2	In high-school she decided to be a math tutor .	Lois hated math .	She did n't have a hard time with it , she just hated it .	She figured it would help her get over her hate of it .	She was wrong and quit within a month .
1	She did n't want to tell her mom she lost it .	Gina had no idea where her house key was .	She thought it would be easier to have a spare made secretly .	But she would have to get the original from her mom 's key chain .	Gina had to devise a plan to get the key without her mom knowing .
3	Jeff was not familiar with this term for a sub sandwich .	Jeff was at a sandwich shop and called his friend Ike .	Jeff asked Ike if he wanted anything .	Ike asked for a hero .	Jeff went to the police station to find a hero there .
2	She gave all her old clothes away since they did n't fit now .	Jan worked hard to lose fifty pounds .	She treated herself to a big shopping trip to buy new clothes .	When the bill for the new clothes came , Jan got depressed .	She ate her way back to her former size .
4	Terence did n't know that boomerang 's returned to the thrower .	Terence took his brothers boomerang and threw it as hard as he could .	He was angry at his brother , and wanted his brother to chase it back .	Terence laughed and turned around to walk away .	As he did , something hit him in the back of the head .
4	Inside the box was a leash and a dog food bowl - for his puppy !	Ty wanted a pet for his birthday .	But his parents only handed him a little box as a gift .	Disappointed , Ty opened the box .	Then , what he found inside made him laugh joyfully .
2	I had to practically drag him for the entire walk .	I took my dog for a walk .	Alas , my dog was feeling lazy .	Suddenly , he spotted a dog in the distance .	He ran after the dog and started dragging me instead !
4	Sara was going to be a mom !	Sara had missed her period .	She was excited for her doctor 's appointment .	She hoped she was pregnant !	At her appointment , the doctor confirmed the good news .
0	Betty used to always talk about a train ride .	She went with her husband to NYC .	While there they ran into the Yankees at the station .	She saw Lou Gehrig and he looked so frail .	This was a week before he announced he had ALS .
4	She regretted not listening to her mother !	Sasha 's mother told her to put on sunscreen before going to the beach .	Sasha did not wear any sunscreen , convinced that she would be okay .	She spent hours swimming at the beach .	At the end of the day , Sasha 's face and shoulders were very red .
0	Grady went tubing behind a boat .	The boat went very fast .	Grady was thrown off the tube .	He did not remember how he got back into the boat .	Grady hit his head very hard .
2	She walked by all the dogs .	Ashley wanted a new puppy .	Her mother took her to the shelter .	She found a puppy that she liked .	Her mother adopted the dog for her .
2	In late March Jilly looked where some snow was melting .	Jilly planted bulbs with her mom in the fall .	Her mom said the crocuses would bloom first .	A little purple flower was poking through .	Even though there was snow , the crocuses knew it was springtime .
1	Her apartment has very dim lights that are not good for reading .	Elizabeth likes to read novels .	Elizabeth decided to go to a furniture store to get a proper light .	She ended up spending a lot of money on a reading lamp .	Elizabeth now treasures her reading lamp as it give her pleasure .
2	For a week , he kept the kitten in a box under his bed .	Sam 's parents opposed the idea of having a family pet .	When a stray kitten showed up , Sam tried to keep it a secret .	Sam 's mom found the kitten while he was in school .	When Sam came home , the kitten was sleeping in a new pet bed .
2	Jake ran and asked his mother if he could have one , .	Jake and Dan saw a Power Wheels commercial on TV .	They were at Jake 's house .	His mother laughed and said she would think about it .	Dan decided he would ask his mom as soon as he got home .
3	On Christmas morning , Bob was n't very hopeful .	Bob really wanted a pet for Christmas !	But his mom was allergic to cats and dogs .	And his dad was afraid of lizards and snakes !	But there , under the tree , was a big new fish tank !
1	This is one of my favorite meals .	My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner .	However , the chicken came out a little pink .	We were worried it was a little undercooked .	We just put it back in the oven to ensure we do not get sick .
3	Things started slow but he eventually built a good client base .	Nick just became a personal trainer .	He was looking to take on clients to make some money .	He started a website to promote himself .	Nick now has over twenty clients !
3	All of his classic music collection was lost in the fire .	Mike was a huge music fan .	He had old albums and records piled in his garage .	Mike 's left an old heater on and it caught fire .	Mike was devastated for a long time about his loss of music .
1	She bought a pair of VIP tickets to her favorite pop artist 's concert .	Jasmine is a big fan of a pop artist .	Jasmine brought her friend , Jen .	They had a great time being at the front of the crowded concert .	After the concert , Jasmine and Jen were able to meet the artist .
1	Although she wanted to be home with her kids , she began getting bored .	Emily had been a stay-at-home mother for two Year 's .	Emily decided to look for a part-time job .	After job hunting for a month , Emily got a job as a secretary .	The quiet office kept Emily refreshed and ready for home-life .
0	Miki 's grandmother was getting very old .	One day she slipped on the front porch and broke her hip .	Miki visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her .	When her grandmother went home , Miki visited her every day .	Miki and her grandmother cherished the time they had together .
0	As valedictorian , Jen could n't wait to give the graduation speech .	She wanted to make the speech memorable , even revolutionary .	Jen 's friends encouraged her to make an anti-establishment speech .	As Jen took the podium , she saw a sea of proud parents looking back .	Jen crumpled her anarchic speech and talked about a bright future .
3	The front door of their house was smaller than they realized .	The Wilsons got together every year to decorate the Christmas tree .	This year , Pa Wilson bought a huge 9 foot tree .	He and his sons tied the tree to the top of the car .	Pa Wilson and his sons struggled to get the tree in the house .
3	Gina would have to fend for herself .	Gina woke up hungry .	She had eaten a large meal at lunch , but that was hours ago .	Her mother and grandma were n't cooking today .	She made a peanut butter sandwich and ate it with a handful of chips .
3	They had the wrong person .	Tom was sent to prison without warning .	He was very confused about what happened .	Suddenly , a year later they release him .	Tom gets over a million from the government for it
1	Heather decided to bring a cheesecake for dessert .	The office potluck was on Friday .	She stayed up late on Thursday night to bake the cheesecake .	Heather brought the cheesecake to work on Friday morning .	Everyone enjoyed eating the dessert Heather had made .
1	I was so excited , I had my camera phone ready .	I was going to my first concert last weekend .	At the front door they said we could n't take photos .	I told them my phone camera was broken anyway .	Inside the concert I took photos anyway .
1	He knew his eating habits were negatively affecting him .	Chris was sick and tired of being sick and tired .	He finally told himself , enough is enough .	He stopped eating processed foods .	He soon felt much better and changed his life for the better .
1	I turned off the TV .	I got a terrible headache while watching the evening news .	I took a long nap .	I got another headache watching my favorite drama .	I decided to spend more time outside .
2	He did n't know how to fix it .	Greg 's car interior roof was draping down .	It was getting in the way of his driving .	He came up with a good idea .	He stapled the drape back up to the ceiling .
4	She was crying with happiness .	Tory believed that one day her cat would come home .	She waited by the window often for her companion .	One day there was a knock at the door .	It was a man carrying her cat .
2	Christine 's mom told her that there were other options available .	Christine 's eyesight was starting to become poor .	She did n't want to wear glasses though .	Christine went to see her eye doctor .	Now Christine wears contact lenses .
1	Over the years he lost track of it and even forgot about it .	Billy had a favorite teddy bear when he was a kid .	When his mother passed away he went to her house to clean it up .	He found a box in the attic that held his old teddy bear .	He took it home to give to his daughter .
2	One day she did it anyway .	When Paige was five she burned her hand .	I would always tell her not to touch the stove .	We spent the whole night in the Hospital .	She has n't touched the Stove since .
0	When they were younger they went to Vermont for vacation .	They visited local Maple syrup farms .	They stopped to see how cheese was made .	But their favorite part was stopping at Ben and Jerry 's .	They got to tour the facility and get samples at the end .
2	Then , the cat was n't on porch for a few days .	There use to be a white cat that greets me every day at my porch .	I would pet it and sometimes feed it .	Everytime I turn the lights on I keep hearing a cat making cat noises .	I checked the attic and sure enough there was the cat .
4	Amy spilled her food on the floor and burned herself on her hand .	Amy was heating her food in a microwave at work .	She put the timer on too high and the food was incredibly hot .	As she walked to her desk she stumbled on her own foot .	Amy began to fall but tried to hold onto her food .
2	The teacher read the story to the class , wiping away tears .	Becky 's teacher said the class could write about anything they like .	Becky wrote a beautiful story about a girl who loved an ugly boy .	A boy Becky admired snorted at the story .	Becky slunk in her desk and hoped she 'd remain anonymous .
3	I therefore added cooking spray but immediately there was a flame .	Last night I decided to make some eggs for dinner .	I got the eggs out and put them in the pan .	To my surprise I forgot to add cooking spray .	I was terrified and immediately shut off the burner .
2	She called off sick to work that day .	Jackie had a wonderful job at the World Trade Center .	One day she was feeling very ill .	That day an airplane crashed into the building she worked at .	She was sad to see that none of her coworkers had survived the crash .
2	He finally got his chance .	Bruce had always wanted to be an announcer .	His older brother became famous doing it .	It was a small promotion but worth the exposure .	His voice cracked during the first line .
0	My wife and I moved to our new house two summers ago .	When we arrived the sky let loose and started to rain .	We finished unpacking boxes while it continued to pour .	The next day we woke to a dull roar .	When I looked outside there were loudly croaking frogs everywhere !
3	Soon the neighbors were complaining about her incessant practicing .	Anna was a professional trumpet player .	She got a new apartment in the city .	Unfortunately , the walls were much thinner than her old place !	She placated them with free orchestra tickets and home-baked cookies .
0	Peg loved to mountain bike .	Peg decided she wanted to buy a new mountain bike .	Peg went shopping for mountain bikes and saw the prices .	Peg realized she had to work overtime to afford a new bike .	Peg decided she liked her old bike better .
1	Tom had a long commute to work .	Tom was an office employee .	Tom listened to the radio on the way .	Tom enjoyed listening to NPR in the mornings .	Tom grew to love listening to NPR for his entire life .
3	He bought some gum and got cash back .	John was at an ATM .	It wanted to charge him five dollars per transaction .	He decided to go to a store instead .	It saved him over four dollars .
0	Sue wanted to bring an impressive dessert to the company party .	She went to a bakery and picked out fancy macaroons .	She transferred the sweets from the box to her own platter .	Sue 's co-workers raved about the exquisite dessert .	When they asked for the recipe , Sue 's face reddened .
2	I told him that I thought I saw it , also .	I was talking to my neighbor this morning .	He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood .	When I went back inside , I heard a small `` meow '' .	The cat had been following me and got inside my house .
2	They voted on a new place and chose the beach .	The Smiths always go camping over spring break .	This year they want to go somewhere else .	They rented a condo and loved it .	Now they want to make the beach a new tradition .
2	Her mom told Ella she had to neaten up or she 'd be grounded .	Ella was a total slob .	She left clothes and shoes and books all over her room .	Ella took the threat very seriously .	Soon she was organizing her room every day !
2	My connections thought I got a fancy new job .	Today I changed my Linkedin profile .	I announced I was an mTurk worker .	I told them mTurk workers do not get paid much .	It was fun changing my posting though .
2	He kept seeing this ad for a great pillow on TV .	Sean was always waking up with a sore neck .	Reading up on it , he realized that he needed a better pillow .	One day he finally caved and got online to buy the pillow .	To his relief , it helped his neck a lot .
3	Gina did n't want to ask again .	Gina 's friend Tami had a folder that Gina wanted .	She would find out where her mom bought it and let Gina know .	But 3 days later she still had n't told her .	So she decided she would try to find the folder on her own .
3	He nearly scared his little sister to death .	Simon was sound asleep dreaming of tomorrows baseball game .	Suddenly there was a crash in the hallway .	Simon jumped up , baseball bat in hand , to see what happened .	She was bent over in the hall picking up the picture that had fallen .
4	She goes to the store to buy some milk comes home and eats breakfast	Jessica wakes up and wants to eat breakfast .	She grabs the cereal and pours some into a bowl .	She looks in the fridge for milk .	There is no milk in the fridge so she ca n't eat her breakfast
4	That night , Al cheered himself up by gorging on candy .	Al rode his bike to the store for candy .	At the store , Al left his bike outside for a long time .	When Al came out , his bike was gone !	Al looked up and down the street but did n't spot his bike .
0	Melanie was in fifth grade and struggling in math .	Her mother was very worried and decided to hire a tutor .	The tutor came on a monday afternoon and sat down with Melanie .	After an hour of work , Melanie started to understand the problems .	Now Melanie is feeling confident for her next math test .
4	Now bad Brad is behind bars and ca n't kick anybody .	Brad was mean to his pets , kicking and hitting his dogs .	Everyone hated him , but they did n't know what to do .	Then one day Brad kicked his dog in front of a cop on the street .	The cop took Brad to jail !
3	While writing a ticket , one man came out of the building infuriated .	Rita was a meter maid for the city of Chicago .	While walking along a busy street , she saw a number of cars .	They all had expired meters .	Unperturbed , Rita stuck the ticket directly on his forehead .
0	David asked his parents if he could bring home a bunny rabbit .	He saw them as prizes at the county fair .	His parents agreed , and he went to the fair with his allowance .	He used all ten dollars , but he finally won a bunny .	He put the bunny in a small cardboard box , and went home .
4	Freddy now cruises around town in his new truck .	Freddy decided to buy a new truck .	He went to the used car lot .	The car salesman showed him a beautiful red truck .	Freddy bought the truck immediately .
0	Jerry was going through some tough times .	His wife left him .	Afterward he lost his job because he was too emotional .	Eventually even his kids did n't want to see him .	He tried to take his life over it last week .
4	Now he can quit his old job and become a better park ranger .	Jacob loved being around nature .	He seemed to never have time for it because of his job .	One day , he found the perfect job for him and his passions .	He put his resume together and applied for a park ranger position .
0	Gina was watching a TV show about clones .	She thought the clones were really cool .	Her mother called to her to go wash the dishes .	That meant she would need to stop watching and miss a part of her show	At that moment Gina really wished she had a clone of herself .
2	The tornado sirens went off .	Ugly dark clouds had moved in .	Heavy rain began falling .	We hid in the bathroom until they stopped .	After the storm we saw a rainbow .
2	It was expensive so they declined .	Kelly really wanted the new Chanel bag .	She begged her parents for it as a gift .	Thankfully however they gave in .	Kelly was thrilled .
2	She rushed to the convenience store and bought dozens of tickets .	Just the other month , the State Lottery reached over $ 500 million .	Jill was n't much of a gambler , but thought it was to good to pass up .	Jill was so excited , she could barely sleep .	Ultimately , she did n't win , but the hope it gave her was worth it .
1	He searched his entire backpack , but it was n't there .	Jim had lost his book .	Next , he looked through his bedroom .	He did n't find it there , so he searched the living room .	Luckily , he found it in the couch cushion .
0	My friends want me to get high using Q Tips .	Their Qtips of choice are long ones .	They insert the Qtips deep in their ears until it hits a certain spot .	They start jumping and rolling around in euphoria .	I made the decision never to use Q Tips
4	Lucy and Ali become friends that day .	Ali is new at school .	All the kids make fun of her because she wears a hijab .	One day on the playground other kids take the hijab off her head .	Lucy stands up for her and gets the hijab back .
2	By the time all else was done , the pan was still very dirty .	I did dishes last night and came across a really dirty pan .	I let it soak in the sink while I cleaned everything else .	I had to scrape away at it with steel wool .	By the time I went through two wool pads it was clean .
0	Harry works as a senior manager .	His company struggles to develop new products .	Harry looks for a way to shift the blame .	His new strategy is to make the workers unhappy .	Harry claims the departing workers were the ones responsible .
2	Then one day Lynn witnessed a hit and run accident .	Lynn loved watching the traffic outside her window .	But her mom was upset , claiming Lynn wasted time daydreaming .	She wrote down the license plate number and told the police .	Lynn 's mom was so proud of her daughter for helping !
4	James was more productive at work with his new chair .	James had really bad back pain .	He went to Staples to purchase a new chair .	He found a chair with great back support .	James no longer felt pain in his lower back .
0	Jeff hates doing yard work .	He let the grass grow really tall .	Now there are a lot of leaves to rake .	His wife ordered him to clean the yard .	Jeff is spending his weekend cleaning the yard .
4	She realized it was bad to do that and apologized .	Mary had a competition with her friends .	They wanted to see who could hold their breath the longest .	Mary won because she held hers from 25 seconds .	She made fun of her friends after she won .
1	Joe bought some Easter Eggs .	Joe 's kids wanted to have fun for easter .	Joe and the kids painted the eggs .	Joe hid the eggs .	The kids found them and had fun .
4	He hopped into his mini car and headed off to become a clown .	Shad wanted to go to clown college .	He loved making people laugh and wanted to do it forever .	His dad thought clown college was a joke .	No matter what Shad 's dad said it never affected him .
4	It gets rid of the problem .	Matt 's cats brought in lice .	There were too many in the house .	They would constantly bite him when he walked .	He buys a lice killer bottle
3	Ron spent 2 hours planning a trip to the park .	Ron was a perfectionist .	So he carefully planned out everything he did .	But he spent too much time planning .	But right as he was about to leave , it started to rain .
4	She vowed to him that she would make time to spend with the family .	Lucy was a teenager who never found time to spend with her family .	She would rather go to the mall or movies with her friends .	One day her father got very sick and she rushed to the hospital .	He told her that he understood she was a busy teenager .
3	He co-worker told her that she managed to get it all .	At the diner there was a new menu for specials printed daily .	Jan the waitress looked it over quickly and tried to remember it .	She closed her eyes and recited all that she could remember .	He was lying to her but she did not know it .
0	Jamie was working on her computer when something bit her leg .	She got up to investigate and found a mosquito flying around her head .	Jamie chased the mosquito around for awhile and eventually killed it .	She did not appreciate that distraction .	She decided to close the window before getting back to work .
4	When it was over , Justin went home .	Justin 's classmate was having a birthday .	He went with his mom and bought a gift .	Then , he got to the party .	At the party , they played games and ate cake .
2	After I started the beat , she began to sing .	Janet invited me to her studio .	She told me that she can sing well .	I became surprised since most of the sound came from auto-tune .	I immediately took off the sound and her voice sounded bad .
4	Ethan scored a perfect score on his exam !	Ethan had been studying all week for his English exam .	He reviewed all his notes .	Then he practiced essay writing .	By test day he was prepped and ready .
1	His parents thought a puppy might cheer him up .	Simon was sad because he did n't have any friends .	The family went to the animal shelter to look at dogs .	Simon picked out a puppy and named it Buster .	Now Simon is happy because he has friend .
0	Martha loved teaching history .	She did her best to keep the children 's attention .	She told her class children of the past were very similar to them .	The young ones of Pompeii played the Floor Is Lava game .	Martha explained there was just a lot more screaming for them .
3	One day , she found a fixer upper for a young couple .	Kerry was a real estate agent .	She had a knack for finding good deals .	She loved the feeling of helping others .	It was their first home and they loved it .
1	Bob called the dog 's name , but he kept running away and disappeared .	One day , Bob 's dog ran out the door as Bob was leaving the house .	Bob put up reward posters all over the neighborhood .	Bob 's neighbor called him three days later to tell him he had his dog .	Bob 's neighbor returned his dog and Bob gave him a $ 100 reward .
4	Kay purchased a dress , and Beth purchased 2 necklaces .	Kay and Beth wanted to go to the swap shop .	Neither had ever been and wanted to know what it was about .	They entered the building and began to look around .	There were lots of shops selling jewelry .
1	Rob 's mother told him he was free to take a jar of old quarters .	Rob 's grandfather passed away .	Rob found three quarters from the early 1900 's .	He took the quarters to a coin store .	The coin store gave him $ 60 for the coins .
1	He decided to buy a brand new sports car for himself .	Bob wanted to do something for his 40th birthday .	A shiny red new corvette was delivered on the day of his birthday .	Bob drove his new car all around town .	Later that day , Bob got a speeding ticket for going too fast .
1	I decided that I should make a cake .	I found out that it was my friend 's birthday tomorrow .	I did n't have flour for the cake !	I went to the store and forgot to buy what I was there for .	I was relieved when the next day someone brought cupcakes .
0	I wanted a new keyboard for my iPad .	I wanted something that was portable .	Thankfully I found one that was backlit .	It was great .	It fit perfectly .
0	Ann loved red sofas .	Her current sofa was a dark brown color .	She really wanted a new red sofa .	She sold her brown sofa to a friend .	Ann then used that money to buy a new , bright red sofa .
3	They said they were all out .	Sam went to the taco hut for some tacos .	When he went there they were out of his favorite hot sauce .	He asked if they had any in the back .	Sam decided to get a burrito instead .
2	He flew to Florida .	Johnny heard about a beach in Florida that had huge waves .	But he did n't know the big waves were in the middle of the ocean .	Next , he asked a cab driver to take him to the beach with big waves .	At the beach a kid told him he needed a boat to get to the big waves .
2	As his landlord , she had the keys to his apartment .	Tom had enough of Tammy stalking him .	Every time he turned around , she was watching him .	Tammy in his bathroom while he showered was the final straw .	He went down to the court and took out a restraining order on her .
1	He knew he would have to learn Tamil .	Lonny wanted to travel to India .	Tamil was a very important dialect in India .	He studied the language for a year .	Lonny is now fluent in Tamil .
3	One day , he became sick with diarrhea , vomiting and rapid breathing .	I used to take care of a stray cat named I named Tokyo Panda .	We used to take walks and he loved my girl cat .	I fed him daily and nursed his wounds .	Two days later , he died the same day as his vet appointment .
1	His parents took him to the shelter to pick out the best one .	Tommy was getting a new puppy for his birthday .	Tommy looked at all of the puppies .	He fell in love with a brown lab who liked to play .	Tommy was excited to take home his new puppy .
2	He went to Office Depot .	Joe ripped his backpack .	He needed a new one .	They had only one in stock .	Joe was able to nab it just in time .
4	Before Cindy left Beth 's house , Cindy 's finger was bit .	Cindy was afraid of dogs .	So she was nervous at her friend Beth 's house .	Beth insisted that her dog was n't harmful .	So Cindy tried to accept being around the dog .
3	It 's normally not a big deal .	Mary was always a troubled child .	Last Tuesday she got in trouble with the police .	She was found playing in the kid 's playground after hours .	Unfortunately Mary was naked and is 32 .
3	He cooked them with some onions and mushrooms .	Mark 's family was hungry .	He had a pack of steaks in the freezer .	Mark thawed the steaks .	Mark ate dinner with his family .
4	The 8 of them enjoyed a delicious lunch near a waterfall .	Kate was a contestant on Survivor .	When her loved one came they played in a challenge .	Kate played her heart out and her and her loved one won .	Kate then got to pick 3 other contestants to go on the outing .
4	John caught a bucket full , and now prefers nighttime fishing .	Every day , John would go to the river to catch some fish .	John always went early in the morning , but he always failed .	Upset with himself , John decided to change his ways .	Instead of morning , John decided to try fishing at night .
2	He was about to toss it into the recycling bin , when he paused .	Todd picked up his mail at the post office .	One envelope looked like a generic piece of junk mail .	He felt like he should double check , so he opened it up .	Todd was thankful he waited , because there was a check inside .
0	Sarah notices that her porch has become crowded and messy .	She decides to clean all of the chairs and tables off her porch .	When they 're gone she uses a hose to get dirt off her porch .	After she is complete , Sarah feels happy .	She is proud that she cleaned her porch .
4	On the drive home , the dog got sand all over the car .	Todd took his dog to the beach .	The dog ran around and smelled everything .	The dog went in the water and got all wet	The dog rolled in the sand and got all sandy .
2	I decided to build a bridge out of dead wood .	I was hiking in a forest .	I had to cross a stream .	I started to cross the bridge .	The bridge collapsed and I fell into the stream .
0	Today was Claire 's first exam at college .	She was very nervous .	She stayed up all night to study .	As she walked into the room she was trembling .	Thankfully however she did fine .
4	I ended up having a black eye for two weeks and a scrape .	When I was in elementary school I got a black eye .	I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped .	I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement .	I fell flat on my face .
1	He noticed mold above the shower head .	Bob was taking a shower .	He decided to call a plumber .	The plumber gave Bob an estimate .	Bob liked the price and hired the plumber .
2	Ronnie 's daughter made a new friend at school .	Ronnie 's daughter did not want to share her toys .	Ronnie did not know how to make her think differently .	Ronnie 's daughter liked the new friend so much she shared with her .	Ronnie was relieved that the problem had solved itself .
3	When a gory scene came on screen , the date threw up in Doug 's lab .	Doug thought a scary movie would make a great first date .	He pictured his date jumping into his arms out of fright .	Doug chose a new slasher film for the big night .	They left the theater and Doug drove the girl straight home .
1	I needed to get my nails done .	Yesterday I went to the salon .	The nail artist painted them purple .	They looked great .	I could n't wait to show my friends .
0	I had an mTurk task describing birds .	The directions had a detailed drawing .	I learned a lot of new terms .	I did quite a few tasks .	I was happy to make some money and learn something new .
1	There were many cows and horses in the fields nearby .	Valerie was driving along through the countryside .	Suddenly , she spotted a very strange looking animal .	She wondered what was wrong with that horse .	After a moment , she realized it was not a horse , but an alpaca .
2	He added chocolate to the doubt .	Monica likes to cook .	Yesterday she decided to bake a cake .	She put it in the oven .	Twenty minutes later the cake was ready .
0	My cat loves playing strings .	One day , she saw a string hanging from one of my curtains .	She pounced on it !	Unfortunately , she completely tore them .	I had to buy a new set of curtains .
1	One week she decided to buy a lottery ticket .	Ruby was poor but always tried to buy a weekly luxury .	She watched the drawings on TV that night , excited .	The large jackpot was a million , and she did n't get it .	But then she saw she had won the small pot : a thousand dollars !
1	It was something I really wanted to do , since it was a famous course .	While I was in Hawaii , I was able to golf at Kapalua .	The staff were friendly and helpful .	The course was in amazing shape .	I had one of my best rounds and best experiences golfing there .
0	Lisa met her friend Eric while running in the park .	They would see each other a few times a week .	They ran the same pace , so they agreed to start running together .	They really enjoyed each other 's company .	Lisa was delighted when Erik finally asked her on a date .
2	Her cat scratched her right in the leg .	Mary was watching a movie .	Her cat walked up to her foot .	The scratch left a bloody mark .	Mary put a bandage on her leg .
3	When the judges arrived they all had high praise for his project .	Mark worked hard on his project for the science fair .	When it was perfect he went to sleep .	The next day in school he set up his project .	Mark was thrilled when it was announced he was the first prize winner !
0	I sat down to write an essay but I felt no inspiration .	To solve this I took a few drinks of beer to get going .	After the third beer I really felt alive with ideas .	I wrote my essay in record time .	When I got sober I had to edit the essay but it was still great .
4	The tree crushed John and he died .	It was a dark and stormy night , and John was driving too fast .	Approaching a curve in the road , he overcorrected while steering .	This caused his car to slide clear off of the road and into a ditch .	The impact caused a tree to fall right on top of the car .
0	Ellie loves to restore old furniture .	She is at an estate sale looking at a dresser .	She purchases the dresser but has no way to get it home .	Her husband arrives in a truck and they take it home .	They are very happy with their new piece .
0	Jane 's favorite jacket got a hole in it .	She decided to buy a new one .	She did n't see any she liked .	Eventually Jane decided to buy another one like hers .	She went online and was happy with her purchase .
1	He boiled the water and steeped the tea bags .	David wanted to make some tea .	Once he filled the jug with everything he set it aside on the counter .	He had set it on the edge and it fell and spilled out on the floor .	Now he has to clean it up and start over again .
2	One day , Dan let his dog out in the back yard .	The neighbors treated the squirrel as if it was a pet .	They fed it each day and talked to it when they were outside .	He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was .	Dan 's dog was running with a squirrel tail hanging from his mouth .
2	Harry agreed .	Harry would forget lots of things .	His friends suggested he keep an agenda .	He decided to buy a notepad .	Now , Harry was much better at remembering things .
3	My friend recommended Islam .	I was an atheist .	I felt a hole in my life .	I decided to accept religion .	After many years , I became a devout muslim .
0	Max was on his way to a baseball game .	He entered the stadium and found his seat .	As the game commenced he realized he was in the zone for fly balls .	When Rodriguez stepped up to the plate Max lit up with excitement .	Rodriguez hit the ball and it flew right to Max , landing in his glove .
4	Derek makes quite a bit of money with his hobby .	Derek loves to collect playing cards .	He heads to a thrift store and finds some classic cards .	He purchases them and restores them .	Sometimes he sells them .
4	This proved to be a very useful phrase .	There once was a very special raven .	This special raven could speak .	The raven could only say one word though .	The word the raven could say was 'Nevermore ' .
1	She joined her university 's English club to discuss them .	Fran loved reading books .	The club mostly argued about themes .	She started her own book club in the university center .	They had great discussions and Fran really enjoyed herself .
3	My parents let me keep her .	When I was young , I wanted a puppy .	My parents took me to the pound .	I found the cutest dog in the place .	She slept in my lap on the way home .
0	Jen was quite afraid of spiders .	She was in her room alone .	On the ceiling , she noticed several dozen baby spiders .	She screamed and went outside to find her brother .	Jen 's brother took care of the spiders for Jen .
1	He was very hungry because he did not eat lunch that day .	Christian came home from school in the afternoon .	He decided to make himself a snack .	He went to the fridge and made himself a sandwich .	He ate his sandwich and was n't hungry anymore .
3	I had to wait 30 minutes , in the dark for my roadside assistance .	I was riding to a far away location .	I felt my car start bumping and shaking .	My car stopped on the highway , as my car had ran out of gas !	Finally they came to help , and I made it home .
1	The woman offered to give her a ride home .	Lucy was lost when an elderly woman offered to help .	Lucy realized she did n't know her grandparents address .	The lady tried to calm Lucy as she began crying harder .	The nice lady just smiled and drove to a police station .
2	Denise was determined to show her mom how good she was .	Denise had a dream to become a dancer .	Her mom was practical and did n't want Denise to become a dance .	Denise decided for the family get together .	Denise was amazing , she changed her Mom 's mind with her dance .
4	Remy reluctantly ate the chocolate cake .	Remy wanted a carrot cake for her birthday .	But instead she got a chocolate cake .	Remy complained .	But her mom told her the cake was n't the point of her birthday .
3	To Stacy 's surprise , Tom got down on one knee and proposed .	Tom wanted to propose to his girlfriend Stacey .	He took her to her favorite Italian restaurant yesterday .	During their meal they were very happy and flirtatious .	Stacey was in shock and started crying happy tears .
2	She hastily heads straight towards the police station .	Mary notices someone following her home .	She immediately goes of course .	As she walks up the to the station she turns around .	Mary is relieved that it is her husband trying to get her attention .
4	Her mom was upset and sent her to her room .	Jordan was having breakfast .	She was drinking a glass of orange juice with her food .	Suddenly , she bumped the cup and it spilled .	The juice went all over her mom 's antique table cloth .
2	But neither she nor the employee she asked could find the right one .	Barbara was searching for the perfect baby shower gift .	She had decided to get the new mom a car seat .	Frustrated , Barbara called him an idiot and stormed out .	Barbara realized she had been cruel , and went back to apologize .
1	She learns that many restaurants are serving kale in her hometown .	Jenny has never loved eating vegetables .	Jenny decides to buy some kale and cook it at home .	She decides that kale is bitter and disgusting .	Jenny 's encounter with kale has made her hate vegetables even more .
4	The next morning they read that someone had sabotaged the sculptures .	Pat and Lindsay were out on a date walking along the city .	There we beautiful ice sculptures everywhere .	Lindsay asked if she could take a picture with one .	The artist agreed , and Pat snapped a photograph of her with the ice .
0	Sam found a box by his door .	The name of his mother was on it .	He was curious to see what was in it .	How ever he waited till she got home .	When his mom opened it , it was a beautiful dress .
2	Finally Aaron ordered a cup of green tea at a restaurant .	Aaron had always preferred drinking black tea instead of green tea .	His friends tried to convince him to try green tea , but he refused .	He was amazed at how delicious the green tea tasted .	Aaron wished he had been willing to try green tea much earlier .
2	He waited in line for nearly 2 hours .	Timmy had to renew his driver 's license .	He went to his local DMV .	He took a new picture for his driver 's license .	He drove back home after an exhausting day .
3	He called his friend and made overtures of apology .	Ben had a spat with his best friend .	They did not speak for weeks .	But then Ben realized it was silly to fight over something trivial .	To his relief , his friend apologized too !
0	Charlie got a bag of candy from his mom .	He went to his friend 's house to play with the dog .	He brought his bag of candy with him .	Charlie and his friend went inside after playing with the dog .	Charlie forgot his bag outside and the dog ate all of his candy !
3	Till they threw a bucket of water on his back .	Gina 's family was having a water fight .	They were in the yard dousing each other with water .	Her dad thought he had gotten away from the kids .	He winced and grabbed his back as the kids stood laughing .
0	Alice wanted to learn how to kick a corner kick for her team .	She grabbed a ball .	She marked out the correct distance .	She kept practicing until she got the motion down .	Alice kicked the corner in the game that led to the winning header .
4	After being home again , he knew that leaving again would not be easy .	Dave moved to Europe last year but was now returning for a visit .	He was close to his family and had not seen them in over a year .	He knew he would enjoy being back home .	He was worried about one thing , though .
3	Sara picked them gratefully .	Sara was getting married .	She needed a bouquet , fast !	Her neighbor offered Sara roses from his garden .	She had a lovely fresh rose bouquet for her wedding !
0	I work hard everyday to be independent .	Sometimes I do n't have anything to show how hard I work .	I treat myself to fast food when I can .	I steal salt and pepper packets from restaurants .	I fill my home salt and pepper shakers with stolen condiment packets .
3	It hit the television .	Lilly and Molly are sisters .	One day , they got in a fight .	Molly threw a toy .	Now the television is broken .
3	Tim lost decision making abilities and drove home drunk .	Tim never really drank .	One night his friends convinced him to at the club .	Before he knew it he had drank too much .	He got into an accident and was severely injured .
3	They found a lake cabin to rent less than 3 hours away .	Lois wanted to get away for a quiet vacation .	She wanted to rent a cabin but did not know where to find options .	Lois and her husband went to the lake home and cabin show .	Lois and her husband had a nice time at the lake .
1	But his true passion is music .	Bill is a great football player .	Everybody thinks Bill is crazy to give up football to play music .	But Bill gets the last laugh when he becomes a rich rock star .	Unlike most NFL players Bill is able to enjoy his old age .
1	John took a class on climbing at his YMCA .	John wanted to climb a mountain .	John bought a ton of mountain gear .	John got on a plane and flew to Mount Everest .	John successfully reached the summit .
3	Soon his dandruff was gone .	Javier noticed that he was developing dandruff .	He was not sure what was causing his dandruff .	Eventually Javier decided to try a new shampoo .	Javier felt much better .
2	One day Dave asked me out for lunch .	I used to love Dave our neighborhood police officer .	He was a good role model for the community .	I accepted and he raped me .	I no longer trust any cops .
4	She dumped her little friends and made new regular sized friends .	Elaina was a little person .	She hung out with many other little people as friends .	The friends started to bully her and be really mean .	She was used to this from regular people , but not little people !
4	He was able to purchase his shoes for half of the original price .	Mike loved to run .	He wanted a pair of running shoes .	The pair he wanted was very expensive .	Mike waited until the store had their semi annual sale .
4	The rest of his family cleaned the house and had breakfast together .	Zach 's family were spending thanksgiving together .	After they ate , they played several video games .	When the game was done , they realized that it 's morning time .	Zach quickly took a shower and got ready for work .
1	They heard good things about it and decided to give it a try .	A group of friends went to a restaurant .	They all ordered the same thing .	They waited a long time for their meals .	The meals were worth the wait because it was the best quality .
0	Ronald wants to think of something to do with his friends .	He decides that he would like to go bowling with them .	They go to the local bowling alley in the afternoon .	Ronald bowls very well .	He is happy that he found something to do with his friends .
0	The Smith family used to go to Universal Studios for vacation .	One year Universal was closed for renovations , so they went to Disney .	They had a great time on all the rides at Disney World .	They ate great food and watched fireworks every night .	Now the Smiths go to Disney every year !
4	After waiting the whole night , the tornado passed and they were safe .	Bill was at home with his family one weekend day .	Out of nowhere , it became very stormy and windy .	Bill checked the news and saw a tornado warning on all channels .	He took his family into their basement with supplies .
3	The piercer did it quickly and easily .	Annie begged her mom to let her get her ears pierced .	Finally her mom said yes .	They went to the mall .	Annie loved her new earrings .
2	They all went to the adoption center to choose a dog .	Marco really wanted a new puppy .	He asked his mom and dad for one , and they said yes !	There , a husky licked Marco 's face and loved to play with the ball !	They took the husky home and named him Albert .
0	Every year Quentin avoids filing his taxes until as long as he can .	Now as April approaches , he feels uneasy and unhappy .	Finally he decides to sit down and finish his taxes .	It is even more boring and painful than he had expected !	However , Quentin is happy to be done with taxes for another year .
2	He gave his discs out to people in his community .	Jake wanted to be a famous rapper .	He made recordings of himself rapping in his basement .	People loved his music .	Jake was signed to a record label after a famous producer heard him .
0	Sam wanted pancakes for breakfast .	He loved pancakes and missed eating them as a kid .	But he realized he was out of pancake mix .	Sam 's friend called inviting him to IHOP for breakfast .	Sam did n't even have to cook his pancakes for breakfast .
3	He entered a race .	Tyler loved to run and worked very hard .	He ran after school .	He ran on the weekends .	Tyler won the race !
1	She had been waiting all year for the 2 weeks the fair is in town .	Amy was going to the Minnesota State Fair .	She drove to the park and ride station .	An angry man informed Amy the bus was broken .	Amy returned home rather than wait 2 hours for a new bus .
3	This is the year that Ed is going to retire .	Ed is a school bus driver .	He has been doing this job for forty Year 's .	People always laughed at Ed and said that he had to find a better job .	He proved people wrong because he now has a great retirement plan .
3	He wondered if he could keep up with the times .	Orson was a great baseball player .	He had been in the game for over twenty years .	He noticed his body giving out more and more .	Orson decided to retire .
0	Zach needed a date for his brothers wedding .	He went all over the city talking to girls .	Finally he met a girl who would go to the wedding with him .	The wedding day came and she would n't answer her phone .	This is happened before , Zach is very sad , but will enjoy the wedding .
1	He gathered up the courage to talk to her .	Frank developed a crush on the new girl in school .	Frank was terribly nervous .	He quickly realized that she was amazing .	Frank asked her out on a date .
0	It was Carl 's first day of middle school .	And after every class , he got more and more books to carry .	He put some in his backpack .	But when he stood up , he fell backwards .	Carl hated middle school .
0	Lulu was on her way at the airport to Florida .	She ran through the terminals .	Yet to her dismay , her luggage broke .	All her clothes fell out on the floor .	Lulu had to quickly pick it all up .
2	Katy had never eaten lobster before so she tried it that day .	Katy went to Red Lobster for the first time .	She was so excited to try out a new restaurant .	She finished her meal and then she began to itch all over her body .	It was that day Katy discovered she was allergic to lobster .
0	David awoke to the acrid smell of smoke .	The air in his room was hazy and it was hard to breathe .	He dropped to the floor and touched the door , finding it cool .	He heard sirens as he crawled down the hall to his sister 's room .	Together , they escaped the fire and found their relieved parents .
0	I got detention for the first time in 12th grade .	It was embarrassing because I never got in trouble before .	I took the slip to my mom for her to sign .	I sat in the room and read quietly .	I left the room with a load off my shoulders .
0	Kelly found a great used car in the paper .	She went to see it , and she loved it .	She did n't have enough money to pay for it , though .	She offered the seller a lesser amount , and he accepted it !	Kelly was able to drive away in her new car !
4	However at the end of the flight it was n't so bad after all .	Tim was riding in a plane for the first time to Hawaii .	He had never been on a plane before .	The thought of flying scared him .	As soon as the flight was about to take off , he shut his eyes .
2	Wanda was going to throw it away , but wanted to recycle it .	Wanda found an old tire in her front yard .	Someone had just thrown it there instead of disposing of it .	She looked online and saw a tutorial to make a pond with an old tire .	Wanda followed the guide and happily enjoyed her new pond .
1	I decided to buy new headphones .	My cats chewed through my headphone cords .	I went to the store and looked all around .	None of the headphones suited me .	I went home empty handed because I was too selective .
1	She was very excited as they went into the pet store .	Jessica finally got her parents to agree to let her have a cat .	Jessica picked out a pretty black and white kitten with blue eyes .	Jessica held the kitten while her parents talked with the salesman .	Jessica played with her kitten on the way back home .
3	The self checkouts had the shortest lines .	My husband and I went to the supermarket today to buy groceries .	We used the weekly circular to determine which items were on sale .	We bought celery , lettuce , cottage cheese , and eggs .	We paid for our groceries and were on our way .
3	When she looked in the mirror her hair was flat and frizzy .	Jane was out of hairspray one morning .	She ran to her daughter 's room and grabbed a bottle .	Jane sprayed her hair heavily then left .	Her daughter later told her the hairspray bottle was full of water .
2	We went to the park and roller skating too .	Grandma came to pick me up today .	She was taking me out with her to play .	Spending time with Grandma is my favorite thing to do .	I ca n't wait to see Grandma again next week !
3	Lara was so upset she wrote them a letter .	It was the end of the month for Lara 's magazine .	She was getting upset because she loved that magazine .	The magazine stopped making magazines .	She still wanted to read it .
2	Sarah orders salmon and rice .	Sarah wants a nice meal for dinner .	Sarah decides to go get seafood .	Sarah enjoys her salmon and rice dinner .	Sarah orders dessert as well .
3	Yet when she went outside , the wind took it .	Kelly got a balloon at the dentist yesterday .	It was red and round .	Kelly held the balloon tight .	Kelly had no more balloon .
0	Eli predicted the stock market trends on a lark .	When every prediction came true his friends were in awe .	They asked him to do it for the next day .	His predictions turned out to be sheer luck .	Eli 's friends were angry when they lost money on their purchases .
1	When I arrived the flight was delayed because of a storm .	I drove to the airport to go to Puerto Rico .	The plane finally left but not before the connecting flight took off .	I had to stay the night in Florida .	The next morning the weather was perfect and I went to Puerto Rico .
4	Mira tried the breakfast and was very happy with it .	Mira loved to try new foods .	Mira wanted to eat a new restaurant near her .	Unfortunately , she was very busy at work .	On the weekend she was finally able to go to the restaurant .
1	Lucy wanted to rent a movie that she had started , but fell asleep on .	Lucy and her grandma went to Blockbuster .	There were no copies on the shelf .	She asked the cashier , hoping there was a copy in the return slot .	Lucy was disappointed to find the movie was out of stock for a week .
4	He got even worse and had to go to the doctor again anyway .	Andy got very sick and went to the hospital .	The doctor prescribed a few medications , and two seemed to really help	The other one got left out for a year until it expired .	Andy got sick again , found this old medication , and took some .
4	Tim ended up failing his homework .	Tim needed help with his homework .	He asked his brother John to help him .	John told Tim that he could n't help him right now .	John was busy playing video games .
4	Now Paul is grounded for two weeks .	Paul did n't want to go to school today .	He pretended to be sick .	He stayed home and was playing video games .	When his mom saw how good he was feeling , she knew he lied .
4	He won an award for his innovative english teaching methods .	A man bought a label maker and began to label everything he owned .	He then charged admission for ESL student to come and study his house .	He made so much money that be bought a store and labeled that too .	At his store he hired the students who came to his house .
2	Susan had to keep scraping together money for her sweet prince .	Susan met a nice prince on the Internet .	She wanted to help him claim his fortune .	Sadly , she lost touch with him when she went broke .	Susan still hopes her prince will find her again someday .
4	I did n't mind so much since I always keep my cash in my pocket .	Last night I was walking home from a party .	The weather was bad so I took a shortcut through an alley .	Mid-way through the alley a man with a knife demanded my wallet .	I handed him my wallet and he ran away .
2	Then he called a support line .	Carl had a gambling problem .	He knew he had to stop , but he just could n't .	They referred him to helpful talk therapy .	With their help , Carl was finally able to get well !
1	He told the girl she was pretty and smart .	Sam had a crush on a shy girl at work .	The shy girl asked Sam to meet her for lunch .	At lunch she asked Sam if he had ever been in love .	Sam 's heart felt crushed when the girl mentioned another guy .
2	All of the other players were bigger than me .	My friend invited me to play rugby .	I accepted his invitation .	I was scared but I played the game anyways .	One of the players tackled me and my lower lumbar disc herniated .
0	When my husband and I decided to move to Florida , we sold everything .	We came here with nothing but a blow up mattress to sleep on .	After finally settling in , we bought a Christmas tree for our home .	We bought a 6 foot fake palm tree that we decorated with seashells .	This tree is a real hit on facebook to the people back home !
3	He worked her hard to get certified as a teacher .	Riley had always loved to teach and tutor other people .	His family told him that he would be a naturally good teacher .	Riley decided to try to follow their advice and become a teacher .	When he finally became certified , Riley knew he was on the right path .
3	The first time a centipede crossed his path he screamed like a girl .	In the desert of New Mexico there are lots of nasty critters .	I was taught to be careful of rattlesnakes and scorpions .	My husband grew up back east where they did n't have so much open land .	That was just about the funniest thing I 've ever seen .
0	Monica was taking her daughter to see Santa at the mall .	The line was insanely long .	Monica did n't want to wait but knew her daughter would be upset .	Finally she decided to just suck it up and wait .	They actually made it through the line quicker than expected .
1	All the students were listening .	The teacher was teaching the lesson .	Tom was thinking of a question to ask .	He raised his hand .	The teacher called on him .
1	She had surpassed the best score he had ever gotten !	Cindy bragged to her brother about how well she had done at bowling .	Suspicious , her brother asked her if the bumpers had been up .	It turns out they had been , but she had n't known what they were .	Cindy was embarrassed to have been so ignorant and boastful .
1	He loved to use them while playing in the pool .	Last weekend Josiah had two beach balls .	He was supposed to put them away when he was done .	His mom found them on Sunday , blowing around the yard .	She popped them because she was tired of putting them away .
1	He used to take motion sickness pills before each ride .	Sebastian had motion sickness every time he rode on a train .	He went to his doctor to discuss the problem .	His doctor told him that he needed surgery to fix the problem .	Sebastian opted to not go to surgery and just deal with it .
4	The machine began running smoothly and quietly .	The washing machine was making a terrible banging noise .	Frank came downstairs to see what was the matter .	He found the clothes clumped together on one side of the machine .	Frank spread the wet clothes evenly in the machine .
0	I love eating pasta .	Pasta is my favorite dish .	I decided to make my own pasta .	It took me many hours .	It paid off because homemade pasta is the best !
3	There was a half eaten piece of cheese at the bottom of the pile .	I walked by the laundry room this morning .	I smelled an awful aroma coming from the hamper .	I emptied all of the clothes .	I washed the hamper as soon as I got all the clothes out .
2	He hurried to mix up some kool-aid .	Alan was so thirsty .	He had no soda or juice !	Then he drank it down greedily .	It felt so great to quench his thirst !
2	The center had school funds available to those who qualified for it .	Lindsay was unemployed and did n't know what to do .	She decided to join a workforce center to seek out options .	Lindsay ended up qualifying for the funds and went back to school .	She ended up getting a job in her field six months later .
1	She wanted to make sure she would look good .	Iris really needed a new hair treatment .	She went to the salon and saw what they could do .	She decided to get a straightening treatment .	When it was done it was great .
1	He decided to cancel the services .	Bob hated his current cable provider .	He started looking for a new provider .	He found a great deal and bought it .	His new provider was great !
1	The boat was delivered to Guy the next day .	Guy bought a boat off a man he knew at work .	Guy saw that the boat needed major work to make it seaworthy .	He took notes of all of the problems on the boat .	When he was done , he began to fix it starting at the top of the list .
4	He now regrets his poor decisions he has made .	Blaine always spent too much money .	He never learned how to budget his income .	Blaine racked up a large amount of debt .	Blaine then declared bankruptcy .
3	She says yes .	Jason has been lonely for many Year 's .	Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend .	Jason asks Rebecca out on a date .	Jason is happy to be out on a date with someone .
1	She invited her family to see it with her .	Shannon 's new movie was coming out in theaters .	They watched it .	By the time it was over , everyone clapped .	It was a great movie .
2	Sam stopped and looked to see where it came from .	Sam walked through the hallway to his office while reading a paper .	A drop of water splashed on the paper as he read .	Another drop of water landed on his head .	Sam looked up and saw a leak in the ceiling .
4	Ava was secretly relieved !	Ava was at a slumber party .	The kids started playing truth or dare .	Ava was nervous and did n't know which she 'd pick .	But the party was broken up before it was her turn .
1	He chemically diluted it and began experimenting with it .	Seth dug up some uranium .	As he was working with it , he pricked his finger with a needle .	The element embedded itself into the tip of his finger .	Though he lived , Seth 's urine contains trace amounts of uranium .
1	She put off doing her research until day before the project was due .	Thao needed to do a school project on dinosaurs .	She tried to run to the library for books but it was closed !	Thao was not able to complete the project on time .	Thao 's did not get a good grade because the project was late .
0	Dave is gay .	He wanted to finally come out .	He came out to his parents first .	They were fine with it .	He was very happy .
0	Allie and Sarah were having a sleepover .	Suddenly , a fight broke out .	Allie was so mad at Sarah that she left .	They stayed mad all night .	The next morning Sarah felt bad and went to Allies house to apologize .
3	He sprayed my bedroom window with the pressure washer .	Several workers were pressure-washing my house in the morning .	I spent hours giving them directions such as where to work .	However , one of the workers started to become drowsy .	The window shattered into pieces .
1	Every night they met in the kitchen .	Three friends lived together .	They sat at the table and discussed their problems .	Cheesecake was the fortitude of these conversations .	Each night ended with a slice and a hug .
2	Chris did the chores he was asked to do .	Chris wanted money for a new bike .	His dad decided to give him extra allowance if he did more chores .	His dad gave him the extra allowance .	Chris was able to get his new bike .
0	Gina liked Jamie , but he was popular and had lots of friends .	Now he had broken his leg .	Everyone was crowded around him asking questions .	Gina could n't get close to him .	She could see he was more popular than ever .
1	One Wednesday , Bruce went to his favorite pizza place .	Stanley went out to eat pizza every Wednesday .	He was surprised to see that it had been shut down .	It had been closed for health code violations .	Now Stanley eats hamburgers every Wednesday .
2	She refused to wear them and said she was n't cold .	Winters are cold and snowy where we live .	My daughter has often left school in a snowstorm and no coat or boots .	In the Spring she will sometimes wear a coat .	But the next winter she thinks she does not need one .
1	The entire Morgan Memorial building was on fire .	In 1963 we saw a big fire down the street .	We could see flames everywhere .	The fire department evacuated our building because it was close .	We got back in by the end of the day .
2	Tara chased after the seagull .	Tara was eating ice cream by the beach .	All of a sudden , a seagull scooped her ice cream out of her hand .	She tripped over a log on the beach .	Tara had to get stitches on her foot afterwards .
0	Kelly went to the bowling alley .	She picked up the ball and started rolling .	Unfortunately on the next try she dropped it .	The bowl dropped on her toe .	Kelly had to stop .
3	She fell asleep and accidentally burned down the house .	Margo liked to smoke .	She hid this from everyone she knew .	One afternoon , Margo was smoking in her chair .	Now everyone knows Margot smokes .
1	The day before the competition she fell at school .	Cara practiced very hard because she had a cheer competition soon .	Cara was in a lot of pain so she went to the office .	Her dad took her to the doctor and her foot was broken .	Cara was not able to cheer and was very sad .
1	The girls were canoeing a local river .	Cassie was on a church girl 's trip .	Cassie had a really hard time with the paddles .	She tried her best to keep up , but she could n't .	Luckily everyone was very understanding .
0	The light bulb above Erin 's desk was broken .	So Erin decided to replaced it .	He stood on his wooden desk and reached for the bulb .	But the weak legs of the desk collapsed .	Now the light bulb and desk were broken too .
4	But they had no regrets .	Jill and Roy decided to eat at an Indian restaurant .	They were feeling adventurous .	So they ordered extremely spicy lamb curry .	It was so spicy that they cried through the whole meal .
1	A waiter walked over and took their order .	Hillary and her husband went to a restaurant by the sea .	While waiting , the restaurant began to call talk about dolphins .	Hillary and her husband looked over and saw dolphins in the water .	The dolphins eventually left and their food arrived .
4	They were disappointed because nothing much happened .	Luis was interested in the supernatural .	He decided to have a seance .	Several friends came over and they lit some candles .	They held hands and tried to summon some spirits .
3	He returned to strain the spaghetti but everything stuck to the pot .	Hal was asked to cook the spaghetti noodles for dinner .	His mom made the sauce and set the table .	Hal put the noodles in the boiling water and set the timer .	He forgot to stir the spaghetti noodles and dinner was ruined .
0	One of my guilty pleasures is watching reality tv .	Yesterday I felt lazy and decided to stay in all day .	I turned on the television and out on reality tv .	The kardashians were on .	I ended up watching for six hours .
1	I decided to sing her a funny song .	My wife was feeling sad .	She shouted at me because the song was terrible .	Then , she told me I got her pregnant on accident .	Then , I also became sad .
3	Dismayed , she found her butterflies dead later .	Tiffany loved butterflies .	Because of this , her grandparents bought her a butterfly net .	She hunted and caught the butterflies to put them in a jar .	Tiffany broke her butterfly net in half .
0	Tom was at a birthday party .	His stomach was upset .	He ran to the bathroom .	Tom lit a match and opened a window trying to hide the smell .	When he went into the kitchen everybody stared and laughed .
4	Jeff stormed out , never to be seen again while Suze enjoyed the quiet .	Jeff flew into a rage , finding his paper clips scattered on the floor .	Suze screamed at Jeff to shut up and just pick up the damn clips .	Jeff flew into another rage at Suze 's command .	Suze whispered in Jeff 's ear a string of commands .
2	They fit too tight .	Becky bought new shoes .	She loved the way they looked .	At first Becky dealt with it .	Eventually it was too much and she had to exchange them .
4	The clever photo helped Alan return the camera .	Alan found a camera on the pier downtown .	It had no tag to identify its owner .	He took it home and saw what was on it .	There was a photo of the owner with his contact information !
1	She wanted to live with her mom .	Liz 's parents got a divorce .	Her mom requested full custody .	The judge granted the request .	Liz and her mom live together happily .
0	Mrs Johnson told Daniel to come straight home from school .	Daniel stopped at the corner store for chips .	Daniel left his money in his room .	The store owner gave Daniel a bag of chips .	But the owner called his mom to let her know .
2	At the village , India got to eat local foods with the natives .	India had the opportunity to visit Alaska .	However , India was more excited to visit an Igloo village .	In addition , India 's got to fulfill her dream of going inside an Igloo .	India was so excited , that she took pictures inside the Igloo .
3	The next thing I remember was the paramedics pulling me out of the car	The car seemed to come out of nowhere .	It slammed into the side of my car .	I remember the airbag deploying .	My car was totaled .
0	Darrin wanted to start a record label but did n't know what to call it .	He tried several names but they were all taken .	His wife told him to try something not so fancy .	Darrin looked around his house and saw a plunger .	So he came up with the name Plunger Records .
3	It continues to wobble .	My aunt has a table that wobbles .	She has placed it in different places .	She has put small items under some of the legs .	The only thing she refuses to do is replace it .
3	Patty went with him to his house .	Patty had a husband .	One day she walked to the store and met a guy .	He flirted with her .	Patty cheated on her husband .
4	The puppy hopped out and they played together all day long .	It was Mazie 's birthday and a brightly colored box sat before her .	Her parents urged her to open it .	She pulled off the lid and let out a squeal of delight .	`` A puppy '' she squeaked excitedly reaching into the box .
0	Mary was afraid of water .	Mary and her friend were playing near a pond .	Mary 's friend fell into the water .	Mary pulled her friend out of the water .	Mary became a lifeguard the following year .
3	They grabbed some dynamite and blew the entrance open .	An archeologist was studying some old ruins .	His team discovered an old tunnel and decided to explore it .	When they entered the tunnel , they found a large barrier .	When they opened the wall , they saw that the tunnel was empty .
3	She over an hour and thought of leaving .	Pam was on a cruise ship .	She has always wanted to see dolphins .	So she stood out on the deck and looked at the ocean .	But then she saw a group of dolphins leap out of the ocean .
3	He refused to stop and ask for directions .	I saw the most beautiful lamp advertised in a garage sale ad .	I wrote down the directions to the sale and my husband drove me .	He thought he knew where he was going but he was very lost .	By the time we finally found the sale the lamp was already sold .
3	Then , Bree jumped .	Bree and her friends were playing on her trampoline .	They decided to try jumping on it from the roof .	They all climbed up onto the roof .	She was badly hurt and all of her friends decided not to jump .
0	Emmy noticed an aisle of fat-free food at the store .	She loaded her cart , picturing the weight she 'd lose .	After a month of fat-free food , Emmy got on the scale .	She was distraught to see she 'd gained weight .	Then she checked the food labels and saw the calorie counts .
4	I looked in the tree and saw the cat happily sitting on a branch .	We have a cat that has been declawed .	She always tries to climb trees whenever we take her outside .	She never gets far and I think that makes her unhappy .	Today after I put up our artificial Christmas Tree I heard a noise .
2	So , she taught him to shake .	Tina had a new puppy .	She wanted to teach him a trick .	She did it by bribing him with treats .	The puppy quickly learned to shake .
3	Then he climbed down and surveyed his work .	Ben was decorating the house for Christmas .	He decided to put lights on the roof too .	He climbed his ladder and draped them up there .	He now had the most festive house on the block !
2	They chatted about their jobs and homes .	Tom commutes on the train to work every day .	He usually sits alone , but today a nice lady sat next to him .	Tom asked for her number .	She gave her number and Tom was happy to have a new friend .
0	Maria just got her driver 's license .	Her friend all wanted to go to the movies .	Maria needed money for gas to get there .	Maria made her friends each give her five bucks for gas .	Maria filled her tank and had money to spare .
2	I looked at my violin .	Last night was my violin concert .	I was nervous to get onstage .	It had all these scratches .	I hoped no one would notice .
3	Finally , she decided on a career that would work for her .	Shay loved to read , and she was always buried in a book .	Her mom suggested Shay become a writer .	But Shay just was n't very creative !	She became an editor , and still got paid to read every day !
4	The two went out the next day .	Lily really liked spending time with her friend Lewis .	They hung out everyday .	Lewis asked her out .	Lily was surprised but said yes .
3	He was cold and aloof , and Drita fell out of love .	Drita 's husband was locked up in jail .	She was awaiting him getting out soon .	When he finally got out , he was so different .	As soon as he found work , Drita kicked him out !
2	He picked out a pair of white shoes on sale for $ 50 .	Johnny needed to buy new basketball shoes for his basketball league .	He went to the mall to look for a pair .	When he got home he tried on his shoes .	He played a game of basketball in his new shoes that same night .
0	Mark was a missionary who was sent to North Korea .	While there , he was placed in a hotel with state television .	On state TV , reports came in that their famous astronaut had returned .	The report said they were proud to have sent a man to Saturn .	Mark was amazed at the deceit practiced by this regime .
3	He was devastated .	Larry was up for a big promotion	He had already spent the money on a new pool .	When it came time for the promotion Larry did n't get it .	He went into debt over the pool .
4	Afterwards , she was very proud of her resolve .	Anna was having her first baby .	She did not want to use any drugs .	The pain grew excruciating .	She almost gave in , but she managed to resist .
0	Me and my brother needed to get my mom a gift .	We knew she wanted a new tablet .	We decided to put our money together and get her the tablet .	Excited , we gave her the gift .	She was thrilled and cried when she saw what it was .
2	I tried to swat it with my arm .	I went to a barbecue at my uncle 's house today .	There was a bee flying around my food .	The bee buzzed and stung me on the arm .	I was in so much pain .
4	Shiloh makes it fun to come home .	Shiloh is the third dog that I have owned .	She is the most loving and friendly dog ever !	Everytime I leave the house Shiloh misses me very much .	When I return home she greets me with a smile and wagging tail .
0	Bill was out one Friday afternoon and decided to go to a coffee shop .	There , he ordered his favorite coffee drink , an iced caramel latte .	He sat down to read a book , and he saw a man with the same book .	They struck up a conversation about the book that lasted three hours .	His name was Ted , and he was Bill 's new best friend .
3	After 3 days Beth left and returned home .	Amy 's friend Beth came for a visit from out of state .	Amy was happy to see Beth after 2 years away .	They went to the theater , and the museum .	Amy was very happy with Beth 's visit .
2	They came by and hosed the house down .	Danny 's house caught on fire .	The cops came and got the fire department .	His house ended up being fine	Danny was relieved
2	Matt slipped on the floor right in front of his table .	Today is Matt 's first day as a waiter .	Matt got the drinks for his very first customers .	He spilled the drinks all over the table .	Matt was so embarrassed .
4	Hattie moved into the new place but was very upset about it .	Hattie lived by herself in her house .	As the years passed her health began to decrease .	Hattie could no longer care for herself the way she needed .	Her family wanted to move her into a retirement home .
3	He read the questions out loud as they scribbled down their answers .	Mister Smith 's students would not stop talking .	So Mister Smith decided he was going to give them a pop quiz .	He told the class to each pull out a piece of notebook paper .	He then collected the papers to grade that night .
2	He drove his car in that direction .	A man drove his car on an open road .	He saw something fall from the sky .	After 3 miles he arrived at the thing .	He stopped his car and looked at it before driving off .
2	She put a tarantula in a box of chocolates .	Billy and mandy were best friends .	One day mandy decided to give billy a present .	When they met up , mandy handed billy the chocolate box .	When billy found the tarantula , he fainted .
2	His pants no longer fit him very well .	Marco has been trying to lose weight for months .	Finally he finds that he is losing weight .	Instead of buying new pants , Marco buys a belt so his pants fit .	He is happy to have lost so much weight .
4	When the producer found out Jack was immediately asked to leave .	Jack was auditioning for a reality show .	He was in the waiting room with some other auditioners .	Suddenly , a fight broke out between some of the guys .	Jack became involved in the fight .
3	Some people booed , because Jacob was distracting them from the game .	Jacob tried to propose to Lisa at a basketball game .	When Jacob got down on one knee , most of the crowd cheered .	Except , Jacob did n't propose during a break in the game .	Security-guards escorted Jacob and Lisa from the game .
1	Many kids like to build castles and play with cars in the dirt .	The sandbox at school was very popular .	One day a boy was digging and found a very old pair of glasses .	He took it to the office , and they put it in the lost and found .	A week later an old man came and claimed the glasses .
1	They tried to kill zombies , but they always ended up losing the game .	Ed and Sam were playing a video game together .	Then they went online and joined a party of 7 other players .	The nine of them were much more skilled and able .	Ed and Sam finally got to kill the zombies and win the game !
2	So he goes to a hair doctor .	Bob 's hair is really thinning out .	It even starts to come out in the shower .	The doctor gives him a hair transplant .	When the transplant is done Bob looks ten years younger .
4	I walked back to the table .	Stan decided to purchase a pizza for the family ,	As soon as he placed the food on the table , the family came .	They shoved me in the back of the room .	Although I felt unappreciated , I held my own ground .
0	Gina loved Easter morning .	She loved finding the basket that the bunny had brought .	She always hoped it would be filled with candy and such .	This time it was filled with all of her favorite things .	She was happy that it was another great Easter .
0	My husband and I own a small boat .	We often take the boat fishing in Mexico .	One night it was close to sunset and we decided to come in .	The motor died so we had to paddle over one mile back to shore .	We arrived safely after 2 hours .
2	Everyone was so friendly and greeted you with leias .	We went to Hawaii on our honeymoon .	Although it was a long flight , it was tolerable by flying first class .	The weather was amazing , and it was a once in lifetime experience .	While the wedding was great , the honeymoon was even better .
3	However , when he gets to graduate school , he feels great .	Bill decides that he wants to pursue a master 's degree after college .	While his friends are all looking for jobs , he is applying for school .	At first Bill worries that he is making the wrong decision .	Bill is proud that he will soon have a master 's degree .
1	Since she liked school , Abby usually got good grades .	Abby really likes school .	But Abby had the ACT coming up and she was very nervous .	She studied very hard because she knew this was important .	She ended up getting a good score , and a college scholarship !
3	They had a lot of fun during the shoot .	Jenny was a photographer .	Today was her first professional job .	She did a photo shoot for a pregnant couple .	After they were done , the couple promised to leave a positive review .
0	John was excited to get a new 60 inch TV .	He mounted the TV on his wall .	As he was watching the football game his dog knocked over his TV .	The TV broken in a million pieces .	John called his insurance company and was able to get a replacement .
1	Christmas was coming and there were presents to buy .	Hannah was a stay-home mom looking to make some extra cash .	Hannah found a company that would pay her for secret shopping trips .	She was able to do these shops while her children were in school .	She received her payment and went Christmas shopping for her family .
2	He ran through all of his search tools once more .	Jack stared at the computer screen .	He needed a hit .	No hits were found .	Jack stared at the screen and sighed .
3	His friends noticed .	Ben had surgery in June .	He was given pain pills .	He began to become addicted .	They made him seek help .
1	Every night he pretended to do a weather forecast for his parents .	James wanted to be a weatherman when he grew up .	His mother encouraged him .	His father rolled his eyes and told James to stop being a girl .	Eventually , James stopped his weather forecasts .
0	Lisa was nervous for her quiz today .	She was shaking as she walked into the room .	When she got into the room she was sad .	Finally she sat down and went to take it .	To her surprise it was not that bad .
3	He would go on to repeat this process and gained a good reputation .	Terry had several items to ship to customers .	He had limited time to do this , as he wanted happy customers .	Terry efficiently had them all ready for one visit to the post office .	His business took off from there and earned him a comfortable living .
2	Then she calmed down .	Anne woke up trembling .	She was trapped in the dark .	She had had a nightmare , that was all .	Anne turned the light on to help her calm down .
4	Her father reprimanded her severely over it .	Kim was flying a kite .	All of a sudden the wind picked up .	She tried to hold on but it was too much .	The kite flew away .
1	On the way home , her and her husband were nervous .	Gina gave birth to a baby girl at the hospital .	They walked into their house and were even scared to drop her .	They spent more time with their new baby and became used to her .	They realized that they were overreacting and were going to be fine .
1	He took it out for a ride one hot afternoon .	Eli got a new motorcycle last summer .	Eli rode to his friend 's house .	His friend got out his motorcycle .	The two of them rode together for hours .
3	I stopped to see what it was .	I was driving down the road on Halloween night .	Out of the corner of my eye something dashed out into my car .	It hit my front right wheel .	To my terror I saw a cat flopping around trying to get away .
0	I did a lot of mTurk work for Corbis .	Corbis showed 40 photos .	I had to say whether the photo agreed with a certain theme .	Examples of themes were family , lifestyle , and summer .	I was unhappy when Corbis discontinued their business with mTurk .
1	She selected 12 donuts .	Jill 's mom sent her into the donut shop to buy a dozen .	The worker said to pick one more .	He told her they sold baker 's dozens , which were 13 .	But she still only had to pay for 12 .
0	Latoya wanted to buy Samia a pet .	Samia wanted a dog .	Latoya wanted a fish .	They agreed to go to a pet store .	An hour later they decided to buy a goldfish .
3	Tom went home instead .	Tom was running late to his doctor 's appointment .	He was stuck in traffic .	Tom decided to cancel his doctor 's appointment .	He had to pay a $ 50 fine for missing his appointment .
4	He was very thankful .	Bertha works in a soup kitchen .	One day a man came in .	He was very hungry .	Bertha offered him an extra portion of food .
4	It was pretty bad and she had to stay somewhere else that night .	Cammie was out at the store .	She was coming home when she saw a commotion on her street .	Soon she realized that it was in front of her house .	There was a fire in her house .
4	The room got better after we sealed the windows .	Last week the weather turned very cold here in Boston .	It was 8 degrees .	The wind blew through our windows , lowering room temperatures .	My wife and I had to seal up the windows
3	They fished for 3 days while there .	Kathy and her husband went on vacation .	They loved the outdoors .	So they chose Alaska for their trip .	She brought home 20 lbs of salmon .
1	So I went to the store and bought some bombs .	I came home one day to find the biggest roaches dead on my floor .	I set them up upstairs and downstairs .	The bombs went off .	I have not seen anymore roaches .
4	Upon landing , Joe was grateful to still be alive !	Joe 's roommate , Steve , was taking flying lessons .	Steve invited Joe to accompany him during a practice flight .	Joe and Steve took off in Steve 's tiny practice prop plane .	The flight was bumpy and scary for Joe .
1	She was wearing her favorite pink backpack .	It was Tina 's first day of school .	However to her dismay , Stacey had the same bag .	Tina was very upset .	She never wanted to wear it again .
2	The rest of the family decided to hand out their presents .	When I saw Elena in person , I handed her a diamond necklace .	She got excited and hugged me .	My mom also asked Elena about the gift she bought for me .	Elena simply gave me a high five .
1	When the door was open , a bird flew in .	Paige was going inside .	The bird freaked out and began flying all over .	It pooped everywhere .	Paige had to call animal control to get it out .
0	My friend Jason was taking flying lessons .	One pretty Saturday he invited me to go up with him on a flight .	On the tarmac I saw we would be flying in a tiny prop plane .	Jason did barrel rolls , dips , and engine stalls .	When we landed I kissed the ground more than once .
3	The second time they were there a jaguar escaped its enclosure .	Michael and his friend Carla met in Singapore for a two week vacation .	They went somewhere new every day .	Carla talked Michael into visiting the zoo two times .	All of the people had to be evacuated until the animal was caught .
0	I was at the lake last weekend .	While walking by the ducks I decided to throw some bread at them .	They liked it and chased me as I walked away .	No matter how fast I went they kept chasing .	I had to run to my car and drive away from the darn ducks .
2	She asked her friend Dawn how she could lose weight .	Stacy enjoyed drinking sodas .	She noticed she was gaining weight .	Dawn told her to stop drinking sodas .	Stacy lost 5 pounds in a week after giving up on drinking soda .
3	As Hallie arrived , she was greeted by her family and friends .	Hallie recently moved from her hometown of Miami , to Washington , DC .	However , Thanksgiving was a week away , and she was feeling lonely .	Hallie decided , that maybe a trip to Miami would lift her spirits .	Hallie realized that she was home , her heaven on Earth .
0	Kay was downtown on business and needed things for the house .	There was a Target downtown so she decided to stop there .	She was not happy to have to pay $ 3 for parking .	In the store everything was more expensive than the store by her home .	Kay decided to avoid this store from now on .
0	My Grandma is out of her hair tape .	She uses it to keep her hair in place while she sleeps .	She got to Sally 's but they are out .	The other beauty store does not know what she is talking about .	Grandma does n't know what to do , she hates messy hair .
3	I looked in my cabinets and found crackers .	I was watching TV .	I suddenly felt very hungry .	I got up to find a snack .	I went back to my chair with the crackers .
2	They had to drive through the woods , and through a big city .	Jessie was about to go to summer camp .	First , his mom had to drive him to the bus stop to catch the camp bus .	Finally , they arrived at the bus stop .	Jessie said goodbye to his mom and boarded the camp bus .
2	He fell during practice and hurt his knee .	Scott was excited to play in the football game .	He got to the field early for extra practice .	Scott was so disappointed that he could n't play .	He did cheer his team on from the sidelines .
0	Conrad notices that his city has become very cold this winter .	He knows he needs to dress warmer , but he does n't know what to wear .	Finally a friend convinces him to try wearing a scarf to stay warmer .	Conrad has never worn one before , but he finds that he loves it .	He is very happy to have a scarf for the cold weather .
4	He tells Bill that the book is worth 100k !	Bill buys a bunch of old comics at a yard sale and forgets about them .	His friend who is a comics expert visits Bob .	He eagerly looks through them .	He screams in delight when he sees one particular comic .
4	Danny returned home with ice cream , wine and roses for his Valentine .	Morris called Danny to remind him to pick up ice cream for the cake .	As soon as he hung up , Morris realized he forgot something else .	He called Danny back .	He asked him to pick up some wine too .
0	Jessica takes up running in order to lose some weight .	She hires a coach to help her begin the process .	Her coach encourages her to participate in a race .	She finishes the race and beats her personal record .	Jessica is so proud and motivated that she continues to lose weight .
3	The airport also had many twists and turns .	When I landed in Orlando it was chaos .	I thought it would be a simple airport but it was anything but .	I tried to find my way around but the crowds of people were in the way	It took me about an hour simply to get through .
0	Marsha was upset about getting assigned the difficult project .	All projects at the firm paid equal amounts .	Marsha complained to her co-workers about her assignment .	One of her co-workers reported Marsha to the supervisors .	Marsha was assigned the project and not given a bonus that year .
0	Kevin wrote his crush love letters often .	He never got the courage to give her any .	Instead he hid them in his locker .	One day his crush accidentally found them all .	She thought it was a bit creepy and a bit romantic .
2	She selected the flowers and began to plant them .	Susan loved to garden .	She wanted to plant some new flowers in her garden .	After she was done , she admired her work .	Then her dog trampled her newly planted flowers .
0	Recently , I began creating my own computer game .	I am doing all of the work myself .	Typically , there would be an artist , programmer , and many more people .	The progress is slow , but it is also steady .	I look forward to finishing it and sharing it with friends and family .
4	He got very sick during the ride .	My family went to the county fair .	My brother ate a lot of fried bread .	He wanted to get on the roller coaster .	I told him it was a bad idea .
3	Bad weather began setting in near the fishing spot .	Alfred invited a few friends over to go fishing .	His friends arrived in the early morning .	Alfred and friends rented a boat to go fishing .	Alfred and his friends had to call off their plans for the day .
4	A worker caught them sneaking in and they were kicked out .	Two teenagers decided to go see a movie .	After the movie , they were bored .	They realized that they could just walk into another movie .	They knew it was wrong but did it anyways .
2	The coach let Rudy on the team and made him captain .	Rudy was ostracized by his peers .	Rudy 's peers never let him join their sports .	Rudy did a great job in a difficult situation .	All his peers praised and accepted him .
4	It was n't long before he learned first hand of her peanut allergy .	Arthur was smitten with the boss 's daughter , Anka .	Too shy to ask her out , he sought out alternative means .	He purchased a love potion from an online vendor .	He put the potion into a batch of peanut butter cookies .
4	Finally , Cathy finished all the paperwork and bought the Corvette .	Cathy was on the hunt for a brand new car .	Nothing was just so perfect for Cathy to ride in .	After going in and out of about ten car lots , she narrowed it down .	Cathy put her eyes on the convertible candy apple red Corvette
2	One day , his mother decided to make Boris iron his clothes .	Boris had never ironed his clothing .	His mother would do it for him .	This made Boris angry at his mom .	Consequently , Boris decided to throw a tantrum .
1	He was going to perform a song .	Zack entered into his school talent show .	He practiced the song for a whole month .	Then , it was time to perform .	He did a good job and almost won .
1	I had made sure before I started that I had enough yarn .	One day , I was knitting a sweater for a friend .	Halfway through the sweater , I realized I was out of yarn .	I looked up , and saw my yarn pulled all over the house .	My kitten had gotten my yarn !
1	It was his job to keep her safe .	He peered at her through binoculars .	Awful people threatened her , of this he was certain .	He fantasized about how grateful she would be for his protection .	The only snag was , she did n't know she had it .
4	He decided to go out of his way to meet new people , he became happier .	Ted was unhappy in his life .	He remembered a book he read written by a scientist .	The book said humans are social creatures .	The book said a man 's quality of life is determined by sociability .
3	She could n't believe she was getting it .	Kelly wanted the iPhone very badly .	The new one was coming out tomorrow .	She got everything ready for it .	When it arrived she was so happy .
4	He stopped playing football with them .	Erin loved to play football .	He always played with his friends after school .	He friends played to rough for him .	They often hurt him by tackling him .
4	He answered the door wearing those same pajamas .	Last year for Christmas Jake got pajamas as a gift .	They were from his grandmother .	They looked terrible but he pretended to like them .	This year his grandmother came to visit .
4	We continued digging in more covert locations after that .	As I child , I liked to dig holes .	I enlisted the help of my sister to dig in a sandbox .	We made it through the sand and dug into the muddy dirt .	We got in trouble for harming the playground area .
4	Mel suddenly loved her summer job !	Mel got a summer job at the ice cream parlor .	She hated it at first .	Then she got her first check .	It was much higher than she had thought .
1	There were a lot of people they did n't know .	Amy and Beth walked into Ella 's party trying to look cool .	They found Ella in the backyard .	She offered them a plate of food .	Amy was too nervous to eat , but Beth ate enough for both of them .
1	I dreaded the day each time it came .	In high school we had to run a mile on a regular basis .	I was always one of the last students to finish the mile .	When I got older I decided to train myself to run a mile faster .	I met my goal and was very proud of myself .
4	Judith quickly wiped the sauce up but it was all ruined .	Judith was making spaghetti .	She opened a jar of pasta sauce .	Then , she went to pour it into a pot .	Somehow , she missed the pot and sauce spilled across the stove top .
4	I learned two things , she is twisted and I ca n't eat alfredo anymore .	My girlfriend loves showing me internet videos .	The video are usually of annoyingly cute animals .	So with my guard down I go to watch a video with her .	It 's a guy named Dr Pimple Popper and it is exactly as it sounds .
1	It was a white rabbit with black spots .	My daughter got a rabbit when she was seven .	She named it Spot .	Spot died suddenly after a month .	My daughter was very sad about losing Spot .
1	My wife is a Matt Damon fan .	We saw The Martian on demand two weeks ago .	We bought candy and watched the movie during the afternoon .	Afterward , we discussed the movie .	My wife did not like it , while I did .
0	Ken loved driving his motorcycle .	He would go on long rides on the weekend .	One day he got hit by a truck while on his bike .	Ken broke several bones and took a long time recover .	After he healed he sold his bike to pay for medical expenses .
0	Sheila was on a hike with her friends .	Suddenly , she felt faint .	She collapsed and her friends surrounded her .	They realized that she was dehydrated .	Someone helped her go to the hospital .
1	Jimmy was playing basketball outside .	It was a hot and sunny day out .	He heard the ice cream truck stop nearby .	He bought 2 ice cream cones .	Unfortunately one of them melted on his way home .
1	She would always sit up front in a skirt .	In high-school I had a really cute teacher .	One time she caught me peeking .	I was really embarrassed and ashamed .	She told me it was natural and forgave me .
1	She tried to pull it out but it was too slippery .	Enid was desperate to get her loose tooth out .	Finally she tied some dental floss around it .	Her brother grabbed the other end and pulled .	It popped out before she felt a thing .
2	A car hit him from the side .	Jerry was walking across the street .	He was n't at a crosswalk and was n't paying attention .	He was n't hurt that bad .	He learned to always look and follow rules , though .
0	Janie hated spinach with a passion .	Her grandma had tried to make her eat it once .	When she was at a friend 's house , her mother served a delicious dip .	She ate it all up without asking what it was .	Then her friend 's mom asked her if she liked the spinach dip .
1	He had a piece of paper on which he liked to draw all sorts of shapes .	Jed was playing in his pen with a blue marker .	When he bored of drawing on the paper , he started drawing elsewhere .	He drew on the crib as well as himself .	Jed 's mother came into his room to see a very blue Jed .
0	Janie and Tom decided to go salsa dancing .	When they arrived to the place , Janie was disappointed .	The people were offbeat and seemed to not know salsa at all .	She decided to take over , so she went to the middle and danced hard .	She took over the whole class , and Tom was happy .
2	She ended up getting a fingerprint lock .	Kelly had an experience with closet theft .	Because of this she decided to get a lock .	She loved it .	Now she could have some piece of mind .
1	John sat down with coffee at his computer .	John is a famous author writing his next book .	John worked tirelessly all night long .	John finished the book and submitted it to his publisher .	His book was named to the bestseller list .
3	The caller was even more irate than before .	Amy worked from home and had an issue for a supervisor .	She was surprised to see there were only other agents in the chat room	Amy informed the caller there was no supervisor .	After 45 minutes of the caller agreed to a supervisor callback .
1	And she saw one of her classmates , Jill .	Joyce was at the mall .	Joyce waved to her but received no response .	At school the next day , Joyce asked Jill why she did n't wave back .	But Jill just did n't see Joyce .
0	Chad is going to be attending his friend 's wedding tomorrow .	Chad decided he would surprise his friend with a song tribute .	Chad picked out what he thought was the perfect song .	Chad then began to practice his song long into the night .	While Chad is nervous , he was excited to surprise his friend .
4	She was sad and embarrassed she had n't listened to her mother .	Molly wanted a pair of fancy sandals from the store .	Her mother told her that the sandals would probably hurt her feet .	Molly insisted on getting them anyway .	After three days , Molly had blisters all over her feet !
3	She studied very hard .	Valerie wanted to speak a lot of languages .	She picked Germany to study first .	She signed up for a class to learn German .	Now , she 's well on her way to speaking German .
1	She remembers this behavior from the last time he cheated on her .	Raquel noticed her husband started acting differently towards her .	So she asks him if he 's having an affair .	He denies the affair but asks for a divorce .	Raquel filed for divorce the very next day .
4	The thugs robbed and beat Henry , leaving him on the street .	Henry was walking home late one night .	The area was dark and remote .	Some thugs came running toward Henry .	He tried to run , but was n't fast enough .
2	They decided to bail on their other plans .	Amber and Chad wanted to go to the movies .	However they had other plans .	They lied to their family .	The couple had a great time at the movies .
2	The winner would have to do the loser 's chores for a month !	Amy challenged her sister to a contest .	Whoever could drink the most milk in an hour would win .	Amy chugged as much milk as she could , but her sister drank more .	Amy was forced to do her sister 's chores all month !
3	I told her that what he did n't know would n't hurt him .	I met a girl from Greece named Aspasia .	I told her very frankly that I wanted to date her .	She said she had a boyfriend back in Greece who had n't yet moved .	She responded by slapping me right across the face !
4	They said no , now he is considering filing a lawsuit .	John just got out of work , so he went to Wendys .	He got chili and enjoyed it in his car .	He notices there is a band aid in his chili !	He runs into the store and asks for a new chili bowl .
2	They loved seeing all of the animals .	Cindy was taking her two small kids to the zoo for the first time .	When they got there , her kids were amazed by all of the animals .	The one thing they did n't like was the shark tunnel .	Other then that , it went great .
3	Marcus went along , and was served live prawns .	Marcus had never eaten anything that was n't completely cooked before .	He also did n't particularly want to !	But his friends wanted to go to a restaurant that served food live .	It was an odd , but not entirely bad , experience .
0	As a kid I once watched a movie about a serial killer .	That night , I kept hearing strange noises coming from downstairs .	I got more and more scared as the night went on .	I got up and crept into my brother 's room to see if he was awake .	The noise was him , practicing new dance moves .
1	So when a new girl at school challenged him to a race he just laughed .	Pete could run faster than any boy he knew .	He knew he could beat her easily so he agreed .	The day of the race their friends all gathered around .	She was faster than him , beating him by four seconds !
2	Kelly got excited to put the cute ornaments on the tree .	Kelly and her family were about to put up the Christmas Tree .	Her father got a fake tree and the three of them put it up .	Looking from a distance , the tree looked amazing .	Kelly took a picture that would last a long time .
0	Milly decided she was going to take her cat for a walk .	Dogs went for walks all the time , so cats should have the chance , too .	She clipped a leash onto her cats collar .	It was difficult getting her outside , but then she was fine .	The cat actually liked walking on the leash !
1	She had a cup of ginger-ale in her lap .	Frannie was on a flight .	Suddenly , the plane hit some turbulence .	Her drink spilled all over her .	Luckily , the attendants helped her to clean up .
4	Her hair looked horrible in the photo .	Today was Zoey 's school picture day .	She tried to look as cute as possible .	Then , she got her picture taken .	When it came out weeks later , she was so upset .
1	She got her keys and left to go to the grocery store .	Samantha was going to make spaghetti but she was out of noodles .	Samantha picked out the noodles she wanted to used and bought them .	Then she drove back to her house .	She made the spaghetti with her newly bought noodles .
2	The hair is starting to get in her way .	Roxy has n't had a haircut in 3 years .	Her hair is down to her knees .	So Roxy decides to cut 10 inches off all by herself .	Her hair is now to her hips .
4	I realized I should n't go back .	Last week I went to a theme park for the first time .	I had never been to one before .	I was nervous but excited .	I ended up getting sick though .
3	They were huge scary animals , but the trainers did a good job .	There was a huge Alligator exhibit at the zoo .	They had feedings twice a day .	It was amazing how well they were trained .	It was one of the most interesting exhibits I have seen .
4	Jolene was glad she worked so hard .	Jolene joined the track team at school .	She was the worst on the team , but she tried her best .	After a long time , she started to get better .	Eventually she was the best on the team !
3	She began by learning slow , easy strokes .	Anna could not swim .	She decided it was time to learn .	She signed up for a class at the pool .	Soon she was swimming quickly and expertly !
4	Tim hung it outside for the birds to use .	Tim wanted to build a bird house on his day off .	He went to the store to pick up supplies for it .	Tim knew how to put those supplies together .	The bird house came out very neat .
1	He would always do research related to cats .	Tommy always wanted a cat .	One day he went on a field trip to an animal center .	He saw the most beautiful cat there .	Tommy decided to adopt the cat .
3	He tried to take him down but it did n't work .	Bob was wrestling with his brother .	He never noticed his brothers skills for wrestling before .	He was good but he knew his brother might be better .	Bob told his brother he should join the team at school .
2	As soon as he touched it , all of the parts fell .	Sam walked into the kitchen .	He noticed a toy figure on the counter .	His brother was extremely mad at me since it was for a project .	At this moment , peter was n't concerned about the figure anymore .
0	Two old men played chess on Fridays .	The chess was good but the talks were better , such is friendship .	One showed up to the park and sat down waiting for his friend .	He waited for the sun to go down before finally going home .	Two old men used to play chess on Fridays .
2	A car struck and injured both of them .	Allan 's dog started chasing a neighbor 's cat .	He chased the cat into the busy street !	Allan rushed his dog to the vet for treatment .	His dog had to wear a leg cast for weeks .
0	Sophie started a new class today on painting .	She was super excited when she went to school .	In her new class she learned a lot on the first day .	The teacher talked about colors , brushes , and different canvases .	Sophie could n't wait for the rest of her class .
0	Desi wanted her own aquarium very badly .	She knew nothing about fish , but she began to research .	When she felt she understood enough , she bought a fish tank .	Her two little fish grew big and strong .	Soon she added more fish and bought a larger tank !
2	Laura explained many times that she sold flowers , not fruit .	Laura owned a flower shop .	Every other day a man would come in looking for fruit .	The man always liked to talk with Laura .	Eventually the man built the courage to ask Laura for a date .
4	Now Bobby will always face his fears .	Bobby is at the amusement park , but is terrified of roller coasters .	Still , he wants to face his fears .	He decides to ride the biggest roller coaster at the park .	He is terrified at first , but loves the adrenaline rush .
3	White said she was at the restaurant .	Brooke and Whit were supposed to meet for dinner .	Whit waited and waited .	Brooke finally called to ask where she was .	Come to find out they were at the same restaurant in different towns .
1	She was getting ready to do her talent .	Lauren was a dancer .	As she was stretching , she heard a loud noise .	She then felt a horrible pain .	Lauren had broken her big toe .
1	She covered all of the furniture with canvas tarps .	Susan wanted to repaint her bedroom .	She painted white primer on the walls .	After a few hours , she painted on the new colored paint .	Susan cleaned the paint brushes and rollers she had used .
1	He was doing well for a while but he began to act weird .	My friend Tom quit drinking and went to AA .	Everyone knows AA is a strange cult , but we did n't expect the results .	Tom began to stalk people around and act strangely .	We all avoid Tom now , he 's gone off the deep end .
0	I was listening to some music .	Suddenly , my headphones stopped working .	I tried to fix them but it was no use .	I had to go to the shop to buy new headphones .	I bought some headphones and could listen to my music once more !
4	The kids ran away after they rang the doorbell .	Steve and some neighbor kids decided to race bikes .	As they rounded a curve , bikes collided and Steve went flying .	Kids gathered around Steve , who was full of scrapes .	They loaded Steve in a wheelbarrow and pushed him home .
1	The person on the phone asked for my information .	I called Centurylink to get internet .	I gave the person my billing information .	I told the person that I wanted the cheapest plan available .	The person told me my new modem would arrive in a few days .
4	He went to the clinic to get one to keep himself safe .	Will was walking down the beach barefoot .	All of a sudden he felt a sharp pain .	He had stepped on a rusty can , cutting his foot .	He could n't remember the last time he had a tetanus shot .
4	Jakub was very sad to say goodbye to his life in America .	Jakub had hoped to spend his entire life living in America .	After studying engineering he got a great job at a local company .	However , one day he received a letter that his mother was sick .	It was time for Jakub to go home and take care of his mother .
3	Zach has lots of money and his friends convince him she 's using him .	Zach and his wife recently got divorced .	To his friends surprise , he already remarried .	Zach appears to be happy , but they think his wife is using him .	Zach divorces again , and admits defeat with dating and women .
2	Instead , he turned the wallet over to the police .	Toby found a wallet full of money while walking through the park .	He was in great need of money , so he considered keeping the wallet .	Three days later , the owner of the wallet contacted him .	She gave Toby two hundred dollars as a reward .
1	She stormed out of the house and drove away .	My sister and I had an argument .	After a few hours , I began to get concerned .	Suddenly , I received a phone call from the police .	They informed me that my sister crashed her car and died .
0	Heather was home from college .	She decided to take a walk in her neighborhood .	To her surprise , she saw her enemy Rebecca .	The two exchanged glances .	Luckily Becca did not say anything and just walked away .
3	The next day she realized all the clothes he washed were now pink .	Jane was too tired to do the laundry .	So she asked her boyfriend to do it .	He reluctantly agreed .	She vowed never to let him do laundry again .
3	The restaurant claimed they had never received Carol 's order .	Carol had a long day at work and was tired .	Instead of cooking , she decided to order pizza for her family .	They waited two hours before calling the pizza restaurant .	Carol fumed , and ended up making spaghetti instead .
1	He got a letter regarding his student loans .	Jeff picked up his mail .	They were demanding he pay the balance in full .	He did not have $ 40,000 for the loans .	Jeff decided to win the money at the casino .
2	While there he picked up someone 's virus .	Jake got really sick last week .	He went to the doctor for a physical .	He had to go back to the doctor .	Apparently there were others with the same problem .
4	After a few weeks she did not even miss carbs at all !	Anne decided to cut out carbs from her diet .	At first it was very hard .	But she exercised her willpower .	Soon her cravings got fewer and milder .
4	Cal did n't realize what he 'd done until he slurped the first spoonful .	Cal was half-awake as he stumbled into his kitchen .	He 'd started a pot of coffee which was now done .	Cal poured himself a bowl of cereal .	He then poured coffee on top of it .
2	Amy wanted to buy gas but wanted to go where she knew it was cheap .	Amy was a new driver .	She was in high school and only worked part time .	On the way her car ran out of gas .	Amy 's father was furious he had to bring her gas .
1	His brother loved comic books , and Brad wanted to get him one .	Brad 's little brother was about to have a birthday .	He asked the comic book store employee for a first edition .	The employee found one , and told Brad it would be two hundred dollars .	Brad decided to get his little brother something else instead .
2	His mommy took him to the doctor .	Timmy had a checkup today .	He was scheduled to get shots .	Timmy was scared , but he stayed brave .	He got the shots , and did n't even cry .
3	One Friday after Joanne got out of school they got to work .	Joanne loves to bake cookies with her grandmother .	Every Christmas they bake dozens together .	This year they are making chocolate chip , sugar and gingerbread .	They baked cookies all afternoon .
1	It hurt real bad but i did n't do anything about it .	Yesterday i jammed my thumb on my desk .	My buddy told me to put ice on it to keep it from swelling .	I probably should 've listened because today it 's swelled up .	I told my buddy next time I 'll listen to him .
1	Both the Republicans and Democrats have many candidates .	In November 2016 America will elect a new president .	Many young Americans are choosing to vote for the first time .	The candidates are vying for their votes through advertisements .	These young Americans have an important choice to make for the future .
1	He heard a noise in it .	The boy opened the cereal box .	He reached inside and felt around .	He found a toy .	The boy played with that toy all day .
0	Ben took his wife on a studio tour .	It was their wedding anniversary .	They both had never been to a studio tour .	Ben and his wife had a great time on the tour .	They will be back next anniversary to take the same tour .
3	Nancy , from a spice company , looked over the cakes .	At the fair , Jason entered the ugliest cake contest .	He decorated his cake green with green gummy worms .	He called his cake the Mean Green Worm Machine .	Jason won first place .
4	I ended up purchasing it .	Yesterday I went out shopping .	I was looking for a new lipstick color .	I tried on a bunch of different colors .	The purple ended up looking best on me .
4	She wanted them to wait , but they kept walking as she yelled at them .	Gina 's sisters had ditched her .	She sat in her room with the window open looking for them .	Some neighborhood kids walked by .	Gina began yelling out the window at the kids .
1	My grandma told me yes even though my mom said no .	When I was eight I wanted a pet rat .	She took to the pet store to get my new friend Oreo .	When I got home I instantly had to take him back .	I had a pet rat for less than one hour .
3	He looked at the kitten and tried to evaluate it .	Nelson had just got a new kitten .	His mom said that he could name it .	He wanted to pick a really good name .	Then , he settled on the name `` furry '' .
1	It reminds me of the catholic widow who lives two houses over .	Magdalena is an old sounding name .	I could n't believe it when my niece decided to name her baby that .	Magdalena is a beautiful baby .	So sweet and calm just like the catholic widow I know .
4	A few days later , David 's song was playing on a local station .	Playing on his guitar , David was trying to sing along .	His vocals were n't the best , but he kept practicing .	Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better .	Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations .
4	The club was a youth group that met right after Sunday church service !	Em loved to go to church every Sunday , but then she had a conflict .	Her friend told her there was a great club that met on Sunday morning .	Em was torn : it sounded fun , but should she miss church ?	Then her friend told her something else that solved her problem .
0	I hate police because they kill young people .	I checked the newspapers and another young person was killed .	I watched the news and they said another police killed someone else .	Yesterday my IPhone was stolen and the police caught the robbers .	Now I do n't hate police as much as I used to .
4	All of his teammates cheered for him .	Tom had possession of the ball .	The shot clock was running out , but he decided to move slowly .	After his teammate created a screen , he made a three-pointer .	The ball bounced from the rim , but landed in the hoop .
3	Todd threw his father 's fishing pole into the river out of anger .	Jim was out fishing with his son Todd .	They were fishing for salmon in their backyard .	Todd was getting jealous his father caught more fish .	His father grounded him for 2 weeks afterwards .
4	Paul and Jessica finally went their separate ways .	Paul and Jessica had been married for 15 Year 's .	Their marriage was steadily declining .	The arguing kept getting worse .	Jessica decided to file for a divorce .
2	We tried fiber gummy bears and miralax .	I was on vacation with my entire family .	My niece had the worst constipation .	But nothing would do the trick .	Finally when we got home , she got back on schedule .
3	The box stated there were 6 toys in total .	Rob wanted a toy he saw on a commercial .	The toy only came in a box of cereal .	He convinced his mother to buy the cereal .	Rob ate the same cereal for a month to collect the 6 toys .
1	But when he arrived at class , there was a substitute teacher .	Rick had a science test .	The substitute passed out the test .	And she hardly paid attention to the class .	Rick and his neighbor decided to cheat .
1	I opened up immediately .	Yesterday i got my selfie camera in the mail .	When I opened it I immediately started using it .	It was great .	I then posted my photos onto social media .
1	She read the script and saw a part that she wanted to play .	Megan saw a poster for an upcoming play .	For the next two months she practiced all the lines .	At the day of the audition , she impressed the director a lot .	The director gave her the part right on the spot .
1	Sandy told her husband to be careful because the grits were very hot .	Sandy cooked a big breakfast for her husband .	Sandy 's husband ignored caution and dug right in .	He spit the food out immediately !	Sandy 's husband had unfortunately burned his tongue .
0	Ora 's mom told her that the family had a very high gas bill .	They could not afford bills that high , so changes would be made .	Ora was told that the heat was going to be lowered .	From now on she would have to wear warm clothes around the house .	Ora was unhappy , but she understood .
0	Michaela was having a baby shower at a golf country club .	She invited a lot of friends and planned a nice lunch .	Her Aunt came early to do the flowers .	It was a beautiful day , and the lunch was lovely .	Michaela got a lot of nice gifts and had a great day .
4	Ricky was happy that he could finally tie a bowtie .	Ricky had always wanted to learn to tie a bowtie .	He tried many times , but could not get it right .	Finally Ricky asked his friend for advice on tying one .	Ricky 's friend gave an excellent lesson on bow tie tying .
1	In high school , Victor beat up Charles in front of everybody .	Charles and Victor were enemies .	Next , Victor embarrassed Charles in a carnival .	Ten years later Charles saw Victor in front of a movie theater .	Charles would have fought Victor but Victor a dirty street bum .
2	Her friend suggested they get pedicures .	Amy was going on a date .	She told her friend she was going to paint her toenails .	Amy met her friend at the salon where they got the pedicures .	Afterwards Amy wished she had just done her nails and saved the money
1	I did every machine as heavy as i could every day for a week .	I wanted to build muscle fast so i joined a gym .	I noticed no improvement at all but my body really hurt .	I read in a fitness magazine that i should take a day 's break .	Ever since i added in breaks I 've started to build muscle .
2	Ranger dug a hole for his bone .	Ranger had a bone .	Ranger did not want to share his bone .	Ranger put the bone in the hole .	None of Ranger 's friends could find his bone .
3	Her mom took her to the doctor , where her throat was cultured .	Emily was feeling very sick one day .	She had been playing with a friend who now had strep throat .	Emily realized her throat was starting to hurt .	Sure enough , she had gotten strep throat too !
4	Holding my breath , I scratched it and won $ 10 !	It was a week until pay day and I was out of money .	I dug through my car for money and found a dollar and half a soda .	It was n't much and I needed food .	So , I took a chance and bought a scratch and win ticket .
2	They gave me some local anesthetics .	When I was 23 , I was told I had to get my wisdom teeth out .	I went to a doctor and had an appointment .	It numbed the pain and I felt them remove the teeth .	I was sore for a few days , but I got past it .
1	It was black and brown .	A puppy wandered up to the house .	I brought in the house and gave it a bath .	It had no collar .	It is now part of my family .
3	Unbeknownst to him his parents were there buying clothes .	Jason was tired of school and wanted a day off .	He decided to skip Tuesday .	Instead he went to the mall to hang out .	They saw him and grounded him for two weeks .
1	It sniffed at branches and dug up buried nuts .	A bear wandered through the woods .	Feasting on the land it made its way to the river .	Once there it fished for a while for a larger meal .	Satisfied with the catch and the fish it returned home to sleep .
2	He was wrong .	Charles thought Rodney Maze was an interesting guy .	He did n't think Rodney would take advantage of him .	Rodney used Charles ' house phone for a long distance call .	Next , Rodney left and Charles received a $ 600 phone bill .
3	However , they was n't aware of the fire and flew into it .	The boys made a campfire outside of the tent .	Everyone got together and made smores .	Several crickets came out of the bush .	The fire burned them .
4	But he found that it was difficult to keep looking clean .	Ben wanted a new carpet .	But he could not decide which color to buy .	His friend recommended white .	So Ben had a white carpet installed .
4	When her son scored a goal , Tina was jumping for joy .	Tina took her son to his soccer game .	She was at first worried if he would be okay .	She gave out oranges to the kids .	The kids liked them .
2	It started getting so close to Christmas that she had to buy the gift .	June was supposed to get a gift for a secret Santa exchange .	She did n't have a lot of money and planned on waiting for awhile .	Unfortunately , it would n't be shipped in time for Christmas .	Even though the gift arrived late , the giftee still appreciated it .
3	There , Jessica apologized .	Jessica had n't seen her sister in months .	They had had a big fight .	She decided to invite her out to lunch .	Her sister accepted her apology .
1	Everyone stopped talking to stare at him .	Uther arrived to the party late .	Uther felt like he could just melt , he was so embarrassed .	Minutes later , no one was paying him any attention at all .	Uther was relieved and conquered some of his social anxiety .
2	One of his teams lost in the first round .	Ty was really excited about the basketball tournament .	He bet a lot of money on it .	He was really mad .	He learned not to gamble on sports .
2	Jose asked what happens to the dogs the do n't get a home .	Jose loves dogs very much .	He attended a shelter one day that had tons of dogs that needed homes	He was told eventually they get put down .	Jose adopted five dogs that day to save them .
0	Tommy was scared of skating .	He did not want to fall .	Billy said to just lean forward and use both legs .	Tommy tried it , and was good at skating .	He always loved skating after that .
3	When she was 30 , she decided to find her mother .	Carrie ran away from home when she was 16 .	She thought her mother hated her .	Carrie took care of herself and started her own family at 25 .	The two were reunited and made up for lost time .
4	Now I know he was writing a gospel song for a choir .	I noticed a man clapping his hands while standing in a garden .	I was curious as to why so I moved in closer to him .	I watched as he prayed and clapped double time .	I decided to just ask him what the hell was he doing .
0	Today I got a new green shirt .	Since I got the shirt I have had great luck .	I found two hundred dollars on the sidewalk .	This shirt is my new good luck charm .	I decided to wear this shirt everyday to bring me more luck .
0	Jackie eats protein bars for breakfast every day .	She stopped at Target to replenish her supply .	Her favorite bars were on sale for 20 % off .	She decided to stock up .	Now she has enough protein bars to last several months .
4	Thankfully Jimmy was okay .	One day snow and ice covered the ground .	Jimmy thought it was safe to drive to work .	He was halfway to work when he lost control of the car .	He slid into the ditch .
3	Lucy had applied the makeup herself and looked like a clown .	Lucy 's grandma was showing her pictures from her childhood .	Lucy was having a good time laughing at herself .	Her grandmother showed her a picture of Lucy wearing makeup .	The women laughed at Lucy 's attempt to look grown .
2	Unfortunately he lived in the middle of the country .	Drew wanted to learn to surf .	He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean .	He was miles from the ocean .	It took him Years to get there .
2	He cleared away the trash and planted the seeds .	Jim thought his front yard was very ugly .	He bought some grass and flower seeds .	He watered the seeds every day and they began to sprout .	Two months later , Jim had the prettiest yard on the block .
3	James has fond memories of his dog while fishing .	James loves to go fishing	He would always bring his dog .	After James ' dog died , he fished alone	James still loves to fish even if he is alone .
1	She has so many books .	Amber loves to read .	She spends all her money on books .	She decided not to spent more money .	She went to the library instead .
3	I paid a contractor to seal every crack with foam .	In 2007 , our condo building was infested with mice .	I put sticky traps everywhere .	I caught a few , but they kept coming .	The mice no longer came to our condo .
4	Rufus feels glad that he can finally join his friends .	Rufus is late meeting his friends at happy hour .	When he arrives , all of his friends are already there .	Rufus decides he needs to get a beer and join them .	He goes to the bar and orders one beer .
1	She was in her room doing her hair .	Jane was getting married .	Suddenly , her best friend came into the room .	She brought her a little blue pin .	It was so that Jane would have good luck for her wedding .
1	She was hoping that it would last a day or two more .	Lila was running low on infant formula .	Unfortunately , her older child got into the pantry and dumped it out .	Lila had to run to the store .	There , she picked up new formula .
4	She got a new alarm clock that she could wake up to .	Amber always slept in late .	Problem was she has a child that needs to get up early to go to school	She often overslept .	Her child missed the buss a lot .
2	Patty needed medicine to recover .	Chris had a beautiful dog .	His dog , Patty , became sick .	Chris refused to buy his dog this medicine .	Animal welfare came and told Patty to a better home .
4	Howard got an A+ on that writing assignment that week .	Howard liked to tell stories about make-believe things .	One day he told a story to his mom about pixie 's .	His mother was very impressed and told him to write the story down .	He did and showed it to his teacher the next day .
3	I glimpsed some cupcakes as I was walking past the bakery section .	I decided to start eating a healthy diet .	I wrote a grocery list and headed for the store .	I bought lots of organic food and fresh produce .	As soon as I got home I baked and ate homemade chocolate cupcakes .
2	It was the longest trip .	Last week I took a bus to the city .	It took four hours .	The bad part was getting a flat tire .	After the flat tire we were moving again
2	She looked through the gift shop .	Madison was at the aquarium .	She wanted to get a souvenir for her friend .	At first she had a hard time choosing something .	Then , she found the perfect hat for her friend .
0	Shayna loves to dance but she has trouble finding an audience .	She has always been intimidated by performing in parks .	Finally she overcomes her fears and dances in Central Park .	The audience goes wild !	Shayna will never be afraid of seeking out an audience again .
1	When they arrived , she was checking them out .	Monica had ordered her son some Christmas gifts .	She noticed that one toy , a piano mat , was not so good .	It was much smaller and flimsier than the picture had shown .	She decided to send that toy back .
0	Tracy works at the 99 cent store .	It got very busy .	There were lines of people .	She was very stressed out .	SHe got another worker to take over .
0	Beth got the game Qwirkle on her birthday .	She asked her dad to play with her .	He helped her figure out where to put pieces .	But they did n't keep score .	They both had a lot of fun .
2	I taught him to say I love you .	Usually , my mom hates birds .	My pet bird repeats everything you say .	He said it to my mom .	My mom fell in love with the bird !
4	Now , she does n't worry about what others think .	Judy was always worried about what other people thought of her .	She did n't go outside .	She did n't speak her mind .	She listened to a affirmation tape for four weeks .
2	It was difficult and she dealt with rude people .	June was a waitress .	She was about to quit her job of 3 years .	One night she waited on a horrible person .	However , he left her a tip of one million dollars .
1	She woke up 20 minutes later than usual .	Emma forgot to set her alarm clock before bed .	Emma hurried to get dressed and eat .	Emma rushed to put on her shoes .	She made it to the corner just as the school bus pulled up .
2	She jumped out of bed to look out the window .	The hail woke Karen out of a deep sleep .	It was pelting the metal roof with great force .	Just then the thunder crashed so loud that it hurt her ears .	She hurried back into bed and threw the covers over her head .
3	He spent all offseason working on his speed .	Dan got cut from the football team his junior year .	The coach said he was too slow and he needs fast people .	Dan was very upset but motivated to be better .	He dropped twenty pounds and made the team the next year .
1	One day his mom made peas and he refused to eat them .	Benson never ate peas before .	his mom would n't let him leave the table until he ate the peas .	He eventually ate the peas and regrets his stubbornness .	Benson learned a lesson about not being so stubborn .
4	She asked him to go out on date with her .	The teacher dismissed the class after the bell rung .	Dan was pulled over by Tanya , who sat next to him .	She asked for his phone number and he ended up giving it to her .	The next day , Tanya took Dan to an empty building in school .
4	After I got home I began planning my next adventure .	For my 16th birthday I got my license and a car .	I was so excited .	My first trip was to the Mall .	Bought tons of clothes .
4	Josh decided he did n't want to ride horses anymore .	Josh has always wanted to ride a horse .	His mom set him and his brother up to take lessons together .	Josh had to ride a little pony for the first time , he was n't happy .	The pony got stung on the butt by a bee , causes it to buck .
0	Bill worked hard in order to buy a car .	When he had enough saved , he bought a red convertible .	He drove the car a lot , and sometimes raced with it .	One day , during a race he got gashes on the side of the car .	He took the car to get it painted , and the shop painted it blue !
0	Julie wanted to add height to her toe touch .	She stretched every night .	She did leg lifts .	She also did ten touch touches every day .	Julie finally got her toe touch to where she wanted it .
0	My daughter played tee ball this year .	She loved to swing the bat .	One time she hit a ground ball up the middle .	The other team piled on top of it while she ran the bases .	It was a tee ball home run !
3	He scrambled to move his king away .	Ryan and Jess played a game of chess .	Ryan took several of Jess ' pieces .	She however was able to take a majority of his pieces .	Though Jess finally checkmated his king .
1	His homework was to read chapter 4 of his math book .	Tim had trouble paying attention .	But instead , he read chapter 6 .	The next day at school , Tim did n't understand the lecture .	And he did n't know what to do for the test .
4	He regretted his name change .	Roosevelt was a staunch conservative .	He hated his name because it was of a Democrat president .	Roosevelt changed his name to Reagan .	As he got older , Reagan became more liberal .
3	But she could not help but claw at it .	Ana got a mosquito bite .	It itched badly !	She tried not to scratch it .	Soon Ana 's bite got infected .
4	Andrea helped him up and gave him a hug until he felt better .	Andrea was in the kitchen .	Suddenly , she heard a fall and a cry .	She ran to her toddler 's room .	He had been standing on his tricycle and had fallen .
4	After they boiled for a half hour I served them to my guests .	I went to the store to get stuff for chili .	I bought beans , diced tomatoes , and beef .	It was a very easy recipe to make .	I combined all of the ingredients in a big pot .
3	I found out that I like long drives with music playing .	I took a long road trip last week .	I drove four hundred miles in one day .	I did n't have to but I just wanted to clear my head .	It 's very peaceful and I 'm going to do it more .
3	In addition , Gary 's brother got a chance to go into some classes .	Gary came with his brother to school today .	His brother basically escorted them throughout the school .	He was introduced to the principal and guidance counselor .	He picked several classes to take for next year .
3	Then a nice guy asked her to the dance , and she accepted !	Aya loved sports very much , but she wanted a date for the dance !	She knew she 'd have to dress ladylike and wear makeup .	For weeks she practiced looking feminine and acting sweet .	As they talked and danced , she learned that he loved sports too !
0	Tim was tired one evening .	But he had to do homework .	Had drank 3 cups of coffee .	And felt more awake and energized .	But he was n't able to fall asleep until 6 AM .
0	Lee is a great baker .	His girlfriend loves peppermint .	Lee wanted to give his girlfriend a gift .	He made her peppermint cookies .	His girlfriend at them all .
3	He gave it to his grandmother as a present .	Lucas was knitting a sweater .	He did n't know how to knit though .	He made a big mess of wool thread .	The grandmother sat him down and taught him how to knit .
2	She became fluent in French .	Brenda wanted to learn how to speak French .	So she decided to take a French class .	But she had no one to speak French with .	Brenda regret learning French .
1	But she did n't have a pair of ice skates !	Ana wanted to go ice skating .	She asked her cousin to borrow her a pair .	He agreed and gave them to her .	Ana had a great time ice skating in her borrowed skates !
1	Jim swung hard at a ball Hal pitched .	Jim and Hal decided to play baseball in the living room .	The ball smashed right into the TV set , shattering it .	Jim 's father loved that TV .	Jim dreaded meeting his father at the door that night .
2	After eating , our family went for a walk in the woods .	Our family was excited to spend Thanksgiving at the cabin .	The cabin was located far back in the woods .	We also went for a hayride through the woods .	We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin .
0	Sean would beat his wife every day .	One day , their neighbor realized what was happening .	He called the cops .	The cops arrested Sean and he was found guilty .	His wife celebrated !
0	My college roommate had a police scanner in our dorm room .	He used it to play pranks on the campus security cops .	One night he called security , reporting a wild bear outside our dorm .	We listened in as the cops asked each other how a bear could be there .	My roommate called security back , telling them the bear had run off .
4	The art gallery accepted her painting , and she was very happy .	Susie was an aspiring artist .	She tried to get her art published in the art museum .	For ten Years she painted and got rejected .	She finally decided to draw from her heart , and she published it .
3	I bent down and one of favorite earrings fell in with her .	I wore my favorite earrings to a coworker 's funeral last week .	Her remains looked so peaceful in her white and gold coffin .	The pendant she wore was crooked so I tried to adjust it	People tried to console me as I felt around under her for my earring .
0	Ana 's parents told her her music was too loud .	But Anna needed it to fall asleep !	She thought about it and came up with a solution .	She decided to wear headphones at night .	Her parents were very happy with Ana 's solution !
3	She laughed , telling him there were n't actually fleas at flea markets .	Johnny was excited to go the the flea market with his mom .	When they got there they went from table to table .	He finally asked his mother when they were going to see the fleas .	He was extremely disappointed .
1	Her father bought her a baseball mitt for her birthday .	Tory loved baseball more than any other sport .	She played with it every day .	Eventually she made her high school team .	She still used the mitt her father got her .
1	He was afraid it was too late to learn to start playing .	Rufus felt ashamed that all his friends played banjo and he did n't .	One day his closest pal Max offered to help him learn to play .	Little by little Rufus learned to play banjo with Max .	Now Rufus loves to play banjo , thanks to Max .
4	After college , Rita started her own company and became very wealthy .	Rita was not very wealthy , and wished to increase her income .	She researched different ways to make money online .	Eventually she decided she wanted to start her own business .	Rita went to college and got a degree in business .
2	He spent hours making sure that they did n't wreck his home .	Bill has three cats .	When he first got them , they were a real pain .	Eventually , he got them to behave .	Now his cats are very placid .
1	So he goes to the doctor .	No matter what Bill tries he ca n't grow a beard .	After running several tests they figure out he has too much estrogen .	So they give him some testosterone injections .	Soon he is growing a beard ,
4	Finally she found them in her mother 's desk drawer .	Lisa knew her mom kept a secret stash of gummy bears .	She just did n't know where !	She was craving sugar .	She looked all over the kitchen , but no gummy bears .
4	Kim was forced to back onto a side street to get out of traffic .	It was a cold and wet winter day .	Kim left work after dark to find the street had frozen over .	She tried to drive up a small hill and got stuck .	Traffic was backed up as Kim slid down the slick hill .
2	Rex decides to skip skiing for the day to help his mother shovel .	Rex loves to go skiing when it is snowing on a weekend day .	However , one day his mother calls him to ask him to shovel her porch .	After a long day of shoveling , Rex decides he has n't missed skiing .	He decides to always help his mother shovel instead of skiing .
2	He opened it up and dug inside .	Jeff was cleaning out the garage .	He saw a box that he did n't recognize .	There , he found an old toy he had n't seen in years .	The toy brought back a lot of memories and emotion .
4	Bill 's friends appreciate that .	Bill enjoys learning about new technology .	One of Bill 's favorite things to do is custom build PC 's .	He does it as often as he can .	He even builds them for friends sometimes .
4	He was so upset that he threw his racket at the other player .	Two tennis players were playing a match .	The winner would go on to play the top ranked player .	One of the players served the ball so hard the other played missed .	The player who missed had lost the match .
1	He got a ticket worth thousands of dollars .	Last week Luis won the lottery .	It was n't millions .	He used the money to pay off debts and buy a new car .	It was still enough to change his life .
4	Sonny did not go back to that place again .	Sonny enjoyed watching the waves crash against the shore .	He would go there daily to see if the waves got bigger .	There was a storm recently that caught him off guard .	The waves smashed against the shore and scared Sonny .
0	My boyfriend in high school was very romantic .	One summer I was away at camp .	He sent me a package of fortune cookies .	He took out the fortunes and replaced them with reasons he loved me .	I really liked the package and the cookies .
0	Molly and Zach were going on a date tonight .	Zach took them to a spicy food restaurant , Molly hates spicy food .	After being there for an hour , Molly started to sweat very badly .	Zach took her home , thinking she was sick .	When they got home , she threw up and felt a lot better .
3	Jill had her surgery successfully .	Jill had a surgery scheduled .	Jill was incredibly frightened .	She was scared she might not make it through .	Jill was crying happy tears when she woke up .
0	Bess woke up in the middle of the night because her bed was shaking .	The pictures on her night stand were rattling .	She was a bit confused by all this since she lives in Mississippi .	There had been small earthquakes before but none like this .	The next morning the news confirmed it was an earthquake .
0	Tim asked Ron for money that he could borrow .	Tim said he would use the money for lunch .	And Ron expected him to pay the money back .	But 2 days later , Tim never payed back the money .	Ron harassed Tim every day until he received the money .
2	His brother threw him a huge going away party .	Tyler is moving away from his home town .	He is going to California to become an actor .	He spent four hours saying bye to his best friends .	He promised to stay in touch with each of them .
4	His shoes got soaked .	Matt purchased a fresh pair of shoes from the store .	He placed the shoes on before leaving the place .	Someone bumped into Matt while he was walking .	He ended up falling into a fountain .
4	She wiped what sand there was on her face , and left the bathroom .	Gina stood in the school bathroom alone .	She looked at herself in the mirror .	There was n't as much sand on her face as she thought .	This somehow comforted her .
2	Suddenly , when he shot , he struck down at the green tabletop .	My friends and I were playing pool at my house .	My friend prepared to hit a ball with his stick .	The tabletop was torn open and my friend began to apologize .	I told him that it was okay and then we kept on playing .
3	Joe and his friends went out downtown .	Joe was bored .	Joe wanted to go out .	Joe call his friends to go out .	Joe had a lot of fun with his friends .
4	After putting the stones down , I 'm ready for the rain !	Every time it rains the yard gets muddy along the fence .	The mud gets brought into the house by the four dogs that run .	I am tired of the mud so we went to the hardware store .	We bought paving stones to go along the fence where there is dirt .
2	We looked everywhere for the one hundred eggs .	Yesterday I decided to go Easter egg hunting .	We made it a family affair .	Finally an hour later we found them all .	It was a fun time .
3	I began with doing jump ropes .	I was very out of shape .	I needed to start working out .	My doctor told me to start slow .	After weeks of jumping rope , I began to feel excellent .
0	Anna was ready for potty training .	She knew the word potty , bring diapers when wet .	Carol and I bought her a potty chair .	We both introduced Anna to her chair and the first night she used it .	Now Anna is completely out of diapers .
1	Her name was Jackie .	There was this kid that lived a few houses down street .	She was always getting into trouble .	One time she broke my neighbor 's glass sliding doors on purpose .	She lied about breaking it but her reputation preceded her .
2	When Kelly walked in she was amazed .	Kelly wanted to go to the new candy shop .	It just opened up around the corner .	Everything looked delicious .	She ended up buying five bags of candy .
4	Soon she was back at her new home , safe and sound !	Shay had moved to a new neighborhood .	She was walking around the new area .	Then she realized she was lost !	She stopped and asked a kindly stranger for help .
0	Margaret did not feel like putting her usual Christmas lights outside .	She told her kids she probably would not put them up this year .	Her daughter came to visit that weekend and offered to do the job .	Margaret liked spending time with her daughter and ended up helping .	Margaret ended up enjoying the day of decorating after all .
0	Tom needed to get a bank account .	He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose .	He tried TD bank finally .	He got free candy and free pens .	He signed up with TD .
1	He was now entitled to a paid week off .	Ed had been at his job for a year .	He had never had a paid vacation before .	He was so happy !	He took his week off and stayed home , just relaxing !
2	His trainer made him work harder than he ever had before .	Chuck had a big track meet coming up , and wanted to get a medal .	He decided to pay for a private trainer to help improve his speed .	Eventually Chuck became incredibly fast .	Chuck blew away his competitors at the meet and won the gold medal .
1	He used the drill to fix a loose piece of furniture .	Tim borrowed a drill from his neighbor .	He broke a few bits while doing the repairs .	Tim returned the drill to his neighbor .	The neighbor later found the broken bits and cursed .
0	Emma was on the bus .	Suddenly , some kids started to make fun of her .	She confronted them .	They had found a blog that her mom was writing with stuff about Emma .	They teased her about it and Emma was mortified until she could leave .
3	Finally his mom bought it .	Corey wanted a new video game for Christmas .	His mom did n't like the video game .	Corey begged his mother for it .	Corey was ecstatic to find the game under the tree .
2	While they were talking , he mentioned marriage and kids .	Jim got ready for his first date .	An hour later , he met up with Diana at the food restaurant .	She pretended that she had somewhere to go and left .	Since then , she has ignored all of Jim 's text messages .
3	She moved there and found the atmosphere amazing .	Paula wanted to move to Denver , Colorado .	She saved up for the move and looked for work in the area .	She found work with a hotel in the city .	Paula felt that she was living the dream .
4	They called the police to file a noise complaint !	Joey bought a drum set .	He set it up in his basement .	He started to play along to a song on the radio .	His neighbors were annoyed by the noise .
4	After that he was always careful with knives .	Jack got a pocket knife for his twelfth birthday .	He wondered how sharp it was .	He ran his thumb along the blade to test it .	He accidentally sliced his thumb open .
4	Kim wished she could stay in Bora Bora forever !	Kim took a honeymoon in the South Pacific .	She flew to Bora Bora .	There , she laid on the beach for a week .	The weather was balmy and wonderful .
4	So , the carson 's turned the car around and went home .	The Carson 's took their three toddlers on a road trip .	All the kids kept screaming at the top of their lungs .	Unsure of traffic conditions ahead , the Carson 's pull over .	Everyone was frustrated and wanted to go home .
3	The sun beat down on the tomato plant every day .	Amy loved tomatoes .	She loved them so much that she decided to grow tomatoes herself .	She bought a tomato plant and put it out on her front porch .	After only a few days , the tomato plant died because of the sun .
2	Several people noticed and decided to run away .	Several people were walking around the mall .	A 12 year old kid was walking around with a butcher knife .	In addition , the security guards noticed the kid .	They confiscated the knife and arrested him .
2	She had the best costume .	Denise tried out to be a pro cheerleader .	She went to practices .	She made the first cut .	She made it to the second round before being cut .
0	Tim sat at home hungry .	He did n't feel like cooking .	He wished he had a wife to cook him food .	He sat on the couch and cried .	He then decided to order a pizza instead of crying .
0	Cassidy was playing laser tag with some friends .	For some reason , her gun stopped working .	She tried her best to get it to work again .	As she tried to fix it , time ran out .	She did n't even get a chance to play before time ran out .
4	It was a painful experience .	This week was a bad week for the Dow .	The market dropped over 1000 points .	It was a very scary moment .	I lost a lot of money .
2	If he hears the rainy falling he paws at the glass door .	Gus is a good dog except on rainy days .	When it rains , Gus barks and runs around .	Gus 's owners bought a thundershirt to make Gus calmer on rainy days .	Gus is now a good dog every day .
2	Ali and her friend June ran to a teacher to avoid the bully .	Ali had been dodging a bully all day .	Her trip to the museum was ruined .	The girls stayed near the teacher the rest of the trip .	Ali let out a sigh of relief as she boarded the bus back to school .
0	The men fortified the doors and windows against the onslaught .	The liberals were coming for their chainsaws .	The leader gruffly ordered everyone to be on their guard .	They all jumped as the first knock on the door came .	They prepared to fight to the death to hold on to their ignorance .
4	Jessica yelled and ran from the room .	Jessica was in her room during a storm .	Suddenly , she heard some loud thunder .	Quickly afterwards , she saw a huge bright light .	A lightning bolt had struck her bedroom ceiling .
0	My wife and I can never decide where to eat for dinner .	One night we drew names from a hat and flipped a coin .	We drove to the restaurant that fate had selected for us .	We had the worst meal either one of us could ever remember .	We do n't flip coins for restaurants any more .
0	I opened up the door to the church .	I felt like I was drifting as I walked down the aisle .	To my right and to my left I could only see a blur of people .	I looked at him as he reached for my hand .	He was my husband now .
3	The scarf came out beautifully and everyone was proud .	Joey had wanted to learn to knit her whole life .	However , she feared that she would never knit as well as her mother .	Finally she decided to try to knit a scarf .	Joey was so glad she had taken a risk and knit the scarf .
2	I have been lifting weights to make me stronger .	I have been training to qualify for the swim team .	I have been swimming everyday after class to get better .	The weight lifting has made me much faster .	I am ready to tryout for the team and very excited .
3	Instead I decided to dye my shirt the color of the stain .	I was eating some pie when a piece fell onto my shirt .	The pie caused my shirt to have a big , blue stain .	I went to the sink to wash it out but to no avail .	I not only use that shirt when eating pie .
3	It was not bad , but I did n't like touching people 's used plates .	I once tried to work as a waiter five Years ago .	I thought it might be a good job to try since the pay was favorable .	On my first day I worked during a wedding banquet .	I was so disgusted that that day was my last day as a waitress .
3	Paul cried a little .	Paul went to the movies .	He bought some popcorn .	But when he sat down , he spilled it everywhere .	A person in a nearby seat gave him their popcorn .
2	She returned nine months later with a child .	Miss weatherby was the teacher at the small country school .	She decided to take a leave of absence but nobody knew why .	Everyone wondered why she never showed her pregnancy .	She told her class that she went to China and adopted a kid there .
1	From there , he booked a tour of the Great Barrier Reef .	Neil bicycled into the city of Perth , Australia .	This guide helped him suit up and dive down into it .	Neil was awestruck at its size and beauty .	The reef was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen !
4	Surprisingly , Chancey tried it and fell in love with pork !	Chancey had never eaten pork .	He found pork off-putting .	His mom promised to buy him a new video game if he tried pork .	Chancey decided the risk of pork was worth a new video game .
4	There was no time to go back so Beth ate the hot dog dry .	Beth worked through her lunch and was hungry .	She was upset to see the cafeteria was closed .	She ran downstairs to the hot dog vendor outside .	When she got to her desk she realized she forgot mustard .
4	After many weeks the coast guard found the stranded ship .	The ship was beginning to lose its course .	There was a heavy storm coming and the radio signals were out .	The captain ordered the crew to make a hard turn to the right .	They weathered the storm but found themselves lost at sea .
2	He opened his curtains and looked outside to see what it was .	Dan was working on his computer when he heard a scary sound .	It was like stones crashing against his roof !	It was hailing furiously outside !	Dan was relieved it was n't the neighbor kids throwing stones .
3	Everyone at the party loved the cake , asking who made it .	Jen made cakes as a hobby .	One day a friend asked to buy one for a party for her sister .	Jen sold her one of her chocolate strawberry cakes .	Jen turned her hobby into a successful business .
3	He overpowered me , so I called the police .	My ex-boyfriend and I were not getting along .	He was purposefully doing things to anger me .	We started fist-fighting hard .	I left the scene with bruises , scratches and other injuries .
4	When she printed the picture , she framed it and hung it on her wall .	One day , Samantha saw a beautiful butterfly .	She followed it through the forest .	Finally , it landed on a flower .	Samantha took a picture of the butterfly .
2	Jed had wanted go fishing for as long as he could remember .	The boat was all set and ready to leave the dock .	Jed and his brothers were about to go deep sea fishing .	They all had a great time and even caught some nice fish .	Jed had such a great time and knew that his brothers did as well .
2	He checked the pantry and realized he forgot to buy pasta .	Tom was making spaghetti .	He made a sauce from scratch and wanted to add it to the pasta .	He decided to use rice as the starch instead .	He liked the taste but still made a note reminding him to buy pasta .
3	He bought a giant binder .	Rob was not organized .	His teacher got mad at him .	Rob decided he wanted to change .	Now Rob is more organized than his teacher !
3	She applied that evening to become a model .	Sydnee wanted to be a model as a child .	Everyone had told her that she would never make it .	She ended up ignoring their judgments .	She was accepted and is now modeling clothing for a living .
2	But his girlfriend smelled trouble and begged him to stay in .	Kay was turned 21 and he was very excited .	He wanted to have a huge party with beer and music and lots of action !	Kay reluctantly agreed to a quiet dinner and movie celebration .	And he ended up enjoying his 21st birthday more than he 'd expected !
1	She watched all the movies and read all the books .	Erica like vampires a lot .	She wished a vampire whisk her off her feet one day .	And a vampire came one day and took her .	It was n't like she thought it was going to be .
3	Most of them were blurry .	My wife is an Archie comics fan .	She has been looking at Archie dolls on ebay .	One seller posted several photos of dolls .	After my wife noted this , the seller posted five clear photos .
3	All her mannerisms were there , but heavily exaggerated .	A woman took a book out of the library .	The author was her cousin , so she was excited .	It did n't take long to realize that the villain was based on her .	Thanksgiving dinner was very awkward that year .
2	He decides to stop drinking any coffee .	Miles notices that he has become addicted to coffee .	Whenever he does n't have coffee , he gets a slight headache .	Although the first few days are hard , soon the headaches subside .	Finally Max is free of his coffee addiction .
4	Today , she has 50 locations nationwide .	Britney was living in Orlando , but wanted a change .	She decided to move to LA , and open her shop .	She opened her shop , and had 300 customers the first day .	Her shop was so successful , she opened three more shops in New York .
1	When she sat down , her chair broke .	The teacher tried to explain the lesson to us .	She fell on the floor and could n't get up .	Ron confessed that he broke one of the table 's legs .	The teacher gave him a referral and suspended him .
3	Peter jumped back in fright .	Peter went for a walk in the woods during a windstorm .	The wind caused the trees to sway and crack .	Suddenly a huge branch fell about ten feet in front of Peter .	Peter turned around and went home .
1	They went to visit China .	Todd was on spring break with his friends .	They took an 18 hour long flight to their destination .	Todd was overwhelmed by the smell of fish at the airport .	They crew of friends had a great time in China .
3	Jimmy left the restaurant with a huge heart burn .	Jimmy went to the local diner to get some breakfast .	He could n't decide whether he wanted bacon or sausage .	He decided to get both .	He decided never to eat that much meat ever again .
1	While looking closer , he what he thought was playing was not .	Kenny was walking down the street , and saw 2 children playing .	The children were torturing a baby crab on the ground .	Kenny intervened , and made the children stop hurting the animal .	The children went on their way , and learned not to hurt animals .
0	Scott was working on a play .	He needed to paint props .	He painted a fake porch white .	Then , he painted a bench purple .	Finally , he painted a door brown .
0	I was walking to the bus station .	It started raining .	The bus was late so I waited for one hour .	My feet were soaked due to the rain .	Thus , I developed trench foot and had to go to the hospital .
3	The only houses left were the concrete ones that Joe built .	No one in town would trust Joe to build a house for them .	He built every house out of concrete and everyone liked wood .	A tornado went through the town and destroyed all the wood houses .	Now everyone goes to Joe whenever they want a house .
3	She immediately stopped to spit the fly out .	I cheered on Diana as she was playing the guitar .	Her voice was in harmony with her sequence of guitar notes .	However , a fly flew into her mouth .	I ran across the audience to help her out .
1	She rushed to get dressed .	Jane was late for work .	In her hurry she ripped loose a button .	She took the time to sew it back on .	Although Jane was late for work , she was fully buttoned .
0	It was raining yet warm	The kids still wanted to go to the park .	So the dad agreed .	Once they got there the weather got worse .	They turned around and went home instead .
2	It began to rain very hard .	Sally left her cup outside .	She went inside and forgot .	The cup filled with water .	Sally ran outside and brought her cup in .
3	After he was done he was very tired and sore so he went home .	The farmer looked to the sky and asked the clouds for rain .	He realized it was up to him to water his crops so he got a hose .	The farmer spent all day lugging his hose around to the crops .	The farmer turned on tv and the weatherman called for big rain .
2	Sara went to the store and bought a lot of childrens toys .	Sara looked through her photos at family Christmases .	She suddenly realized that there are kids do not know that joy .	Sara then wrapped the toys and took them to the children 's hospital .	She gave the children the gifts and took a new photo for her album .
1	While she was holding one , she dropped it .	Iris was carrying plates to the cupboard .	It fell on the floor .	The plate shattered into pieces .	She cleaned them up carefully .
1	Halfway there , the elevator ground to a halt .	Eliza took the elevator to the 34th floor .	Eliza and the other people in the elevator pressed the help button .	No one answered them .	Eliza helped pry the elevator door open , and crawled to safety .
1	We loaded our boat onto a trailer and drove to the beach .	My family got up one morning while on vacation .	After loading up from the dock , we took off on our boat .	After only a few minutes on the sea , dolphins began to swim by us .	We played with them for a while and then returned to the dock .
3	After a few hours , Harry received several sunburns .	Harry went to the beach for a party .	Although he forgot his sunscreen , he continued his day without it .	Everyone was mostly out in the sun playing volleyball .	He had to go to the doctor to get everything checked .
2	I scratched it off and actually won !	The other day I bought a scratch off lottery ticket .	I normally do n't buy them but figured I would give it a chance .	I was so excited that I reinvested all my winnings .	I now have 5 more tickets ready to be scratched .
0	Kelsi really loved dogs .	However one day she was bitten by her poodle .	The poodle was brand new and needed to be trained .	Kelsi then trained the dog for a few weeks .	She never got bitten again .
3	The sky turned blue .	It had been raining for days .	The sky had stayed dark and gloomy .	All of a sudden the sun came out .	There was a rainbow in sky .
4	Joe and Sue had a great time at the concert .	Joe wanted to take Sue to the big concert .	But when he went to buy the tickets , they were all sold out !	Sue suggested that they go to the venue and get scalped tickets .	They found someone outside who sold them tickets .
2	Alan 's wife suggested that his brother live in the basement .	Alan 's brother ask if he could move in with Alan and his wife .	At first Alan was worried about a crowded house .	Alan and his brother spent the day turning the basement into a room .	Now Alan 's brother has his own space and so does Alan .
1	He came upon a farmstead , and hailed a yeoman toiling in the fields .	A hussar was riding in the woods one day , scouting for the enemy .	The yeoman returned his hail , and asked after the health of the Czar .	Surprised , the hussar returned that there were no more Czars .	The yeoman cursed the hussar , who rode away shaking his head .
0	Joey was getting married and needed a gown .	She looked at many stores , but nothing looked good on her .	Then she found her mom 's old wedding dress in the attic .	Joey brought it down and tried it on .	The dress was perfectly sized and looked lovely on her !
2	I stayed near Lake Victoria .	I wanted to travel .	I decided to go to Tanzania .	I realized what a beautiful place it was .	I decided to retire there .
4	The name would work well for a boy or girl name .	Luna needed to name her unborn child .	She wanted to honor her grandpa George with the name .	Luna did n't know the gender of her child .	She chose the name Jerzy which means George in Polish .
4	The man got so fat that he was the fattest man alive .	Once there was a man who was a bodybuilder .	This man 's diet was very strict and he had to eat and exercise lots .	One day , he hurt his back and could no longer work out .	His appetite did not change , and he continued to eat a lot of food .
2	Gradually she gave in , and she told me I could have one .	I 've always wanted a dog , but my mom thinks I 'm irresponsible .	I told her I 'd feed it , walk it , play with it , and everything else .	But she also said I 'd have to wait until my birthday .	On my birthday , I got a golden retriever puppy !
2	One day she faced Jill .	Tara loved playing chess .	She won every game .	Jill was so tough that Tara finally lost .	Tara surprisingly still had a great time anyway .
2	Her mother informed her dinner would n't be ready for an hour .	Amy went to the kitchen to see what was for dinner	She had played hard at volleyball practice and was hungry .	Her mother suggested she eat a snack .	She declined , she did n't want a snack to ruin her appetite .
4	I ended up being late .	I went on the subway yesterday .	I was so distracted I ended up missing my stop .	Then i got mad .	I had to wait for the next train .
0	Today was very rainy .	I challenged my mom to a Wii bowling competition .	She agreed .	It was an intense competition .	In the end I lost .
1	He always bragged about getting the best test scores .	Mike thought he was the smartest person in his class .	One day a new student came to the class .	That student beat Mike on every test for the rest of the year .	Mike was no longer the smartest person in his class .
1	She thought they were more filthy than a toilet .	Tami was horrified of water parks .	Her friend convinced her to go after hours and hours of persuasion .	Even though Tami was hesitant she was having fun .	Well until she got water in her mouth that had a dirty band aid in it .
1	My Japanese coworkers suggested I try sushi .	I went to Japan .	I told them I was too scared of raw fish .	They insisted I try sushi .	I decided to try some and I loved it .
2	Finally a coworker recommended he buy a new pair of shoes .	Jackson had always had back pain after working .	His job required him to stand for a long time .	Jackson bought new shoes that were very comfortable .	Finally his back pain was gone .
3	She did n't want to waste them .	Mary was at a ball game .	She went to the concession stand and bought nachos .	On her way back to her seat , she dropped the nachos .	Instead , she picked them all back up and ate them anyways .
1	He really loves first base , but is also good at pitching .	Jerry really loves baseball , but he ca n't decide where to play .	He decides to ask his coach for some advice .	The coach said he can play both .	Now Jerry pitches every fifth day , and plays 1st all other days .
2	A year later Joy ran to me carrying a red envelope .	My husband Jim died of cancer last year on Valentine 's Day .	My daughter Joy stopped reading her favorite book .	She stated that Jim left a card for her to find .	Her loving father left a final love letter in their favorite book .
4	Jim and his family finished their swing set right as the sun set .	Jim and his family wanted to build a swing set in their backyard .	They went to the store and bought all the tools and wood .	When they got home , they realized they did n't have any plans !	Jim looked on the Internet until he found the perfect one .
3	As he sped down the highway , Jack was pulled over by a policeman .	Jack wanted to drive his father 's car .	Jack 's father would not let him drive his car .	Jack waited until his father was asleep to steal the car .	Jack was taken to prison and his father refused to bail him out !
4	But she ended up knocking it on the floor .	Alice was painting during art class .	Her teacher pointed out a mistake in her portrait .	And she quickly improved it .	Alice proudly left her easel when she finished the portrait .
4	His wife had made his favorite oat bread just for him .	Dj was n't a fan of waking up .	It was the worst part of his day .	Today he smelled fresh bread when his alarm clock went off .	He followed the smell to the kitchen .
0	Maggie 's throat had been feeling sore .	Her dad took her to the doctor 's office .	It turned out that she had strep throat .	The doctor told her to go home and rest .	Her dad took her home and she went to bed .
0	Tina loved to walk her two dogs .	They walked the same street every day .	One day they went to a new street and saw a very big and scary dog .	The dog came toward them , and Tina immediately turned to run away .	Tina decided to continue walking on the street she knew well .
0	June was on her speedboat with her cousins .	They were riding around having fun when she noticed the gas was low .	She tried to make it back to the dock , but the gas ran out .	Their boat was floating in the water , and they were stuck .	Luckily , a boat nearby spotted them and helped them fuel up .
3	He eats a delicious stir fry with rice .	Rex is starving hungry but he has no food at home .	He feels too lazy to go to the grocery store .	Finally he decides to order Chinese food delivery .	Rex is so happy to have eaten something so good .
1	Her friends often gave her puzzles for her birthday .	Ann loved to work on puzzles and quizzes .	This year , she had a big birthday party , with lots of gifts .	All of the gifts were puzzles !	Ann now had so many puzzles , she thought she 'd never finish them all .
4	Ty was glad to help out his mom with her online shopping .	Ty 's mom wanted to shop online .	The only problem was that she did n't have a credit or debit card .	Ty offered to use his own debit card if she gave him the cash .	Ty 's mom liked the idea .
3	But then a frown appeared on her face .	Deb was drinking a juice box from the fridge .	She had never had cranberry juice before .	At first it was ok .	She had to spit it out in the sink !
1	She was supposed to go to dance class right after .	Mindy had just finished an orthodontist appointment .	But , her gums were very sore after the appointment .	She was so uncomfortable that she decided to skip class .	Luckily , her coach did n't mind .
0	The teacher told Diana that she 's failing the class .	However , he reminded her that she can pass with a 90 on the exam .	Diana called off of work to have more time .	She ended up giving up after studying for an hour .	She ended up with a 33 on the exam .
2	My Mom use to play professionally and has been keeping up her skills .	I always play my mom in Tennis at least once a month .	I have been taking lessons and getting a lot better .	Last week it looked like I was going to beat her for the first time .	She really played hard so I felt incredible when I won the final set .
4	Now he can ride any roller coaster without being nervous at all .	Rick 's family loved to go to amusement parks .	However , Rick never rode any of the big roller coasters .	One day , his family convinced him to ride the biggest ride .	Rick was very scared but he ended up really enjoying it .
2	Finally Jarvis decides to brew a pot of tea to stay awake .	Jarvis has felt more sleepy every day this week .	His work is requiring more hours than it used to .	He feels the caffeine waking him up .	Jarvis does n't feel sleepy any more .
4	Tina 's Christmas was ruined .	Tina needed money to buy her family Christmas presents .	She took some extra shifts at her job .	Tina worked very hard to get the extra money .	Unfortunately someone broke into her house and stole all her money .
4	The panic turned to confusion when she saw the cat stroll out .	Tammy taught her cat to flush the toilet .	One weekend , Tammy 's mom came to visit .	She was awakened by flushing from the dark bathroom .	Tammy 's mom rushed out of the room in a panic .
3	Instead it started to snow .	The forecast called for rainy .	I packed my raincoat .	It never rained .	The weather is never predictable .
1	One day Chloe found out that she was extremely sick .	Chloe and Chanel are best friends .	Trying to hide illness , she was rushed to the hospital .	Chloe begged her family not to tell Chanel .	Chloe passed away the next day leaving a letter for Chanel .
1	He found some beautiful and others repugnant .	Gordy took an interest in city flags .	He most disliked the flags with text on them .	He entered a design in a redesign contest for his own city .	Gordy 's flag was a finalist , but lost in the end .
3	Uma corrected the error before anything was published .	Uma is a senior accountant .	Uma manages all the finances for a large company .	Before quarterly profits were published , Uma noticed a big error !	The executives congratulated Uma on her good work .
1	He was going to teach her to ride her bike .	Samantha 's dad took her to the park .	At first , she did well and rode down the path .	Suddenly , she fell and hurt her knee .	Her dad comforted her and then they tried again .
2	It also has caffeine so it can replace my morning coffee .	One of my favorite new drinks is green tea .	I read in an article that green tea helps with weight loss .	I find a store that sells green team for very cheap .	I now drink about five cups of green tea every day .
1	This made Gary quite sad .	Gary 's friends made fun of his hairstyle .	Gary decided to go to a salon to get a professional haircut .	The salon did a great job giving Gary a great hairstyle .	Now Gary 's friends do n't make fun of his hair .
0	Ariel was trying to lose weight .	Every morning , she trudged to the gym and exercised .	As her body became more toned , she drew glances from men .	Ariel flirted with a man by the treadmills .	She was disappointed when it turned out he was gay .
3	She followed the instructions and had it changed within ten minutes .	Lucy was driving down the street when she got a flat tire .	She has never changed a tire before and did n't know how .	She used her smartphone to watch a video tutorial on how to .	She is very thankful for the technology we have access to today .
4	Bill drove his new truck home .	Bill decided he wanted a new truck .	He went to the bank to get a loan .	Bill spent the next few hours at a car lot .	He found the perfect truck !
0	Dawson loved to cross country ski .	He had planned this trip for two weeks .	He had been skiing for four hours when he realized he was lost .	He was scared but made a fire and waited for rescue .	It was n't until morning , almost 14 hours later that he was found .
1	I hit a long drive that landed in the rough on the second hole .	I was playing golf with my friends in Hawaii .	I noticed a wild sow with her piglets near my ball .	Fearing the sow , I left the ball where it landed .	I was relieved to get far away from that scary swine .
1	But the book was $ 65 and she could not afford it !	Amaya wanted a high school yearbook .	Then her teacher handed her a copy of the yearbook .	The other students had chipped in and purchased Amaya 's book !	Amaya was so happy , she nearly cried .
4	He bought her a drink , and took her home for a fun night .	Todd went to the night club by himself .	His friends did n't want to go out to the club so he went alone .	He arrived at 11 and the club was packed .	Although nervous , he managed to meet a girl , Tina .
1	Until his barber sneezed while shaving his neck .	Joe was just getting his hair trimmed .	He ended up with an almost bald strip down the back of his head .	His barber felt terrible .	He evened it out as best he could .
3	Just as he walked off of the porch , the entire thing crumbled .	Jimmy was sitting on his homemade porch .	The porch was high up over his backyard .	Jimmy heard a groaning noise and decided to investigate .	If he had n't moved , he would have fallen and been hurt .
4	Tom laughed and the restaurant suddenly came into view .	Tom invited Dan to come down to Mexico to visit him .	Dan was somewhat scared but bought a ticket and went down .	Tom met Dan at the airport and drove him to the middle of nowhere .	Dan was getting very scared .
2	The delivery person got the name wrong .	Walter paid for a bouquet to be delivered to his wife .	She was at work at the office all day .	A different woman got the flowers .	Walter 's wife thought it was funny when she found out .
0	Toby was a fisherman .	While he was out fishing , a storm came up .	He hid in the cabin of his boat while the storm tossed it to and fro .	Soon the storm passed , and Toby saw everything on the deck was safe .	He was so relieved to have made it through the storm .
0	Lily was excited to try to new kfc near her house .	Kfc was her favorite restaurant and she loved the chicken .	She got her friends together and they headed over .	They got a bucket of chicken and fries .	It was delicious .
3	They also played bingo one night .	They went to the casino for vacation .	They played golf and went to spa .	They had great gourmet dinners there .	It was a great time and wanted to go again .
2	He does n't like it the changes in his girlfriend .	Tim 's girlfriend Gina starts seeing a psychologist .	Tim notices that it 's changing her .	So he demands that she stop seeing the doctor .	Gina responds to his ultimatum by dumping him .
1	He wanted to start a fire in the fireplace .	It was cold in Samuel 's house .	He had no wood , but he was desperate .	He broke up an old chair to use for wood .	After a couple minutes , the chair was burning and he was warm !
2	She lined up her shot .	Claudia was taking a picture .	She set up up the objects she was photographing carefully .	The battery light blinked , and the camera shut off .	Claudia sighed , and put the objects away for another day .
0	Charles liked surfing the web .	He was on a mission to see everyone 's website .	While watching a movie online , he saw an ad that demanded attention .	The ad was about ten rare diseases that would gross out anyone .	Charles clicked the ad and his computer was taken over by a virus .
1	She looked around the house at the clutter .	Sandra was exhausted from working all day .	It was then that she decided to create power-cleaning time .	After dinner , everyone would clean super fast for 15 minutes .	This became a daily ritual and helped lighten her load significantly .
0	Beth got a job when she was fourteen .	She saved her money for two Year 's so she could buy a car .	One of the first times she drove the car , she got into a bad accident .	The car flipped over twice and slid across a lane of oncoming traffic .	The car was totaled and Beth had no money or car , but she was alive .
2	Rachel decided to become a journalist .	Rachel has always been an outspoken girl .	When she was young , she never hesitated to share her opinions .	She worked her way to the top for years .	She now has her own show and many loyal followers .
2	He had entitlement issues and was very selfish .	Shia was the lead singer of a band .	So Shia had the tendency to be a dick .	He did n't care that his band hated him .	When he came to practice today he was no longer the band 's lead singer .
3	He told the DJ to play his favorite song .	Bernard was at the local club .	He did n't like the music that the DJ was playing .	Bernard decided to request a song .	Bernard began dancing on the dance floor .
2	Sam was next at bat , but struck out .	It was the bottom of the ninth inning , and the score was tied .	Bo hit a double , and made it to second base .	Sue hit a single , and advanced Bo to third base .	Last , Mo struck out , but Bo stole home , so the Blues won the game .
3	We all had a vote and that person lost .	I was ordering pizza for the family the other day .	We were going to split a big one .	One person wanted pineapple .	We got pepperoni instead and everyone else was happy .
0	My mom was a very active lively woman .	One day she started feeling ill and ignored the symptoms .	After three long weeks of barely getting by she finally saw a doctor .	At that point she was so sick she had to be hospitalized for a week .	She learned that now she needs to see the doctor much sooner .
4	I thought they were joking , but they were n't unfortunately .	Finally school was out for the summer .	I went home and my parents looked at me with an angry expression .	I asked my parents what was going on ?	They told me that I needed to go to summer school .
3	He became furious and threw the ball on the ground .	The shot clock ran out of time .	However , Jimmy continued to make a shot .	The referee told him that his shot did n't count .	As a result , he received a technical foul .
3	Finally someone reminded him what goose meant .	Leo was playing duck , duck , goose with his class .	The boy who was it just kept going around and around .	He kept saying duck .	He finally picked someone so the game could move on .
3	Arnold had to detain him .	Arnold was called to a disturbance .	There was a drunk man there .	He was belligerent and tried to attack Arnold .	He was arrested for disorderly conduct and attacking an officer .
0	I walked my dogs with my wife yesterday .	It was cold and rainy outside .	We walked for about a mile .	My dogs got exhausted .	When we got home they slept for hours .
2	She mixed the batter according to the recipe .	Kelly wanted to make cookies .	She took her favorite recipe out of her card box .	She baked the cookies .	Kelly sat and enjoyed a warm cookie with a glass of cold milk .
2	It was n't long before I was working out .	It was high time to get started working out .	I went to the local gym and setup a membership .	I had a lot on my mind that day .	It felt great to get a workout in !
2	They did not want Tina to feel welcome .	Kristen and Lisa were best friends at the restaurant .	When a new waitress Tina came in , they hated it .	They ostracized her until she no longer felt wanted .	Eventually Tina quit .
4	Janet went out and had a great day .	Janet was on an early morning walk .	She noticed a beautiful sunrise over a river and decided to watch .	It was so beautiful and colorful .	The view was inspiring .
4	My girlfriend will be getting a fat boyfriend as a present .	I bought my girlfriend chocolates for valentine 's day .	Then I remembered that she 's allergic .	The store said I ca n't return them .	So now I 'm eating all the chocolates by myself .
2	She went inside and played with it for a while .	Sarah passed a pet store .	In the window she noticed a playful kitten .	She could n't bear to leave without it .	She decided to give the kitten a new home .
1	Growing up she always dreamed of winning gold medals .	Janet loved gymnastics .	The closest she ever got was bronze .	It was at an important competition and she got local fame .	She still hangs it proudly on her wall .
2	Sam cleaned out all the food and set out for the store .	Sam came home to find water all over his kitchen floor .	He reached for his fridge and realized that it was off .	Sam purchased a new fridge and had it delivered .	Sam restocked his new fridge with all his favorite food .
4	They returned home laden with lots of potable souvenirs !	Becca was going on a tour with her husband .	They had arranged to visit ten different local wineries .	At each one they sampled wines and cheeses .	By the end of the tour they were relaxed and happy .
1	I selected three minutes for the cooking time and walked away .	I placed my burrito into the microwave .	After two minutes , I heard a large explosion .	My burrito ended up breaking in pieces .	I immediately took it out and started to clean everywhere .
2	They made me hand out bread .	I wanted to volunteer .	I decided to volunteer at the soup kitchen .	I hated it .	But , I realized that I got to make a difference in people 's lives .
2	The dogs were eager to explore as he set off on the path .	Jeff like to take hikes in nature .	He took his two dogs with him to the local trail head .	The dogs wandered off the path often .	At the end of the hike , both Jeff and the dogs were happy .
0	Lisa has a lot of nightmares lately .	At night she wakes up crying and covered in sweat .	Usually she can fall asleep on her own again .	But this time she needed the comfort of her mother laying next to her .	After a few minutes she was finally able to fall asleep .
4	The girls could n't get in .	There was a new club opening down the street .	Lindsay thought it would be fun to check out .	She brought her girls along with her .	Unfortunately they were n't on the list .
1	He had only turned around for a few seconds .	Bob left a ham sandwich on the table to go get a drink .	But when he sat back down it was gone .	He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips .	He knew not to trust her around the table any more .
1	She planned it with her husband .	Cathy wanted to go to the beach .	The day came for them to go .	Her husband did n't want to go anymore .	Even though he was supposed to he did n't go and she went alone .
1	While making breakfast for her son , she heard banging at her door .	A friend of mine lived in an old rented house .	The neighbors son was yelling roof is on fire !	She collected her son and fled out the door .	They just made it out as the house was engulfed within moments .
4	Finally , they agreed on a lion .	A school was about to open a new building .	The new building did n't have a mascot yet .	They asked the students to vote on the animal .	It was hard to choose , a lot of people argued over what it should be .
0	Deep in the woods of Montana was a bear .	This bear was very angry as lumberjacks kept cutting down the forest .	The angry bear found some lumberjacks and roared at them !	The lumberjacks were scared and decided to go away for good .	The bear saved his forest and was able to live happily ever after .
0	I asked my cousin if we can hang out today .	She agreed to pick me up and travel to a restaurant .	The restaurant specializes in wings , so we ordered a special .	After eating , we decided to go to a yogurt shop .	The next day , we could n't stop talking about the previous night .
0	Haley hated grocery shopping .	Her friend Hannah loved to grocery shop .	They decided to grocery shop together .	During their trip , they got stuck behind a lady with many kids .	Now they both dislike grocery shopping .
3	And he realized how cold the night was .	Mike 's computer crashed every 20 minutes .	But he did not know the cause .	At night however , his computer was more stable .	Mike then knew he had to cool down his computer some how .
4	Alas , my dog ate half of the pencil and was sick for two days !	I had to go to school .	I packed my backpack and realized my pencil was gone .	I turned my head and saw my dog chewing my pencil .	I scolded him and took the pencil back .
1	They loved the house and had great memories of skiing .	The Jenner Family went to the family ski house every winter .	One winter there was a severe storm .	The house was blown away by the wind storm .	Now the Jones family no longer goes to the ski house .
4	Sean saw that his bike had been stolen by a masked man .	Sean rode a bike to work .	He always parked the bike out back near the trash .	One night , he came out to find his bike gone .	They watched the security tapes .
4	Now Chris no longer has to deal with dry hands .	Chris notices that his hands become very dry in the winter .	Having dry skin makes it harder for Chris to work .	One day he tries using lotion to make his hands more moist .	He is amazed at how well the lotion works .
3	Tom learned how to create an app .	Tom was a college student .	Tom was a computer science major .	Tom wanted to develop an app .	Tom created an app .
0	My sister in law gave me a book of matches .	She asked me to sell them on ebay .	I started the bid at $ 1 and fifty cents .	I received one bid .	With shipping I made $ 2 and eighty five cents for my sister in law .
2	On moving day friends and family showed up to help .	Jeff had lived in an apartment all his life .	He had finally bought a house to move into .	The entire day was spent moving all of Jeff 's things .	At the end of the day Jeff was exhausted but happy about his new home .
1	The tea was too hot for him to drink .	Greg poured himself a cup of tea .	He blew on it and added some ice cubes .	The tea rapidly cooled to his liking .	Greg drank the cup in one gulp .
1	He spent his summer cutting lawns to earn money .	Jerome wanted to buy a new television .	After he had enough money he brought it to the store .	The television he wanted was on sale for half the price !	Jerome enjoyed watching his favorite movies on his new television .
1	He had been badly injured in a game and almost died .	Edward was a professional football player with a decision to make .	As much as he liked to play football , it frightened him .	He wanted to live on and stay with his family .	So , he made the difficult decision to stop playing professionally .
0	My four-year-old nephew loves to wake us up .	This morning his hands were cold .	He crawled into bed with us .	He put his hands on my back .	As I screamed , he yelled cold hands .
1	Prison was scary and I cried every day .	I was sentenced to prison for murdering my wife .	Eventually , I joined a prison gang .	They became my best friends .	I realized that prison was actually fun !
3	The rainy started to wash down the mountains and to the gravel road .	It was Christmas morning and they were going to the next safari lodge .	The gravel road was deserted except for roaming animals .	Mountains in the distance were covered in storm clouds .	The road was washed away and took the truck with it .
1	But Charles was n't a rider , he did n't even have a good bike .	Charles wanted to join the bicycle club like his friend Kevin .	The club 's leader said Charles had to own a bike to get in .	Then he said Charles had to ride on a trail with the club .	It was tough on Charles but he rode the trail and joined the club .
1	He went to the doctor to find out what was wrong .	Rob noticed he had pain in his side .	He learned that he had a kidney infection .	It was caused by untreated salmonella , which happens very rarely .	Rob was successfully treated , becoming a famous medical case study !
2	He advertised it all over school and made a big contest .	Tim was the leader of his school 's mathematics club .	He only had three members but needed more members for funding .	Spending money out of his own pocket , Tim thought he did a good job .	Unfortunately at the following days meeting no one knew showed up .
0	I keep several packets of vanilla sugar wafers in my car .	I enjoy these as my afternoon snack at work .	My daughter grabbed a packet , she was going to eat them .	I roared at her to get her hands off my snack !	Now when she sees the wafers , she laughs , knowing not to make me roar !
1	He opened the restaurant one morning with another server named Theo .	Chris was a server at a local Italian restaurant .	There were no customers for two hours and Chris had errands to run .	He convinced Theo to let him leave because it was n't busy .	When Chris came back the restaurant was packed and Theo had made $ 100 .
2	He realized that he did not have any canvas to paint on .	A bored artist looked out the window at the landscape .	He decided to paint the landscape .	The painter decided to paint right on the window .	He got out his brushes and paint and began to create .
1	He was a good citizen and hunted in season .	James loved hunting .	During buck season , he found the perfect spot .	He caught three large bucks in one day !	James brought his catches back to show off to his family .
3	He loved his artwork very much !	Ed wanted to paint .	He mixed egg tempera paints with egg yolks .	Then he created some paintings .	He decided to hang it in his house .
4	Howard ended up beating Pete .	Howard and Pete were arguing .	Pete said he could beat Howard at thumb war .	They decided to play a game .	They put their hands together and played for five minutes .
0	Lana was at the lake with friends .	All of her friends wanted to jump off a cliff .	Lana went up with them and watched them all jump .	When it was her turn , she started to feel scared .	Her friends promised it would be okay , so she finally jumped .
2	Paul was into this girl , and she made him a tray of sushi .	Paul was a very picky eater , he would only eat his few favorite foods .	This made Paul a bad guest to invite to dinner .	Even though he did n't like it , he ate it for the girl .	Paul ended up really liking it , and learned to try new things .
1	He noticed a wallet under a park bench .	Jason was on his way to a football game .	He searched the wallet and found a card with a name and phone number .	He called the number and asked the man if this was his wallet .	The man confirmed and the two set up a meet to exchange the wallet .
0	Martha picked up a pizza at the store .	She put it in the oven when she got home .	Then , she went to take a shower while she waited .	When she came out , she smelled burning .	She ran to check on the pizza , and saw it was completely ruined .
4	Jim finally bought a black pair with black laces for work .	Jim always wore the same shoes .	They were black with white laces .	He needed a new pair badly .	He was finally convinced to buy a new pair .
3	The eye doctor confirmed that Lynda was nearsighted .	Lynda noticed she was having trouble reading the board in school .	She told her mother about her difficulty seeing .	Lynda 's mother made an appointment with an eye doctor .	The doctor gave Lynda 's mother a prescription for glasses to help .
0	Lidia received braces as a kid .	After getting them off , she did n't wear her retainer .	Her teeth moved drastically .	She reached her 20 's with crooked teeth .	Now she has to pay thousands of dollars for her young mistake .
0	Louis stepped out from his pod .	How great it was to be the first man here , he thought to himself .	He took a few steps forward , and grabbed some moon rocks .	They were put into his bag .	He looked up at the sun overhead .
1	On Christmas night he went to bed unhappy .	Matt was spending his first Christmas with his new adoptive parents .	He had seen that there were no presents under the tree .	But the next morning , his eyes widened in shock .	Santa had come in the night and left dozens of gifts !
0	A woman decided to test the accuracy of an aphorism .	She filled two pots equally with water , and put them on to boil .	One she hid with a screen , and the other she watched intently .	There was no statistically significant difference in boiling time .	She never did realize that she 'd missed the point of the saying .
3	He was starving all day .	Bo was in a rush to leave for school one morning .	When he got there , he realized he 'd forgotten his lunch .	Bo was angry at himself !	He could n't wait to get home and eat a big dinner !
0	Will really liked Ally , who sat behind him in History class .	One day Ally told Will that his rolled up sleeves made him look tough .	Since then Will began rolling up his sleeves .	One day a new kid came to school .	He beat Will up because he wanted to take out the toughest kid .
1	Her mom took her to the mall where they waited in line .	Alix was 4 and she was meeting Santa for the first time .	He looked kind of scary in his bright red suit .	But Alex really wanted a puppy for Christmas so she needed to ask him .	When she sat on his lap , he was n't so scary after all .
2	There was a big commotion but no one knew what to do .	Ted was in the cafeteria on campus having lunch .	Two tables down from Ted a girl began choking .	Ted rushed over and successfully gave the girl the Heimlich maneuver .	Ted saved her life !
3	Life got much harder .	Ken was happy to divorce his wife .	He thought things would be better some place else .	He was wrong .	He really regretted leaving his family .
2	He saved enough to buy a ring , car and house down payment .	Blake wanted to marry his girlfriend .	He began working long hours and saving his money .	Blake proposed and his girlfriend said yes .	She was very impressed with his hard work and preparing .
4	I left empty , tired and disappointed .	I decided to go out shopping the night of Black Friday to get deals .	I waited in a long line to be let into the store .	All around me , people rushed in to get the best deals .	I relentlessly looked , but there was nothing that caught my eye .
1	However , my attitude changed when my cousin passed away .	I 've been saving up for the past two months for a car .	As a result , I decided to buy a few gifts for Christmas .	My family and friends were extremely happy when they got their gifts .	Ultimately , I felt more happier .
4	Jake was able to break his own personal record !	Jake was at the gym .	He wanted to bench press his new personal record .	Jake put 225 pounds of weights on the barbell .	Jake concentrated really hard before his set .
2	When he got home , he started to board up the windows .	Hurricane Harry was set to land some time tomorrow .	Fred went down to the hardware store to buy some supplies .	Fred finished after some hours of hard work .	Fred took his family and drove to a safer part of the region .
3	They argued until they were kicked out of the store .	Bob and Wendy went to the supermarket .	Bob wanted steak and Wendy wanted candy .	They did n't have enough money to pay for both .	They decided to try fast food , instead .
3	Hannah felt uncomfortable and decided to end her shopping trip .	Hannah was in the grocery store .	Suddenly , she saw someone very familiar- her ex boyfriend .	He caught her eye , and ignored her .	She went home and felt depressed the rest of the day .
0	James threw the punch with all his might .	He could feel all his body 's strength behind it .	He heard a loud crack !	He opened his eyes and saw the sky .	He had missed and got knocked out .
3	I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys .	I was on my way out the door .	I had my work bag and phone in my hand .	I closed the front door and locked the bottom lock .	I had locked myself out .
1	His friends told him they were ugly .	Bob had round glasses .	Bob decided to get new glasses .	He went to the glasses store in the mall .	He bought some stylish glasses .
3	Don offered to help in the kitchen to pay for his food .	Don was at a restaurant when he discovered he did not bring his wallet	He had already eaten his food .	The waiter said he could not leave without paying .	He had to work for hours to pay for his meal before he could go home .
0	Caroline and her brother wrote letters to Santa on Christmas Eve .	They wrote heartfelt letters telling Santa what they wanted .	They placed cookies and milk on the table for him to eat .	When the kids woke up the milk and cookies were gone .	All that was there in return were presents .
4	She gave them an 8 out of 10 stars for their professionalism .	Olivia went to a restaurant she 'd never been to before .	She was nasty and demanding to the staff .	They still provided her with the best service they could .	Olivia was a food critic , and was testing them .
3	She was stuck at the end of the road .	Rebecca was driving to work .	She was driving as fast as she could .	To her dismay she got a flat tire .	Rebecca had to call for help .
3	He told Jake to think about his wife , kids , and great job .	Jake had his birthday yesterday , he turned thirty Years old .	He is getting nervous that his best Years are behind him .	He went out with a friend who reminded him all the good in his life	Jake became thankful for all he 's done in his twenties .
3	The insect filled Sam with great terror .	The weather outside was very nice and warm .	Sam decided to open a window to let in some fresh air .	A fly came in through the open window .	He ran from the room and slammed the door behind him .
0	Jane rode her bike to Walmart .	She rode inside and knocked down all the shelves .	The security guards chased her around , but she was too fast .	Jane returned home that afternoon to see herself on tv .	Jane was wanted by the police for her antics .
4	The ice turned to water and she did n't have to scrape the windshield .	Gina needed to clean the ice from her windshield .	But the ice was hard to scrape off .	Gina cranked the heat up and let it blow on the windshield .	She waited 10 minutes for the heat to melt the ice .
4	He squealed and she wondered what had been stopping her from this fun .	It was the last one to do , but Tahar hesitated .	She did n't feel like doing another thing , but it winked at her .	She tried to prop herself up and remind herself this was the last one .	Sighing , she picked up the filthy puppy and dunked him in the tub .
4	Still , they 'd had a great time bonding together .	Anna went out hunting with her dad .	She 'd never shot a gun , so she took her bow instead .	They walked through the woods all day .	At the end of the day , neither had shot anything .
3	Kay received a lot of calls about the kittens .	Kay 's cat Vina had 4 kittens .	Although she loved the cute kittens she did n't have room for them .	Kay placed a flyer on the board at work in the break room .	By the end of the week all the kittens had new homes .
2	Ron saved a lot of money , so he decided to rent a jet .	Ron got a magazine in the mail with pictures from Tahiti .	Ron decided that he would save up his money to go on vacation there .	Because of this , he was able to invite all his friends .	Ron 's friends praised him for this generosity and threw him a party .
3	He grabbed the first box he saw and continued on quickly .	Peter went to the store for his girlfriend .	He needed to buy her some tampons .	He sheepishly walked down the woman 's care aisle .	Peter got a kiss from his girlfriend when he returned home .
0	Jim was incredibly tired one morning .	But he forced himself out of bed .	He boiled water on the stove to use for coffee .	But he was so tired he went back to bed .	After he woke up , he saw a steaming , boiling pot on the stove .
2	Her parents told her they were getting divorced .	Mary 's favorite holiday used to be Thanksgiving .	This year , however , she got some bad news during the holiday .	Mary felt like someone had just broken her heart .	Ever since , Mary hates Thanksgiving and the bad memories of that day .
0	It was a busy Saturday night at the airport as I waited for my flight .	I watched as the crowd across from me boarded their flight one by one .	Left in the seats was one woman wearing earbuds using her computer .	Suddenly she looked up , screamed and pounded on the glass .	She had missed her flight , the agents stood shaking their heads .
1	In a frenzy , she went around the house cleaning .	Pam received a call that her in-laws were dropping by to visit .	She hid the unwashed baby bottles in the oven .	She forgot about them after the chaos of the visit .	Later , when she went to preheat the oven , they all melted !
3	After a few hours , she decided to head home .	Anne went to the bar one night .	She had a few beers .	Then she ordered a shot of rum .	Anne stumbled home , happy and tired !
2	Martin enjoyed not having to do his homework .	Martin did n't like doing his homework .	One day he decided to pay Will to do his homework for him .	It did n't take long for Martin 's bad decision to catch up with him .	When test time came Martin had no know of the material and failed .
3	The kids lined up at the end of the street to start .	It was summer and Beth was bored .	She decided to gather the neighborhood kids to race .	She went door to door gathering participants .	Even though Beth did n't win she had a great time .
1	He noticed a foreign tribe by his tribe 's river .	A barbarian was walking through the woods one day .	He ran home and warned his fellow tribesman .	They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat .	The other tribe fled and the barbarian and his tribe went home .
1	It was a bitterly cold and stormy night and I searched for hours .	One Thanksgiving my car went missing .	Finally , I had to give up and go home to bed .	Shortly after I did , I heard a quiet , pathetic meow .	He had snuck into a cupboard and fallen asleep and was n't lost at all !
4	All that traffic was just to watch somebody change a tire !	Driving home one day , I noticed the traffic was worse than usual .	After about 45 minutes of not moving at all , I finally saw it .	There were lights surrounding a car on the side of the highway .	A police officer was helping a woman change her tire .
1	Sam had over 200 pairs of socks .	Sam was an avid sock collector .	He brought his socks everywhere he went in a suitcase .	One year he took a trip to London where he forgot his suitcase !	All of his time spent collecting socks had been wasted !
1	When she was a puppy she escaped from our backyard .	When I was little I had a dog named Cozy .	I could n't find Cozy and was devastated .	My dad went out to search the block for Cozy .	After hours he found Cozy a few blocks over and brought her home .
1	All of the clowns danced for the audience .	A circus act began and 100 clowns came to the main stage .	One by one a clown left while the others kept dancing .	When there was two clowns the face each other .	One clown smashed a pie in the other 's face and ran off .
3	We took a ton of pictures .	Every year my family and I go to Disney .	We always have a total blast .	This year we went back and did all the rides .	I ca n't wait to go back .
3	It sniffed at the fox and coaxed them out .	The fox ran through the forest .	It sniffed at logs here and there .	Within one log it found another fox , hiding away .	Together they continued to run through the forest .
2	She decided to head to the thrift shop .	Terri needed a new pair of speakers .	The ones she currently has are always malfunctioning .	She found brand new speakers for a very cheap price .	Terri went home to install her new speakers .
0	Trichelle rode her bike to work everyday .	On the way , she ran into a mini storm .	When the storm ended , Trichelle was soaked .	She went back home to change her clothes .	Before she left again , she put on a rain coat .
0	I am a movie fan and wanted to know more about film .	I read one book on the history of film .	As it was too short , I read another one this week .	The book mentioned important films in history .	After I read the book I began watching films listed in the book .
3	He has one sip and loves it !	After a long life , Horatio realizes he has never had tequila .	He decides that he wants to try tequila before he dies .	Horatio flies to Oaxaca , Mexico to try tequila .	Horatio can now die happily because he has tried tequila .
3	Martha 's work was demanding and paid very little .	Martha needed a job .	She was interviewed at a fast food place .	She was hired and began work immediately .	However she was thankful to have a job .
1	When he asked for help , his mom said that would n't be fair .	Sam 's teacher assigned the class to make dioramas .	Sam did his best , but the diorama was n't perfect .	Next to the other expert-looking models , it looked sloppy and simple .	Sam got an A because the teacher knew he made it himself .
0	The snow fell fast and furiously for two hours .	Once it stopped , Jane ran outside with her coat and mittens on .	She got down on the ground and spread her arms and legs .	She made a perfect snow angel from the first snowfall of the year .	She went back inside to warm up and admire her work .
2	One night , I dreamt that he wanted to take me with him .	Every night I dreamt about a man in a blue box .	He would travel through all space and time .	A sound wakes me in the middle of the night .	I head to the door and see the man in the blue box has come for me .
2	He teacher was being interviewed by a local news reporter .	Timmy was watching the morning news .	All of a sudden , he saw his teacher on his TV !	Timmy congratulated his teacher in class the next day .	His teacher showed the news segment in class afterwards .
0	Our building had a Christmas party yesterday .	My friend Joe sat with us .	He had received a medal from France and was talking to a friend .	One of the guests got into an argument with Joe 's friend .	The fight provided drama for the party .
4	Kelly celebrated by getting pizza .	Kelly wanted to try out for soccer this year .	She was nervous but confident she could do it .	Kelly showed up and did her best .	She made the team that day .
4	He felt good that he got some exercise .	Josh woke up to a sunny Saturday morning .	He decided to go for a bike ride and enjoy the weather .	He took his bike out and left his house .	Josh rode his bike to the park and back .
2	He located the nearest botanica .	Luke was new to the area .	He needed religious supplies for his house .	They had an assortment of items which were needed .	Luke now has his supplies for his home .
2	She checked in the storeroom but they were sold out of her size .	Amy wanted to buy a coat when it went on sale at work .	She arrived the day of the sale to find her size was gone .	Amy decided to go with a size larger .	After a month Amy realized the coat was just too big .
3	She took a photo of a rebuilt bus headed back .	One of my retired coworkers is a bus consultant .	She is on a project to rebuild transit buses .	She drove up to the rebuild site last week .	I posted the photo on social media after obtaining permission .
4	He found that that she is a party animal based on her photos .	Jim met Sam for the first time .	Before they left each other , she gave him her Facebook URL .	He tried to find her URL online .	In addition , he also looked through her account .
0	I was driving down the street one day .	A red light came on , and I waited there patiently .	Out of nowhere , a drunk driver in a truck slammed into my car .	I was n't hurt , but my car was totaled .	I called the police and I safely made it home shortly after .
4	Everywhere in the crowd people clapped and wiped their tears .	Dan and his high school basketball team were Champions .	They worked hard all year and were very emotional .	The whole team stood on the court hugging and crying .	The crowd was touched by their emotions .
0	Jane had a gymnastics competition on Friday .	She worked hard all week .	She practiced extra on the balance beam .	She did n't fall a single time on Thursday .	She got a perfect score at her competition !
2	She realizes she locked herself out of her apartment and car .	JJ is on her way to a job interview .	She leaves her apartment without her keys .	She calls to reschedule the interview .	They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her .
0	Jim was on the the United States Olympic track team .	He participated in the long jump event .	He prepared for Years for his chance .	Jim ran as fast and jumped as high as he could !	Jim ended up winning a gold medal !
3	Perry played hard and made it to the championships .	Perry was a great baseball pitcher .	He pitched for several games .	Perry worked hard at his craft .	Now , Perry is in the Baseball Hall of Fame .
1	But , he could n't afford one .	Tom wanted to buy his wife a gift .	He decided to steal something for his wife .	He stole a pearl necklace .	His wife loved the necklace and never found out it was stolen .
0	Mary was unsure about vaccines .	She decided to read up more about them .	She found different sources of information .	Some seemed more legit than others .	It helped Mary make up her mind about vaccines .
3	She was amazed and grateful it had n't broken .	Cheryl used her iPad almost constantly .	She carried it around the house while doing housework .	One day she dropped it on the tile floor three times !	Unfortunately , it broke the fourth time she dropped it !
4	When Kelly tried it on the shirt did n't fit .	It was Kelly 's birthday .	She really was happy to have her party .	When her friends arrived they gave her presents .	Her friend Lucy gave her a shirt .
3	Afterwards they left the stage .	The band had an exciting performance tonight .	They rocked for hours on the stage .	The audience cheered for them .	The band members took a nap as they headed towards their next city .
2	Sam witnessed a poor man begging on the streets .	Sam went for a ride in Shanghai with his family .	There was a giant parade for the New Years .	He offered the man a dollar .	The man accepted , then ripped the dollar in front of his eyes .
2	He quit his job and made a start up .	Bob worked in sales .	Bob wanted to sale for his own company .	With due diligence , he was able to find a supplier .	Bob now runs a successful firm .
0	Beth is polish just like her entire family .	That 's all they have ever eaten is polish foods .	Beth just moved out on her own and wanted to try something new .	She had a cheeseburger for dinner for the first time in her life .	She now loves cheeseburgers and ca n't wait to try more American foods .
2	One game other players got injured and he got more play time .	Jack was a rookie on his baseball team .	He had little experience but was eager .	Jack did very well and impressed everyone .	He was given more play time from then on out .
2	In the middle of the book was a $ 20 bill .	Mike went to a used book store to find a book to read .	He picked a book of the shelf and paged through it .	Mike pocketed the money and went to pay for the book .	He used the money to buy the book .
0	I tried to go to sleep .	After a few hours , I remained awake .	I tried to eat a snack and drink some juice .	In addition , I tried to watch a few videos .	However , I was n't able to sleep until 5 o'clock in the morning .
3	On the hike , Jerry falls and twists his ankle .	Jerry loves to spend time outdoors hiking .	He walks five miles everyday to stay in shape .	He decides to try out a very rough hiking trail by himself .	Luckily another hiker comes by and helps him get to the doctor safely .
4	I jumped for joy and ran to the boutique to pick it up .	I had been trying for ages to get the new birkin bag .	When I went to the Hermes store they did n't have any in stock .	Upset , I forgot about it .	Then luckily I got a call and they had one for me .
0	I had to give my dog a bath .	He ran away from me , because he did not want to get wet .	I caught him after a chase .	I washed him thoroughly .	We 're safe from giving him a bath for another month .
1	He needed to update a column to change a value .	Eli did n't know much about using Microsoft Access .	Eli googled the procedure .	He found a tutorial and it was very simple .	Eli easily updated the column 's values .
3	The splinter hurts Thomas .	Thomas is an experienced wood worker and he rarely makes mistakes .	He brags about his woodworking prowess .	However , one day Thomas is lazy and he gets a splinter from the wood .	He decides not to brag so much about his woodworking skills .
1	She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast .	Stephanie woke up very hungry .	She mixed all of the ingredients .	Stephanie ate the oatmeal very quickly .	She felt full until lunch time .
1	When he was done he smoked a cigarette .	A farmer was put all his hay in the barn .	A strong breeze blew the lit cigarette from his hand .	It landed on the hay .	The hay caught on fire quickly .
1	She was nervous , but things were going well .	It was Molly 's first day at a new school .	Then , she tried to go to latin class .	Soon , she realized that she was lost .	Luckily , a student noticed and helped her find the class .
0	Carol was out for a walk in a new city .	While she was walking it began to snow .	With the chaos of the snow , she ended up lost quickly .	She wandered around in the cold for hours .	Finally she got home and took a warm shower .
4	She ended up buying some cool little gadgets .	Marie was at a trade fair .	She saw a cool booth for left-handed products .	She was left-handed and had never seen anything like that .	She checked out the booth .
0	Bill was relaxing at home listening to an audiobook .	His favorite philosopher was talking about meditation .	The philosopher began leading a mindfulness meditation exercise .	Bill laid on his bed and meditated for the first time .	He really enjoyed the relaxing experience .
3	His leg is broken and he now needs to use crutches .	Mark has always loved adventure .	One day he and his friends are riding their bikes down a steep hill .	Riding in front of others , Mark slips and falls .	Mark decides to stop living so adventurously .
4	The girls looked at him and started to laugh .	Billy was staring at the girls for several seconds .	Jim sneaked behind him .	He pulled Billy 's underwear out of his pants .	Billy fell down on the ground .
3	His mother explained that they were low on money .	Jim was eating leftovers .	He hated eating yesterday 's dinner .	He complained to his mother about it .	Jim never complained about leftovers again .
4	She hurt her leg pretty bad when she fell .	Christy was going roller skating .	She was racing a friend and going fast .	Suddenly , she slipped .	She went sliding across the floor .
1	I decided to visit some friends in another state .	I wanted to get out of town this past weekend .	After packing my luggage , I headed for the road .	The interstate was n't busy at all !	It did n't take long for me to arrive and see my friends .
3	When they were through driving , they wound up at a national park .	Amy and her friends wanted to get away .	They decided to drive for a whole day and see where they ended up .	They took a lot of photos along the way .	They decided to go exploring through it .
4	The neighbor showed up in the backyard in time to find Larry there .	Larry and Melvin were playing catch in the yard .	Larry overthrew the ball and it went over the fence .	He then proceeded to try and climb the fence .	While he was climbing , Melvin ran to the door and asked for the ball .
0	Jill was afraid of public speaking more than anything .	But for her class she had to make a presentation in front of everyone .	Her mother suggested she practice in front of a camera .	After watching herself on camera , Jill was able to feel calmer .	In class , she gave her speech and got an A .
2	It was her birthday tomorrow and she felt lonely .	Sandy was homeless .	She had been sleeping on the park bench for the past month .	The next day a girl she had met at the park visited her .	She bought her cake because she remembered it was Sandy 's birthday .
3	Rick was surprised to see his mom instead .	One day Rick was at daycare	He was waiting for daddy to pick him to go home .	When the lady came to get him to leave he expected to see his dad .	Rick began to cry when he realized daddy was n't coming .
1	She began studying self defense .	A young woman wanted to be able to defend herself .	She learned that it 's not violence when it is self defense .	She learned it is called intelligence .	She became an adept martial artist .
0	Helen had a project to do for school .	She had to prepare a speech to present in front of class .	She worked on her presentation in PowerPoint .	She went to class and realized that she left her flashdrive at home .	She winged the presentation and still made a passing grade .
0	Nancy and her daughter Bo were getting ready to leave for Girl Scouts .	Nancy reminded her daughter to grab a scout worksheet she needed .	When they arrived at Girl Scouts , she found out Bo forgot it .	Nancy overheard Bo blaming her for forgetting the sheet .	Ironically , Nancy learned the sheet was on Learning Independence .
1	A bundle of nerves , she was trying to calm down .	She had practiced recited her marriage vows until she was ready .	She sat down and thought calming thoughts .	She got up and went outside to join the wedding rehearsal .	She felt silly to have come this far and yet still be so nervous .
0	Today was more windy than usual .	I had the day off from work and was n't sure what to do .	I went to the store just to look around .	They had kites on sale .	I took advantage of the sale and spent my afternoon flying a kite .
2	She went out and looked at several different stores .	Ginny had been saving up money for several months .	She was hoping to use the money for a new set of couches .	After searching for hours , she finally found a set she liked .	They were delivered the following day .
2	But someone found her online character attractive and gave her gold .	Tina was playing a video game online .	She was sad because she did n't have enough gold to buy a magic staff .	Tina got more than enough money to buy the magic staff .	And she spent the rest of the day buying items with all of her gold .
4	Now she encourages others to reach out and volunteer to get involved .	Liz moved into a new neighborhood and a new school for her kids .	She did not know anyone and felt very lonely at times .	She heard about a few opportunities to volunteer at school .	She began to meet people and make friends .
2	Her friend told her that she had a beautiful voice .	Ivy only liked to sing on her own .	One day , her friend caught her singing .	The compliment gave Ivy confidence to sing in public .	Ivy now wishes to become a professional vocalist when she grows up .
3	Jim became furious and questioned her motives .	Jim proposed to Rose when she came home from work .	She immediately froze and was speechless since this happened .	However , she declined since she wanted to focus more on her career .	He eventually left after they argued for a few minutes .
3	Susan was scared of losing her friend so she told him how she felt .	Brody and Susan were best friends .	Susan had romantic feelings for Brody .	Brody was thinking about moving across the country .	Brody gave Susan a passionate kiss .
3	Cynthia was completing tasks for businesses , making money .	Cynthia needed a new job .	She 'd put in applications everywhere .	When no one called back , she decided to do at-home work .	She was able to survive until she received a job at a grocery store .
0	Jose went to the beach with his family .	He walked down by the water and built a sand castle .	Another boy suddenly ran by and knocked his castle over .	Jose was upset and started crying .	The other boy helped him rebuild the sand castle !
0	James had a flat tire on his truck .	He changed the tire on the side of the road .	A man and his daughter stopped to help him change the tire .	The father introduced his college aged daughter to James .	James was thankful for the flat tire .
0	Adam and Billy went on a walk .	Billy and Adam both liked Abby .	When Abby joined them on the walk , the boys got into a fight .	Someone called the police to break the fight up .	Their parents were so mad when the police brought them home .
1	So he went to his refrigerator and got some .	Ray wanted some milk .	But when he tried it , it tasted different from what he expected .	He realized he got soy milk instead of cow 's milk .	But he did n't mind this accident .
1	We took canoes out and started filling them with water .	Last week my friends and I went to the lake .	We then flipped the boats over .	It was so much fun .	I could n't wait to do it again .
3	He toured for weeks , loving every day there .	Neil was visiting Scandinavia .	He had just arrived in Denmark .	He was awed by the beauty of the nature and cities there !	Denmark was a shockingly beautiful country , thought Neil .
0	Lou was trying to tie a bow tie for the prom .	He simply could not get it right !	His dad noticed he was having trouble .	He showed him the trick to tying a perfect bow tie .	He told You it would get easier with practice .
2	One day , Jenny 's sister got pregnant by accident .	Lily desperately wanted a baby of her own .	She and her husband tried for years but nothing happened .	Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health .	Jenny adopted her niece and at last had a baby .
4	Bud was now a homeowner !	Bud went to a foreclosure auction .	He was hoping to buy his first home .	The auction was fast-paced and he was nervous .	But he managed to place one winning bid .
1	She is having trouble getting anything done .	Beverly has a new baby .	One day , she decided to try putting the baby in a carrier .	The carrier worked .	She was able to get lots done .
2	She immediately started making purchases .	It was Kelly 's birthday and her parents gave her a credit card .	Kelly was thrilled .	Unfortunately she spent too much .	As a result , Kelly was grounded .
2	John watched TV and read books all day .	John fell and broke his leg .	He had to spend two weeks in the hospital .	Finally they discharged him .	He was so happy to walk again !
4	He did not bother to put the fire out and let the rain take do it .	Phil went camping during a big rain storm .	He tried to gather as much dry wood as he could find at night .	The fire started slowly and soon he was able to add more .	Phil cooked his meal over the fire while rain poured on him .
0	Tara had really bad back pain .	She went to her doctor to get it checked out .	Her doctor told her to improve her posture at work .	Tara bought a brand new $ 500 office chair .	She no longer had any back pain with her improved seating position .
0	Bob spilt his tea on his pants during a business meeting .	It looked like he peed his pants .	Bob tried to give his presentation seated but the boss would n't allow .	When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself .	Bob was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it .
3	Eli apologized by the principal was too angry to accept it .	Eli was in a great hurry .	He ran down the hall very carelessly .	He slammed into the principal walking the other direction .	He suspended Eli for a day !
0	Matt had taken six different babysitting jobs in one day .	The first was a rowdy 7 year old who loved to play basketball .	The second was a 10 year old girl with ADD .	Matt found that each subsequent job was increasingly difficult .	By the end of the day , Matt was so tired he slept around 8 PM .
0	It was college exam week .	Ed was very tired .	He had exams every morning !	But he made it to every test on time .	Then he slept for twelve straight hours !
4	Her mom had hidden a spare key under the flowerpot on the porch !	Janet let herself into her house after school every day .	Her mom worked late so she was never home in the afternoons .	One day Janet realized she 'd forgotten her keys , and was locked out !	Janet was cold and scared , but then she remembered a secret .
0	Johnson submitted his work to the teacher .	She looked over it .	Although he got every question correct , she gave him an F .	He was immediately confused and contacted the principal .	When he realized this , he fired the teacher .
0	Belle wanted to be a mom .	But she was in her thirties and had no husband in sight .	She decided she could handle parenthood on her own .	She had IVF treatments to help her conceive her child .	Nine months after treatment , Belle had a healthy baby boy !
0	Lulu and her friends decided to go to the new restaurant downtown .	There were no menus available online for them to check out .	So the girls showed up at the restaurant and ordered .	When the check came they were shocked .	It came out to be a thousand dollars .
3	He went outside and cleared the whole walkway .	Cameron wanted some money for the movies .	He asked his mom but she said he 'd have to work first .	She told him that he needed to shovel snow .	Then she gave him some money .
1	She decided to take pictures to remember it .	Anna was on vacation .	She went to the store .	Then she bought a disposable camera .	She snapped lots of photos during her trip !
4	She had to send it back .	Lily went to a nice restaurant .	She ordered a steak .	To her dismay the steak was rare .	Lily was rather upset .
3	But he figured the sushi would taste the same .	Hank walked into his favorite sushi restaurant .	But he noticed a different chef .	He considered leaving .	Hank was disappointed after leaving the restaurant .
0	Cathy was in a rush to get to school .	She had to do her makeup much faster than usual .	All day , girls gave her some weird looks .	Finally , at the end of the day she looked in the mirror .	She realized that she had left a big streak in her foundation .
0	Doug loved to play mean pranks on everyone at work .	He would jump out from behind at desk and scare Marianne .	As Ernie would sit down , Doug would roll Ernie 's chair back .	Glenda even found a fake spider on her keyboard .	Imagine Doug 's surprise when he got fired .
0	I heard the sound of the cat door open and close .	I saw something out of the corner of my eye scurry past me .	A small rat was running down the hall with the cat behind it .	I screamed loudly which prompted my husband to come running .	After a few minutes he disposed of the now dead rat .
4	After the show , the singer was upset her own dancers upstaged her .	A new music act was performing in the local stadium .	The act featured an amateur singer and professional backup dancers .	When the show started , the crowd was cheering , mostly for the dancers .	The singer did n't receive as much attention .
2	He was fine at first , then the plane started rocking and shaking .	Ted was terrified of flying , but he had to make a business trip .	While boarding the plane , he thought about airplanes crashing .	Greg was terrified and believed he would die .	When the turbulence stopped , Greg realized how lucky he was .
1	He asked his friend to help him study .	Aaron had a difficult test coming up .	They studied for hours .	His friend was very helpful .	Aaron passed the difficult test the next day .
3	We were then called back to the exam room where we saw the doctor .	I took my son to the doctor this morning because his eyes were red .	We sat in the waiting room for about five minutes .	While there , I read my son a book .	She checked his eyes and sent us on our way .
2	They wanted it back with interest .	Mike was short on money .	He borrowed some money from some bad people .	He could not keep up .	They hurt him bad .
2	Tim thought he cheated .	Tim was playing games with Jeb .	Jeb always won .	The yelled at each other .	They then decided to make up and not fight .
1	He tried convincing his son to sweep it , but his son refused .	Tom noticed that his porch had become very dusty .	Finally Tom realized that he needed to sweep the porch himself .	He found a broom and swept the porch meticulously .	Tom was happy to see the porch was n't dusty any longer .
1	Suddenly his car sputtered and died .	Tim was driving through the forest one night .	Tim was terrified !	He had to get out and walk to the nearest town for help .	Tim was exhausted and unhappy by the time he arrived .
2	She went to the store and bought a new coat rack .	Stephanie looked at her family 's coats on the coat rack .	It was overfull and very ugly looking .	She brought it home and set it up .	She organized the coats and was very happy with how it looked .
2	I played with him every day .	I had a black lab once .	He was a good dog .	He had a good long life of 13 years .	Then one day he died peacefully in his sleep .
0	It was time to open Christmas gifts .	All Kim wanted was a Cabbage Patch Kid .	She opened all the gifts but there was no doll .	Her mother told her to go check on her bed .	On her pillow she found a new Cabbage Patch Kid doll .
2	His family saved for two years .	Mark loved parades .	He wanted to go to the Macy parade in New York .	Finally they were able to go .	They had the best time at the Thanksgiving parade .
3	She got all dolled up with her hair and makeup done .	It was Clara 's first month of school and already there was a dance .	Today she was asked by the cute guy Peter from chemistry class .	She could not wait to go with him .	When the door rang and he was outside , she could not wait .
1	A vaguely human shape fluttered past .	Ruth peered through the curtains into the mist outside .	Suddenly , there was a knock on the door !	Terrified , Ruth went and opened it .	The mailman handed her a letter and commented on the weather .
3	Gina tried to comfort the kids the best she could .	There was a fight between two large families at the park .	The kids were crying , and screaming by the time the police arrived .	Now they were afraid their dads and moms were going to jail .	They stopped crying when the police left , and there parents remained .
4	The metal worker was declared to be the winner .	A woodworker and metal worker could n't agree whose work was best .	The woodworker said his wood was warm and hardy .	The metal worker said his work was strong and tough .	To settle this they brought in a craft show judge to see who was best .
4	John ended up in the water , drenched from head to toe !	John went out on his boat for an afternoon of fishing .	He caught a few and decided it was time to head in .	He pulled his boat up to the dock and grabbed the pole to get out .	Somehow John slipped and lost his grip .
0	Meghan hates Organic Chemistry .	She got a C- on her first test .	She studied hard and worked with friends .	On her final test , she managed to get an A- .	Meghan still hates Organic Chemistry , but is proficient in it .
1	She listened to the radio as she drove .	Tina drove her car to work .	Suddenly , she heard a radio report of an auto accident .	The accident was one mile ahead of where she was .	Tina wisely decided to go work on a different road .
0	Susie was addicted to coffee .	She would get headaches if she did n't have her cup in the morning .	Susie decided to slowly ease herself off of drinking coffee .	She went from drinking 5 to 1 cup of coffee a day .	Susie felt healthier after moderating her dosage of caffeine .
1	Zeke set up his camera equipment along the ridge .	They reached the eastern boundary of the wilderness at noon .	His wife helped him choose the perfect angle .	They took many pictures of the wild beauty around them .	Zeke sold the images to doctor offices for a tidy sum of money .
0	Jim wanted a cat .	He asked his mom if Santa could bring him a cat for Christmas .	His mom said maybe , but cats were hard to carry in a sleigh .	Jim tried to brace for disappointment .	But on Christmas morning , he got a tiny white kitten !
3	I called my teacher to explain the situation .	I had a very important test coming up .	The night before , I came down with a bad cold .	There was no way I could go to school to take my test .	My teacher allowed me to retake my test when I felt better .
2	When Lisa walked in the room , she was shocked .	Lisa was having a birthday .	Her friends secretly decided to have a surprise party .	She could n't believe they did that .	Lisa was thankful .
0	A caterpillar was crawling along a wall .	A nearby student was walking from class when he saw the caterpillar .	He observed it fall from the wall onto the ground .	Feeling pity , the student took a leaf and picked up the caterpillar .	He placed the caterpillar on a nearby tree .
2	She decided to go check it out .	Evie was at a fair .	She saw a booth with a large crowd surrounding it .	Then , she saw a man blowing glass figurines .	They were so pretty that she decided to buy one .
3	His friend beat him .	Jim thought he was a great basketball player .	He was always a starter on the team .	He challenged one of his friends to a scrimmage .	Jim is not as good as he thought .
3	I looked Uber up on my phone and gave it a try .	I ran to catch the bus for work .	Unfortunately , I just missed the bus and did n't have a car .	I had heard about a new service called Uber .	Uber worked and I made it to work on time .
2	There was a pile of stuff in the box .	Carla was expecting a letter .	She checked the mail .	It was all junk mail until the bottom of the stack .	The letter was at the bottom .
4	When they cooled , she put them in her fish tank .	Nita needed gravel for her new fish tank .	She went to the beach .	She scooped up some small stones and gravel .	Then she took them home and boiled them .
1	Nothing he took made him feel better .	Jake was feeling sick .	Eventually he was taken to the hospital .	Jake was diagnosed with the flu .	It was rough but he eventually recovered .
2	She tried investing in a few .	Toni loves to read about getting rich schemes .	She browses the internet for the latest ideas .	Through her efforts he made a total of 700 dollars .	Toni continues to invest in hopes to get rich quickly .
2	Last week my bratty sister found it .	I like to keep a journal of my writings .	It helps me vent and relieves stress .	She started reading it and calling it my diary .	It annoyed me so much I wrote about it in my other journal .
2	He hopped in the car and traveled to Las Vegas .	Ted was a fourth grader when his dad got laid off .	He packed all of his favorite toys in a box and slept on the floor .	He fell asleep while his dad drove across the USA .	He gasped when he arrived at his new home .
3	Kay decided that she did need the list so she went back to get it .	Kay went to the store to buy groceries for a special dinner .	When she arrived , she realized she had forgotten the shopping list .	She debated whether she should go back to get the list or not .	With the list she got everything she needed and dinner was perfect .
0	On Hannah 's 17th birthday she had dinner reservations with her family .	She invited her boyfriend Brian to attend but he refused .	He insisted his basketball game was more important than her dinner .	Hannah angrily decided to invite another male friend of hers instead .	She and her male friend had such a good time that she dumped Brian .
2	Nell 's mom seemed proud as she urged her daughter to go .	Nell was happy playing with her quirky friends .	One day , she got an invitation from a popular girl at school .	Nell felt excited as she walked to the girl 's house .	Nell quickly became bored when the girl only wanted to watch TV .
3	I ate too much .	Yesterday I went out and got some sour candy .	I knocked myself out with candy .	When I got some I realized my tongue was hurting .	I had to slow it down .
0	Seth was a great painter who wanted to learn to play guitar .	He could n't afford guitar lessons , but the teacher offered a trade .	If Seth would teach him to paint , he would teach Seth to play guitar !	Seth agreed happily .	Now he 's a great guitarist and his teacher is a great painter !
1	Ava poured some juice into ice cube trays .	It was a swelteringly hot day .	When they froze , she popped them out .	She passed around her freezie pops to her friends .	They all loved the cool treat !
4	He found some water he stashed for an emergency to give them .	Tim had a pizza party .	There were fifty people .	But Tim forgot to bring drinks .	Tim had an idea .
4	Later that month May went to see and meet the band members !	May was a big fan of the singing group Pentatonix .	Her parents secretly bought May a backstage pass to meet the band .	On her birthday , they presented May with the backstage pass .	May began to cry tears of joy .
2	When she saw him on the first day of seventh grade she was elated .	Hannah had her first boyfriend in sixth grade .	She did n't see him for the entire summer after the school year ended .	However , he ignored her completely .	Hannah was devastated by his unexplained coldness .
0	Fred came home after a long day of school .	He changed his clothes and ate something .	Afterwards , he was playing online games for several hours .	He realized that he was supposed to study for an exam tomorrow .	He tried to but ended up falling asleep .
2	She did all the typical tourist things .	Heather had always wanted to see Paris .	She finally saved enough money to have a vacation there .	Heather took hundreds of pictures to document her trip .	She had the time of her life and had never been happier .
3	I think that she will do just fine there , as she meets my family .	I will be moving to Atlanta soon .	I will be living with my parents to save money .	I 'm taking my cat with me .	I 'm very excited to go !
0	I was constipated .	My doctor recommended I take magnesium citrate .	I agreed with him .	Alas , I took triple the recommended amount .	I developed diarrhea .
4	His mom spent nearly an hour pulling them out .	Louis leaned over to look out the window .	He totally forgot there was a cactus plant .	It brushed up against his face .	Some of the needles went into his skin .
2	When winter came , cedar pollen was released all over Texas .	Louis had just moved to Texas .	Unfortunately , he did n't realize he was allergic to cedar .	Therefore , Louis suffered from cedar allergies for three long months .	Louis decided to move to a different state .
2	I looked everywhere almost to find it .	As soon as I got home , I wanted to play my new video game .	When I got inside my room , I noticed my video game was gone .	I 've went outside to think where it could be .	Then , I noticed my dog is chewing my video game outside .
2	Anna 's dog seemed very attracted to the ball .	Anna was walking her dog on a sunny day .	They passed by another dog who was playing fetch with it 's owner .	Anna decided to go to the pet store and buy a yellow ball for her dog .	Anna played fetch with her dog and it became their favorite game .
0	Beth had just moved to a new town .	She did not know anybody .	She wondered if she would make any friends .	Then her neighbors came over to introduce themselves .	Beth realized she already had several built-in friends !
4	He felt better but still wanted to get high .	Raul looked in his stash box for his weed but it was empty .	He then went through all his pockets for any drugs .	The only thing he found was some aspirin in his jeans .	Raul had a headache so he took the aspirin .
1	In the air show he did very dangerous stunts and never flinched .	Devon was a pilot that seemed to have a death wish .	He drove straight to the ground and pulled up at the last instant .	The crowd roared and burst with excitement .	In the cockpit , Deven did not feel anything .
2	One day it started to get stale .	I started seeing someone a while ago .	We had a lot of fun , and did everything together .	She blamed me and I blamed myself .	We are n't together anymore .
2	When his teacher was n't looking , Trey tripped the student .	Trey wanted to get the best time for running a mile in his class .	During the run , he saw another student pulling ahead of him however .	After the run , everyone was impressed by Trey 's time .	And his teacher gave him an award in front of the whole class .
2	She had a box with Ben 's belongings in it .	Ken was late for work today .	Ken 's boss was waiting for him at the office door .	He never liked working there anyway .	He drove directly to the job fair .
2	She was afraid to borrow from her parents .	Enid really needed some cash .	She was behind on all her bills .	She got a 2nd job waiting tables .	All the cash from tips helped her get ahead !
1	She wanted to be like Paris Hilton .	Paris was a poor woman .	Paris stole a fancy dress and went to a party .	She got boys to buy her drinks .	For a brief moment , she felt like Paris Hilton .
2	While at a friend 's one day , Helen decided to watch one before bed .	Helen 's mother never let her watch scary movies .	Helen always wanted to know why her mother had forbid them .	She got ten minutes into the film , before she had to shut it off .	She was so scared they had to call her parents to come pick her up !
3	On Thanksgiving day , his friends and family are impressed .	Maurice is preparing to celebrate Thanksgiving Dinner at his home .	Normally his girlfriend 's family hosts Thanksgiving .	He feels overwhelmed , but with a friend 's help , prepares all the food .	Maurice is proud that he hosted Thanksgiving Dinner .
0	Sammie had a favorite pair of socks .	They were the only socks he would wear every day .	After a few months the socks started to become worn .	Sammie realized he had to throw away his old socks and buy new ones .	Sammie said goodbye to his old friends and bought a new pair of socks .
1	We walked through the woods until we got to the creek .	My brother and I decided to go fishing .	After fishing for about an hour , it was time to go home .	We took the same path home through the woods .	Suddenly , I fell in a hole and hurt my ankle .
2	But when Todd received his slice , he was disappointed .	It was Friday .	So everyone was excited that the cafeteria was serving pizza .	He did not understand why everyone was so excited .	Todd brought his own food to school from then on .
0	Bryan was bored one day and wanted to go out .	He called his friend and they all decided to go to the observatory .	They went there and looked at all the displays .	At night , they were able to see the stars using the telescope .	Bryan had fun that day and felt happy when he got home .
1	He went to his doctor .	Joseph felt sick .	The doctor examined Joseph .	The doctor prescribed medicine for Joseph .	Joseph went home and took his medicine .
3	Tina freaked .	Tina walked into English class .	The teacher said to put everything away .	She wanted to give a pop quiz .	She was not ready .
4	Alex keeps channeling her good luck into helping others .	Alex invested all her money into ruby stocks .	When they rose in value , she became rich .	She picked a Tuesday to start her charity .	Rubies allowed her to help impoverished people of the world .
1	When I tried to leave , a man told me to pay for it .	I stole a chocolate bar from the store .	I said I did n't have any money but I was hungry .	The man bought me the chocolate bar .	I ate the chocolate and thanked him for his kindness .
0	James needed to decide on a career .	He joined the army .	They trained him to be a medic .	He became a nurse once he got out .	James has been a nurse for 30 years now .
3	That night my grandmother had a heart attack .	Early on a February morning my grandfather bought a valentine card .	It was the 55th valentine he 'd bought for my grandmother .	He tucked it away in his drawer to give to her later .	This last valentine card still sits in his drawer ten Years later .
3	She accidentally knocked the bottom of her tower with her knee !	Daisy loved to stack dominoes .	One day she decided to make a domino tower .	However , she made a mistake while stacking them .	All of her hard work and patience lay in ruin on the floor .
4	Gina knew she was in a lot of trouble .	Gina wanted to keep a dog she found at the park .	But her mother was afraid of dogs .	Her mother saw the dog in the kitchen and screamed .	The dog became startled and started jumping and barking loudly .
3	Anxiously she watched him read it .	Cay had a crush on a boy in her class .	She made him a Valentine .	Then she slipped it onto his desk .	He smiled at her after and said he liked her too !
4	Joseph 's friend ended up dating the girl !	Joseph had a crush on a girl .	He was afraid of approaching her .	He thought about what he should do .	He got his friend to talk to her .
3	He decided to buy a used one at a pawn shop .	Luke 's grass in his yard was growing fast .	He really needed to cut it but he did n't have a mower .	Luke priced new mowers but they were too expensive .	Now Luke 's yard is always well maintenanced .
4	Unfortunately , the appointment had to be postponed .	Margaret had an ultrasound scheduled for her pregnancy .	She arrived at the office on time .	Then she tried to check in .	There was a problem with her insurance .
4	Saturday morning my pool finally looks crystal clear and clean .	I found a swimming pool full of green water this morning .	I took a water sample to my local pool supply store .	The sales lady ran tests and sold me quite a lot of chemicals .	I put the chemicals in my pool over the next two days .
3	The thunderstorm did n't fade away until tonight .	Heavy winds and rain started to appear outside .	Eventually , a thunderstorm occurred .	I was extremely nervous and decided to hide under my bed .	When I woke up , I found out that the skies were clear .
1	Lady has learned to handle those fake relatives , however .	Lady Wickshire sips her tea , awaiting a visit from another fake niece .	Lady 's butler ushers the girl into the lady 's parlor .	The niece bubbles with excitement at meeting her aunt .	The niece does not expect the sheriff to be waiting for her .
2	Becky called her friends to come help .	Becky 's closet was very messy .	She needed to have a major cleanout .	It took three hours to get everything done .	Finally she felt better .
1	A mall vendor stopped Bill as he went to the clothes store .	Bill went to the mall to buy clothes .	He tried to sell Bill a candle but Bill resisted him .	Bill left and bought his clothes .	He felt bad about the vendor so he returned and bought a candle .
3	We play a few games over the hour .	We went to play pool after our exams .	There was a local bar that had a bunch of tables .	We rented a table and got some beer .	It was a lot of fun , we need to do it more .
1	They were given snacks and drinks .	Lauren took her kids to the special kids function at the museum .	They learned about snakes .	Each one left with a souvenir .	The kids loved the museum .
1	Her family encouraged her to be a singer .	Kay was a great poet and had an ear for music .	But Kay was abashed , and she said she was much too shy !	After long thought , she found the perfect compromise .	She became a songwriter and her words helped others !
0	Sahara was digging through the car .	Suddenly , she noticed a board game in a bag .	She and her brother were excited and started playing it .	Suddenly , her mom came out .	She was so mad at them for opening the game that she took it back .
3	Someone in her class had taken pencils from her .	Gina 's class was in the library .	She returned to her classroom early .	The teacher was n't in the room .	Gina decided to look for her stolen pencils .
1	He told his friends about what he saw .	Jeb saw this video online that was very graphic and shocking .	His friends did not believe him .	Jeb showed them the video .	They were shocked to see that it was true .
2	This game was a little different than the others .	Rex and his brother Drake bought a new video game to play .	Usually they would beat a whole game within the day of getting it .	It had been weeks and the boys still could n't make it to level 2 .	So instead they took the game outside and played frisbee disc with it .
2	The boy threatened his teacher with his rubber band .	A boy in class found a rubber band on the floor .	He stretched it across his fingers like a gun .	The teacher held her ground and did not flinch .	The boy shot the teacher and the teacher caught it .
0	Amy decided to start running to get her figure back .	Amy bought new running shoes and running clothes .	She was excited the first day when she started running .	After the first block Amy was winded and struggling to run .	She ended up walking back home .
2	One day they told him that they needed to lay him off .	Lenny worked at a museum .	He loved his job and was happy to be there .	This devastated Lenny but he was determined to find another job .	Lenny found another job in a better museum and is even happier .
4	As soon as he did she grabbed the phone and began to dial .	Gina wanted to call her friend Tami .	But her brother was on the phone .	He only stared at her when she tried to find out when he would finish .	She sat patiently and waited for him to finish .
2	Lexi 's mom found her stealing from her brother 's plate .	Lexi and her family were eating burgers for lunch .	But Lexi finished her burger quickly and wanted another .	And she was n't allowed to eat anymore burgers that night .	The next time they had burgers , Lexi was too embarrassed to eat any .
2	He rented out a Ferrari for a couple of hours .	Dante always wanted to drive a Ferrari .	He went down to his local car rental place .	He took the car to an empty race track .	He drove it there at full speed until the end of the day .
1	One day she took a nap while a candle was lit .	Erin loved to sleep with candles .	The cat knocked it over .	She woke to a house full of smoke .	Both Erin and the cat got out safely .
2	Johnny 's bull twisted and turned and bucked him off .	Billy dared his friend Johnny to enter a rodeo .	Johnny entered the bull riding event in the Rodeo .	Johnny landed on his head in the arena dirt .	Johnny decided that he would not enter any more rodeos .
3	Suddenly , the boy felt a spark of excitement and elation .	Sunny brought his son to a Yankees game .	The boy wanted to watch his favorite player Mark Teixeira .	Inning after inning , the Yankees were down more and more .	Teixeira was leading the Yankees to victory !
2	Sara 's mother came home from the hospital with the baby .	Sara was excited that she was going to have a baby sister .	Sara 's mother said that they would all have fun .	She finally saw her baby sister in her mother 's arms .	Sara was disappointed that the baby looked odd and smelled bad .
4	When his turn was up he got right back in line .	Rob tried to be patient as he waiting in line .	A Lot of other children that wanted to go into the bouncy house , too	When he finally got in he jumped as high as he could .	He even touched the ceiling !
1	Bob did n't want his sons to take up his dangerous line of work .	Bob was a logger just like his dad .	When his sons begged to join him on the job , Bob relented .	He gave them the toughest jobs and yelled at them the whole while .	Bob was glad when his sons suddenly talked of going to college .
1	They both laughed when Dan slipped on butter .	Dan and Rob were eating corn on the cob alone .	They decided to try and skate with the butter .	They put butter on the floor and slid around laughing .	Their mother was furious when she saw the mess .
4	Erin and her team cheered .	Erin 's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game .	As a result , the teams were forced to play again .	This time Erin 's team won .	They each got gold trophies .
0	Kenny did n't want to go hunting .	His dad thought it was a good learning lesson .	They went duck hunting for a day .	Kenny accidentally dropped his gun and shot his dad .	He was n't seriously injured but they never went hunting again .
2	She wondered if the flu shot was really necessary .	It was time for Mary to get a flu shot .	She was very scared of needles .	She decided against getting the shot .	Mary got flu the following week .
0	Anita wanted to make her son 's father upset .	She asked him to come and pick up their baby .	When he arrived , she said she 'd take the baby on her date .	The father was upset and asked for his son .	Anita left with her date and her son , his father chasing behind them .
0	Randy was a famous basketball player .	Suddenly , people exposed him for having an affair .	This caused a lot of problems .	He got kicked off the team .	He now has to find a new job .
3	His hard work at school paid off .	Bob came from a very poor family .	He wanted to go to college but could not afford it .	He applied to many scholarships online .	Bob was happy he got a full ride scholarship .
0	Sandy had a very tough math test to study for .	Sandy decided it would be best to go to the library to study .	At the library Sandy saw her former math tutor .	Sandy decided to ask her former tutor for help .	The help Sandy received from the tutor helped her to pass the test .
1	She is very nervous on her first night .	Peri gets a job as a waitress at a sports bar .	She decides to have a couple of drinks before her shift .	When she carries her first tray out she trips and falls .	She spills the food all over the people at the table .
0	Karl got a call from the library .	They claimed he had a book out .	He remembered returning it .	After looking around he found it behind a sofa .	He apologized and returned it .
2	He went snorkeling , zip lining , dancing , and karaoke .	Tom went on a cruise through the Caribbean	He did all sorts of fun stuff on the cruise	He had so much fun he did n't wan na go home	At the end of the two weeks he was sad it was over
0	Driving to the grocery store in a storm , Ana heard air raid sirens .	Through her windshield , she could see an approaching tornado .	Frightened , And quickly pulled up to the store and rushed inside .	Managers were leading customers into the basement for safety .	Waiting out the storm , Ana was grateful to have found shelter .
1	We live in Boston .	My daughter 's college roommate Ellen lives in California .	This summer Ellen and her parents visited us in Boston .	Ellen 's dad , Mike , is a rags to riches millionaire .	Mike bragged so much about his money he spoiled the visit .
2	I stood frozen for a little while .	I was was walking down the street to be greeted by a dog .	The dog was looking at me viciously .	Then , the dog started chasing me .	I ran as fast as I could and finally the dog stopped chasing me .
3	Henry wears his new suit to work the next day .	Henry has spent months at the gym trying to lose weight .	Now that he has lost weight , he wants to show off in a new suit .	He goes shopping for a slim fitting suit that will show off his body .	Unfortunately , none of his coworkers notice his weight loss or suit .
3	They ran all over the park to find the eggs	Many children showed up for the egg hunt .	The leader gave them instructions .	The kids took off running .	The children had a lot of fun looking for eggs .
4	Bridget started sleeping better so she was n't tired .	Bridget as always sleepy .	Bridget tried going to bed early .	No matter how early she went to bed , Bridget was still sleepy .	Bridget started taking melatonin at bedtime .
0	A bartender was walking home home after a long day .	She was very close to her apartment .	Suddenly a man comes up and assaults her .	She was too weak to fight back .	She ended up dying .
4	Sam was able to fall asleep .	Sam was trying to sleep .	His upstairs neighbors were being loud .	He sent them a text asking if they could stop .	They apologized and obliged .
2	Jess 's best friend died suddenly .	Jess was looking for a new song to learn .	She searched and searched for inspiration .	Jess was very sad and composed a song about it .	She played it at her best friend 's funeral .
3	The photographer became angry and told her that it was n't allowed .	Diana 's daughter was in a ballet class .	The teacher had hired a professional to take some photos .	During the daughter 's photo shoot , Diana tried to take a photo .	Diana apologized and put her phone away .
2	If his prayers did n't succeed , the player did n't have enough faith .	Timothy was a telephone guru who knew the power of positive advice .	He took payments to make good things happen .	If they did succeed , it was his intervention .	Timothy 's become very rich from putting his brand into the world .
0	I own a townhouse but I moved into my fiancee 's house .	We are going to live there together from now on .	Instead of selling my townhouse I rented it out to a nice family .	They pay me monthly a few hundred dollars more than my mortgage was .	It 's a nice little source of extra income for my fiancee and myself .
2	He hid in the bushes to wait for her reaction .	Mischievous Max had a plan for the frog he had captured .	He thought it would be funny to stick it into his neighbor 's mailbox .	When she opened her mailbox , the frog jumped out !	Her shrill scream made Max regret what he had done .
2	She asked her mom to give her a huge piece of cardboard .	First Malia took down her art supplies .	She visualized the beautiful butterfly she was to draw .	She had changed her design into a mural and worked on it happily .	When she was done , her mom hung the mural on the living room wall .
4	She still liked me , though .	I was really nervous the first night I went out with my girlfriend .	I was afraid that I would say or do something dumb .	I was right .	I made a lot of mistakes .
3	Ultimately , they both ended up landing on the food .	Everyone got together to say their prayers .	However , my aunt gave a slick comment about my other aunt .	They immediately began to bicker at each other .	We had to throw most of the items away .
4	She 's now a mother of 3 at 20 years old .	Jessica spent too much of her childhood in church .	Her parents gave her everything she ever wanted .	She was spoiled and a brat .	She ended up getting on Christian Mingle and marrying a man .
1	She went and bought him a training toilet and pull ups .	Donna realized it was finally time to potty train her son .	She worked with him by showing him how to use the potty .	He really struggled and did n't seem to understand .	One day Donna saw her son use his potty on his own .
4	His girlfriend called the police and Charles was arresting .	Charles laughed at his friends for going to jail .	He thought he 'd be a scientist , not a prison inmate .	But , when he saw his x-girlfriend with another guy , he lost his cool .	Charles chased them in his car .
4	Kris upset the friend whose house he covered in toilet paper .	Kris decided to play a prank on his friend .	Kris decided to buy as much toilet paper as he could .	Him and a friend covered his other friends house in toilet paper .	Kris thought it was funny .
1	He took his seat while everyone watched .	The judge walked into the courtroom in silence .	On his chair was an envelope .	He opened it and saw a lot of money .	The judge hid the envelope from sight and pretended not to see it .
3	When he found there was n't anything on , he decided on an online game .	Francisco was n't feeling very well , even though he had work .	He called in sick .	He could n't sleep , so he tried watching television .	He was playing when his boss logged on from work .
3	When Jeff got home he did not bother to open the box .	The mailman dropped off a box at Billy 's home .	The box was addressed to his roommate , Jeff .	Billy tried to imagine what was inside the box .	Billy wondered why Jeff was n't as excited about packages as he was .
3	It ended up in the grass , away from the other cars .	Gina was driving on the highway .	When she was trying to change lanes , her front tire popped .	Her car started to swirl .	She was able to get out and call the towing service .
1	She could not afford to buy one .	Sky needed a cape for her costume .	Then she had an idea .	She took an old sheet and tied it around her neck .	Sky got her cape for free !
0	Ana and her mom went to the toy store .	Ana was allowed to pick out one new stuffed animal .	Ana looked at and hugged dozens of stuffed animals .	She could n't choose just one !	Finally , she picked out a pink teddy bear .
1	But it was late January , and a big storm came !	Ella was visiting her grandma in Buffalo .	Ella 's flight home was canceled .	She and her grandma were snowed in in their house !	Ella did n't make it home until almost a week later .
3	They were looking for their dad .	Dean was estranged from his family .	One day his brother showed up .	They went on a trip together .	After a long time they finally found him .
0	Bray 's granddad had had a stroke .	Bray went to see him in the hospital .	He feared his granddad would be enfeebled and ill .	But then he saw that his granddad was still his old self , just weaker .	Bray was relieved that his granddad was okay .
4	Oswald had to buy new books , more food , and a new backpack .	Oswald decided to take his backpack to school .	He put his books and his lunch in his backpack .	As he walked to school , his backpack ripped .	His books and his lunch spilled out on the ground .
0	Ivy and her children were camping in the woods .	Ivy cooked dinner while the children picked and ate berries .	When she saw them , she panicked , thinking they were poisoned !	Hurriedly she pulled out her phone to research the small berries .	Then she sagged with relief - the berries were harmless mulberries !
2	So he quickly marries his best friend .	Bob finds out that he will lose his inheritance if he is not married .	He only has 24 hours .	When he gets the money they get divorced .	Bob is so grateful he gives his friend a reward
2	He forgot he has slipped a champagne flute into his back pocket .	Don was mingling at a black tie party with office people .	He was schmoozing the crowd while he decided to take a seat .	When he sat down the glass shattered , splintering into his buttocks .	Don was carried out of the high class party on a stretcher .
2	She tried some methods online , but none worked .	Sara 's phone broke .	She discovered that the battery had broken .	Finally , she tried ordering a new battery online .	The new battery did n't work , so she had to get rid of the phone .
0	Joe was having a good day at school .	He got good grades on all of his quizzes .	But he still had one more class left .	He was devastated when he failed the quiz .	And his last class was all he could think about .
4	Bill was very happy with how his ham turned out !	Bill was excited for Easter Sunday .	He decided he wanted to bake a ham for his family .	Bill headed off to the grocery store .	He bought the biggest ham he could find .
0	Amy was being transferred to a store near her home .	The new store decided not to hire Amy .	Amy was upset to be without a job .	She called her old store and asked to be re-hired .	Amy was sad to hear she had already been replaced .
4	She felt inspired to create many cross-platform applications .	Emily felt nostalgic for her days programming with Delphi .	She still felt a special fondness in her heart for Pascal .	She was surprised to find a modern IDE for it .	Emily downloaded and installed Lazarus on to her computers .
4	It made the barber happy that he still came in .	Mike went to the same barber his whole life .	But as he started to get older , he realized the cut was n't as good .	But he felt like he should keep seeing his longtime barber .	So he tried to make the best of it and still see him .
3	His car got stuck half way .	Ken modified his car .	He made it lower to the ground .	One day he had to get out of a steep driveway .	Ken was embarrassed and decided to raise the riding height .
3	I climbed to the top of the cliff and I was terrified .	I visited my friends lake house in New York .	By his house , a lot of people go cliff jumping .	My friend and I decided to join in on the fun .	Finally , I jumped off the cliff and it was so much fun !
3	He call his friend to help him .	Nate just bought a new dresser from the store .	He had to assemble the dresser himself .	He was having some problems and the drawers did not line up .	Together they were able to put the dresser together properly .
0	Donald was yelling very loudly .	The babysitter was upset by all the noise .	The babysitter told Donald he could have a donut if he calmed down .	Donald decided to stop yelling .	He was rewarded for his good behavior .
0	Sammy was working on a craft in class .	He was folding a piece of construction paper .	Suddenly he felt a sharp pain .	He looked and saw that he had a paper cut .	He went to his teacher and got a bandage .
4	No one claimed him , so he is now my dog .	I was driving home from my doctors appointment when I seen a dog .	I pulled over and opened the car door .	The dog jumped right in .	I brought him home and posted his picture online .
0	Jeff and some friends went on a mountain weekend getaway .	Jeff drove them all up the mountain in his pickup .	While packing up to return home , Jeff saw he had a flat tire .	It was Sunday so there was no way of getting that fixed .	Jeff carefully got everyone down the mountain , safe and sound .
3	He sadly opened his first , wiggling gift box .	Lou really wanted a pet for Christmas .	He begged and begged his parents to get him one .	On Christmas day , he was disappointed to see no pet in sight .	A puppy popped out and started licking his face !
2	Corey 's team made it to the championship .	Corey loved to play basketball .	He played basketball every day when he was younger .	His team was losing by one point with 2 seconds left .	Corey took the ball and scored to win the game !
3	During the walk , he got to enjoy the beauty of nature .	Marcus needed to go to the store , but did not have a car .	He thought about taking the bus or walking .	Because he decided to play basketball later , he decided to walk .	He decided to take walks every morning because of his experience .
0	Bob had never tried coffee .	His friend insisted he go to the cafe and try some .	Bob agreed and went to the cafe .	He looked at the coffee menu but was unsure of what to order .	He decided to get a black coffee with one sugar .
4	They took pictures of the castle for their scrapbook when it was done .	Debra 's twins had talked about building a sand castle for a week .	She decided to surprise them with a trip to the beach on her day off .	She purchased plastic pails of different sizes to act as molds .	Debra taught them to fill a pail with sand to flip them carefully .
1	A client asked if he could do a rush job by the end of the day .	The manager of a printing company answered the phone .	The scale of the job was very big so the manager said no .	The client said if it was a money issue then he would pay any price .	The manager thought for a second and then agreed to do the job .
3	I took my brothers hand and walked to the car .	The annual family vacation was approaching .	Dad made sure that the car was full of gas .	Mom made sure that we were all packed up and ready .	I got in after him and we then waited for the adventure to come .
4	Kelly was happy with the results .	Kelly needed a new straightener .	The current one she had had broke .	Thankfully she picked up a cheap one .	It worked wonders .
1	Her dentist recommended one for her .	Mary needed an emergency dentist .	It was no where near her home .	Mary drove the 30 minutes there in pain the whole time .	She arrived to find the door locked .
4	At the end of the day , I was n't sick .	Everyone was coughing on campus .	In addition , they never bothered to cover their mouth while sneezing .	Since I did n't want to get sick , I tried to avoid contact .	I wore a face mask to school and carried hand sanitizer .
2	She decided to make a poster with inspirational sayings on it .	Colleen wanted to get in shape .	However she was having a hard time feeling motivated .	She hung it up in her room and looked at it every day .	It helped her stay motivated when she was feeling defeated .
2	The other day my friend beat me at Mario Kart .	They say certain video games incite violence .	I tend to agree .	I got so angry that we got into a physical fight over it .	That game is now banned at my house .
3	Mason decided to play outside instead of waiting .	Mason loves to watch tv .	One day , his power went out during his favorite show .	He waited for the electricity to come back on but he missed his show .	Now , Mason likes to play outside more than watching tv !
3	He a bunch of random numbers and hung up many times .	Tim had just learned how to used the telephone at home .	His mother had told him not to play around with the phone .	While his mother had gone into the backyard , Tim picked up the phone .	Tim already went back to playing with his toys as his mother returned .
1	We went the next week as well and it was a blast .	We camped down by the river and had a great time .	The third week we invited some other friends and it was fun .	That night one of our friends had a heart attack and died .	We never camped down by the river again .
3	I could n't believe that I made her sick .	I cooked some meat for my girlfriend .	Alas , it was undercooked .	She got sick and had to go to the hospital .	I became a vegetarian so that I would never again risk someone 's life .
4	The puppy died because I did not get the shots for it .	My father bought me a puppy for my birthday .	My responsibility was to get the puppy it 's shots .	But I forgot to get the puppy one shot .	The puppy got sick .
3	When they were done , they put them in the oven .	Lucy and her friends loved getting her friends together for a party .	Tonight they decided to have a pizza party .	The girls got the ingredients together to make the pies .	After a half hour , the pizzas were golden brown .
4	Helga finally decided to let go of the car .	Helga had bought a brand new car many years ago .	At the time , it was a very nice car .	However , decades later it has started to fall apart .	There are hole in the floorboard and rust everywhere .
0	I was expecting a package all day .	I waited for hours , but the package never arrived .	I called the post office and they said they had my package .	I drove over to the post office as fast as I could .	When I arrived , they gave me my package and then I left .
4	But her friends told her that the pain was nothing .	Cindy was afraid of roller coasters .	But her friends encouraged her to go on one .	And she reluctantly rode it .	Afterwards , Cindy felt in her legs and neck .
2	Mike dropped his resume off at a few businesses and then waited .	Mike could not find a job anywhere .	He began to look around for job openings and other positions for him .	A few days later , Mike did not get any calls and began to worry .	After months , Mike decided that he could not find a job in his city .
0	I eagerly walked towards Vanessa .	She confirmed our date for tonight .	Unfortunately , she called me around night time to cancel the plans .	When I was walking outside , I saw her .	She was with another friend .
4	The rainy day is not fun .	The clouds are covering the sky today .	It makes me a bit gloomy and sad .	The rainy started to trickle on the windows .	I will stay in my pajamas and cuddle under the covers .
4	She became a successful producer and director .	Joanie was casted for a reality show .	While she was doing the show , they bossed her around a lot .	The show was scripted and not reality at all , to her chagrin .	Joanie decided to go behind the camera instead of in front .
1	John decided to play a sport .	John wanted something to do .	Looking around , John spotted his golf clubs .	John called up his friends to play .	John had an exciting day playing golf .
0	Hal is a lawyer in New York .	Hal has many wealthy clients .	One day , Hal won a case against a large company .	Hal and his client won millions of dollars .	Hal was rewarded with a promotion .
0	Pickle ball is my friends favorite game .	He talks about it all the time .	Today he really made me mad because he would n't stop talking about it .	We were supposed to be working on our science fair project .	I guess I 'll have to do it by myself .
0	School was as normal as it can get .	After my class started , the teacher gave us a bell-ringer assignment .	When we went into a cafeteria for lunch , they served pizza .	In addition , we went to recess .	I can still see Sam staying near the slide .
0	It was dusk and shadows fell across the sidewalk as I walked home .	The street was oddly deserted and I felt uneasy as twilight set in .	Suddenly someone grabbed me from behind and I screamed !	My friend Keith laughed so hard he was almost crying .	I gave him a good whack to let him know I did n't care for his joke .
4	And then base jumped to the bottom .	There once was a couple .	They wanted to spice up their relationship .	So they went to a mountain to hike .	They hiked all the way to the top .
4	Pablo was finally able to get a toy bear .	Pablo wanted a toy bear .	He would dream every single day about one .	One day his parents took him to a store .	He found multiple toy bears there .
2	She awaited the day of the performance eagerly .	Mia 's birthday present from her parents was tickets to a musical .	They had even managed to pick her favorite show .	When it came , it was even better than she expected .	It was the best present she could ever have asked for .
3	They served all their guests delicious food in a timely manner .	The chef knew tonight would be a busy night .	One hundred diners were visiting the restaurant .	The chef worked his helpers very hard .	They all felt good for a job well done .
4	What luck !	I went to buy a soda from the soda machine .	However , I did n't have enough money .	As I walked away , I found another quarter on the floor .	I picked it up and used it to buy my soda .
1	It meant a lot to her .	Belle inherited a watch from her late grandmother .	One day , she went swimming .	She left the watch by the pool side so it would n't get wet .	Someone stole her watch while she was swimming .
2	At first it was really hard to change his eating habits .	Alec kept waking up with pain in his stomach .	He realized that he needed to change his diet .	He came up with a reward system .	With that in place , he did alright .
4	Kay struggled through they day and went home and straight to sleep .	Kay was at work when a headache started .	She did n't take any painkillers normally and decided not to this time .	As she sat at her desk the pain grew more and more intense .	Soon the pain was accompanied by nausea .
1	But she should n't have taught her niece how to raise a flunk .	Mildred taught her niece a lot of things .	Like Mildred showed , Anita gave nice things to everyone but her son .	She disciplined her son more than other kids around him .	By 41 , Anita 's son was homeless and hungry .
0	Hannah sent her kids to go to the shoreline .	They were in the ocean , swimming for several hours .	Hannah remembered how long they were gone and went for them .	When she took a look at them , they were full of sunburns .	As a result , they had to get out of the water and put on sunscreen .
0	Jenny 's baby loved to splash in the bath .	Jenny tried putting less water in his tub , but he still splashed .	Jenny was getting sick of being drenched each time she bathed him .	Becoming frustrated , Jenny realized she should buy an artist 's smock .	Because the plastic smock kept her dry , bath time was fun again !
3	He watched the two minute video and laughed a lot .	Matt enjoys watching videos online .	Matt opened up YouTube to watch cat videos .	Matt watched the advertisement before the video .	Matt shut down his computer and went outside .
4	Grandpa gave Lucy $ 35 for her effort .	Lucy found a large jar of coins in her grandpa 's den .	She asked her grandpa if she could have the money inside .	He agreed to split it with her if she counted the coins .	Lucy spent the whole afternoon counting and organizing the coins .
4	The class laughed as Ali did a happy dance in the middle of the room .	Everyone in Ali 's class was talking about the bully Val .	She had finally gotten in trouble .	Everyone was happy she would n't be bothering them .	Ali was especially happy having endured the abuse for months .
1	When he got there and it was unlocked .	Joe went for a trip to his cabin .	He walked away , frightened of what might be in there .	He ran to his car as he heard loud laughter coming from the cabin .	Joe never went back there again .
3	He entered into a race with 500 entrants .	There was an African runner about to compete .	His name was Abdul and he trained hard .	Day and night for years .	The race took place and Abdul did n't win .
1	He asked his friend for advice .	Bill was having trouble sleeping at night .	His friend recommended to lay in bed the same hours every night .	Bill tried his friends recommendation .	Bill soon found himself experiencing sound sleep .
2	The whole company turned out to celebrate his Year 's of service .	Rudy had worked in his office for forty-two Year 's .	He was happy when his boss said there was a meeting for him that day .	Then they handed him a certificate saying `` Lifetime Service Award '' .	Rudy was so honored and proud , he nearly cried !
2	She had two little boys that were hoping for some presents , though .	It was getting close to Christmas .	Rachel did n't have a lot of money .	She did n't think she would be able to get any presents this year .	Luckily on Christmas morning , neighbors brought gifts for the boys .
1	As he was driving around a curve , a deer jumped out in front of him .	One morning , Joe was driving to work .	He tried to avoid it , but he hit the deer .	His car was wrecked .	Unfortunately , Joe had to buy a new car .
3	A truck drove through a puddle and soaked Beth while holding her phone .	Beth was a model in a fashion show at her school .	She practiced in the mirror for weeks in preparation .	On the day of the show she waited at the bus stop in the rain .	Beth missed the show , and was unable to tell anyone she was n't coming .
1	He kept calling hoping to be the lucky caller .	Ray was trying to win cruise tickets from his local radio station .	Then he was told that he was the winning caller !	He was thrilled !	He won two tickets to a weeklong cruise !
4	It was his best Christmas ever .	Bill had so much turkey for Thanksgiving .	He was sick of it by December .	So on Christmas day he decided to change it up .	And got a ham instead for the first time .
1	Ever since I quit , I 've had nightmarish memories about it .	I used to dance at a strip club .	I finally went to a psychologist to work out my feelings .	She really helped me work through my nightmares .	I have n't had those memories ever since .
1	It was upsetting to her .	Kelly 's laptop broke yesterday .	She got a new one today .	Luckily the new one is working .	She knows now never to drop it again .
3	She made the mangoes into a delicious sorbet .	Terry had a huge box of mangoes at her restaurant .	The mangoes were very ripe and needed to be used quickly .	Terry thought about how to get customers to buy them .	The customers loved Terry 's mango sorbet so much that she sold out .
0	Andre was kicking flowers in the yard .	His father came out and warned him not to do it .	Andre kicked the flowers anyway .	Andre was grounded for 3 months .	He never ignored a warning ever again .
3	She walked passed the windows in the living room .	Gina woke up at 10 am and looked outside .	She went back to sleep when she saw the sky was gray .	2 hours later she woke up .	She froze in her tracks when she realized everything was white .
2	All day , she could n't find a single thing she thought he 'd like .	Cindy was at the mall with her friends .	She was hoping to find a good gift for her boyfriend .	Finally , she saw the perfect gift .	It was a wooden watch and she bought it immediately .
1	One day she hid a lot of cash in the apartment .	My mom had Alzheimer 's when she was 80 .	My father found cash stashed under the bed and sofa .	My mom did not even remember doing it .	She had to go to a nursing home and died quickly thereafter .
2	She asked the waitress why there was dog .	Susan went to the diner to get a hot dog .	She noticed a dog in the diner .	The waitress told her the dog was the owner 's pet .	Susan then left the diner mad because of the dog .
2	When I walked into the store , I immediately saw a pair of black ones .	I went to get new shoes yesterday .	I hated my original pair of shoes .	The black ones caught my eye .	I immediately picked them up and bought them .
4	Francisco wishes he had just hired a cleaner .	Francisco needs to clean his house before his parents visit .	He waits until the night before they will arrive to begin cleaning .	Francisco cleans all night long until his house is spotless .	When they arrive , he is so tired he can not stay awake .
2	He researched on the internet for party tricks .	Tom was a jovial class clown .	He was always trying to make people laugh .	He learned how to make unique shapes with his tongue .	He performed those new tricks at parties and received applause .
2	Another little boy approached Don and asked to play .	Don and his father always went to the park .	He gave his son a stuffed toy to play with on the grass .	The two boys played with the stuff toy for hours .	Don gave the little boy his toy and went home .
0	I had not talked to my parents for a while .	I picked up the phone and called them .	It was awkward , but good to hear from them .	I talked to them about regular life stuff .	I hung up later and watched television .
3	She said no , thinking she could find a wealthier man .	Lisa was twenty years old and pretty .	Marcus was an auto mechanic who promised her a good life .	He asked her to marry him .	Lisa is fifty years old now , and has never been married .
1	She practiced walking in heels .	Stacey was afraid of tripping on stage at graduation .	She walked up and down stairs in them .	When the time came , She walked across the stage .	She received her diploma without a single wobble .
3	I made a beautiful landscape .	Painting is n't as hard as people make it seem .	Last week I bought some canvas and gave it a try .	My friend loaned me some paints and I went to town .	It 's being showcased in an art gallery next month .
2	That evening , the phone rang .	Marge got on the phone to share a juicy piece of gossip .	Then , she got busy doing chores .	A neighbor called with some juicy gossip .	Marge laughed when she heard how the message had changed .
0	I was typing at my desk .	I felt like it was very hot in my room .	I got up to turn on the fan .	The fan began to cool down my room .	I felt much more comfortable .
2	Her dad gave her his keys to relax in his car .	Gina was looking for a place to be alone .	She just wanted some peace and quiet .	She waited till her siblings were n't around then got in the car .	She lay on the back seat and watched videos on her phone .
1	He would run very fast .	Tom was an avid runner .	He would encounter dogs occasionally .	He prided himself on being able to outrun a dog .	Tom was tired at the end of a run and got bit by a dog .
3	I had forgot it was a national holiday .	All my cups broke .	So I decided to go to the store to buy new ones .	The store was closed that day .	I decided to return to the store next day .
2	Deciding the race looked like fun , he started a training program .	Bill turned on the TV one morning and a marathon was on .	Bill looked down at himself and noticed he was fat and out of shape .	The program was challenging , and he got into great shape .	Bill won the marathon and lost fifty pounds in the training process .
4	Carl dies tragically due to a fire .	Carl is a truck driver .	Carl delivers gasoline to gas stations .	His job is very risky and his wife worries about him very much .	One day he is involved in an accident .
1	The moment I stepped foot on campus I made a ton of friends .	The very first day of college was both nerve wracking and exciting .	One of my favorite spots to chill at was the quad .	The quad was amazing because it was so peaceful .	I will never forget my first day on campus .
4	Kelly had to wait for her father to fix her bike .	Kelly was on her way home from school .	She was riding her favorite bicycle .	Suddenly Kelly lost her balance and scraped her knee .	When she got home her mother cleaned her knee .
2	Every day he would consume gallons of hot sauce .	Steven had a huge addiction .	He was addicted to hot sauce .	He found the spiciest pepper in the world .	Steven never again tried hot sauce after eating the pepper .
2	But she used her willpower to refrain from eating .	Anna was fasting for Ramadan .	She was so hungry !	At sundown she sat down to a huge dinner .	She enjoyed her meal so much !
3	Every day , Missy ran to her pots to check her flowers .	Missy bought a packet of flower seeds at the hardware store .	She was so excited as Dad helped her plant them in several pots .	Missy was disappointed when she learned it could take several days .	The fifth day , Missy 's shouts of joy were heard throughout the house .
4	Lana made a dozen friends on her very first day !	Lana was starting her first day at a new school .	She was so scared that nobody would like her !	But when the teacher introduced her , the other kids smiled .	Then , at lunch , they invited her to sit with them .
0	I have a passport photo to bring to the Clerk .	They require two identical photos .	My photos appeared to be regulation sized .	When I showed the Clerk , she accepted them .	I finished the application and my passport is on it 's way .
4	Brad cleaned up the bloody mess .	Brad had just recently got a new kitty .	His cat was just beginning to develop into an adult .	When brad came home from work he screamed when he walked in his house .	His cat had brought in a dead bird .
1	They were both searching for something to purchase in the mall .	Sarah was walking along with her friend Brittany .	Sarah received a call from her Mother .	Her Mother needed her help with something at the house .	So the girls headed home and not a penny was spent .
0	My daughter wanted something for lunch .	I decided to make her nachos and cheese .	I put everything on a plate in the microwave .	I walked out of the room and forgot about it .	When I came back the cheese had melted everywhere .
3	I had wasted the whole afternoon not cleaning .	I was cleaning out my old room and found my old toys .	I started to reminisce about all the fun I had as a kid .	I got lost in thought and lost track of time .	At least I had a good time remembering my childhood .
3	Moe told her he 'd do that if she voted for him .	Moe decided to run for president .	He promised everything he could think of to gain votes .	A girl asked him to make college free .	The girl got excited and promised she would .
2	He found a store with a great sale .	Kevin wanted a new living room chair .	He went to all kinds of stores .	Kevin bought a chair .	Now Kevin has the best chair out of all his friends !
3	He took out his phone and searched online for a definition .	Mike talked to his friend at a party .	The friend use a word that Mike was not sure the meaning of .	He excused himself to the bathroom to secretly look it up .	He left the bathroom without flushing so his friend became suspicious .
1	The fire alarm rang and the students cheered .	A teacher was busy teaching math in grade school one day .	Everyone lined up by the door .	The teacher led them outside .	The teacher cursed the fire drill for ruining her plans .
0	Jerry lost his wallet .	He thought he might have left it at a restaurant .	He decided to call and check .	They said they had a wallet that matched the description .	When he went to get it they used his ID to verify it was his .
4	Bob got to keep the money .	Bob was walking to his house .	He found some money on the street .	He decided to turn it into the police station .	After thirty days , no one claimed the money .
2	That weekend she practiced how to parallel park .	Marie went to take her driver 's test .	She could n't parallel park so she failed the test .	She went back to take the test .	She ended up getting her license .
3	He turned his mom 's rose bushes into ice sculptures .	Tim was excited when it froze at his home in Texas .	He thought the frozen branches looked like ice sculptures .	Tim had an idea and got out the hose .	The ice ended up killing every rose bush .
4	However , his carrots grew very well and tasted delicious .	Raul planted a garden in his backyard .	He planted carrots , lettuce , and tomatoes .	The summer was very dry , however .	The tomatoes and the lettuce did not grow well at all .
4	It started to flood the stove .	My mom was boiling her soup .	She turned the setting to the highest heating point .	Since it was her first time using the stove , she was n't aware of it .	A few minutes later , the soup exploded in the pot .
0	Tom liked to box .	He would practice all the time .	He asked a friend to join him .	The friend never done that before .	Tom accidentally knocked his friend out cold !
4	When I arrived home , I walked into a surprise birthday party !	My boss pulled me aside at work .	I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday .	Instead , he told me I was n't needed today .	I sulked home , not sure whether I was getting fired or not .
1	She always gets asked if her hair is real .	Whitney is redheaded .	She always says it is .	One day she is going to say no .	She gets annoyed with that question .
4	It really helped him grasp the material .	Elliott was in advanced math in college .	He was having a hard time with it .	He was getting a poor grade .	He finally got a tutor .
2	For some reason during spring time I have the worse allergies .	It was a nice day , until I had to go outside and mow the lawn .	I did n't mind mowing the lawn , but it was spring .	I could barely breathe during this time of the year .	Luckily I was able to mow the lawn fast .
0	Ben took a nap at home .	A sound woke up him at around 2:30 .	Ben figured that it was the mailman dropping off letters .	Ben went to the front door to check his mailbox .	He opened it up to find some bills .
4	And the large blaze caught the tent on fire !	Deb was camping with family .	She was helping with the fire .	And putting wood on it as it needed it .	But she got carried away .
3	She texted him that she was sorry .	Jack and his wife got in a fight .	He decided to cool off by going for a drive .	While he was out his wife sat at home crying .	He drove home and they hugged and said they loved each other .
3	But Kay decided to try it anyways , and she was surprised .	Kay was looking forward to sketching in art class .	But when she got there she was disappointed .	They were doing painting instead of sketching !	She found that she liked painting even better than sketching !
2	Neil could n't refuse !	Neil was sightseeing in Nepal .	Then a Sherpa guide offered to take him up Mount Everest .	He and the guide climbed for days and days .	Finally , they reached the summit of Mount Everest !
2	He got furious and kicked her on the back .	Sally was arguing at her boyfriend for cheating on her .	She decided to throw his belongings out of the house .	She fell on the floor .	Although he apologized , she threatened to get her family .
3	Grandpa came running to help Grandma .	Grandma accidentally locked herself in the bathroom .	She could not figure out how to unlock the door .	She cried out for help .	Grandpa was able to unlock the door from the outside .
4	With the money , Sam was finally able to buy a dog .	Sam 's son wanted a dog .	Sam could not afford it .	Sam got a second job for extra money .	Sam worked very hard .
1	She wanted to fill her in about the guy she had a crush on .	Amy called Beth when she got home from school .	Beth was supportive and helped calm Amy 's nerves .	After the phone call Amy felt better .	She ate dinner for the first time in a week and went to sleep .
0	Elena walked towards Joshua .	Joshua tried to straighten his posture so he would look serious .	She gave him a hug and tried to ask how he 's doing .	He maintained a positive attitude and commented on her looks .	She thanked him and walked away .
0	Tom was on his way to work one morning .	He was pulled over for going over the speed limit .	Tom was sure he was n't speeding and tried to argue .	The cop did n't care and gave him a ticket anyway .	Now Tom has to fight it in court .
4	Lucy had n't anticipated grandpa taking a nap after church .	Lucy and was going to visit a girl she met a church .	She was excited because she needed someone to play with .	When they got home she ran to her room and changed clothes .	Once changed she ran to the car to wait for grandpa .
2	The DJ agreed to play the song at the time Amy requested .	Amy was at a party for her friend Beth 's birthday .	Amy wanted the DJ to play a song that was her favorite in high school .	Amy danced next to Beth so she could see her reaction .	When the song played everyone including Beth to screamed with delight .
3	The library was having a giant book sale .	We all went to the China buffet one day .	Everyone went inside and ate tons of delicious food .	When we left , we noticed a big crowd next door .	We all ended up with lots of books , it was the best day ever .
4	Ivy thought her new belt was functional and fashionable !	Ivy needed a belt because her jeans were too big .	But she did not own one and her mom 's were too small !	She asked her dad for some help .	He made her a belt of rope from his garage .
0	Joshua heard tapping at his bedroom window .	He pulled the blinds aside , looking around	He did n't see anything , and dropped the blinds .	The tapping quickly started again .	As Joshua slowly opened his blinds , he saw a cardinal eating seeds .
1	The next day they went early .	Kim and her friend missed the last ferry for the Statue of Liberty .	They arrived at the statue of liberty expecting to visit the crown .	When the spoke with the cashier she informed them tickets are online .	There were no tickets for that day they did n't get to visit the crown .
2	They ordered appetizers .	Sally got set up on a blind date .	She met her date at the restaurant .	The conversation was okay .	Sally texted her friend to call her so she could leave .
3	He sees a figure move closer to him .	Fred just woke up from a dream .	He realizes he ca n't move .	He starts getting terrified .	Suddenly , it all disappears and he can move again .
3	Mary had to learn how to count , invest and save her money .	Mary hated math when she was younger .	She could not grasp different math concepts .	One day Mary won the lottery .	Mary now loves math .
4	Her friend got sick , so Melanie had to sing by herself .	Tone-deaf Melanie and her talented pal tried out for choir at school .	Melanie only mouthed the words , while her friend sang aloud .	The music teacher was impressed and accepted them into the choir .	The teacher gave Melanie and her pal a duet to sing at the concert .
2	He tried to place his hand in the dispenser .	Tom placed a dollar in the vending machine .	He selected a drink however , it got stuck .	However , the dispenser trapped his hand .	The machine manufacturer had to open the entire machine .
1	He rushed to the hospital .	Tray was having chest pain .	They doctors hurriedly examined him .	They found that Tray had had a mild heart attack !	Tray was fully examined again before they allowed him to go home .
1	She had been hiking by herself and got separated from the trail .	Jill was lost in the wilderness .	Her boyfriend called the police after not hearing from her .	A search team was dispatched to the GPS coordinates on her phone .	A helicopter found and rescued Jill near a large tree .
0	Julia was walking through the hallway .	She saw a piece of paper on the floor .	She realized that it was a pass to get out of class .	It was completely blank so Julia kept it .	She filled it out later and used it to skip school .
4	Ron knew he was going to make mistakes and eventually got over it .	Ron was a first year basketball referee .	He was officiating one game when he made a bad call .	The crowd yelled at Ron for his mistake .	After the game the other referee told Ron not to worry about it .
4	Where I fell in love with this girl dancing to TLC 's No Scrubs .	I had been humming the song No Scrubs for the months .	I barely knew the words , but it would n't get out of my head .	On my way home from work I heard a song , the song .	I followed it into a theatre for the arts .
3	She mixed it all together with her hands .	Lucy and her grandma were going to cook dinner together .	Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes .	Lucy measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl .	Lucy felt like a big help as she watched grandma fry the croquettes .
2	Missy searched everywhere for her , upset .	Missy was downtown with her friend Andrea .	Somehow , Andrea got separated from her .	Finally she found her hanging out with other people .	Missy felt completely hurt and left immediately .
2	I decided to find the movie online to download .	A movie came out that seemed interesting .	I did not have enough money to see it .	I found the movie and downloaded it .	I sat and watched the movie on my computer .
2	She searched through many stores , but every alarm she slept through .	Mally needed to get a new alarm to wake her up in the morning .	She tried every alarm on her phone , but none seemed to wake her .	Her friend recommended she get a scream alarm .	Mally set it up , and when the alarm went off , she jumped right up .
2	She received all A 's like usual .	Erica was excited to graduate high school .	She had worked hard in all her classes .	She was excited when she got her diploma .	She graduated valedictorian of her class .
2	So , he decided he was going to take a class a town over .	Ben wanted to learn how to practice ballet .	He was embarrassed because he knew his friends would make fun of him .	On his first day , Ben walked into class and was shocked .	There in the studio was his best friend Alex ready to start the class !
2	They said his season was over .	Tony was the best high school quarterback in the nation .	However , his arm broke after someone tackled him .	Tony practiced very hard while his arm healed .	At the last game of the season , Tony was ready to play .
1	She was tossing a ball around .	Jamie was out in her yard playing one day .	Jamie accidentally tossed the ball over the fence .	She went next door and asked her neighbor for the ball .	Her neighbor gladly let her in the fence to get her ball !
3	Dj forgot himself and answered the door .	Dj bought himself some new lingerie .	He was quite content with it .	Someone knocked on his door while Dj was wearing it .	His neighbor stared at him in shock .
0	Henry decided he wanted to go to an aerospace museum .	He researched local museums until he found one he was interested in .	He begged his mother to take him to it .	They hopped into the car and drove to the museum .	Henry 's visit to the museum proved to be one of his best days ever .
4	Afterwards one girl told Beth she lost 10 pounds , and looked great .	Beth was returning to school after being sick for a week .	She felt better was was still nervous .	People were whispering as she walked into her first class .	Beth was concerned thinking she looked horrible and sick .
2	Jake was hesitant .	Jake has always been afraid of clowns .	His son wanted a clown for his birthday party .	He hired a clown at his son 's suggestion .	Jake got over his fear .
2	I could n't believe how terrible I felt .	Last night I felt incredibly sick .	When I finished my salad I felt nausea .	I took some ginger tea as a result .	Immediately I felt relief .
1	Johnny 's cousin invited him to his church to talk to his priest .	Johnny had a confession for a priest .	Johnny was afraid but he went to meet his cousin 's priest .	In the church , Johnny told the priest he cheated on his wife .	The priest told Johnny women make sinners of us all .
0	Yesterday , Damon looked through his parents ' books	He found a book about dinosaurs	He wondered why these big animals were gone	He asked his parents ' about their extinction	The next day , they took him to the museum to learn more
3	Cal used it on his head .	Cal was half-awake as he went into his shower .	He thought the water felt very pleasant and reached for the shampoo .	Because his eyes were n't quite open yet he grabbed the body soap .	He felt strangely the rest of the day though he did n't figure out why .
1	He bought a rat from the pet store .	Ted loved rodents .	He brought the rat home and put him in his cage .	David woke up to someone screaming .	The rat got out of it 's cage , and it crawled into his parent 's bed .
3	They felt pity on him .	Fred was poor .	It was really cold out and he had no shelter .	He went to a restaurant .	They let him stay for the night .
3	He became very good and actually travelled with the team .	Seth had an injured leg and was in a wheelchair .	He was saddened that he lost his mobility .	He then was asked to join a wheelchair basketball team .	Wheelchair basketball changed Seth 's life .
2	The book never came so Erin contacted the seller .	Erin wanted to buy a book from an online store .	Erin made an account and purchased the book .	The seller never replied , so Eren contacted customer support .	Erin eventually got his money back .
3	I forgot to bring a plastic bag to pick up the poop .	I went to the dog park with my black lab .	My dog ate a lot before we left the house .	Halfway to the park , my dog had to poop .	I just left it there , and continued to the dog park .
0	Dom loved sneakers .	He had every pair of Jordan 's that existed .	The new edition was coming out the next morning .	Dom waited in line for 12 hours .	When he got to the counter the salesman said they ran out .
2	They all went to the beach and played volleyball .	Gerald was bored on a hot day of summer .	Gerald called his friends so that they could go to the beach .	In the afternoon , they all had a bonfire .	Gerald returned home , happy with his beach day .
4	She started working for the producer and loved her knew life .	Alex was really sad that she broke up with her boyfriend .	She had to move from their NY apartment to LA .	In LA she met a lot of people that she had fun with .	She also met a film producer who offered her work .
3	Harry decided to put these techniques into practice .	Harry read that most people brush their teeth wrong .	He had always brushed back and forth and rinsed after .	The website said he should brush up and down and only spit after .	He did n't notice much difference , but felt better for changing .
0	In April , Bob decided he need to do his taxes .	He gathered all of the information he would need .	He went to an accountant .	He answered the accountant 's questions about his income .	The accountant prepared and filed Bob 's taxes .
3	The doctors told Bill that he could never run again .	Bill loved to run .	Bill ran five miles every day .	One day , Bill slipped on a rock and broke his leg .	Bill is very sad that he will never be able to run again .
3	Jack was shocked , but agreed things were bad .	Jane and Jack were married for 20 years .	Lately things were rocky all the time .	Jane told jack she wanted a divorce .	They decided it was time to end their marriage .
4	It became very popular and Sam plans to have his own store open soon !	Sam was obsessed with different soda flavors .	He had spent hours researching the most tasty combinations .	One day one of his friends suggest he open a shop .	Sam followed his advice and opened a shop in his garage .
4	Josh never saw the patron return to his bar again .	Josh was a new bartender .	His first patron asked him to make a White Russian .	Josh just guessed at the recipe .	The patron was very dissatisfied with the result .
0	Emma had soup and salad for lunch .	She unpacked her utensils to eat .	She saw that her mom had given her no fork !	There was no spoon for her soup , either !	Emma was sad until she spotted the spork .
2	They talked the whole trip .	Tom went on a cruise .	He met a beautiful girl .	When they got back to land , he asked her on a date .	He was happy when she said yes .
2	She got to participate in the state science fair at the Capital .	Annie won the regional science fair .	Her project looked at nutrient levels in hydroponic farming .	On the way there , her apparatus broke in the van .	She could n't fix it and had to go home .
3	Clara never raised her hand in that class again .	Clara loved math class and often raised her hand .	One day she raised her hand , and her teacher sighed .	He told her not to raise her hand so much , to let others have a turn .	She decided that she loved English class instead .
3	She bought all kinds of meats , veggies and sides .	Ana ran out of food .	She decided it was time to go grocery shopping .	She wrote out a list and headed to the store .	Ana was so happy to have a house full of food again !
0	Alice put on her headphones and began a Skype call .	She 'd been offered a guest spot on her favorite podcast .	The discussion went from discussing her influences to future plans .	She choked a bit , unsure what those plans were a year from now .	Reflecting on that , she improvised and bounced ideas off of the host .
1	It was so windy that the seagulls could n't even fly .	When I lived in Nome Alaska I had my 12th birthday at the beach .	We moved my entire party into the back of my parents Suburban .	All 12 kids , the cake , presents , my parents , and a dog fit in the back .	When I grew up , and had a family of my own , I bought a Suburban .
0	Bert went for a walk after work tonight .	As he was walking down the street he saw an envelope .	He picked it up to see if anything was in there .	The envelope contained three thousand dollars .	That 's why Bert takes a walk every night after work .
4	Her lover took her to the hospital and they put a pin in her ankle .	Anita will never forget the day she broke her ankle .	Her and her boyfriend were walking out the supermarket .	While pushing her shopping cart , she wobbled in her heels .	One foot collapsed to the ground and she felt her ankle break .
1	One day the part over the seat belt fell off and hit her in the head .	Amy had been driving her car for 10 years .	Amy was driving and could n't move the piece until she stopped .	At a red light she tried to push the piece back into place .	Amy ended up yanking it off so she could continue driving .
3	He came to my house and asked my parents if I could go .	Gloria was my best friend in middle school .	She lived two doors over and we always walked together .	One day her Dad invited me on a trip with her family .	I still ca n't believe they said yes to Hawaii !
3	All the suits looked great !	Lucy worked hard and lost a lot of weight this year .	It was time to shop for a bathing suit .	It was scary at first .	Lucy swims happily .
0	Cyndi 's boss told her to compress the firm 's data .	She printed out all the financial reports .	She stacked them in piles and stomped on them as hard as she could .	Cyndi proudly presented the compressed pages to her boss .	Her boss was not amused and fired her on the spot .
4	Then , he bought it with the card .	For Christmas , Rodger got a gift card .	It was going to expire soon .	He went to the store to redeem it .	He chose a book .
0	Lance was beginning to feel sick .	He realized that it was probably because of his diet .	He did some reading and decided to fix his eating .	For the next few weeks , he stuck to a better diet .	Soon enough , he began to feel healthier .
3	So I started grinding away until I found this wonderful set of hits .	It was n't long ago that I started working on this website .	I looked high and low for hits that would pay well for my time .	With my experience there were simply none to be had .	Today I sadly finished the last hit in this wonderful set .
2	They decided to surprise him with a new best friend , a puppy .	Gavin was very sad when his best friend moved away .	His parent were worried about how he was moping around .	He came home from kindergarten one afternoon to his surprise .	There was a little yellow bundle of fur waiting to greet him .
2	She decided to hike on a new trail that just opened up .	Sandy was decided to take a hike in the mountains .	She went by herself because she was familiar with the mountains .	Sandy was hiking for awhile before she realized she was lost !	In the end Sandy found her way back to the main trail .
1	As I grew older , I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar .	When I was younger , my dad played guitar to put me to sleep .	I begged for a guitar , but Dad would n't let me play with his .	Instead , I looked at beginner guitars online .	Later , my dad drove me to the music store so I could buy a guitar .
0	My daughter and son in law went to Montreal last year .	They decided to take their 1 year old daughter .	She needed a passport .	The postal clerk took a photo of her while she was crying .	Now her passport photo shows a crying little girl .
1	She was not going to forget .	Yesterday was the anniversary of Kelly 's sister 's death .	She got flowers together to put on the grave .	When she got to the grave she weeped .	It was too much for her .
3	Rick had to practice hard through the summer .	Rick saw his first football game when he was five years old .	Since that day , he was dead set on playing football .	He made it through little league and junior high with ease .	This fall , he will be the starting quarterback as a freshman .
1	When we got to endgame tactics , she lost interest .	I was teaching my sister how to play chess .	So we played a game of Yahtzee instead .	I won the first game and the next two .	After that , I lost interest .
1	Nervous at being watched , she let the basket slip from her hands .	Martha carried her basket of laundry down the hall past her neighbor .	A big pile of her underwear fell right on her neighbor 's feet .	Clutching his stomach , her neighbor howled with laughter .	Snatching up the underwear , she flushed scarlet with embarrassment .
1	He opened his mouth and scraped his tongue quickly .	Peter felt a burning sensation on his tongue .	A red fire ant fell out .	Peter screamed and went to get a glass of water .	His tongue swelled up huge and he could n't speak for days .
3	He retraced his steps and went to the last bar he went to .	Darren went out on the weekend .	He kept drinking at every bar he went to .	He ended up losing his cell phone .	They had his phone .
2	The wind is blowing them off the trees .	The leaves have begun to change colors .	They went from green to red , yellow , and orange .	The temperature , like the leaves , is falling .	Autumn is here .
2	Sara excitedly started running toward her friend .	Sara was walking in front of her high school .	Her best friend called to her from down the road .	As she ran , her heavy backpack bounced against her .	She ended up tripping and falling on the sidewalk .
0	Sally could n't wait to go trick or treating .	She constantly asked her mom when it would be time to go .	Sally started to get impatient and kept bugging her mom .	Mom finally gave the OK to go trick or treating .	Sally spent the next 2 hours trick or treating .
2	He decided to look at me .	I opened the door to search for the mail .	The paperboy was riding his bike across my street .	At the same time , he threw a newspaper on the ground .	I thanked him afterwards .
0	Doug wanted a surf and turf dinner .	He did not have the money for a fancy dinner .	Instead , Doug purchased a can of tuna and a pound of ground beef .	He used his imagination while eating to pretend it was surf and turf .	Doug had a difficult time believing he was eating anything good .
0	Will 's cocker spaniel , Rocky was just 8 weeks old .	Will put him out back to do his business and then turned the TV on .	Stacy , Will 's wife , came home early from work and found Will sleeping .	Stacy cuddled up next to Will and fell asleep too .	When the thunderstorm woke them up Will remembered Rocky was out !
1	Both her parents worked , so no one was home .	Gina arrived home after school .	She could n't find her key in her pocket .	It was n't in her bag either .	Gina was locked out of the house .
1	He wanted a new laptop for his birthday .	Josh was a computer nerd .	He had been begging his parents for one .	They told him no .	When he opened his present , he was surprised with a laptop .
0	Joshi was a young buddhist monk .	He had not yet achieved nirvana .	Joshi decided to study buddhism every day and meditate .	He studied and meditated for twenty years .	One day , Joshi finally achieved nirvana .
2	So I decided to mash roasted garlic into the potatoes .	I made mashed potatoes .	But , I wanted to improve the flavor .	I used my hands to mash the garlic .	My hands smelled for hours so I learned to use a tool next time .
4	Greg loved golf from then on .	Greg hated golf .	His friends said he should try it .	He decided to take golf lessons .	He got really skilled at the sport .
4	She told me that I failed .	The teacher handed our test packets .	I realized that I studied for the wrong material .	However , I tried to answer the questions .	The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades .
0	One day at the station , the fire department got a call for a fire .	John and his Dalmatian quickly arose and rushed to the fire .	Inside the building was a family of four with no way to escape !	John and his dog scaled the side of the building and rescued them .	John was awarded a key to the city and was in the newspaper .
4	So , Jan worked even harder to clip coupons to save money .	Jan called herself the coupon queen .	She filled her home with items she got for next to nothing .	When the house was overflowing , Jan built an addition .	She could barely pay for the extra utilities and the new construction .
4	Luckily the factory warranty still covered it .	Mike bought a new television .	They offered him an extended warranty .	He declined it .	Within a year of having it the television broke .
0	Ava had money in a savings account .	It was not earning any interest .	Then her banker suggested she move the money to a CD account .	Ava agreed , and switched the funds into the CD .	Soon she was earning lots of interest on her money !
2	It was up to me to make her dream come true .	When my daughter turned 3 she requested Minnie Mouse cupcakes .	I did n't have the money to pay someone to make them .	I found a recipe and design and got to baking .	My daughter was so happy when she seen the cupcakes .
3	His car would n't move no matter what .	Bob went to the gas station to fill his car .	He accidentally put diesel instead of gasoline into his car .	His car began to stutter when he tried to start it up .	Bob had to call a mechanic to get his fuel pump cleaned out .
0	Nicole was spinning around in a circle with her classmates .	As they finished the song , they all fell down .	Nicole passed gas loudly and all the kids looked at her .	She looked back and forth to take the attention off her .	All the kids started laughing .
1	He was also well aware the cat was sleeping in the corner .	The mouse spotted crumbs on the kitchen floor .	The human vacuumed daily , so he knew he had to make a move .	He scurried from his hiding place without making a sound .	He ate the crumbs and ran back to his hole before the cat woke up .
4	Mittens ignored the bed and slept in the box .	Billy had a cat named Mittens .	Mittens would always sleep on Billy 's bed .	Billy decided that he would buy Mittens a bed of his own to sleep in .	A week later the bed arrived and Billy took it out of the box .
1	Her parents thought it was too expensive , but they bought her one .	Gloria really wanted a camera as her high school graduation present .	Gloria loved the camera and quickly learned how to use it .	She soon entered a photography contest and won first place .	Gloria is now a professional photographer .
3	He had not expected the pet he saw in his kitchen .	Gary 's dad told him the family was getting an exotic pet .	Gary wondered all day at school what it might be .	When he got out of school , he rushed home .	Gary 's family had brought home a potbellied pig !
4	Cora got in shape , and she got a great boyfriend : Brian !	Cora wanted to get in shape , so she joined her school 's track team .	But she could n't keep up with the other runners !	Then her next door neighbor Brian offered to help her train .	They began to run together in the morning before school .
0	Today I decided to learn how to make bread .	I followed the recipe but I must have made a mistake .	The bread and tripled in size and was burning .	I decided to throw the bread away and start over .	I noticed I made an error in my measurements and started over .
3	I sprayed air freshener to make the place smell good .	My livingroom needed sprucing up so I cleaned it .	I dusted the furniture and swept the floors .	I polished the mirrors and replaced the flowers .	Now the living room is sparkling clean like the rest of the house .
0	One day a salesman came by my office .	He gave me a brochure about his company .	It was on the site of a railroad locomotive factory .	I put the brochure up on ebay .	It sold for $ 20 .
2	To their surprise they were offered free drinks .	Kelly decided to take a girls trip to Vegas .	When the girls got there they went over to the club .	As a result the girls left a massive tip .	Kelly could n't wait to go back .
2	But Karen , ignoring their cruelty , worked hard .	The other ballet students made fun of Karen .	Karen was heavier than the typical ballerina .	She gained entry into a prestigious dance school .	Her former peers watched with envy as Karen gained fame .
1	She felt like a schoolgirl when he asked her to a Valentine dance .	Widowed Marge met a widower who loved to dance .	At the dance , Marge misstepped and broke her hip .	In the hospital , Marge thought she had missed out on love .	Then , a delivery man came with flowers from the widower .
2	Everyone showed up .	Larry bought a new pontoon boat .	He invited his friends and threw a party on it .	Larry had a great time on the lake .	He had several more parties on his boat .
4	The Patriots won and Billy ran out of the lounge yelling .	Billy is a big Patriots fan and was very excited for Super Bowl 49 .	His team was playing the Seattle Seahawks .	On the last drive , Russell Wilson drove down the field to take the lead	Malcolm Butler of the Patriots intercepted the ball .
4	And he was glad that it was healthier than a hot dog too .	Eric planned to have a hot dog for lunch .	But the weather turned out hotter than he anticipated .	So Eric ate watermelon instead .	He love its juicy , sweet taste .
4	When the train crushed it , it came out perfectly stretched .	Jackson loved stretched pennies .	He always got them at amusement parks and things like that .	One day he decided to make his own penny .	He put a penny on a train track .
3	I realized I needed to become bonded and insured .	I had a home repair business .	One day , I broke a customer 's furniture .	He sued me and I lost .	Now , I have protection in case someone sues me .
3	While they were having fun , it started to rain .	Maria invited her friend Stacey over to play last Saturday .	The two girls went for a walk down to the local park .	At the park the girls played catch with the dog .	Luckily the girls made it home quickly before it downpoured .
2	Lucy tried on lots of sandals but saw none she liked .	Lucy and her grandma went to the mall .	Lucy had only tennis shoes and it was too hot to wear them .	After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her .	Lucy rode home in silence upset she did n't get to pick her own shoes .
2	We got an email at 5:30 saying service was restored .	Our building lost the Internet yesterday .	I called and was told the building was doing an upgrade .	I called the management as our unit still had no internet .	We finally got service at 7 o'clock .
3	She was able to purchase a pair of tires for $ 200 off retail price .	Samantha needed to get new car tires .	Her winter tires were all worn out .	She searched online for specials .	Her mechanic installed them on her car when the tires arrived .
0	Evan loved football .	He was too small to play .	Evan signed up to be the school mascot instead .	He got to go to all the games .	This made him very happy .
1	She studied really hard in med school .	It was Martha 's dream to become a doctor .	Afterwards , she completed her residency .	She was able to finally get her license after years of hard work .	Her parents were really proud of her accomplishments .
3	Eventually we got a VCR .	When I was a child , I liked cartoons .	I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons .	Every time , I would fall asleep before the end of the show .	Now I could record them and watch them whenever I wanted !
3	He ended up with a very nice paycheck for himself and his family	Rob had a very good day with his job	He stayed very light one night , and went in early the next day	He was very committed to doing a good job for his work	He wanted nothing more than to make his family happy
1	He was able to hit the ball however , it hit a bee 's nest .	I threw the softball towards my cousin .	Several bees came out of the nest .	They were flying towards us .	We ended up walking inside of our house and they flew away .
4	Bob patched his injury with a bandage afterwards .	Bob was feeding his kitten .	He started to pet his kitten on its head .	His kitten bit him on the thumb .	Bob 's thumb started to bleed .
1	He was at a friend 's house for dinner .	Eric always liked spicy food .	They warned him about the spiciness of one dish .	He thought he could handle it and took a big bite .	He cried and drank water for almost twenty minutes .
3	She put the bird in a box so a cat would n't eat it .	One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room .	She looked out the window .	A bird had flown into the window and knocked itself out .	After an hour the bird flew away like nothing had happened .
4	The bread was moldy , so James did n't make a sandwich .	James wanted a sandwich .	There was a loaf of bread on his kitchen counter .	James got out the peanut butter and jelly .	James opened the bread bag , and found it was green .
2	But to celebrate , she did something strange .	Kate had lost fifteen pounds on her diet .	She was very proud of her weight loss .	She ate a huge ice cream sundae !	Kate knew it was important not to deny yourself all the time !
3	I called the security guard .	Jane was standing behind several people by the lunch line .	She was threatened to purchase a juice pouch .	As soon as she got out of the line , the person snatched the juice .	After he understood the situation , he gave the bully detention .
1	They dared him to prank call his aunt .	Max was hanging out with friends .	He agreed .	He called his aunt from a hidden number .	Then , he made a joke and hung up .
4	After a few hours his hat had nearly twenty dollars in it .	Val liked to entertain everyone .	One day , walking down the road with friends , he started performing .	He whipped out a deck of cards and did magic tricks .	People loved the tricks so much he put out a hat .
1	I stumbled a little bit after standing for too long in the photo .	My aunt took a family portrait of everyone at the party .	I took a look at the photo after it was processed .	While everyone looked nice , I had a weird frown on my face .	I did n't bother to ask for a copy and ended up walking away .
3	Lucy had to eat her hamburger first .	Lucy and her grandparents ate dinner .	Lucy ate all her fries and got more .	She wanted more but grandma stopped her .	She ate it quickly and grabbed the last of the fries .
0	I was in Alabama .	My grandmother suggested I try some chicken and waffles .	I agreed and went to a local cafe .	I ordered a plate of chicken and waffles with extra gravy .	It was the most delicious meal I had ever consumed !
1	Bill did n't think Ted would make it .	Ted bet Bill that he could make a basketball shot .	They went out to the basketball court .	Ted shot the ball and it went in .	Bill was very impressed with his friend 's skill .
0	Jim received his license today .	To celebrate , he took a few friends out for drinks .	Unfortunately , a police officer stopped them and handed Jim a DUI	When his mom found out , she was disappointed .	She punished him by taking away his license .
2	He decided to get it fixed .	Ned was Jewish and had a big nose .	He was sensitive about it .	He went to the surgeon and had a nose job .	Ned felt much better about himself afterwards .
0	I wrote an article analyzing a long song by Jethro Tull .	I thought it would be a good feature on a music website .	Music websites usually just run articles about modern music .	I had a very hard time trying to find anywhere that ran articles .	I still have n't managed to get the article accepted anywhere
4	VIP was exposed when the average repair cost for each vehicle was 1k .	A lot of people were complaining about VIP Auto .	They were saying they had been ripped off .	So a news station brought cars in undercover .	Nothing was wrong with the cars except a loose battery connector .
2	He went out with his friend that showed girls his money .	As a freshman in college , Anthony was most interested in girls .	Unlike his classmates , he knew how to pick up girls .	But Anthony had better luck with women because he smiled often .	Anthony 's friend asked what was the secret , Anthony said I got game .
1	I literally smacked right into him as I was running around a corner .	I ran into my crush the other day .	I helped him up off the ground and apologized profusely .	He smiled and did n't seem to be upset .	I am happy I got to talk to him at all !
2	Her boss noticed her and immediately got out of his seat .	Nancy tried to clock out of work early to attend a party .	She turned her assignments in and left at five .	He threatened to fire Nancy if she left early .	Therefore , Nancy worked for an additional hour .
1	Her mom sends videos to update us .	Our granddaughter Ella lives in NYC , while we are in Boston .	Today she sent a video of Ella saying the alphabet .	She got some of it right .	We were very amused .
2	I worked close by .	In 2009 my wife wanted to see the Christmas lights on Boston Common .	We had not gone in years .	I met her and walked to the Common .	The lights put her into a festive mood .
3	The two kids began fighting .	Sara was in her brother 's room playing with his video game .	Suddenly , her brother came in .	He was angry that she was using his stuff .	There mother heard and came into the room to stop them .
4	His friends made fun of him but he was happy he stayed inside .	There was a fisherman who went out every night .	Usually he catches a fish every night .	Yesterday he did n't catch any dish because he had to leave early .	There was a big storm coming and he wanted to be safe .
1	Bill encouraged his father to go back to school .	Bill 's father only got an 8th grade education .	His father heeded his advice and went to high school	He worked hard , and graduated top of his class .	Bill 's father now has plans to go to college .
3	The doctor recommended walking on the treadmill at the gym .	Ron loves to swim and used to do it every day at the gym .	He is older now and has a hard time getting in and out of the pool .	He asked his doctor what to do for exercise so he can stay healthy .	Ron gave it a try and loves the treadmill now .
3	Then Ella sang in the school musical , amazing everyone .	Ella was always jealous of her sister , Connie .	Connie seemed to breeze through schoolwork with ease .	Ella did n't think she was as good as Connie .	Ella found that she had different talents than Connie .
4	Now he is bored because he has too much free time on his hands .	When Phil left his position as head pastor he was relieved .	He had been trying to work a full time job and pastor a church too .	It was a huge responsibility and he was just worn out .	He moved his family across the country to escape .
0	Jenny begged to go to the horse races with her dad .	At the track , Jenny 's dad let her pick a horse for every race .	Jenny 's picks won more often than her dad 's .	He asked Jenny about her special strategy .	Jenny said she picked the horses with the prettiest hair .
1	She arrived at her math class early and waited anxiously .	Kate was nervous about her first day of college .	When the class started , Kate felt even more nervous during role call .	The instructor assigned everyone difficult work .	Kate struggled with the work but no longer felt nervous .
1	He decided to enhance his training methods .	John was a serious athlete .	He decided to only wear minimalist footwear .	He noticed his lower leg strength improve .	He attributed this to his new footwear .
0	Milton sold ice cream .	He had many different flavors .	Unfortunately , he had no customers .	He could n't figure out why nobody wanted any .	Finally , he decided not to sell ice cream in December anymore .
1	I used the computer and books to do my research .	I had a report due on Spain .	I took many notes .	I learned a lot about Spain .	My teacher enjoyed my final report .
1	He smiled big when he saw her .	Amy arrived at the park and found Ben waiting for her .	She ran over and gave him a big hug and a kiss .	He gave her a bag of gummy bears as a gift .	They sat on the merry go around eating gummy bears .
1	Her boyfriend Edmund was visiting .	Alicia was n't a very good cook , but wanted to make some food .	They searched the cupboards for something easy to cook .	The duo settled upon cooking Ramen Noodles .	Edmund appreciated the efforts made by Alica .
4	He crashed into a tree two blocks away from the bar .	Ned was drinking one night .	He decided to drive home from the bar .	He thought he was sober enough to make it home .	But Ned had overestimated himself .
4	The chief was named Red Cloud , and the painting was worth thousands !	I was searching my attic for some stuff for a yard sale .	While digging around , I found a very old-looking painting .	The painting depicted a Native American chief .	Following a hunch , I had it appraised .
3	He called them into a meeting in his office .	Ann started to date a coworker of hers against company policy .	They tried to keep it a secret .	One day , her boss saw them kissing at a restaurant .	Ann 's boss fired both of them .
0	Diane 's family did n't have a lot of money .	When she was 10 Year 's old , she was allowed to pick one dress .	She went to the store and looked at everything they had .	She fell in love with a bright red , polka dot dress .	Diane wore this dress proudly until the hems frayed .
4	Despite her efforts , she never did find out who sent the candy .	Mary was in biology class .	It was Valentine 's day and some kids were receiving candy-grams .	Suddenly , Mary received one .	She had no idea who could have sent it .
3	Barry 's dad walked him through tying the knot over the phone .	Barry was getting dressed for an important dinner event .	He struggled to tie his tie properly .	He had to call his dad to ask him what he was doing wrong .	In the end Barry had a perfect knot in his tie and looked great .
0	Tim went to the zoo .	There was a sign that said not to feed the bears .	Tim fed the bears .	The bears got sick .	Tim ended up paying a five hundred dollar fine .
3	As she parked her car , a mailman came out .	Ruth went to a flea market to shop for interesting things .	The parking lot was full so she had to park her car elsewhere .	There was a lot of space across the street in the post office .	He told her that she could not park there .
4	When he got home , he froze what was left of it .	Tom bought four things of ice cream .	One was mint , one was orange , and one was brownie fudge .	He got stuck in traffic on the way home from the store .	The ice cream got melty and sort of made a mess .
0	James was carrying a lot of books in his arms on the way to class .	He tripped over a stick and fell .	His glasses fell down and broke in half .	He needed to take an exam next period so he taped up his glasses .	The glasses held in place and he was able to finish his test . B .
1	The equipment is designed to stop stovetop fires .	Yesterday we were told the landlord was installing fire equipment .	The installers were coming during the day today .	Our installer came at 2 pm and was done in 15 minutes .	We waited a long time and were glad they were done .
3	Harriet went to a new company .	Tom was an office worker .	Harriet was his manager .	Harriet quit the company .	Tom soon also quit and followed his manager to the new company .
0	I was walking up the stairs .	Suddenly , I fell !	I was rushed to the hospital for a concussion .	The doctors told me I should be more careful .	From then on , I decided to hold onto the stair railings .
4	The people were fine and the Pizza Man offered them a free slice .	The Pizza Man was known for his dough throwing skills .	To draw in customers he stood outside and threw it very high .	He missed one throw and the dough landed on a passing car .	The driver of the car swerved and crashed into a tree .
1	Her mother was proud of her .	Amy called her mom to tell her she made the JV volleyball team .	Amy was proud of herself since she was only in the 8th grade .	She asked her mom if they could go to her favorite restaurant .	Her mother agreed they should go out to eat to celebrate .
3	Soon the project was done !	Jim was not confident in his home repair skills .	He was hesitant to try and fix his own sink .	He read the directions and started to work .	Jim was so excited to learn a new skill .
4	She was exhausted by the end of the day .	It was Mary 's 15th birthday .	She really wanted something special for her birthday .	Her parents surprised her with a new bike !	Mary rode her bike all afternoon .
2	He put the gas in the mower and started it .	Matt 's grass was too long .	He bought some gas for the mower .	He mowed the lawn in less than an hour .	Now Matt 's wife will stop complaining about the lawn .
0	I just bought a new video game that I can not wait to play .	Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it .	I like to play it all the way through from beginning to the end .	I still have half of my shift to get through before I can go home .	This is going to be the longest work shift ever !
1	She tried to eat some chips but she still craved something .	Miranda had a craving for something salty .	She decided she craved something meaty instead .	She went to McDonald 's and bought a large order of chicken nuggets .	Her craving for something salty and savory was satisfied .
0	Lauren thought she was a great basketball player .	She challenged her coach to a game of HORSE .	Lauren sank basket after basket .	Her coach made shot after shot .	Lauren ended up losing to her coach .
2	She started working more and paying bills .	Amber was scared about her future .	She was having a lot of money problems .	She sold everything she did n't need .	She was no longer worried about her future .
4	Most people were compassionate , and gave Zach money without working !	Zach made a huge mistake with his money last night .	He needed to pay bills today , but his money was all gone .	Now he had find a way to make money today !	He went all around town asking to help people for money .
4	They did and sped off .	Larry was driving down the road at night .	A car came up and started tailgating him .	He waved them over to pass him .	Eventually he moved over a bit to help them do so .
4	After swimming , I always love to sit in the warm sun .	Summer is my favorite time of year .	The weather is warm .	My favorite part of summer is swimming in the pool .	I could splash around for hours .
2	He took some adderall and ritalin .	Ronnie procrastinated his essay .	He could n't concentrate .	This gave him the concentration he needed .	He finished it in 2 hours .
4	My bunny bit the actors hand and he is now even more afraid of them .	The lead actor in our school play was afraid of rabbits .	The play featured a rabbit .	I agreed to let my pet bunny be in the play .	I assured the lead actor that he was friendly .
0	When Joy was ten Year 's old , her family moved .	She had to go to a new school and make new friends .	She was very nervous about her first day at school .	At lunch , she asked a group of girls if she could sit with them .	The girls were funny and cool , and Joy felt better !
2	This baby cried nonstop .	A woman came back from the hospital with her new baby .	This baby was very cute , but had a problem .	The mother had an idea to stop the baby from crying .	The baby stopped crying when she gave it her favorite toy as a child .
2	He car collided with another person 's car .	Estelle was driving home from work .	She was texting and did not see a stop sign .	Estelle broke her neck and ended up in the hospital .	The injury left her paralyzed , and therefore she never texted again .
4	She had to hold it very specifically to keep it working , though .	Samantha was listening to her iPod .	She noticed that her headphones were starting to cut out .	For a minute , they stopped working and she thought they were done for .	After twisting it around she was able to restore the sound .
2	Finally , she picked one .	Jessica saved up for a haircut .	She looked through some books to choose a style .	She handed the picture to the hairdresser .	The woman cut Jessica 's hair .
1	I could n't afford a boat of my own .	I wanted to sail the seven seas .	Instead I found a ship and signed up .	The Captain was on a tight schedule .	I found it rather boring .
0	My friend Tina said she felt sick while we were on the phone .	She kept talking although she sounded sick .	I heard Tina gagging and coughing .	Tina said she would call me later .	I 'm still waiting on her call .
3	Finally Suzy is promoted to assistant manager of the coffee shop .	Suzy wants to promoted to assistant manager at the coffee shop .	She tells her boss she is ready to work extra hard for the promotion .	Suzy comes in early and stays late to show her dedication .	However , she begins to wonder if it was worth all the work .
0	Briana had a pet turtle .	One day , he went missing .	They searched the house but could n't find him .	Briana started to worry .	Luckily , they found the turtle under the table .
3	She finished just in time to watch the show .	After a long day at school , Mandy was tired .	She wanted to nap before her favorite show started .	But , Mandy had to clean her room and do her homework .	But , Mandy fell asleep during the show .
2	Suddenly , the door hit a bump .	Oliver was playing in his bedroom .	He was messing with his mirrored closet doors .	The entire thing began to fall down .	Oliver screamed and ran out of the way just in time .
2	His first batch came out weak and terrible .	Herman was getting tired of his store-bought coffee .	He decided to buy the beans and brew it himself .	His second batch was a little better .	He kept improving , and in time was brewing great coffee .
2	But when he needed to go bed , he could n't sleep .	Jim was feeling tired one night .	So he made coffee for himself .	Jim found himself wide awake until 5 AM .	Later on , he was exhausted during work .
2	He went to the doctor .	Wally was sick .	He was coughing a lot .	The doctor gave him medicine .	He stopped coughing and was fine !
3	The sound was made by a package delivery truck .	I can always tell when the mail truck is coming .	The mail truck makes a loud squeaking sound when it stops .	I heard that sound today , so I went outside .	The driver gave me a package that I had n't expected .
1	He forgot to lock the door of the pin behind him .	Matthew was feeding his horses in the morning .	His horse Fred pushed the door and ran out .	Matthew ran after him for an hour .	His neighbour caught him and gave him to Matthew .
3	It was completely red .	Maddie was at school .	Her eye started to itch .	She went to the bathroom to look at it .	Her teacher sent her home with pinkeye .
1	Suddenly , Ben felt something crawl across his back .	Ben sat at his desk , reading a book .	He screamed and whirled around in his chair .	Ben 's little sister stood behind him , giggling and holding a feather .	Ben told his sister how much she had scared him .
0	Everyone thought it was funny that Rocky played hockey .	Out of all the sports to play , it 's the one that rhymed with his name .	In college he started going by Rocket .	You 'll never guess what kind of scientist old Rocket is .	Well , Rocket prefers the term Aerospace Engineer .
0	I was playing on top of the monkey bars one day .	I decided to get on the top of the monkey bars .	Eventually , I slipped and landed on my arm .	This caused my arm to break .	I had to go to the hospital .
4	Anna was thrilled to see that she had lost 5 inches from her waist !	Anna was on a strict diet and exercise regime .	She ran every day and never ate junk food .	She followed her plan faithfully for a month .	Then she measured herself eagerly .
2	The driver was upset that he could n't get his neighbor 's attention .	The family decided to take a trip to the beach one hot summer day .	On the car ride there , they passed their neighbors on the road .	He continued to drive , and eventually found a nice spot at the beach .	Low and behold the neighbors parked next to them , excited to see them .
1	His mother hated his father .	When Charles was still a toddler , his parents separated .	His mother got a new boyfriend who did n't like Charles , the baby .	He threw Charles into the deep end of a swimming pool to die .	Charles survived , his mother made her boyfriend dive after her baby .
1	One day , Fred was n't paying attention when cutting a tree .	Fred had a job as a tree cutter .	The tree fell on Fred and he broke his arm .	He had to go to the hospital .	Fred got a cast on his arm but eventually recovered .
3	She was in a lot of pain everyday .	Clara used to be a very active person .	Unfortunately , she developed arthritis as she got older .	Clara was no longer able to do what she used to .	Clara gave up and never got out of bed again .
4	Jake jumped up in surprise and sprained his ankle .	Mom asked Jake to clean out the fridge .	Jake could n't hear his mom because he had earphones on .	His mom did n't know Jake could n't hear her .	She tapped him on the shoulder .
2	When she returned back to the US and she got a raise .	Sarah worked hard .	She worked abroad for a year .	People at her job was jealous .	She did n't care about nothing but the money .
1	It was a lot of hard work , because their tree is artificial .	My roommates put up their Christmas tree this year .	They had to build the tree from pieces .	When it was done , the cat jumped up and knocked it over .	This is what it 's like living with a cat .
0	Alex wanted to go to the forest .	He had a dream telling him he was meant to go there .	He traveled with his friend hector to the forest .	Hector took a wrong turn .	Alex was never able to get to the forest .
2	One of the requirements was for her to cheer in a quiet room .	Tania wanted to be a cheerleader .	She was at the auditions one day .	She tried to , but it felt awkward and did n't sound good .	She did n't end up making the team .
0	I decided I wanted to adopt a cat .	I went to the cat shelter , and one cute cat bit my hand .	I walked away from that cat and played with several others .	I revisited the first cat and she seemed very sweet .	After playing with her for a while , I decided to adopt her after all .
0	Phillip bought a new gun and took it to the firing range .	When he got to the range he realized he forgot his ammo .	Instead of getting his ammo , he bought ammo at the range .	The ammo at the range was very expensive .	Phillip will remember to bring his ammo next time .
1	He did stretches and yoga .	Dan prepared for weeks for the show .	Finally the big night came .	Dan leapt into the air and executed the stag split perfectly .	Dan was proud of himself for getting it right .
0	Kelly and her boyfriend went for a walk on the beach .	They jumped over the waves and had fun .	Then her boyfriend took out a ring box .	Kelly was shocked and in tears .	He ended up proposing
4	We have so much fun playing there !	Our children 's museum has a new superhero exhibit .	The kids get to make superhero capes and masks .	They can fly like superman and climb obstacles .	There is even a zipline .
4	Soon , the dog 's happy owner came to retrieve him .	Nita saw a dog wandering around outside .	She went outside to investigate .	She saw that the dog had a collar and a tag .	Nita called the number on the tag .
4	Tim signed up for 3 months of karate instruction .	Tim is a great athlete .	Tim wanted to do karate to work out .	Tim went to an introductory karate class .	Tim enjoyed his class .
3	It jumped on the farmer 's shoulder .	The farmer pulled out a tulip from the ground .	He took it to the barn to cut it in pieces .	After the tulip was open , a scorpion came out .	He was able to take it out by slapping it .
1	As she began , she had a lot of trouble .	Macy wanted to write a song of her own .	Macy wrote a letter to a talented musician for help .	The musician responded and gave some tips .	Macy confidently tried again .
1	However , there were some problems with the brakes .	Rob had bought a new car .	Rob had to take it to a shop to get it checked out .	After a while , he got an estimate for how much it would cost .	He was really thankful that he had bought the warranty .
3	But , I insisted that we continue to walk .	I decided to take my dog for a walk .	Suddenly , it started to rain .	My dog wanted to go back home .	My dog actually had a lot of fun walking in the rain !
4	The happy puppy ate her food .	The puppy was very hungry , so she checked her food dish .	The food dish was empty .	The puppy barked and whined to get her owner 's attention .	Her owner filled the food dish .
0	I thought about going dancing last weekend !	After picking the venue , I got my clothes together and sat out .	It was n't long before I needed to stop and eat .	I ate at a restaurant called Raffertys .	After dinner we made it to the dance club !
2	They played some water volleyball .	Kim left her house to go to the pool .	She met up with some close friends .	Then Kim went off the high dive .	She ended her pool trip with an ice cream cone .
0	Ira wanted to play tennis .	She asked her sister to show her how .	The girls went to the yard and set up the net .	Then they played slowly and carefully .	Soon Ira was playing as well as her sister !
1	He waited by his computer until the tickets were available .	The tickets went on sale a good two months before the movie opened .	He quickly bought tickets for two different showings .	He knew he would want to see it multiple times .	He was so excited , now he had to wait for it to open !
3	I tried putting it back together and it could n't work .	My eye doctor recommend these pair of glasses for only $ 50 dollars .	After purchasing it , I decided to try them on .	They were good for an instant , until it splits in half .	My doctor ended up looking for a better alternative .
1	He typed at the computer all day .	Tom was a computer engineer	He began feeling pain in his wrists .	He went to the doctor .	He was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome .
3	At the meet , Bobby won all of his matches and earned first place !	Bobby was a really good high school wrestler .	He trained hard and ate good food to get his body in the best shape .	His goal was to win a gold medal at the next meet .	He went home with the gold medal !
4	Refusing to go to the hospital we went inside for dinner .	A few friends and I were looking at Jake 's sword collection .	We started to playfully sword fight each other .	When I blocked Scott 's blade it stabbed into my hand .	Jake ran inside and got some paper towels .
4	I knew not to go back there .	Yesterday I went to the grocery store .	When I got in line to pay I was waiting forever .	It took an hour to get through the line .	It was terrible .
0	Ramona was in her house with her friends having a party .	The girls were having fun when Ramona felt something .	She felt the house start to shake .	The girls immediately took cover .	The quake went away after a few seconds .
2	Curious , she opened the door .	Tia heard a knock on her door .	She peered through the keyhole and saw her neighbor standing there .	Tia 's neighbor handed her some mail that had been wrongly delivered .	Tia smiled , grateful for her kind neighbor !
2	Both of the boys rounded the corner into the den at the same time .	Luke came running down the stairs as fast as he could .	Matt was right behind him .	They slid across the floor on their knees .	Star Trek was on TV and mom had made popcorn !
3	Quincy planned his trip very well and went one summer .	Quincy wanted to travel to Costa Rica .	He started saving for the trip for many years .	Eventually he had enough saved to take the trip .	Quincy was glad for his research , he enjoyed every moment .
1	It was his first birthday and she wanted some nice pictures .	Lauren was taking photos of her son outside .	Suddenly , the camera shut off .	When she turned it on , she got an error message and it would n't work .	She tried her best to fix it but it appeared to be permanently broken .
2	John was upset to see that his whole basement was flooded .	Jake had recently bought a house .	About a week later , there was a hurricane that passed through .	He found out it was going to be a lot of money to repair .	John decided to take out a loan to repair it .
0	My friends got a new dog .	It was really out of control .	They took it to a behavior class .	It was too rowdy and got kicked out .	Now they do n't know what to do about it .
2	We visited the wax museum .	We went to Niagra Falls for our honeymoon in 1981 .	We got onto the boat , wearing raincoats .	We ate out a lot and drank Canadian beer .	We took the train back home to Boston .
4	No one knocked again but he was certain that it was a noise complaint .	Sean was playing with his guitar one night .	Suddenly , he heard a sharp knock at the door .	He quickly stopped making any noise .	Then , he waited for quite awhile .
3	By the time the got to the ferry it was 3:35 .	Kim was visiting New York with a friend .	They decided to visit the Statue of Liberty on Ellis Island .	Kim and her friend wanted to have lunch and then catch a ferry .	From the mainland they watched the 3:30 ferry , the last one that day .
4	It has been a while since we 've done this .	I just want today to be a restful day .	I go visit my friend at her house .	We go for a walk .	We talk about life .
1	She and a friend reserved a court to play .	Val thought it was a perfect day for tennis .	As soon as they started playing , it started to rain .	They decided to go have drinks instead .	It was a great day despite the weather .
2	The family packed their car and got on the road .	Joan and her family heard a hurricane warning on the radio .	The announcer said her town had to evacuate .	The evacuation route was jammed with traffic for hours .	By the time traffic was moving , the hurricane had moved course .
2	Consequently , he failed all of his midterms .	Shawn was a freshman in college .	He skipped all of his lectures .	Shawn realized that he must go to class if he wants to pass .	Shawn started going to class and he passed all of his finals .
2	The pet was a colorful parrot .	Elaine visited her grandmother in a retirement home .	Her grandmother 's roommate had a pet .	The parrot could say many things , and even learned Elaine 's name !	Elaine loved visiting her grandmother and the parrot .
1	She told her mom .	Lilly wanted new shoes .	Her mom told her to wait till friday .	Lilly began to cry .	When friday came Lilly and her mom went to the shoe store .
3	One day the neighbor 's dad came knocking on the door .	Jimmy was 12 when he first noticed his attractive next door neighbor .	She trimmed hedges and the lawn in her swimsuit .	Jimmy would spy on her with his dad 's hunting binoculars .	Jimmy had been caught spying on his daughter !
3	Once inside he tried watching the movie .	Johnny wanted to watch a scary movie .	His parents kept saying he was too young .	He decided to sneak into a theater	It was too scary and he started to cry .
3	Soon , he had a suspect and brought him to the station .	There was a serial killer on the loose in New Orleans .	Detective Brown was determined to find him .	He swept the streets and asked every person he saw .	The suspect confessed and the killer was finally caught .
3	When she did finally fall asleep she , kept waking up .	Robin wanted to go to sleep .	She was exhausted from her cold .	But as she lay in bed she could n't fall asleep .	She was in bed 9 hours and only slept 3 of them .
1	Alas , he was expecting a call from his friend .	Bob 's phone charger broke .	Sure enough , his phone died and he could n't recharge it .	He quickly ran to the store to buy a new charger .	He was able to charge his phone just minutes before his friend called !
2	They came packed in little boxes .	My nephew 's wife works in a bank .	One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers .	I sold them on eBay for $ 600 .	My nephew was amazed .
2	Her parents decided to take her to a French restaurant .	Mary had a very solid idea what French food consisted of .	She thought French food was just frog legs and snails .	Mary protested and though she would hate it .	Mary was surprised to learn French food was very diverse .
3	She was desperate enough to throw coins in a water fountain .	Hannah is really desperate for money .	She needs to pay rent and is behind on her bills .	She has been looking for more work but ca n't find any .	Now she 's even more poor .
2	Reese took the man 's order and then the man left .	Reese was waiting tables at his job at a diner .	A strange man walked in with a suitcase and sat down .	Reese saw that he left his suitcase which was ticking .	His manager called the police and the building was evacuated .
4	She checked the time and realized she had overslept for her exam !	It was a Friday evening , and Janet had been studying all week .	She told herself she needed to have fun , and called her friend , Alex .	The girls went out to a bar on Saturday and a concert on Sunday .	When Monday came around Janet woke up to the sound of her phone .
4	Josh got the babies mixed up .	Josh and Marie just had twins .	They brought them home from the hospital .	Marie was taking a nap .	Josh decided to help by changing diapers .
3	When they were on the road it took forever .	Alison wanted to go to the theme park .	She decided to take all her friends with her .	When her friends got there they started driving .	When they got there Kelly was relieved .
1	Jim invited his friends to come over .	It was the day of the super bowl .	Jim prepared lots of food .	Jim and his friends watched the super bowl .	They enjoyed each other 's company that night .
1	At first he was very nervous .	Mitt was going bungee jumping .	But when he took the plunge , his tension disappeared .	In its place was a wild joy !	Mitt adored the rush of bungee jumping !
4	Ben is now an Air Force drone pilot .	When Ben was little , he played a lot of video games .	He especially like the ones that simulated flight .	Ben knew he wanted to become a pilot .	After high school , Ben joined the Air Force .
2	He jogged on the sidewalk , along a busy street .	Tim wanted to lose weight .	So he decided to go jogging .	He smelled jog but continued for another half hour .	When Time arrived back home , his lungs welt weak .
2	What if the new guy did not like him ?	Omar had been tasked with training the new employee at his company .	He was a little nervous .	But as they worked , Omar realized they two were very alike .	He ended up becoming great friends with his new trainee !
0	I was on the way to the office last week .	All of a sudden I felt huge hunger pains .	I decided to get a quick slice of pizza .	But every place I went to was too busy .	I wound up craving it until lunch .
3	But then she started dancing and having fun .	Ana 's friend convinced her to join a dance class .	At first she was apprehensive .	She thought she would look silly .	Soon all of Ana 's nerves disappeared !
0	Lana went swimming in the ocean .	She was having a great time , until something touched her foot .	She was very upset and ran to the shore , screaming .	When she got out of the water , she realized it was still stuck to her .	She looked down and realized it was only seaweed .
2	He bought an off-brand pair because it was cheap .	Kris wanted to go on a hike .	He decided that he would buy new shoes for the hike .	His shoes broke down in the middle of the hike .	Kris vowed never to buy cheap shoes again .
2	Chris ' parents surprised him with a brand new car .	Chris was a 15 year old high school student .	Chris was looking forward to turning 16 .	Chris loved the car very much .	Chris thanked his parents sincerely and graciously for the car .
4	Once he could n't hear the bell and worked all day long .	James worked at Washington State University .	He was the janitor for the whole of the university grounds .	Every day at noon the bell in the clock tower would ring .	When the bell rang James would take his lunch break .
3	She thought she would n't be able to attend , but then she got a note .	Mel loved boys like any other teenager , but had no boyfriend .	The prom was approaching and no one had asked her .	By the week before , she was dejected .	It was from the quarterback , and it invited her to be his prom date !
0	Derek has had it with dean .	Derek was mad at dean for being mean .	Derek asked dean to fight him .	They fought and Derek won .	Dean did not talk to him again .
0	Cindy was riding home from school on a bus .	And another student offered her a leftover sandwich .	Cindy was hungry and quickly ate it .	But a few minutes later , her stomach began to turn .	Cindy instantly ran out of the bus at its next stop .
2	The captain kept them calm .	The boat was at sea .	The seas got really rough and the crew was nervous .	The storm passed after five hours .	The crew was okay just startled
1	The hairdresser proceeded to cut and dye her hair .	Marcia went to a new hairdresser to get her hair done .	At the end , Marcia looked in the mirror .	She hated how her hair looked .	She immediately went to her old hairdresser to get it fixed .
3	The bank found no evidence to prove it , and let the matter drop .	Harry was promoted to the position of bank manager .	His meticulous approach to his work won him many accolades .	The head office got a tip Harry was embezzling money .	Harry retired soon after to a private island .
1	She did n't know which chore to do first !	Samantha had a lot of chores to do .	Samantha decided to make a to-do list to get herself organized .	Samantha made a to-do list and started on her chores .	Samantha was able to finish all of her chores !
3	He started volunteering at a soup kitchen .	James was a fire chief who wanted to retire to Florida .	He moved to Florida but missed cooking for the fire fighters .	He wanted to cook for a large group again .	The kitchen is always crowded when James makes his Eggplant Parmesan !
0	Every day at camp , the campers would go for a hike in the woods .	One day , they came to a small lake .	They stood at the edge of the lake and yelled `` Hello ! ''	As they waited , they heard an echo come back to them , saying `` Hello ! ''	The campers enjoyed hearing the echo at the lake .
0	Across the grass field I saw a bull .	I looked him in the eyes .	I thought I could outrun him .	I jumped in a took off .	Before I was even halfway he was stomping me to the ground .
3	She set up his computer and arranged his new furniture .	Joan sent her son on a camping trip with the school .	While he was gone , she cleaned out the spare bedroom .	She moved all of his things from the room he shared with his brother .	She opened the door to his new , own , room and yelled , `` Surprise ! ''
4	In the end , Austin 's parents found out did but not get mad at him .	Austin was home alone while his parents were at work .	He was very hungry , but there was no food left in the house !	Austin 's parents told him not to go outside by himself .	Austin decided to bike to the store and get food anyways .
2	His coach told him he could n't hit the golf ball every time .	Andrew tried out for the golf team at school .	He did n't make the team that year .	Andrew spent the next year perfecting his golf swing .	He became amazing and the next year he made the team !
0	Tasha was terrified of the monster under her bed .	Her mother said there was nothing there , but Tasha was still scared .	One night she called for her mother to check under the bed again .	Her mother insisted there was nothing , but Tasha had heard noises .	Her mother got quite a surprise when she saw a rat scurrying !
0	Briana and Jamie were playing outside .	They wanted to go to the general store but only had one bike .	They decided they would try to share .	Briana sat on the seat , and then Jamie climbed onto the back .	This way , they were able to ride their bike to the store .
2	I would tell you what it is but you might steal it .	I have an idea for Fox 's television show called Empire .	My idea will make the show 's producers a lot of money .	I 'm going to write out and send it in .	Watch for me as the new over the top character .
1	Since everyone had nothing on desk , I was confused .	I walked into my math class .	The teacher asked them to take out a scantron and a pencil .	Although I did n't study , I decided to take the test .	I ended up failing .
4	When they were all counted , Pat Buchanan had somehow won .	A city held a special election for a bond initiative .	They wanted to raise money to build a new high school .	On election day , the paltry few interested voters cast their votes .	The ballots proved confusing , however .
4	Bill was ousted as a moderator for his strictness .	Bill became a moderator of a new forum .	Bill had strict rules about content .	People did not notice when the community was small .	When it was large , the community rebelled against Bill .
0	Jane picked up her phone since she got a text .	She freaked out since the text was a threat .	She reported the incident to her school .	Instead of sending police enforcement , they helped me find the bully .	We ended up reaching an agreement .
0	Joe is fifty Year 's old .	He took his blind date Mindy to dinner for their first date .	Joe flirted with the 20 year old waitress the whole time .	Mindy excused herself saying she had to use the restroom .	Mindy never came back and the waitress got a lousy tip .
2	This caused the leash to snap in half !	Yanis was taking his dog for a walk .	The dog saw a squirrel and lunged forward .	Yanis was scared that his dog would run away !	Unfortunately , his dog did indeed run away .
2	He had to use napkins instead .	John needed to use the restroom .	He did n't realize there was no more toilet paper .	That involved waddling to the kitchen .	He made sure to stock up after that .
4	And they got a free refund and a future discount .	Juan and his father were doing yard work outside .	But their lawn mower stopped working .	Juan 's father could n't fix it .	The lawn mower turned out to be defective .
4	She slept warm under her covers that night .	Nicole had no covers for her bed .	She was very cold at night when she slept .	She went to a department store .	Nicole found some covers that she liked .
3	The cookies were delicious and he ate every single one of them .	George made sure his kids were in bed before he went downstairs .	As he got to the downstairs ' table , he saw delicious sugar cookies .	George looked around , and took a bite of the tasty dessert .	He later drank the milk that was there as well .
1	I arrived in class at exactly 8:03 .	The bell rang at exactly 8:01 .	The teacher chewed me out for being late , but I did n't care .	I had more important things on my mind .	I was getting a scholarship to Yale .
2	As Kelly walked into the building she saw some nice girls .	Kelly was nervous to start school because she knew no one .	Everyone else had already made friends .	They came over and said hello .	Kelly then became friends with them .
1	When we were alone waiting in the car for her mom , Ann made a comment .	Ann was my date to our elementary school graduation party .	She said she sure hoped I did n't want to kiss her .	I told her not to worry , as I would n't try anything .	Suddenly she leaped across the car seat and planted a kiss on my lips !
1	It never popped up .	I tried to make toast this morning .	The bread started to burn in the toaster .	I had to unplug it .	Now I need to buy a new toaster .
4	Jason is so happy to have a working pair of headphones .	Jason 's headphones have n't worked for many weeks .	He has been commuting to and from work without any music .	Finally he heads to the store to buy a new pair of headphones .	Now his commute is much more pleasant .
1	He wanted to go out to play .	The puppy scratched at the door .	A man opened the door for the puppy .	The puppy ran outside .	The puppy looked very happy as it ran in the yard .
3	He even figured out a way to put in a skylight and windows .	Isabel had always wanted her own clubhouse .	One summer , her dad decided to build her one in the backyard .	Although he was no carpenter , he tried so hard to make it special .	Isabel remembered his loving effort for the rest of her life .
3	Finally the first firework exploded into the air .	For 4th of July Jennie 's parents were taking her to fireworks .	She had never been to a real display before .	She was very excited as darkness fell .	She was surprised at how loud it was !
0	John was struggling in his Calculus class .	He needed to get an A on his final exam to pass the class .	John spent the weeks before the exam studying all day long .	After finally taking the exam , John was sure he bombed it .	The professor passed back the tests , and John smiled as he saw an A .
4	It was cheaper to buy a new computer instead so I did .	This morning my computer was acting funny .	I ran a few programs but they did not fix the problem .	I took it into the shop to get looked at .	The computer had a virus and the repairs would be costly .
4	Eva really enjoyed eating her home grown corn !	Eva planted some corn .	She tended it in her garden all summer .	It grew tall and strong !	Then it came time to harvest the corn .
0	My grandmother 's doctor had an accent she could n't understand .	My grandmother stopped trying to talk to her doctor .	The doctor missed warning signs which she attributed to old age .	My grandmother had a rare uterine cancer that went undetected .	By the time the cancer was diagnosed , my grandmother needed hospice .
0	When Bruce got home from school he turned on the radio and sang along .	He thought he was alone but his mother was listening in the next room .	At the end of the song there was a pause and he heard her cheer .	Bruce sang an encore performance for his mother .	The mother was proud of her musical son .
4	Gordy thought that was a terrible excuse for being a jerk .	Bobby Sue insulted Gordy 's beard .	Gordy took it personally .	He decided to shave his beard off .	Bobby Sue later told him she was just kidding .
1	Her children cried about having to put their favorite ornaments away .	After Christmas Susan decided to take down the Christmas tree .	Susan did n't want to break their hearts so she came up with a plan .	She put the Christmas decor away and gave the children paper hearts .	The children jumped for joy while decorating their Valentine tree .
3	Alexis could n't believe the amazing taste .	Alexis was in for a surprise when she purchased pb2 peanut butter .	The peanut butter was in powdered form so she just added water .	As she began to taste it , her taste buds exploded .	She immediately went off to tell all her friends .
3	He buys 10 bags in total .	Fred goes to a candy store .	He does n't know what to get	Too many candies look attractive .	Hill wallet is empty now .
2	But Tammy did n't remember .	Gina 's friend Tami had a colorful new folder .	Gina asked where she got it .	She would have to check with her mom and get back to her .	It was hard , but Gina had to be patient .
1	When he looked down , he found a wallet on the floor .	Vito took a seat near the back of the bus .	Inside there were credit cards and $ 200 in cash .	Vito decided to take it directly to the police station .	He left feeling really good about himself .
1	If he saw a penny on the ground he did n't always pick it up .	Emily 's grandfather often did something strange .	Finally Emily asked him why .	He explained that a penny was only lucky if it was heads up .	If it was tails up , he 'd leave it where it was .
1	The guitar was a special order to be delivered by Federal Express .	I ordered a guitar online on January 15th from a Luthier .	It was insured and I needed to be home to sign for it .	I waited for my new instrument and did not leave my house that day .	I was so delighted my guitar was delivered that January afternoon !
0	We have a bus stop in front of our building .	One day two women sat on the bench waiting for the bus .	The bus stop was fifty feet away from them .	The bus passed right by the stop as no passengers were seen waiting .	The women laughed it off and decided to walk .
3	At first she was unsteady on the roller blades .	Amy bought a new pair of rollerblades .	She had n't ridden roller blades since she was a kid .	At the park Amy nervously laced up her blades and stood up .	It was n't long before Amy was off and going on her roller blades .
4	I should have been mad but it was the best day ever .	My three girlfriends and I went out on the lake in our canoe .	A boy that I like saw us and swam out to our boat .	I should have expected it when he tipped us over .	He swam back to shore leaving us to tip it back up .
3	Luckily , her friend offered to lend her a hair pin .	Sarah was getting ready for her wedding .	She and her friends were working on finishing touches .	She realized that she did n't have anything borrowed .	She put it into her hair and then left to get married .
1	He would sit by his creepy bed .	Bill was a creepy guy .	In his creepy house .	Right next to his creepy dog .	Bill kept on being creepy his whole life .
4	Lenny now shares his sandwich passion with thousands of people .	Lenny likes sandwiches .	Lenny set out to make the perfect sandwich .	Lenny decided to sell his sandwiches in a small shop .	Lenny developed his business and expanded .
1	This was her first whale watching trip and she had waited all summer .	Kathy waited patiently on the boat , she was very excited .	When the boat anchored in , the water was still and no whales appeared .	Finally the captain made a motion for everyone to look to the horizon .	A large blue whale breached the water before Kathy 's eyes .
0	Jeff was a fireman who was upset that there were n't any fires .	He walked through town and handed out matches to all the kids he saw .	Be the time he got back to the station there were 3 calls about fires .	Jeff was very excited that his evil plan had paid off .	The next day he decided that he will hand out lighters too .
1	She had to be hospitalized .	Ava had a miscarriage .	They monitored her temperature for a few days .	After a while , they pronounced her healthy .	Ava was glad to get to go home finally !
3	She stumbled over her first few words .	Ronda was excited to do the morning announcements .	She had never had much responsibility before .	When she started to talk she was a bit nervous .	Eventually she got more comfortable and did a good job .
2	Tom must give up his french fries and lose weight .	Tom loves french fries and eats them for dinner every night .	One day , Tom notices that his pants are very tight .	He works very hard and is successful .	Tom misses his fries , but is happy that his pants fit .
2	The school was on a lockdown .	Jenny was in class .	Suddenly , there was an announcement .	The kids sat quietly , and waited .	In the end , it was a false alarm .
4	But the process of cleaning the dust made Jen 's cough worse .	Jen was constantly coughing .	But she was n't sure why .	Her mother noticed that there was lots of dust in her room .	So Jen used a duster to clean as much of it as she could .
0	Ed put a dog door in so his dogs could go out by themselves .	He had a fenced in yard so there was no chance they 'd run off .	One morning he sat down to have a bowl of cereal .	He noticed a big fat racoon eating out of the dog bowl .	It had come through the dog door .
2	I also put songs I knew she liked .	I made a music playlist for my friend , who was depressed .	I filled it with music that reminded me of her .	When she got the playlist , she was very happy .	It cheered her up to know I had thought of her when I made it .
2	Many of my friends posted theirs .	Facebook just showed me my year in review .	I was not interested in posting it .	I thought it was ok .	I just did not like the idea of being manipulated .
4	I wanted to call after her but did n't .	I did n't want to break up with my girlfriend .	When she mentioned it I was shocked .	I wanted to stand my ground and agreed .	She paused and left .
2	Just before Thanksgiving he begged her to stay with him .	Johnny owned a home and wanted to take in his mother .	But she insisted on living in a shelter .	She said she was independent and would make her own way .	On Thanksgiving day , Johnny helped serve the people in that shelter .
2	She buys him a bag of gummy worms .	Richard was always scared of worms .	His girlfriend Suzy knows this .	After placing them in a bag , she asks him to reach inside .	Richard faints .
0	Sam was running for president .	He started getting a following .	He went to all of the on the fence states .	He won the democratic debate .	He ended up being president .
3	He broke his ankle and had to have surgery on his back .	Cameron decided to go rock climbing with his friends .	He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before	He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground .	Next time he goes climbing , he is using a harness .
2	Gina did n't know where the key was .	Gina 's mom called her into the living room .	She questioned Gina about losing her key .	But she was n't about to tell her mother that .	She made up a lie about leaving it as school and walked away .
4	Jane was n't allowed to jump on the trampoline until she recovered .	Jane loved jumping on the trampoline in her backyard .	She especially loved doing tricks on it .	One day she tried jumping onto it from the roof .	She misjudged the jump and and twisted her ankle on the outer rim .
4	She cleaned it up and felt embarrassed and hungry all day .	Jackie decided to take her leftovers to work for lunch .	While on her lunch break , she put the food in the microwave .	She started the timer but forgot to cover it .	When she came back , the microwave was covered with food .
1	Ray smiled and tried to start a conversation .	Amy took her seat in class next to Ray like any other day .	Amy ignored him and continued to look forward .	He was clearly taken a back .	Ray did n't say anything to Amy for the rest of the day .
0	I was using my laptop one day to do work .	I began to get thirsty so I got up for water .	When I returned with my cup , I took a sip and sat down .	When I put down the water cup , it spilled all over my laptop .	After cleaning the mess , I noticed that my laptop didnt work .
1	He taxied to his hotel and checked in .	Neil 's train arrived in Burundi .	Then he set off on foot to explore the African land .	He met so many friendly locals .	Neil decided Burundi had the friendliest people on earth !
3	Several days later she got the money for the gum .	Rachel really wanted a stick of gum .	But she did n't have a quarter to buy some .	So she wrote a story for 23 cents .	The gum was all the sweeter for the long wait .
1	Not wanting to be sent to bed , she quickly covered her mouth .	It was bedtime for Malia and she was yawning .	Mom saw the yawn and the cover-up and smiled .	Mom patter Malia 's head and kissed her , a sure sign it was bedtime .	Mom tucked Malia in and she was fast asleep in moments .
4	Ken 's team wins the tournament .	Ken plays hockey .	On Saturday , Ken 's team is in a tournament .	Ken has been practicing all week .	The game comes and Ken blocks all the other team 's goals .
0	Mac invited Jessie to the movies with him .	Both teenagers were shy but sweet .	To Mac 's surprise , Jessie agreed to a date .	During the movie , and then at dinner , they chatted nonstop .	At the end of the night , Jessie asked him for a second date !
3	I spent a week working on a nice logo .	I was reading the newspaper one day .	I saw that there was a competition for a magazine logo .	I called the number on the ad and entered my name .	After sending it in , the company responded and accepted my logo .
1	He wanted to have friends over and play football on the weekends .	Jake just moved into his new house .	So he asked his neighbors if that was ok .	One neighbor said yes , and the other one yelled at him and said no !	Zach regrets moving to this neighborhood .
4	The family moved out of the house they had .	My sister in law 's brother had polio .	He was born healthy .	When he was a baby his mother noticed his legs were not kicking .	They took him to the hospital and he was diagnosed with polio .
1	The man opened the back door of his apartment .	The man moved to Iowa .	He threw out a bucket of water onto the steps .	The water turned into a ramp of ice over the back porch .	He guessed it must be thirty degrees below zero outside .
4	Bob definitely became more proficient in math .	Bob has always had problems with math in school .	Bob has gone to tutoring for years .	This did not help him at all .	Bob eventually bought a special computer program to teach him math .
2	Jim saw that his front steps were covered in ice .	The weather turned cold and foul by Jim 's house .	There was icy rain and the wind blew hard .	He took some salt from his garage and spread it on the steps .	The ice melted a little so Jim added even more salt .
0	Dan was setting up all his dominoes .	He lined them up all over the house .	Then he carefully knocked over the first one .	The whole sequence of dominoes toppled over .	Dan was thrilled with his crafty work !
3	Her mom agreed and Lucy took a Friday off of work .	Lucy really needs a vacation .	She works two jobs and has two kids .	She asked her mom if she would watch the kids for a weekend .	Lucy spent a nice three day weekend at a hotel by herself .
3	Conrad petted the cows as he figured out how to get home .	Conrad rented a hot air balloon for the afternoon .	The winds carried him further than he expected .	The balloon landed in a cow pasture 25 miles away .	For the moment he was content just being with the cows .
0	Karen wanted to meet a man .	She asked her friends and they did n't know anyone .	One day she met Andy at the grocery store .	They became good friends and started dating .	After dating for a year karen married Andy .
4	All it ended up doing was hurting his back .	Paul was a very tall man .	When he walked down the street people stared at him .	Paul did not like being looked at like a freak .	He tried to hunch over to make himself look smaller .
0	My nephew warned the doctors he is a carrier of Factor V Leiden .	The doctors need to know in case his daughter carries the gene .	Even though the doctors were fully warned about this .	They put my niece through a bad labor instead of doing a c section .	Two days after my beautiful niece was born , she had a stroke .
3	Mom likes to go out on Fridays because it 's been a long week .	Our family decided to start saving money .	We spend too much going out to eat every week .	Mom planned on making more meals ahead of time .	The family likes homemade meals , but likes to go out also .
2	He tended to his plants every day .	Billy did n't like vegetables .	Over the summer his mom had him grow a little garden .	Finally he had carrots , beans and broccoli .	He realized vegetables tasted better when you grew them yourself .
4	Sean was thrilled and thanked the man .	Sean had just done his first job making music .	He was really proud of himself and excited about the pay .	One day , he checked his email .	He saw that the client had sent him a bonus tip of one hundred dollars
2	But the new boy had n't been bullied .	Gina had been bullied during recess .	She had hoped the bully would pick on the new boy in her class .	Gina realized it was wrong to wish bad things on other people .	She knew that was why she had been the victim , and not the new boy
0	Milly was playing with her jack in the box .	She always startled when jack jumped up .	This time she actually screamed when he popped out .	Her brother had put a scary looking mask on him .	She never played with that toy again .
3	One was a little pink dress and the other was a pair of overalls .	Samantha 's mother had promised to take her to the mall today .	At the mall Samantha was allowed to choose a brand new outfit .	She narrowed her selection down to two outfits .	She chose the pink dress and wore her brand new outfit the same day .
0	I saw a pretty girl in the university library .	I quickly scribbled out a poem by Keats I had memorized .	I walked by the girl 's table and slipped her the paper with the poem .	I kept walking because I was so nervous .	I circled back around to the table to find her gone .
1	Ann soon became bored , and wanted to do something to help others .	Ann retired and was able to stay home all day and relax .	She decided to volunteer for a organization in need .	She looked at a lot of different non-profit organizations .	She picked a local animal rescue to volunteer at , and helped them .
4	Soon he was an excellent shot !	John was shooting in target practice .	He aimed steadily , but his arrows always missed .	His instructor told him to practice more .	John complied , practicing often .
3	He picked out a new bike .	Greg wanted to get his bicycle fixed .	The bike technician fixed it but told him he should buy a new one .	He decided he would .	He rode out with it and trashed the old one .
2	She got sick and could not play for three weeks .	Frankie loved tennis .	She was the star of her team .	She worked hard to get her game back .	She eventually won the school tournament .
1	A customer sent a bike into the shop for repair .	A young man worked as an apprentice at a bicycle shop .	The young boy repaired the bike .	Other workers laughed at him for doing redundant work .	He got a job , after the boss noticed what great work he did .
2	He did not hear anything as wolves snuck up behind him .	Gio was hunting in the woods .	He was seeking deer .	But soon he was surrounded !	He had to scale a tree until they left .
0	Patrick always wanted a motorcycle .	One year he decided to work 4 jobs and save the money .	Then he was able to find a bike 500 miles away for a great price .	So he drove his truck down and bought it with cash .	He now rides with a smile every single day .
4	He was grounded for a whole month !	My brother was mad at me .	He waited till I was hanging upside from a tree branch .	He smacked me in the head with a broom and made me fall .	I had a really bad bump from the fall on my head .
0	Dan 's well water was sort of yucky .	It had lots of iron and other sediment in it .	Worse it was red and off putting .	Dan bought a Berkey filter system for his counter .	Now he can drink his own well water .
0	Simon liked watching the big kids skateboard .	He asked his parents to buy him a skateboard for his birthday .	Simon 's parent 's thought skateboards were dangerous .	For his birthday , they bought him a Razor scooter .	When Simon unwrapped his present , he cried .
2	He chewed on the slipper and fought with it .	The puppy growled as ferociously as it could .	Picking up the slipper , the puppy slobbered all over it .	Finally the slipper was reduced to shreds .	The puppy guiltily brought the slipper to his human .
1	She was very nervous about flying in a plane .	Lisa was going on her first plane ride to visit some cousins .	She had her eyes shut tight when the plane took off .	Before she knew it she was in the air .	She realized there was n't really anything to be afraid of .
0	Gina came home to find a moving truck in the driveway .	She stopped in her tracks .	Gina did n't want to move again .	She walked to the house slowly .	She was thinking the whole time how she would miss her friends .
2	She was anxious and she tossed and turned for hours .	Amy 's flight was at 5AM .	She decided to go to sleep early and laid down at 9PM .	When it seemed as if she had just fallen off to sleep the alarm rang .	Amy sat up unable to believe it was already time to leave .
4	In the end , he was on time to work and the man brought him a donut .	Last week , Kevin had a blessing in disguise .	His car broke down on the side of the road .	A man pulled over to try to help him .	He ended up getting towed .
0	The family decided to have a picnic .	Mother made some turkey sandwiches .	She gathered chips and punch and added them .	Finally , she added some fresh cookies for dessert .	Then they grabbed their basket and headed off for a picnic .
1	She really wanted to teach him .	Karen 's dog did n't know any tricks .	She started teaching him to fetch .	It took lots of practice .	He soon learned how to fetch really well !
3	He burped very loud at the end .	Shay was on a dinner date .	He was very hungry .	Shay ate his dinner very fast .	His date left disgusted !
4	Then they decided it was better to share the soda .	Ben found a soda on the ground .	Jake grabbed it first .	They argued about who it belonged to .	They were very mad .
2	I was embarrassed to I just picked a cream at random .	I walked down the pharmacy aisle trying to find the right itch cream .	The lady at the counter asked if I needed help but I declined .	The cashier rang me up and stared deeply into my eyes .	I ran out of there and wondered why everyone was looking at me .
0	Kenny listened to music on the internet .	He let the program pick the music for him .	It picked a song he had never heard before .	He listened to it , and found that he loved it .	Now he listens to the song every day .
3	Beans offered healthy protein too , and they were cheap !	Anna had five kids to feed .	She was on a tight budget .	Meat was scarce , but then she found a solution .	Anna 's kids soon ate beans with every meal .
3	He then took off .	My husband and I went to a park by Puget Sound yesterday .	A bald eagle flew over the top of us while we were there .	He landed in a tree and sat looking at the Sound .	We watched him for several minutes as he circled above the Sound .
4	Friday , the communications chair announced me as reporter of the week .	As a college senior on the campus paper , I won reporter of the week .	My broadcast teacher leaked classified information in class .	I verified with the dean of communications that the info was true .	I wrote the story , but faculty thought I tapped email addresses .
2	Tom abandons his job at the middle of his shift .	Tom 's girlfriend Katie gets him a job at the restaurant she works at .	Tom has a panic attack .	Katie 's boss fires Tom .	Tom 's lack of commitment threatens his relationship with Katie .
3	When he came over , he was amazing .	Rita got a new piano the other day .	She thought it would be a good background .	Little did she knew her boyfriend would be so good at it .	He shocked the entire room .
2	One day , Carrie saw a small crab on the beach .	Carrie loved to go to the beach and feed the birds .	The birds became very friendly with Carrie .	Carrie decided to also feed the friendly crab as well .	Now , Carrie loves feeding birds and crabs at the beach .
1	Prom is scheduled the night before their Championship meet .	Beth is one of the best runners on her track team .	Beth decides to go to the prom and a party , so she is out very late .	She barely makes it in time for her race and does very poorly .	Beth regrets not being more focused and letting her team down .
0	John loved hot air balloons .	He noticed a flyer advertising a local hot air balloon festival .	A few days later he went to the festival .	There was probably 100 hot air balloons there !	John had a really great time .
2	My girlfriend loves horror movies .	I love to watch comedies .	They are my favorite type of movie .	We always fight on what to watch when we go out .	We compromise now and each take turns picking the movies we see .
1	He heard a loud yip as she ran back towards him .	Henry 's dog ran off after something .	There were long needles sticking out of her snout .	She had met up with a porcupine .	She stayed close to home for quite some time after that .
4	The captain told him he had done a wonderful job !	Matt wanted to be on the swim team .	He went to the lake every night to swim .	He practiced his strokes and moves .	Then he tried out for the swim team .
1	They started getting cranky .	The bandmates were in the van for a tour	They started yelling and arguing .	The band manager was there and settled it down .	Everyone was fine after
0	Tim was making soup .	He did not know what to add .	He put in random spices from his cabinet .	However a mouse jumped into the soup .	It turns out the mouse gave the soup perfect flavor .
2	She could n't remember what it was , though .	Madison had a song stuck in her head .	All day she found herself humming the tune .	She looked up the lyrics .	Finally she found the song .
4	They chatted for a few minutes - and then she asked him out !	Al wanted to go to his friend 's party to find a girl to date .	But his dad insisted he stay home to mow the lawn instead !	Angrily , Al went out front and began to mow .	He was interrupted by a pretty classmate , out walking her dog .
4	Amanda was shocked when she unwrapped the gift and saw what they were .	Amanda really wanted to go the hockey game .	She looked for tickets but saw that they were expensive .	Amanda 's boyfriend knew about this and decided he wanted to help .	He went and bought the tickets for her Christmas gift .
2	Jim decided to skip class and take a nap .	Jim had a class coming up in an hour .	He was very tired from his run .	It was a test day .	Jim flunked his class .
1	They were having problems starting the fire .	The Boy Scouts were camping in the forest .	One of the Scouts was an Eagle Scout .	Everyone decided he should start the fire .	He started the fire , but was only allowed one match .
3	She still needed to do the second coat .	Sally was painting her bedroom .	She had just finished the first coat .	She was looking at the paint and saw that it was running low .	Finally , she decided she would need to buy more .
1	He saved his allowance for several weeks to pay for driving school .	Jeff wanted to learn how to drive .	He worked extra shifts at his job to eventually afford a car .	When Jeff finally got the money , he continued to pursue his goal .	Jeff loves driving in his new car with his new license .
0	Arnold was a healthy young man but he did have on problem .	Arnold was really skinny for his height .	Arnold tired eating more than usual but he could n't gain weight .	Arnold went to the doctor who told him there was nothing wrong at all .	In the end Arnold accepted who he was and was comfortable his weight .
3	As he fell , he felt something in his back pocket bump him .	Kim and Eric were headed out to a fancy party one night .	Upon arrival , Eric realized he had left his wallet in the car .	As he went back to the car , he slipped on a patch of ice .	He had his wallet on him the entire time .
1	She realized that there was a hole in her tent .	Tara was camping by herself in the woods .	A bird must have made a hole there while she was sleeping .	Tara quickly grabbed some duct tape from her bag .	She was able to successfully tap the hole shut .
2	Audrey 's husband jumped the car for her .	Audrey went out in the morning to start the car before work .	The made a clicking sound and would n't start .	Audrey drove to work without a problem .	After work , Audrey needed a jump to start the car again .
2	When she graduated she applied for America 's Next Top Model .	Samantha was always the prettiest girl in school .	She really wanted to be a model .	She was excited to hear that they accepted her for the show .	Samantha ended up winning America 's Next Top Model .
0	Last summer my family went to a water park resort in April .	We were so excited about the trip .	Unfortunately two of my siblings got the stomach flu .	We spent the whole time in our hotel rooms caring for the sick ones .	It was the worst time to catch a stomach bug .
4	To her delight , she made the team !	Jana wanted to wrestle .	But there was no girls ' wrestling team at her school .	She had to try out for the boys ' team !	She gave it her best effort .
3	She was really excited and used it that day .	Madison was at the gas station .	She was buying a snack .	Suddenly , the guy said that she had won a free gas card .	Now she was able to afford to treat herself .
2	Pete felt destroyed by the rejection .	Pete fell in love with a girl .	The girl broke up with Pete .	Pete finally met someone new .	Pete never quite recovered from that girl though .
4	John became sad .	John was eating dinner .	He dropped his phone .	He reached down to pick it up .	He saw that the phone was now broken .
0	Jose wanted to take his crush to the prom .	Unfortunately someone else had already asked her .	Jose was heartbroken .	His friends all invited him to go stag with them instead .	Jose had a great time at the prom with his friends .
0	We decided we wanted to go to a concert .	We searched the papers for a good band to listen too .	We found one in a neighboring city !	Soon , we were on the road .	It did n't take long for us to get there at all !
3	The zookeepers managed to calm the bear down .	Sam was trying to pet the bear .	All of the sudden , the bear got excited .	It ran towards Sam and attacked her .	Sam had to go to the clinic to clean her wounds .
2	But later that night , her husband got very sick !	Tia made pork steaks for dinner .	She knew her husband liked his steak rare , so she made it rare .	Tia did n't know that pork must be fully cooked before consumption .	She had accidentally made her husband sick !
4	He took his life one cold September morning .	Sam got a payday loan .	He had no way of paying it back .	Eventually collection agencies were after him .	He could n't get a job or apartment .
1	His friend Rob had been bragging after he had done so .	Alex wanted to save the Princess in Super Mario brothers .	Alex decided he would play all weekend to beat the game .	After 4 hours his mother made him turn the game off. ,	He was forced to go outside and get some exercise .
1	She bought flowers and seeds from the local nursery .	Mrs Jones decided to start a garden .	Mrs Jones spent two days planting her flowers and seeds .	Everyday she cared for her garden .	It grew into the most beautiful garden in the neighborhood .
4	When he washed it out , Lou was surprised to see his hair orange !	Lou wanted to try a new hair color .	Girls did it all the time , so why could n't he ?	He chose to go from dark brown to bleach blonde .	He let the bleach sit for a long while .
1	It had taken him nearly two days to install the skylight .	John was just about done with the installation .	He was on the roof with a water hose in his hand .	He turned on the hose as he crossed his fingers for luck .	A smile spread on his face as the kitchen remained dry .
3	Kevin took a plane to go see her .	Kevin wrote letters everyday to his girlfriend .	His girlfriend always wrote back .	One day she wrote that she was in danger .	It turned out she was really planning the best surprise party ever .
1	He thought it was very boring .	Jay was watching golf .	He could barely understand the game .	Tim explained the rules to Jay .	After that Jay found golf interesting .
0	Billy was very tired when he woke up .	He drudged through his morning routine .	Billy stopped for coffee on his way to work .	The coffee energized him .	Billy was ready to tackle the work day .
0	Jenny hated spiders .	She found one in the bathroom .	She screamed and ran out .	Jenny 's boyfriend ran to see what the problem was .	Jenny got him to get rid of the spider .
0	Charles was a good football player in high school .	Around graduation , he bragged about going pro .	First he went to San Diego State University and played football .	He lasted one practice and then he lasted two weeks in junior college .	Charles was a washed-up football player and never graduated college .
2	They won their game .	The high school baseball team was leading the north district .	They had one more game to win to go to State .	At State , they were up in the 9th inning .	The team won the State playoffs .
0	Mark did n't think his profession would interfere with his friendship .	But his perception changed when he represented his friend in court .	Mark told the judge his client was a good person .	The judge still recommended time in jail .	Mark 's friend said Mark should have convinced the judge .
4	This is how I became addicted to laundry detergent brands .	I washed my clothes in a different laundry detergent today .	The feel was different at first , but I got used to it .	The next time I tried another different brand .	I loved the thrill of a new brand this time too .
3	Katie confronted Mary about her behavior .	Katie had grown up with her best friend , Mary .	They did everything together .	In college Mary began to party and get drunk every night .	Mary got mad and blocked Katie 's number , never speaking to her again .
0	Jane was teaching her daughter .	It was basic math .	She could n't figure out how to count .	Eventually Jane got too frustrated .	She had to stop and take a long break .
2	Her head was bleeding and she could not remember her name .	Opening her eyes , the girl saw she was in a cave .	It was wet , cold and dark .	She heard a strange noise and saw a bright light .	The rescue team had found her .
3	He scratched off a $ 250,000 winner .	Robert plays the lottery scratch off tickets every single day .	He has won some money , but lost some too .	One day he hit his biggest winnings yet .	This has only convinced him to play more often .
4	Now they have a comfortable chair in their den .	Tia and Jin went furniture shopping .	They went to a lot of different stores , but nothing stood out to them .	Finally , in the last store they went to , they found the perfect chair .	They bought it and took it home .
2	One day we were messing around and accidentally played the sound fast .	Humpback whales are huge !	My friend has a recording of the sound they make under the water .	It sounded exactly like a whole bunch of birds chirping and singing .	I wonder if the birds would sound like whales if you slowed them down .
1	She hiked , fished , and even hunted whenever she got the chance .	Liz was a lover of the outdoors .	When walking in the woods one day , she came across a wounded bird .	She quickly scooped up the bird and brought it back to her house .	Liz was able to nurse the small bird back to health and release it .
1	Gina searched the cupboard looking for chips , but saw none .	Gina wanted to eat chips with her sandwich .	She decided she better ask her grandma where to find them .	It turns out her grandma did n't buy snacks .	Gina was disappointed she had to eat her sandwich without chips .
0	Bret decided to bake his own bread .	He mixed the dough carefully .	But when he pulled the bread out of the oven , he frowned .	The bread had not risen !	Bret realized he had forgotten the yeast !
4	She played so well , she got a solo in the school concert !	Laura wanted to play the harp .	She signed up for lessons in school .	At first it was very difficult to learn .	But soon she was playing wonderfully .
1	She helped them set up a lemonade stand .	Teresa 's two kids decided they wanted to make some money .	It was a hot summer day and the stand became busy .	Later , Teresa 's kids ran into the house happy and excited .	She was shocked to find that her kids had made a hundred dollars !
2	He noticed he was being followed , by who or what , he did n't know .	The man wore a fedora and a trench coat .	He wandered through the barren streets of Chicago at night .	He turned around and drew his weapon .	It was just a cat scrounging for food .
2	Suddenly , she saw that she was going to hit a car .	Elizabeth was driving on the freeway .	She was a bit distracted by her phone .	She swerved to miss it and was barely able to maintain control .	Luckily , she narrowly missed a bad accident .
0	Sam needed new tires for his car .	He kept procrastinating on getting them .	One day it was raining out and Sam tried to stop .	He slid and hit a pole .	It convinced him to change his tired immediately .
0	Sue was supposed to bring a dish to a potluck supper .	She made a cheap dish with macaroni to avoid spending extra .	Sue snuck the dish onto the table when no one was looking .	When someone commented on her casserole , Sue did n't claim it .	Afterward , Sue went home without even waiting to get her dish .
1	To her surprise however she came across a celebrity sighting .	Lulu was walking her dog in New York City yesterday .	She could n't believe her eyes .	She saw Kendall Jenner .	Luckily Kendall was nice and took a photo .
0	Sam was playing football with Mike .	But the football got stuck in a tree .	Mike said the tree was too dangerous to climb .	But Sam did it anyway .	As Sam almost reached the ball , the branch he was standing on broke .
0	Bob traveled to 50 different beaches .	At each beach he collected sand .	When he got home he put the same in smaller bottles .	Bob sold the exotic sand collections online .	He made a fortune over the years doing this .
4	Amy had no clue how she was ever going to survive this day .	Amy 's coffee buzz had worn off and she was crashing hard .	She felt no better after lunch .	In fact she may have felt worse .	She lay her head on the table until the bell rang .
4	She was pretty happy with her final decision , though .	Brianna was applying to colleges .	She had a list of ten that she applied to .	When she got her decisions , she got accepted to only four of them .	Brianna was pretty upset about this for a week .
1	She gets up an hour before me and always takes long showers .	My roommate always uses all the hot water .	I have been taking cold showers before work for a year now .	I nicely asked her to hurry up in the shower .	She she she would be better and the very next day she was .
4	A Hawaiian resort had a great vacation special , so she chose them !	Amy worked hard to save money for a vacation .	She finally had enough saved for a nice vacation .	She looked at lots of vacation brochures .	It was hard to decide on a vacation that was within her budget .
2	The doctor told Jack to go to the emergency room instead .	Jack had been experiencing stomach pain all day .	He called his doctor to schedule a check-up .	An ultrasound showed that Jack had appendicitis .	Jack was admitted to the hospital and had his appendix removed .
4	The model was taped on the refrigerator , but only from the neck down .	Mark hung up a racy poster of a lingerie model in his room .	Mark 's mom saw the poster while putting his laundry away .	She decided she would teach Mark something about how to view women .	The next morning Mark slouched into the kitchen for breakfast .
3	Finally , another neighbor who was a lawyer read the regulations .	The new neighbor in the townhome association was unusual .	He painted his townhouse a garish neon yellow color !	Everyone hated it but did n't know what to do .	Everyone was relieved that his bright color was against the rules !
0	Lucy decided to watch a scary movie	She was skeptical that it would be scary enough .	Yet when she turned it on she frightened .	She decided to turn it off .	That was enough for her .
0	Jessica had just had her baby .	He was a hefty baby and a lot of the stuff she had was too small .	She decided to donate it to someone .	She found a charity for young moms and brought it to them .	They thanked her and she felt great .
4	She ended up just getting enough points to pass it .	Lindsey had IT certification tests coming up .	She took practice exams and studied every day .	Lindsay passed her first three certifications with ease .	Her fourth one she was worried about .
4	That summer was one of secrets , games and adventures because of CHAMP .	There were five of us that summer , and we decided to start a club .	Our names were Chere , Heather , Adrienne , MiMi and Paula .	It seemed only natural to use our first letters and go with `` CHAMP . ''	CHAMP met daily in a tree house in an oak tree in the woods nearby .
1	He was tired of having to be so cautious because of his allergies .	Cruz was allergic to many things .	His mom began taking him to get allergy shots .	The shots made Cruz resistant to his allergies .	He was a much happier kid because of the shots .
2	Finally she saw one she liked .	Yesterday Kelly took some selfies .	She wanted to find the right ones to post .	But then she saw it actually had a flaw .	Kelly has no good ones to post .
0	Jessica went to a pool party .	There was drinks and food and good music .	She enjoyed swimming and eating lunch with her friends .	At the end of the party , everyone said goodbye and gave hugs .	The pool party was a success .
1	She sleeps in the corner .	Our cat Tibby likes to sleep on our bed at night .	She is big , and makes it hard for one of us to stretch out .	My wife put pillows in the corners , forcing Tibby into the middle .	Now we can all sleep better .
4	My room was sparkling clean .	My room was a mess .	I picked my clothes off the ground .	I made my bed .	I vacuumed the floors .
0	Sam had really bad pain in his wrists .	He was developing carpal tunnel syndrome from his computer use .	Sam purchased a trackball style mouse and wrist-rest for his keyboard .	He also stopped slouching over in his chair .	The pain in his wrists eventually went away with his improved habits .
3	She looked around and no one else seemed affected by the cold .	It was 20 degrees on a February afternoon .	Gina stood in a black dress , and black stockings at a grave .	When the wind blew she wished she were in pants .	Gina tried to ignore her cold legs the rest of the time she was there .
4	Jeff left my life and I have n't seen him since .	When I was 15 , I had an imaginary friend .	My imaginary friend was named Jeff .	Jeff was always with me , even if he was imaginary .	When I was 16 , I no longer needed an imaginary friend .
2	So , I never expected to actually get one as a gift .	Last Christmas I really wanted a new phone .	However they were really expensive .	On Christmas day , I was pleasantly shocked .	It turned out my boyfriend got me the phone .
0	Kim could n't find her car in the garage .	She was sure she was on the right floor .	She went around pressing her keys and listening .	Eventually she tried a different floor .	She heard a chirp and followed the sound to her car .
1	They just could n't get the harmonies right in one of their songs .	A band called Tomorrow 's Sunrise was practicing for a gig .	No matter what they did , it just sounded wrong .	They checked the equipment and nothing was amiss .	It turned out that one of the vocalists was hiding laryngitis .
0	Yesterday was Easter .	On Easter Carter went to his friends house .	Carter 's friend threw a party .	The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies .	Carter loved the party .
3	During the speech she threw up in her mouth .	Carol had to give a speech to the board of directors .	She was very nervous about it .	A promotion was on the line .	She swallowed it and barely finished the speech .
0	Caden went outside with his daddy .	He was n't paying attention to what he was doing .	He ran his hand on a piece of metal .	The metal cut his thumb deep .	Zaiden had to go get stitches .
0	Yesterday I had to go grocery shopping .	When it was time to check out I got in line .	The register broke when it was my turn in line .	I was forced to go to the back of another line .	A nice cashier came to apologize and helped me check out .
0	Gary was doing his weekly grocery shopping today .	He ran into his assistant principal in the snack aisle .	When he tried to say hi , she looked at him with an angry grin .	She also started to speak with vulgar language .	Although it was a surprise , Gary was speechless .
3	He did n't think people would watch them .	Gary wanted to start a Youtube channel .	He started by making funny reaction videos .	By the end of the week he had 20 videos uploaded .	But eventually , he got 20,000 subscribers !
3	Finally , she pinched them all shut and covered them in cinnamon .	Sarah was baking hand pies .	First she had to make the crust and cut it into circles .	Then , she filled the crust with an apple mixture .	After cooking them in the oven , they were ready to eat !
2	Every day he went to the class .	Ricky wanted to go back to school .	He signed up for a course at the local career center .	Soon he graduated with honors .	He got a raise at his job for having his new degree !
4	Before long Steve was paying all his bills on time and was debt free .	Steve was concerned because his bills were piling up .	He went to an adviser to help him straighten out his finances .	The adviser was able to sort through Steve 's bills and develop a plan .	The adviser put Steve on a strict budget and organized his payments .
0	Carl was using Google Maps to get directions to his new job .	But when he got them , he noticed an interesting feature .	He used the street view feature to take a virtual tour of the area .	And he ended up using it for several hours .	Carl felt confident about driving to his new job .
0	Jill was working at the register that day .	A group of kids came up to the register .	They had a case of beer in their hands .	Jill asked for their ID to verify that they were over 21 .	The kids dropped the beer and ran out of the store .
0	Been used to run track .	His favorite distance was the 400 meter .	Once at practice , though , Ben had an accident .	He was halfway through the 400 meter when he slipped on the gravel .	He skinned his knee , and though embarrassed , Ben got up and finished .
3	But before the day of the play , everyone still had doubts .	Everyone knew Sam was forgetful .	So they were worried about him being in the school play .	Sam practiced his lines and reviewed his steps .	When the play began the next day , nobody could find Sam .
3	Her costume made her feel beautiful and dramatic .	Carlita did n't play an instrument but she loved music .	She joined the color guard of the Jefferson High marching band .	It was a great way meet people and show her school spirit .	The flag she used for the show was as bright as her smile .
4	The cops came in and arrested all of them .	Chad decided to rob a bank .	He got his friends to join in .	They ran into the bank and demanded the money .	An alarm went off and they started to panic .
0	My daughter played soccer when she was 10 .	The league was unisex .	One day she ran against a boy to get a ball	She got the ball and took out the boy .	Her coach was very impressed .
4	They discretely removed Santa from the mall .	A mother in the line waiting for Santa noticed something odd .	Santa 's lap had become very wet .	Santa also smelled heavily of alcohol .	The mother reported this to the mall authorities .
2	After walking a while , they noticed a bear charging at them .	Vince and his wife left their car to go on a walk .	They grabbed their bags and began to hike down a forest path .	Vince pulled out his bear spray and hand gun and unloaded on the bear .	The couple fled the scene and left their hike in their car .
1	She was by the jeans when the alarm went off .	Kelly was working late at the store yesterday when something happened .	Kelly was shocked and scared .	She immediately went to see the problem .	Ten perfumes were stolen .
1	Her quilts were beautiful .	Ryan 's grandma loved to make quilts .	Ryan 's girlfriend loved her quilts .	As a surprise he asked her to make one for her .	She was so happy and loved Grandma 's quilt .
3	She was exasperated .	My sister in law tried to deposit a check for her late husband .	The check was made out to his estate .	The bank refused to deposit the check .	Her lawyer said she must produce a document as executor of the estate .
0	Amy and Beth went on a Hayride at the pumpkin patch .	They had never been on one .	As they rode Beth realized this was boring .	When it ended they pretended like they had fun .	They did n't want to disappoint Amy 's mom who suggested the Hayride .
1	He thought it was so funny that he wanted to tell it to his friends .	Steve heard a funny joke on the radio .	The next day he repeated the joke from memory .	None of his friends laughed at Steve 's joke .	They told Steve that they heard the joke already .
0	Lary was taught by his father how to make delicious lasagna .	He brought his family secret to America .	He sold lasagna on the side of the road .	He became rich enough to open his own store !	Now he owns multiple restaurants all using his family recipe !
1	My husband called me , very upset about something on FaceBook .	I was out shopping for Christmas this past weekend by myself .	I looked on my phone and my ex had tagged me with lovey dovey stuff .	I raced home and convinced my husband I only wanted to be with him .	My husband calmed down and we deleted the tag together .
3	He kept falling asleep so he drank coffee .	Bob needed to study for an exam .	He only had one day before the test .	He decided to stay up all night and cram .	He was able to stay awake and study !
2	The dog would bark and scratch him .	Tom 's parents bought a new dog .	The dog did not seem to like Tom .	Tom complained about the dog .	They end up bringing the dog back .
3	I felt cramping afterward .	Yesterday I went for a run .	I ran to the park .	It was very tiring .	Running back was easier however .
4	He still continued to flunk .	Tyler was flunking out of college .	One day he decided that he was going to study all day .	Suddenly , his girlfriend called , asking him to come over .	Tyler made the decision to go see her .
1	Everyone was saddened to find out he had terminal cancer .	Max was the family dog .	The only way to ease the pain was to get another dog immediately .	Max and the puppy got along well although Max only had a year to live .	Max did so well with the puppy that he lived another six years .
2	His brother had just had a huge debt problem , so he told to avoid them	When Mike was growing up , we was given a lot of warnings .	He was warned about credit cards and how they can get you into debt .	So Mike always was aware of the dangers the cards can bring .	Now as a grown up he does n't use credit cards and only uses cash .
2	Shouting from the top of his lungs he tells his mother what he heard .	Colin overheard his father on the phone .	So he runs downstairs to find his mother .	Colin 's father comes downstairs in a hurry .	He was furious to find that Colin had already told .
0	My friends and I went camping .	We were bored so we played tag .	While playing I hid behind a bush .	After playing , i felt itchy .	My parents checked the bush and it was poison ivy .
2	He walked around the house trying to find the source .	Max was sitting in his living room .	He began to notice a foul smell .	For some reason , he could n't locate it .	Finally , he discovered an old plate of food under the couch .
2	He felt it tasted too plain .	Dan was making a cake .	When it was done , he took a bite .	He had an idea .	He smothered it with whip cream and it tasted great .
1	She asked her kids to be at the photographer 's studio on time .	Mom wanted a family picture .	They all showed up .	They all coordinated what to wear .	For once , they finally had a new family picture .
0	This month is Chanel 's 21st Birthday .	She wants a grand party with family and friends .	As the day approaches , a hurricane is scheduled to arrive .	Upset and angry , Chanel went into panic mode about her party .	When the day arrives , the hurricane passed and she enjoys her party .
0	Ike vowed to quit smoking cigarettes .	He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches .	He stuck to his plan for over a week .	But then his cravings became too strong to resist .	Ike sadly went back to smoking cigarettes .
2	But afterwards , he had a headache .	John was stressed out .	So he ate more food than he should have .	So he tried to eat less the next day .	But his stress led him to the same behavior .
4	The combination of rice and lentils was delicious !	The supermarket had sold out of black beans .	I decided to buy lentils instead .	My friend recommended that I mix the lentils with rice .	I decided to give her recommendation a try .
0	I was performing a clean and jerk lift .	Suddenly , the barbell fell behind me .	I tore my rotator cuff !	I had to spend six months in a rehabilitative facility .	I realized that weightlifting was not the sport for me .
0	Lea was looking for a plane ticket .	She thought she would have to cancel her trip .	She could not find a ticket that was cheap enough !	Then she found a great deal on a discount site .	Lea not only bought a ticket , she upgraded to first class too !
3	So he hired a contractor .	Bill just bought a house .	He wanted to do renovations to it .	However , he had no idea where to start .	Bill 's house now looks brand new .
2	She figured out real quick how expensive life can be .	Ashley just moved out of her parents house .	She is on her own for the first time .	She had to pay for tv , the internet , and her phone .	She regretted moving out of her mom 's house at such a young age .
2	She chopped up some onions and got started with dinner .	Katie was making dinner .	She was having her friends over for dinner and wine later .	She worked hard over the stove for about an hour .	Finally , dinner was ready , just in time because the doorbell rang !
1	Hung 's family had been doing it for many generations .	It had long been tradition to hunt whales during the Spring .	All of a sudden international law forbade it .	They continued to do so anyway .	Eventually they were arrested and moderately fined .
4	I flew out of my seat and onto the grass .	I was riding on the seesaw .	Nancy was running to the other side .	She jumped on the seat .	My side went up quickly .
3	Finally she saw the puppy in her backyard hiding .	Katie was getting nervous because she lost her puppy .	She looked everywhere for it .	She searched the entire town and her house .	Kelly breathed a sigh of relief .
0	In a big murder trial , the defendant had a strange strategy .	For his lawyer he chose a 12 year old kid .	The judge allowed this only if the kid could pass a test .	The kid scored very high on the judge 's test .	The prosecutor 's confidence was shaken at this news .
2	What we did n't know was that he was suffering a major brain aneurysm .	I was in a coffee shop working on the computer .	A man in a wheelchair rolled in and began harassing customers .	Before he could be kicked out , he began to go into convulsions .	He died within minutes , and we were all shocked .
3	Amy fell down the stairs .	Amy had a severe ear infection .	Her balance was compromised by the fluid in her ear .	She was about to descend the stairs when she stumbled .	She suffered severe injuries .
3	Her mother came to visit her the next day .	Martha was living by herself .	She was lonely being by herself .	She called up her mother .	Martha felt better in the company of her mother .
2	He summons the courage to come to football tryouts .	Charles has always worried that he was too small to play football .	His parents encourage him to try out for the team anyway .	At tryouts he sees that many other kids are smaller than he is .	Charles is so happy that he overcame his worries .
0	Reba did n't feel like cooking .	She glanced through the take out ads and settled on pizza .	Her family shouted out what they wanted while she was on the phone .	They waited for what seemed like forever .	When they finally heard the knock on the door , they ran in excitement .
2	His parents said they would let him go if he learned to swim .	Johnny wanted to go to a camp with his friend in the summer .	The campsite was near the water .	Johnny 's parents signed him up for lessons at the local YMCA .	He learned to swim , so he was able to go to camp and have fun .
1	One day I saw first-hand how quickly he can get up to 40MPH .	I love to watch my greyhound run .	He was playing with his buddies and suddenly they decided to run .	I had no time to move out of the way , and then they were upon me .	I flipped up into the air and crashed down to the ground head first .
3	He checked his phone and saw the game was going into overtime .	Matt was at the Miami Heat game .	The Heat were losing by 10 with two minutes left .	Matt left the arena to get a jump on traffic .	He tried to get back in the arena , but the doors were locked .
3	She decided to call to ask why .	Aria had applied for a school a few months ago .	She had just received a response in the mail .	When she opened it , she learned that they had denied her application .	Luckily , it was just an error and her application had been accepted .
0	Aaron ate a burger and fries earlier .	He started feeling strange .	He was currently in the car .	He could n't control it and excreted in his pants .	They stopped at a MCdonalds and he finished it .
3	He thought the day would be ruined .	Tim had to clean the basement .	His parents told him to .	He was very angry .	However he ended up finding his favorite football in the basement .
2	Her teacher recommended that she join a new one , one that he liked .	Anna was in a film class .	She was n't getting along with her group and did n't know what to do .	She approached the group and asked if they needed any help .	Luckily , the accepted her warmly and she felt much better .
3	Suddenly the clock ticked over to 5:00 pm .	Davy stared at the stopped clock , willing it to move .	Ity seemed as if time was standing still .	How long had time been this way was a mystery to him .	Davy sighed heavily as he clocked out of work .
0	Mark had a nasty cough .	He tried to cover his mouth but it was too late .	He apologized to everyone near him .	They forgave Mark for his mistake .	Mark kept his hand close to his mouth in case it happened again .
3	Erin was forced to drive to the library in order to print .	Erin was working hard on an essay for school .	When Erin finished his essay , he tried to print it .	While it printed , the paper jammed and ruined the essay .	Erin was late to class but he turned in his essay on time .
4	I was able to log in .	I tried to log into a website .	The website said that it did not recognize my computer .	I choose to have the website send me an authorization code in text .	I received the code and entered into the website .
4	I better go to the store and get another one .	My baby has a favorite blanket .	She needs it to go to sleep .	I lost it on our walk today .	She will never sleep again without it .
4	As he opened the compass , Steve realized he did n't know how to use it .	When Steve took up hiking , his dad gave him a compass .	As his dad showed how to use it , Steve daydreamed about the trek .	Steve headed on the trek with the compass in his bag .	When he got lost , Steve reached confidently for the compass .
2	They issued him a pass and told him where his office would be .	Tom 's first day at work was at hand as he boarded the bus .	He arrived at the office and went to find the HR department .	Tom waited until nearly lunchtime before his supervisor appeared .	The rest of his first day turned out equally as uneventful .
2	Angie considered telling her friend what the neighbor said .	Angie went to a cocktail party hosted by her best friend .	She overheard a neighbor criticizing the host 's taste .	Then her friend hugged Angie and thanked her for coming .	Angie decided to be quiet about what she overheard .
3	They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it 's place .	Sally went to the store to buy a new dress .	She had her heart set on the blue one with ruffles .	When she got to the store , the blue dress was sold out .	Sally now has a new black and glittery dress .
0	Harry 's favorite sport was baseball .	He spent a lot of time each day watching and playing baseball .	He joined his local team and was one of the best players .	His teammates knew his birthday was coming up and planned a gift .	Harry was happy when they gave him a jersey from his favorite team .
1	He had been practicing at home for days .	It was Tim 's turn to kick the ball .	When it was rolled toward him he closed his eyes and kicked .	He missed completely and kicked so hard he fell .	All the other kids made fun of him and he ran to the bathroom crying .
1	The phone rang soon after the mail came , but he did n't answer it .	A past due notice arrived in the mail , but Bill ignored it .	Bill 's brother visited , and told Bill he 'd better deal with problems .	Bill gave in and visited a bankruptcy attorney .	With bankruptcy proceedings underway , Bill felt relieved .
1	When I went to put it in the oven , I dropped it .	I tried to make pizza today .	The toppings got everywhere .	I cleaned it up .	Instead of trying again , I ordered pizza instead .
1	He decided to tear into the dog treats .	The cat was feeling very energetic this evening .	He viciously ripped open the packaging and ate the treats .	His owner found the place in a mess when he got home .	The owner cleaned up the mess angrily .
4	She took a break and went to watch some television .	Jane started to open all the mail after she got home .	In total , there were four new bills that arrived that day .	She got out her spreadsheet to make sense of the finances .	She looked dismayed that they may not be able to pay them all .
0	Mary wanted to spend a day by the pool .	But the deck was too hot to lay in .	Then she found a solution .	She perched on a float in the middle of the pool .	There , she relaxed in the cool water all day !
4	The president of America called Charles to hear what was going on .	Charles was high up in the Agriculture Department .	He heard from the news someone was sick after eating beef .	The media reported Mad Cow Disease was going around .	Charles began researching the incident .
4	Brie was upset the rest of the day .	Brie ran to the playground with joy in her heart .	She was going to swing all day .	Suddenly she stopped .	The swings were all gone .
0	Matt just turned sixteen and bought a new car .	He realized that he never learned how to change a tire .	He asked his dad to teach him so he will know just in case .	His dad showed him once and then made Matt change it while he watched .	After one try Matt changed the tire by himself perfectly .
4	Nell looked at the cashier but said nothing .	Nell 's dad ran a store in a small town .	One day , Nell snuck a roll of quarters from the cash drawer .	Nell 's dad discovered that money was missing .	He asked if anyone knew about it .
0	Last summer I visited a beautiful Cape Cod beach .	I searched for shells and sea glass .	On the sand was a bottle sealed with wax with a message enclosed .	I opened the bottle and did not find a pirate map .	Instead , it was part of a high school science project on currents .
0	Mark was so excited when he was accepted college .	He moved into the dorms and signed up for his classes .	Mark quickly realized that he had taken too many classes .	Mark made the hard decision and dropped a couple classes .	Four years later Mark graduated with honors and was very proud .
2	At first they were confusing .	Ana wanted to play guitar .	She signed up for lessons .	Ana could not remember any of the chords !	But soon she grew into a great guitar player .
2	The only problem was that Sammy did not know how to run a restaurant .	Sammy 's father owned a Chinese restaurant .	His father wanted to retire and pass the restaurant to him .	Sammy spent many months working closely with his father .	He eventually was able to successfully run the restaurant by himself .
1	Linda is trying to impress Dave with her Instagram pictures .	Some girls , like Linda , only go on the internet to post pictures .	But Dave never goes on Instagram .	Linda does not know that , so she keeps loading pictures up .	Now everyone is sick of Linda on the internet , and she is sad .
0	Jay lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms .	The storms could be pretty bad , leaving roads impassable .	Joe always listened to the weather station during storm times .	One morning while driving to work a big storm was predicted .	He turned his car around and went home , in order to be safe .
3	When they saw it was safe , his family joined him .	Jake bought his family a new trampoline .	They were scared to bounce on it .	Jake climbed on to it and jumped up and down .	Now Jake ca n't get them to stop , they 're having so much fun .
3	When Kenya got home , she began crying .	Kenya met up with her ex-boyfriend at a coffee spot .	He greeted her and asked how she was doing .	They talked for a few minutes and walked away .	She also decided to lay in her bed for the whole day .
0	Joy brought her favorite mug with here to the coffee shop .	They filled it to the brim with fresh coffee .	Joy drank her coffee while looking at her phone .	When she was done she handed it to the store worker .	They cleaned her mug for her and gave it back .
4	She never lets her dog out alone anymore .	One day Jennifer saw her dog chasing an animal .	She walked closer to look and see what it was .	Suddenly , she was overcome by an awful smell .	The animal was a skunk and it had sprayed Jennifer .
1	He became tired of it so he began to practice soccer with his dad .	Philip was always picked last in games on the playground .	Soon , he was getting pretty good at soccer .	The next time they played at school he was picked last again .	But he played so well that he will always be picked first from now on !
4	She loved the cake that Chris made for her .	Chris wanted to make his girlfriend a cake .	He decided on red velvet since that was her favorite .	He put all of his love into the cake .	He even wrote a small message with icing .
4	I hope we do n't get evicted .	The rent money was due last week .	We did n't have it in time .	We 're avoiding phone calls .	My husband says he 'll get money soon .
1	He loved the pasta and meatballs !	Neil was enjoying his trip through Italy .	But he was leaving soon , so it was time for a change .	His last meal was n't pasta at all .	Instead , Neil ordered a large cheese pizza !
2	Her pencil broke .	Sloane was taking an important test at school .	The room was silent .	The sharpener grated loudly .	Everyone in the room gave Sloane dirty looks .
2	One day the horse was sick .	Tim got a new horse .	He rode it everyday .	Tim gave it some horse medicine .	The horse got better quickly .
4	The ensuing wave of emotion forced her to cry against her will .	Gina decided not to cry at her grandpa 's funeral .	She wanted to remain composed .	She would cry when she was alone .	But as the pastor spoke she glanced at the body .
0	The basketball game was tied 30-30 .	One of the players had been fouled and was up to shoot .	He had a chance to shoot two free throws .	If he made them , he would win the game for the team .	He took his time and shot the ball and made both of them .
1	Everyone ducked in order to protect themselves .	In the middle of the park , a few gun shots got fired .	A few minutes later , several sirens went off .	The park official told everyone to leave .	The man who was firing the shots got caught .
3	He finally saved up the money he needed .	Andrew wanted to see every continent in one year .	Andrew had no money saved up for the trip .	He worked as hard as he could for months .	He happily took the trip just like he had said .
4	All in all she lost 10 lbs in the 21 days and was very happy .	Marcy wanted to start the 21 day fix program .	It was a diet program that made you portion out your food .	If the food fit in the containers you could eat it .	She said it was difficult at first but then got used to it .
0	Meg picked her mother up from the train station .	Together , they drove for two and a half hours to a rural outpost .	Once there , they met with a family who was having trouble with a pest .	The two women set up their gear to capture the unwanted animal .	The women safely imprisoned the alligator and transported it away .
2	Jeanie snuck a handful of coins from her dad 's change bowl .	Jeanie was excited to go to sleepaway camp .	Her parents helped Jeanie pack but did n't mention spending money .	Dropping her off at camp , her parents gave Jeanie ten dollars .	Jeanie spent the money at the cantina but felt miserable .
1	Heroin makes you do bad things .	I used to do heroin .	I started stealing and lying .	Eventually , I got caught by the police .	I was sentenced to 2 years in prison .
2	We hide in the second floor of the barn .	We played sardines in a can .	This is a hide-and-go-seek type of game .	Skip told me to jump out the second story window .	I did , my ankle snapped and was broken .
2	However she found it to be incredibly tiring .	Tina got a new job as a cook at a new restaurant .	She was very excited .	The boss had her on her feet all day .	Tina was contemplating quitting .
0	John smacked his lips as he finished off the tiny barrel of brandy .	He put the empty barrel with the others the St Bernard 's ' would wear .	Later that day he was caught in an avalanche .	The rescue dog arrived soon after .	John was sad to find the barrel empty .
4	When the baby was finally born , she was overjoyed to be a mom .	Amy unexpectedly found out she was pregnant .	At first she was not excited and was very nervous .	As time went on , she became very excited to have a baby .	She could n't wait for the baby to be born .
3	Max agreed so they stopped at a store .	Madison and Max were about to catch a flight .	They did n't have a lot of time to get to the airport .	Madison thought that they needed some snacks .	They managed to barely make it on time .
1	It was his favorite cereal .	Tony loved frosted flakes .	He thought they were Great .	He ran out of milk though .	He went to the store and bought some milk .
4	Now he has the perfect milkshake every single day .	Marc loved milkshakes .	He made them for himself .	He tried all different kinds of ingredients .	When he found the perfect milkshake recipe , he wrote it down .
4	We bought her latest cd and had it autographed .	Two weeks ago we went to a jazz concert .	The singer was Tierney Sutton .	We go to her concerts when she comes to Boston .	Attendance was down , so she gave only one concert .
4	Sam missed his test because he got to school late .	Sam woke up early for school .	He had a test early in the morning .	He studied all night for the test .	He just barely missed the school bus as it passed his house .
1	All of his papers spilled out on to the floor .	Cal picked up his briefcase and it fell open .	Cal picked them all up and put them back in the briefcase .	As he picked it up again the same thing happened .	Cal looked closely and saw his briefcase had a broken latch .
1	We would go there and they would help us with the basics .	My old basketball coach wanted us to go to camp in the summer .	They would try and tell us we should hold the ball like it is a pizza .	By holding it like that we would be in the right form .	We had a lot of fun , and learned a lot of good habits .
1	She went out and bought a new swimsuit .	Ashley wanted to go swimming .	It would be the first swim of the summer .	Ashley found the closest swimming facility .	She had a great day of swimming fun .
4	Little Becky stayed angry at her aunt for a long time .	Little Becky had a pet catfish that lived in her little pool .	Becky loved to swim with her pet catfish .	One day the catfish was gone .	Little Becky thought her aunt took the catfish .
0	Miranda was nervous because today was her first soccer game .	She got on the field and stood at the goal .	The game started and it began to be a close game .	At the end of the game , Miranda 's team won .	Miranda and her team screamed with joy .
3	His school ended up being closed .	School was almost starting .	Michael did n't want school to start .	Luckily there was a hurricane passing nearby .	Michael was happy .
1	His mother took him to see Santa , but he had no great hopes .	It was early December and Timmy had been acting questionably .	When Santa asked Timmy if he had been good he simply said no .	Santa told Timmy that all bad boys get lumps of coal .	Timmy went straight to his mother and apologized for his actions .
2	Loosening up allowed him to attract many fans in the following weeks .	Mickey set up a live video stream to try his hand at comedy .	He drank box wine and told whatever jokes came to mind .	Without overdoing it , the cheap wine had in some way contributed .	This success let Mickey channel everyday woes toward something fun .
4	She checked the cut and it was n't very bad .	Sally was chopping vegetables .	Suddenly , she cut her finger .	She was n't sure how bad it was and started to panic .	Luckily her boyfriend helped her calm down .
1	He decided to test it out by taking a swim in it .	Jimmy got a new inflatable pool for his birthday .	He heard a loud pop when he jumped into the pool .	He made a hole with the force of the impact .	Jimmy got a new pool with the warranty .
0	The kids went fishing .	As one cast his line , the line snapped .	The pole went flying across the pond .	The kid jumped in the pond after it .	He came back with his pole and a fish attached .
0	Nick really wanted to go to Japan .	He thoroughly enjoyed and had knowledge of the country 's culture .	He had been saving for 2 Years to get his plane tickets to go there .	His trip was life-changing , and he decided to move there permanently .	Although his family was devastated , he realized this was best for him .
3	Now she has a lot more customers .	Hannah makes a lemonade stand to earn extra money .	She does n't have many customers .	Hannah drops her lemonade price from 50 cents to 30 cents .	Hannah 's lemonade stand is a great success .
2	When the day of the surgery arrived she was put under by anesthesia .	Carol was nervous about her surgery .	She prepared by not eating anything .	While the doctors worked , she stayed fast asleep .	By the time she woke up , the surgery was over .
1	He taught Rex to sit , roll over , and beg .	Jay was training his new dog Rex .	At first Rex did not respond .	But gradually he grew better and better .	Jay rewarded Rex with a treat for his obedience !
3	He often wondered whether the clock distracted him from other things .	All throughout the house , Tom 's grandfather clock could be heard .	Any visitor he had would ask about the clock .	Sometimes , it kept Tom up at night .	So , he decided to replace the ticking clock with a quiet digital one .
1	She packed all her things and headed to the shore .	Trina was going to the beach .	There , she laid out and tanned .	Then she dipped in the water .	Trina had a great time on her beach trip !
2	Her parents like learning toys .	My son went shopping for his niece 's birthday .	She is turning two .	He bought her a big play map of the world .	The parents will try to teach her to recognize countries .
1	He seasoned the raw turkey and eventually placed it in the oven .	Rob offered to roast the turkey this year .	It was heated for 2-3 hours .	A huge emergency came up and he left the house for a while .	When he got back , he forgot about the turkey that was extremely burnt .
4	Finally she settled with the oolong .	One of Tina 's favorite activities was tea tasting .	Yesterday she went to her favorite tea store .	She sipped about six different teas .	It took her forever to decide what tea to buy .
2	He was very nervous .	Ted had a big test tomorrow .	He did not study all week .	He emailed the teacher a note saying he was sick .	Ted got an extension and was able to fully study .
2	One day the grandfather of the family came to visit .	The Lee family had a history of serving in the military .	The youngest son of the family , Chang did not want to serve .	He shared stories .	Inspired by his grandfather 's words Chang decided to serve as well .
3	She looked for an hour , but it was no where to be seen .	Gina had spilled her jewelry all over the floor .	She gathered the jewelry and put it away .	Then she realized one of her earrings was missing its match .	Gina was sad to have lost one of her favorite earrings .
1	They always loved jello .	Kelly and her friends decided to make some jello .	They made some red jello in a strawberry mold .	When it was done it looked great .	Most importantly it tasted good .
4	He screamed so loud he almost fainted .	Arnold was scared of spiders .	One night he got up from bed .	He needed to use the bathroom .	As he was using it he saw a spider on the wall .
4	The bite got infected and Ken had to take shots .	Ken saw a mouse in his kitchen .	He chased after it .	Ken was able to catch it .	The mouse bit Ken .
2	She took it to a designer .	Rachel wanted to wear her mom 's dress .	It was much too big .	It was redesigned especially for her day .	On her wedding , it was absolutely gorgeous .
3	He ran from his car into his bomb shelter .	Fred listened to the radio as she drove home .	The radio announcer said that the big one was coming .	Fred drove quickly home once he heard this .	He bolted the door behind him and waited for the big one to come .
4	Thanks to Sam 's shenanigans , I spent a night in the campus jail !	Sam , my college roommate , stole a license plate .	Specifically , he took it from a campus security vehicle .	Sam hung the license plate in our dorm room .	Another student saw the plate and reported it to security .
0	Charles knew letting a gay couple move in his apartment was a mistake .	But he needed the money for rent .	The couple , Marty and Eddie , started fighting in a month .	After one fight , the police came and Marty was arrested .	In court , Charles did n't know who swung first , so Marty got 6 months .
2	All the kids start teasing him about it .	Bill and his brother Bob have a huge fight .	So Bob tells the entire school that Bill wet his bed until he was six .	Bill is known as bedwetter for the rest of his days at school .	He is relieved to go off to college where nobody knows his secret .
1	Papa sat down and let the kids choose which one they wanted .	The family went to the kennel to find a new cat .	The kids each wanted a different cat .	One cat crawled into Papa 's lap and fell asleep .	The family all agreed they would be taking Papa 's cat home .
0	Joseph went to the beach .	He decided to bring his friend with him .	The two built a sand castle .	Then they went swimming in the lake .	After this they were tired and went home .
0	Mary had never cooked a chicken before .	She decided to cook one for dinner one night .	She knew that she liked her steaks rare .	Mary cooked the chicken rare .	The chicken made Mary very sick .
0	Tyler was taking a walk on the beach .	He saw the dark clouds coming towards him but still walked .	The clouds got darker , and it started to rain .	Tyler liked the rain so he decided it could n't hurt .	Until it started to hail , then it really hurt Tyler , so he ran home .
3	He just barely passed all of his classes .	Charles never liked to work very hard in school .	His family did not expect he would graduate .	Finally Charles decided to apply himself and work harder .	Charles wished he had begun working hard in school earlier .
4	After two weeks the cradle cap had disappeared .	Lina just had a baby boy .	After a few weeks she noticed flakes on his baby 's scalp .	Lina realized her son had cradle cap .	She began applying coconut oil to help heal it .
1	She went to the doctor .	Annie had a bad cough .	The doctor examined her carefully .	He prescribed her some medicine .	Annie 's cough was gone in a few days .
1	They had n't talked at all yet , but she would admire him the whole time	Nicole had a crush on John , who sat next to her in class .	Nicole decided to strike up a conversation with John .	Soon after , John invited her along to his weekend plans .	Now Nicole is dating the man she crushed on .
3	Amy looked up to see her Crush Ray .	Amy was having lunch with her friend Ella .	Ella was telling Amy about her family .	Just then her brother walked over to the table .	Amy was elated to learn Ray was her new friends twin .
2	Finally Davis goes fishing for sea bass .	Davis never liked the idea of fishing .	However , in his town all young men are expected to fish .	He catches a mighty sea bass on his first try .	Davis decides that fishing is more fun than he thought .
0	I went to a dance and noticed a cute , pug-nosed girl .	I sauntered on over and asked for a spin .	She blushed and demurely nodded yes .	We danced away the rest of the evening .	And that is how I met my one and only pug-nosed dream .
3	Sue shifted into gear but the person already rammed into her .	Sue was a red light .	The red light was extremely long .	When it finally turned green , the person behind her honked .	Then he sped past and was nowhere to be found .
0	Sarah was always very bright and wanted to be a psychologist .	She was always a great student and even skipped 5th grade .	Sarah graduated early from high school .	She was accepted at UMO and graduated at the top of her class .	Sarah is now a very successful psychologist .
3	Finally , they settled on root beer floats .	Jane and Michael did not know what new item to sell at their shop .	They had a lot of ideas , but neither could agree on what to pick .	They wanted something that would appeal to customers of all ages .	They were a great hit !
0	Kim was watching cartoons when the commercial break came .	There was a commercial for a new movie Home Alone .	The commercial made the movie look exciting .	Kim begged her mother to take her to see the movie .	Kim was sad when her mother said they could n't go .
4	His friends had to carry him home .	Danny had never drank alcohol before .	He pretended to have at his first party .	He did n't know his limit .	He wound up throwing up and passing out .
0	The school principal warns Cornelia that her skirt is too short .	However , Cornelia does not like to be told how to dress .	She decides to stop going to classes .	Her parents beg her to return to school .	However , for Cornelia , fashion is more important than schooling .
4	Ava licked her cone happily , satisfied with her choice .	Ava was at the ice cream parlor .	She was debating what kind of cone to get .	She wanted both chocolate and vanilla !	Finally she decided to order a twist cone .
1	However , her boyfriend told her that lattes are delicious .	Lucretia had always considered drinking a latte pretentious .	One day Lucretia decided to try one .	She loved how it tasted .	Lucretia no longer thinks that lattes are pretentious .
0	Julia had just had her baby .	She really wanted to breastfeed .	For the first month she gave it a try .	It was very difficult and she began to hate it .	Finally she decided it was best to quit .
1	She had not eaten all day .	Ellen was very hungry .	Luckily , she had a granola bar in her kitchen .	Within minutes she devoured the granola bar .	Ellen was happy to no longer be hungry .
4	He is very happy that his feet no longer hurt .	Lester notices that his feet are beginning to hurt .	He decides that he needs to clip his toenails .	He diligently clips each toenail until they are neat and trim .	Now Lester 's shoes fit him much better .
2	He lived alone .	Jeff felt something weird about his house .	He always felt something nearby .	One day he heard something move .	Jeff moved out of his house shortly afterwards .
4	She now rides her bike everywhere she goes .	Sally gets a new bike for her birthday .	She is sad though because she does not know how to ride it .	Her father teaches her how to ride it .	After a couple weeks of practice , Sally can ride her bike on her own .
4	She breathed a sigh of relief and thanked him .	Ana had left her phone on the bus .	To make matters worse , a man was following her .	She screamed when the man caught up to her and touched her shoulder .	He held out her cell phone with a smile .
0	John Lennon was playing on stage .	Paul McCartney had attended the show .	Paul was very impressed with John .	John and Paul made their own band .	They called themselves the Beatles .
3	He was out of coffee today !	Pat gets up very early in the morning .	He is always very tired .	He makes a cup of coffee as soon as he wakes up .	He was sleepy for the rest of the day .
2	He decided he had to get serious .	Adam had a paper due the next day .	He 'd only written half of it .	He stayed up all night finishing the paper .	By morning , it was 100 % complete !
4	Betty realized a massive pillow fight is a horrible idea .	Betty decided to go to the world 's biggest pillow fight with friends .	They assured her the pillow fight would be tons of fun .	Betty ran into the massive fight smiling and ready .	She was hit repeatedly by some larger men and bruised quite badly .
4	He yelled at her to take the bracelets off during the test .	Maria taking a test in class .	She was wearing a lot of bracelets .	They were making a lot of noise as she took the test .	Eventually another student could n't take it anymore .
3	I rode on the trolley as it traveled the original subway route .	I work for a transit authority in Boston .	In 1997 it celebrated the centennial of subway service .	They brought out a 1924 trolley .	I took a lot of photos and had a great time .
3	Fred tried his best to clean up all of the noodles .	Fred was making spaghetti .	He was trying to put the box away when the bottom end opened .	Tons of noodles began pouring out of the box .	Still , for weeks after he kept finding noodles all over .
3	Suddenly he realized he needed his phone for that .	Marvin had a date with his girlfriend .	When it was time to go he could n't find his phone .	He decided he should call her and tell her he was running late .	Marvin did n't know what to do .
2	She took him to the pet store as a surprise .	Jack was lonely after his parents ' divorce .	His mom got a great idea .	He picked out a black kitten with white feet .	He named it Boots .
3	Her mother strung a clothesline between two poles to hang the clothes	Kim was moving the clothes from the washer to the dryer .	When she turned on the dryer , nothing happened .	Her father looked at it and said it was broken , how could she dry ?	Kim had never tried this , but it worked great and her clothes dried !
1	He tried to make her stop but she would n't listen .	James was annoyed since his sister repeated everything he said .	Therefore , he slapped her .	She ended up crying .	I received a timeout from my mom when she found out .
2	The little gave it to him .	One day a little went out with his lunch .	A man said give me your lunch .	The man told a multitude of people to sit down .	All the people were feed from that little boy 's lunch .
2	State laws require that it must stay locked and unloaded .	My family purchased a gun for home defense .	We practiced gun safety the very first day we got it .	This does not make much sense .	Now we own large dogs that are not locked up , instead .
3	A raccoon was holding a rock and hitting the door .	I decided to have popcorn last night .	While making it , there was a knock at the door .	I went to the window and looked out .	I 'm not sure raccoons can knock but this one did .
1	He often beat Ed with a belt .	Ed 's dad was abusive .	One day in gym class , his teacher saw the belt marks .	He pulled Ed aside and asked him some questions .	Then he sent the police to arrest Ed 's dad !
1	Sally went straight to the largest pile of sand .	One day Sally went to the beach with her mother .	Sally did not see the large wave coming towards her .	Sally was hit by the wave and pushed into the pile of sand .	From then on , Sally always watched the waves carefully .
4	It worked well but his hands got very messy .	Bob opened the hood of his car to add more oil .	He found the oil cap and removed it .	He tried to pour in oil but spilled it a little .	He used one hand to funnel in the oil then .
3	Herschel began eating well and lifting weights .	Hershel was a scrawny young man .	He had very low self esteem .	All the other boys his age were much bigger than him .	In a few short months he had gained a lot of muscle and was happy .
1	She got the part as a sunflower .	Jasmine was nervous to be in her first play .	Jasmine began to get excited right before she got on stage .	When she got on stage , she was no longer nervous .	Jasmine received a standing ovation for her scene in the play .
3	No one was hurt , but their truck , food and toys were destroyed .	The Smith family decided to vacation on the Texas coast .	They loaded their car with food and beach toys for the trip .	Once the arrived in the little town , they were in a very bad wreck .	Luckily , they made it to the beach the next week and had fun .
4	Unfortunately , she had to file for bankruptcy .	Roni had a lot of debt .	She started to have a difficult time in paying her bills every month .	So she got a second job .	But that still was n't enough to pay the bills .
1	He asked other students if they knew where the library was .	Fred was walking through his school hallway .	Nobody could help him , so he had to ask teachers .	He finally found a teacher who could help him and then he took off .	When Fred got to the library , he dropped his books off and left .
0	Kelly decided to enter her dog in a dog show .	She drove over to the tournament and entered him in ,	Her dog leaped over the fences and catches the frisbees .	At the end her dog won silver .	Kelly was very happy .
2	I threw the shirt in the washer with other clothes and some bleach .	I had a got a stain on my favorite white shirt .	I wanted to wear the shirt to school the next day .	When I took the clothes out to dry they all had big spots on them .	I had ruined a whole load of colored clothes with bleach .
3	She kept getting worse and worse .	Kathy got very sick .	She hated taking medicine .	She refused .	She wished she had taken her medicine .
3	He began spending more time playing chess than anything else he did .	Seth always wanted to play chess , but he needed an opponent .	One day a teacher at his high school established a chess club .	Seth joined the chess club and had the chance to play chess a lot .	Eventually Seth stopped enjoying chess after playing it so much .
1	They invited their closest friends and some neighbors .	Jerry and his wife decided to have a BBQ .	Quite a few people brought delicious sides .	The men hung around the BBQ and the women gathered to talk .	Afterwards , everyone dug in and ate a fantastic feast !
3	They all rode horses and had a great time .	John was a student at an elementary school .	John found out about an upcoming field trip .	John and his classmates went to a ranch .	John later bought a farm and a horse as an adult .
3	It looked like they were going to go out but then they stayed lit .	It was Jilly 's 5th birthday .	Her mom baked her a fancy cake .	When it was time to blow out the candles , she could n't .	Her big brother had put trick candles on her cake .
3	She decided to get a part time job .	Jace and Colton needed braces .	There mom took them to the orthodontist .	She could not afford it .	She was able to pay for the orthodontist over time .
4	We went inside and played video games .	When my friends and I were kids we played laser tag at night .	We snuck out at night with the equipment .	We ran through his neighborhood shooting at each other .	It was fun and we eventually got very tired .
3	Jane had nightmares for a week .	Jane was determined to go see the new scary movie .	Her mom warned her not to go .	Jane went anyway .	Jane promised she would listen to her mom from then on .
1	It was supposed to be a short trail .	The other day my friends invited me on a hike .	About an hour in I noticed something was weird .	We had been walking for a long time and I felt scared .	I became even more frightened when I realized I was hiking alone .
1	One girl thought this was unfair , and she organized a protest .	In China there used to be very strict laws .	She gathered all of her friends , who gathered their friends .	They all went to a government building to complain .	They ended up being shot , and no one ever protested again .
3	In fact , some of the guys resented him .	Marco was a foreigner .	Nobody at work knew exactly where he was from .	He seemed nice but could not speak English very well .	He was a hard worker so he made them look bad .
3	She considered starting it that night .	It was Friday night .	Gina had a speech to give in front of her class on Monday .	She had n't begun writing yet .	But she decided to watch horror movies instead .
0	Timmy turned eighteen and was very happy .	He had always wanted a tattoo and now he was old enough .	He chose a tattoo parlor and made an appointment .	When he arrived , the artist was very nice .	Timmy chose his tattoo and braced himself .
3	But the computer was out of stock online .	Roxy wanted an apple computer .	So she went to the apple website to research computers .	She found an apple computer she wanted to buy .	Roxy went to the apple store to buy the computer .
4	Mr Poke angrily withdrew his financial support for public radio .	Mr Poke donated millions of dollars to public radio .	The radio station aired some news on corrupt business practices .	Mr Poke demanded the station stop airing such stories .	The station said it was their duty to inform the public .
2	We finally decided on the perfect little puppy !	My husband and I went to the animal shelter to find a puppy .	There were so many beautiful dogs at the shelter .	We were so happy to have found this dog .	When we got him home , he was so happy too !
4	My friends had to pull me out and remove the twigs around me .	The lifeguard gave me the signal to move across the water slide .	As I was moving on the slide , the ride started to go faster .	In addition , the force of the water pushed me out of the slide .	I ended up landing in the bushes .
4	Sarah studied hard to raise her grade so she could play with the team .	Sarah was known for being an outstanding softball player .	She practiced for several hours a day to improve her skills .	Sometimes she would forget to make time to do her homework .	The coach told Sarah she 'd be benched unless her Math grade improved .
3	Her mother was not happy that she did n't listen to her advice .	Gina was a very stubborn little girl who did not like to take advice .	Her mother told her today would be cold and she should wear a jacket .	Gina did n't listen and all day at school Gina was cold .	Gina caught a cold and spent the next week sick in bed .
3	Rico realized later that he grabbed the wrong bag .	Rico 's wife made two bagged lunches .	One lunch had a ham sandwich , the other had roast beef .	Rico wanted the ham sandwich , so he grabbed that bag .	Rico begrudgingly ate the roast beef sandwich .
0	Jack did not want to clean his room .	His parents told him he was grounded until it was clean .	Jack decided he still did n't want to clean .	His parents forbade him from going to his friend 's party .	Jack regretted not cleaning his room .
4	Later , I washed the drain and the clog was gone .	I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged .	I did n't see anything obvious clogging it .	I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner .	I poured the drain cleaner down the drain .
4	The dogs had sharp nails and popped Mia 's air mattress .	Mia has 3 dogs that always want to sleep with her .	Mia only has an air mattress and does n't want the dogs on it .	Mia makes sure to keep the dogs from her room .	Mia forgot to shut her door and the dogs jumped on her bed .
3	Kevin considered a nursing home , but then remembered his childhood .	Kevin 's dad had raised him alone after his mom left them .	When his dad grew old and ill , Kevin was unhappy .	He knew it would take time and patience to move his dad into his home .	He decided to care for his dad - just as his dad had cared for him !
4	He ended up being fired once the principal found out .	The teacher handed my test paper back .	I noticed that I received an F , despite most of my answers being right	I asked the professor to explain the reason for this .	He told me that there are no second thoughts .
4	His bushy tail had banged the door shut by accident !	Alone one night , Lisa watched a ghost movie that left her nervous .	As she turned off the TV , a door suddenly slammed shut upstairs .	Goosebumps on her arms , she crept upstairs to the door .	Flinging it open , she was relieved to see only her panting dog .
4	They will be going back for another visit .	Jenny took her daughter to the zoo .	The went to the children 's zoo and petted baby animals .	They walked around each exhibit .	Her daughter loved the zoo .
1	They ran out of ground beef and could n't make tacos .	The Johnsons were planning on having dinner .	They went to the store and bought ground beef .	They came home and prepared tacos .	The Johnsons had tacos for dinner .
1	She kept staring at the road intently .	Susan was driving to work .	Eventually she felt dizzy and sick .	She had to pull over to throw up .	That woke her up and she kept better overall attention .
3	And he forgot all about his lack of cream cheese .	Tom put two bagel slices in his toaster .	But he realized he had no cream cheese .	So he put egg and ham between the bagels .	Tom decided to have the same thing every breakfast .
1	She wants to make her apartment more cozy for her guests .	Abby has invited friends over to her apartment tonight to watch TV .	She decides to light a few candles in her apartment .	Her guests all remark that her place is so nice .	Abby is happy that she invited friends over to her apartment .
4	After that , Josh never made her play football again .	Josh and Emma are siblings .	Josh always made Emma play football with him .	Emma always lost until she suggested they play soccer .	Emma beat Josh by 10 points !
1	He entered Papua New Guinea .	Neil took a speedboat from the tip of Australia north .	There he studied the fascinating local culture .	He even learned about the old headhunters !	Neil wished he could buy a shrunken head as a souvenir !
0	Mable was a blind lady who lived in a retirement home .	As an orderly , I used to bring her food , telling her jokes .	One day Mabel asked to touch my face .	I leaned forward and she put her hands on my cheeks .	She smiled and told me I reminded her of her father years ago .
1	Her dad ignored her , because it was already arranged .	Patel whined that she did n't want to marry the man with sores on him .	Patel moved in with her new husband , in the far away village .	Months later , she had the same sores as he did .	Both of them were being poisoned by the arsenic in the well water .
0	I had my first horse riding lesson today .	I had never seen such a large animal up close before .	I was a little scared of the horse .	I got on the horse to get over my fear .	I had a fun time learning how to ride a horse .
0	Maggie was only four Year 's old .	Today she lost her very first tooth .	It was a milestone moment for her parents .	Her parents immediately put money under her pillow .	Maggie was happy .
4	There she got all the rainy she could possibly desire .	Bonnie loved everything about the rainy .	She particularly liked the smell and sound of it .	But she lived in a dry west coast city .	One summer she visited Seattle .
2	When they were put up , she realized that she had forgotten corn .	Lucy had just come home from the store .	She began putting her groceries away .	She decided to go back to the store .	There , she was able to pick up some corn .
4	Beth was proud of herself for making it to the top .	Beth had failed to run up a steep hill in track practice .	She decided to return on her own and face the hill .	Amy decided to go with her for support .	Amy and Beth ran up the hill together .
2	Online , book stores , thrift shops , garage sales and more .	Sara loves books .	She will go anywhere to find a book .	She has so many books that her house is full .	We call her the book addict who needs an intervention .
2	There is music .	The neighborhood always has a pool party .	Everyone brings a dish .	People always have a great time .	I can not wait for the party .
2	He began to feel sad .	Sam went to the beach to look at the ocean .	But he noticed that he was the only alone .	Sam sadly continued to watch the ocean .	But then he noticed someone sit next to him .
3	He was able to save the person 's life .	Albert was having dinner with his fiance .	All of a sudden someone started choking .	He jumped up and ran over to help	Albert 's fiancee was impressed and he felt heroic .
3	Most people are born with two but someone decided you only get one .	Except for the constant soft beating of the machine , it is quiet .	You lay still , never even a twitch , with that awful thing in your thr	Few visitors come to see what remains of the once beautiful you .	Sleep little sister knowing that everything was done for you this day .
0	Jacob works at a convenience store .	He has a long line .	Jacob thought the line would never end .	He finally made it to the last customer .	The customer paid for their drink and left .
4	It did n't hurt him badly but he learned a lesson .	Sam thought his tire was low .	He found a gas station to fill it back up at .	He did n't have a gauge .	He went overboard and the tire blew .
3	The plate broke .	Paul was carrying his dishes to the sink .	He tripped up the steps .	Paul dropped his plate .	Paul had a huge mess to clean up .
3	The decide to let their friends judge three dishes they cook .	Mike decides that he is a better cook than his friend Roland .	Roland definitely thinks that Mike is incorrect .	They argue and settle on a cook off .	In the end , Roland beats mike at all three dishes .
3	They invited the crew out on the stage .	Scott had helped produce a school play .	It was the play 's final night .	The actors had just finished and were bowing .	There , the crew bowed as well .
2	He could n't afford to fix his car .	Kurt was in a bad car accident .	He was side swiped by another vehicle .	Somehow it still worked so he drove it around like that .	Finally he was warned to stop or get a ticket .
4	When Johnson got home he decided to move to Las Vegas .	Johnson wanted to visit Las Vegas for most of his adult life .	He finally had a chance to go .	Johnson wondered if Las Vegas would live up to his dreams .	As he arrived , he knew Las Vegas was everything he dreamt of .
1	So I grabbed my bike .	I wanted some exercise .	I filled the tires .	I oiled the chain .	The I remembered the three feet of snow outside .
3	It was determined she needed her gallbladder and appendix out .	Lindsay did not feel well .	She decided after a week to go see her doctor .	Her doctor ordered tests to be run .	Lindsay scheduled the surgery .
1	This year he saves up his money for a big trip to Tulum , Mexico .	Quentin has always wanted to go on a vacation in another country .	He packs his bags and boards the flight .	Quentin relishes the food and the sights in Tulum .	He has truly had the trip of a lifetime .
2	One friend said they should call it Mega Tower .	The tallest tower in the city was being given a new name .	The mayor asked his friends what they should call it .	The mayor told the advising committee of the great name .	They all agreed and the tower was dubbed Mega Tower .
3	Kaleb quickly became addicted to the nicotine .	Kaleb was very curious about smoking .	He had friends who smoked and often offered him cigarettes .	He knew the health risks but he tried it anyway .	He had to fight very hard to break the smoking habit .
1	But she had no money to donate .	Cam wanted to help her church .	She decided to offer her time instead .	The church sent Cam to help in a poor neighborhood .	Cam did more good with her hands than others did with dollars !
1	Her parents took her to get ice cream .	Jill loved ice cream .	Jill got a vanilla ice cream cone .	Jill 's ice cream cone fell on the floor .	Jill 's parents bought her a new one .
1	He got all the ingredients together and preheated the oven .	Kurt wanted to bake a cake for his wife for the first time .	When he put the cake into the oven , it only took about 30 minutes .	When the cake was ready and cooled , he began to frost it .	Once it was frosted and pretty , he presented it to his wife .
2	I frantically searched for a restroom until I finally found one .	As a child I visited an unfamiliar school for an academic contest .	While at the contest I desperately needed to pee .	Everyone laughed at me for unknowingly using the boys ' restroom .	I never went back to that school again .
4	I had no real chance to win .	I paid five dollars for a block in a Super Bowl pool .	I got the numbers 4 for Panthers , and 9 for Broncos .	I thought I might have a chance in the late quarters .	The game turned into a defensive struggle .
1	She started eating more vegetables and less fast food .	Sarah wanted to be more healthy .	Every morning Sarah went for a run .	Soon her clothes became looser !	Sarah was very proud of herself for losing 15 pounds .
1	Beth found her grandmother 's brownie recipe to use for the brownies .	Beth wanted to make some brownies .	After gathering the ingredients , Beth mixed the ingredients .	Once mixed , Beth placed the batter in the oven to bake .	Once cooled , Beth enjoyed the taste of the brownies she baked .
3	He was forced to ask strangers for them .	Mike needed change to put air in his tire .	He only had a credit card .	The pump required four quarters .	Luckily a few had some .
4	The operation went well and now he 's finally resting .	My husband works hard on our farm every day , even when he 's sick .	Yesterday his stomach hurt and never let up .	Finally around 2:30am he agreed to go to the Emergency Room .	They told him that his appendix had ruptured and he needed surgery .
2	She could n't call a tow truck .	Kim walked out to her car and had a flat tire .	Her cell phone was n't charged .	She was saddened .	She went back inside .
3	Eventually Sally stopped under a big oak tree .	Sally was walking along when she found a marble .	A little way down the road she found another .	She started following a path that was littered with marbles .	She started to dig and found a whole bag full of old marbles !
0	Bill was very obese .	He decided to get liposuction .	He needed a way to keep the weight off .	He now runs at least three times per week .	He maintains a low bodyfat percentage and good health .
0	My friend Joe lives in his car .	He used to own a home in Newton , MA .	In 2000 , he had a midlife crisis and left his wife and kids .	He moved into an apartment , but lost his job .	I hope he can at least rent a room for the winter .
2	No one at the party suspected her treachery when she arrived .	Janet the ice sculpture was commissioned to do a job for a party .	She was a fraud that just poured water in a special mold .	Once she was paid , Janet confessed to the whole room .	No one really seems to care .
3	Mike waited , did his research and found the ring he wanted .	Mike was very in love with his girlfriend .	He had a strong desire to marry his girlfriend .	Sadly he did n't have enough money to purchase the ring .	He decided to buy the ring with his tax refund .
3	Her teammates helped her study all night .	Anna was a star volleyball player .	Unfortunately , she really struggled in math .	She would n't be allowed to play in the match unless she aced the exam .	Anna aced the exam and played in the match .
4	She ended up buying a newer phone .	Allison dropped her phone .	The phone 's screen shattered as it hit the ground .	Allison picked up the phone .	She went to the store to get it repaired .
3	I had to return them to the store .	I bought a great pair of red shoe at the shoe store .	I tried them on with my dress when I got home .	I realized the shoes made me taller than my husband .	I ended up getting a white pair with no heels .
2	It was very cold in the building and Sarah was freezing .	Sarah was working at a diner .	She had the morning shift one Sunday .	Then , her boss offered to let her wear her sweater .	Sarah put the sweater on and felt nice and warm .
3	It had started storming and she heard loud thunder .	Lucy was sleeping in her bed in the middle of the night .	Suddenly she heard a loud crashing noise and jumped up .	She looked outside wondering what the sound was .	Lucy was relieved and went back to sleep .
0	My boyfriend took me to Amsterdam one year .	We stayed at a hotel near the coffee shops .	I legally smoked marijuana , but my boyfriend opted not to .	The clubs and coffee shops were like another world .	It was the most peaceful place I 've ever visited .
1	We went shopping on the boardwalk .	I took a trip with my daughter to Atlantic City .	My daughter bought a pair of purple sneakers .	When we were done shopping , we decided to get dinner .	I took her to a all seafood buffet at Bally 's and she loved it .
2	She stealthily took a neighbor Jew girl into her home .	Anna was a German who lived during the 1940s .	When World War II began , she pitied the Jews .	Anna hid her in the basement when the Nazis searched her house .	After the war , Anna adopted the girl as her own .
4	It ended when their mother pulled their dad back in the house .	Gina 's brother was walking up the street .	He was leaving after a fight with his dad .	His father was walking down the street behind him .	He was calling the boy to come back and fight some more .
1	He did n't want his mom to find out .	Alan broke his glasses at school .	He taped his glasses but they were still crooked .	When he got home , his mom did n't notice right away .	His mom DID notice when half his glasses fell in his noodle soup !
3	Suddenly , out of nowhere , National Geo wanted to hire him .	Keith wanted to be a photographer .	He started applying to every photo magazine he could .	He never got a response back .	He was so excited .
2	We crunched through the snow to a pond .	I was walking with Rich around the woods .	Winter was just ending .	Rich stepped out onto the ice .	It gave way when I did and I ended up soaked .
1	She was at her very first house party .	Bella was in eighth grade .	The kids started playing spin the bottle .	Bella 's bottle landed on her crush !	Excited , she leaned in for her very first kiss .
3	Emma went home immediately .	Emma was enjoying her lovely afternoon at the park .	She was reading a book when she felt a sharp pain in her arm .	Her arm was swollen due to a bee sting !	Her mom iced the area to help the pain .
2	Jorge went to the local store to buy a nail clipper .	Jorge noticed his fingernails were getting very long .	He needed a nail clipper in order to cut them .	When he got home he cut all of his nails very neatly .	Jorge felt great to have a clean set of fingernails .
4	Rowan recovered and was able to go home 5 weeks later .	Rowan was in the hospital because he broke his leg in an accident .	He was bored so he called took his phone and called his friend Janice .	Janice came to visit him at the hospital and she cheered Rowan up .	Rowan felt better with his friend there so stopped feeling so down .
4	The father got mad and hung up .	One day , a telemarketer called the Davis family .	The marketer asked about their political affiliations .	The father told the man on the phone that they were Democrats .	The man on the phone laughed .
2	A few minutes after the start , one contestant was leading the pack .	Last years record was a whopping twenty five pies eaten .	The four contestants this year geared up at the start of the contest .	The newcomer surged forward and ended up eating thirty two pies .	He took home the trophy and was crowned the Pie Man of the year .
3	After high school , she became a personal shopper .	Amanda was stylish and loved clothes .	But her mom worried beside shopping was n't a real career choice !	Then Amanda found a perfect solution .	Now she gets paid to shop for a living !
3	Steve began visiting the gym every day .	Steve did n't get very much exercise .	Eventually he started to gain more weight than he wanted .	His friends suggested that he started exercising .	Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained .
4	They loved the paint and said it looked amazing .	I was tired of my old grey walls .	I went to the store and bought several gallons of paint .	I painted a mural and bricks on the wall .	My family came home .
1	Charles thought no one was ever arrested for an illegal soda refill .	A lot of people take advantage of the soda refill machine .	One morning he went to Mcdonald 's and asked for a water cup .	He filled the cup with soda .	The manager screamed for security and police came from an office .
2	One year , his team made it to the state championships .	Tom used to play football in high school .	He was very good , but not the best .	However , Tom could not make it .	He still says that it 's one of his life 's greatest regrets .
4	Dan paid for the concert ticket with a sense of pride .	Dan wanted to go with his friend to a concert .	Dan did n't have enough money to pay for the ticket .	He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood .	Dan was able to save money .
4	Jim learned the guitar and enjoyed playing his favorite rock songs .	Jim wanted to learn to play the guitar .	Jim was able to buy a guitar and tried to learn on his own .	Jim decided he needed some help .	Jim 's friend agreed to teach him to play the guitar .
2	The oyster appeared old and dead .	Oscar has an oyster in his fish tank .	He always thought that his oyster was useless .	One day the oyster opened with a pearl inside !	Oscar 's oyster was far from useless that day !
1	When she got home she opened the box to have some cereal .	Rita bought a box of cereal from the grocery store .	She noticed that the inside bag had been opened already .	She went back to the store and demanded a refund .	The store manager gave her back her money .
3	A few minutes later , an Ambulance came speeding the other way .	I heard some sirens the other night .	I looked out , and four police cars were speeding down the road .	The internet police scanner said there was an accident .	The news today said the man who crashed survived .
1	He received encouragement from friends and family .	Jason entered a swimming contest today .	He started the race strong .	He got tired near the end .	He came in third place !
2	The friend kept distracting her .	Jane was driving to school .	She picked up her friend .	Jane wound up running a stop sign .	She crashed into a van .
4	All her guests were happy with the pizza !	Ana 's husband brought home surprise dinner guests .	She was frenzied .	She had n't made nearly enough food !	She decided to just call out some pizzas .
3	When his parents found him drawing on the wall , they were upset .	Josh 's mom had just had a baby .	He was jealous because the baby was getting all of the attention .	So , Josh decided to make a mess of the house .	However , they decided they were going to give him more attention .
0	They went to the pet store to see the animals .	They had baby chicks you could rent .	You would take them home for a few weeks .	Once the time was up you had to return them .	It was a very new idea and concept .
4	They loved taking a nap both laying on the same couch .	Mark had two dogs , a lab and a pitbull .	Mark always was trying to find things for his dogs to do together .	He tried to throw balls , give them bones , nothing worked .	The dogs did like one single thing that they did together .
1	He realized his son 's diaper needed changing .	Dj smelled a foul stench .	Dj did n't have a spare diaper .	He took off his shirt and used it as a fresh diaper .	He left the dirty diaper in the fast food restaurant 's trash bin .
4	He learned a lot about the world	A man failed a college history class .	He learned that the class taught things that were not exactly true .	He began to research many historical accounts of facts .	He became very knowledgable about history .
1	Since it was raining outside , I hid inside a building .	I was walking towards my class .	The rainy shower continued several minutes later .	Since I was already five minutes late , I ran to my class .	My belongings were soaked in water on the day .
3	He confessed to his mom that he was afraid of Krampus .	Finn 's sister told him he needed to behave .	If he did n't , Krampus would put him in a bag and beat him .	Finn started having nightmares about Krampus .	She explained myths and make believe , and he felt better .
0	I have recently started having green smoothies for breakfast each day .	I start with some kind of leafy greens , like spinach or chard .	I add Greek yogurt , chia and flax seeds , and frozen fruit .	Coconut oil provides a little healthy fat to balance things out .	It 's a nourishing and delicious way to start the day !
2	A few seconds later , it started to vibrate and laser shocks were sent .	Sally took out her food from the fridge .	She placed it in the microwave .	In order to save the microwave , the food was taken out quickly .	We bought a new television for her next
0	DeMarius wanted to try new products before they were released .	He signed up with a website that allowed him to do that .	Two weeks later , he received a package in the mail .	It was a cell phone to beta test !	DeMarius loved the new product .
2	They went into the garage and turned on the music .	Gina and her siblings were locked out .	She decided to distract the kids .	They kids seemed to calm down .	They sat in the garage listening to music , and playing card games .
3	When Jess got a new job , she continued living with them .	Jess was laid off from her job .	She filed for unemployment , but was rejected .	Without any money , she had to move in with her parents .	6 months later she had saved enough to buy her own house .
2	Employees began following her around offering to help her .	There was a shoplifter in my store yesterday .	Store policy is to offer `` aggressive '' customer service to deter theft .	Eventually there were six people following her everywhere she went .	She finally put everything down and left empty-handed .
2	It only motivated her to practice swimming harder .	Lucy and Gina were swimming at the local pool .	Lucy had a moment where she thought she would drown .	She swam from one end of the pool to another over and over .	Finally , when she was exhausted she sat on a lounge chair and napped .
3	The kids dried off and gathered their stuff .	The Smith family drove to the beach for a fun and relaxing day .	The kids swam in the water for hours as the parents watched .	When it was time to go home , they called the kids to come to shore .	The family headed home after a fun filled day .
3	He showed Greg his ticket to prove he was in the right seat .	Greg went to a football game .	Someone was in his seat .	He asked the man nicely to move .	Greg looked at his ticket and it was dated for the next week .
2	Since the ride was low-risk , they decided to try it out .	Dan took his son to the local carnival .	The first ride they saw was the strawberry spinning cups .	His son unexpectedly threw up .	Luckily , he felt better after a few minutes .
4	The barn cats rushed over to clean it up .	Tom was visiting his uncle 's farm .	His uncle showed him how to milk a cow .	It was hard work but he managed to get almost a full bucket .	Then the cow kicked it over .
1	But she was very low on cash !	Ness wanted to see the world .	So she bought herself a backpack and a one-way plane ticket .	Ness was going to work her way through Europe .	She was ready to explore and see the world !
3	All the kids were underage .	Greg was usually a good kid who stayed out of trouble .	One day , his friend invited him to a party .	At the party , there was beer .	The party got busted by police and Greg got grounded .
0	A captain and his men were sailing through the pacific .	All of a sudden , one of the captain 's men saw land .	They sailed over to the island and saw savage people on the beach .	The captain decided to sail around the new island to map it .	Eventually , the natives became angry and they had to sail away .
3	She went to her appointment despite her fear .	Rachel had n't see a doctor in awhile .	She needed to get her blood drawn .	But , she was very afraid of needles !	However , when the doctor drew her blood , she fainted .
4	Mike was carried off the field in a stretcher .	The quarterback threw Mike a long pass .	The ball was in the air when Tom the defender got there .	Tom impulsively hit Mike as hard as he could .	Mike went unconscious for three minutes .
2	He made lots of sandwiches from the leftover turkey .	Rob had a lot of Thanksgiving leftovers .	He was excited he did n't have to get groceries for a while .	Rob also made omelettes from his leftovers .	Rob was sick of Thanksgiving food after a few days .
4	By the time she walked out the door , she had 10 books in her bag .	Mattie could not wait to get her very first library card .	As soon as she ran into the library , the librarian gave her first card	Mattie ran up and down the library aisles to find the perfect books .	It must have taken hours for Mattie to decide on what she wanted .
1	He decided to break up with all but one of them .	Timothy had too many girlfriends .	They all cried when he told them .	Then , the girlfriend he stayed with broke up with him .	Now Timothy had no girlfriend .
3	She was allowed to stay home instead of go to school .	Holly was feeling very sick .	Her mother checked her temperature .	They found out she had a fever .	She rested the rest of the day .
4	Finally , my hair was curly .	I wanted to curl my hair .	First I brushed it all out .	Then , I heated the iron .	I curled each piece slowly .
2	Sam 's turn came and he said his dad was a CIA agent .	Sam 's teacher asked the class what their dads did for a living .	The kids listed careers such as doctor , lawyer and fireman .	This piqued the interest of the other kids .	Then , Sam felt he had betrayed his out of work dad .
1	She was always tan .	Tiffany loved to lay out by the pool .	Because of that , she started seeing moles on her skin .	One day , she noticed one of her moles had started to change .	Tiffany went to the doctor and her mole was skin cancer .
3	He stepped on an old board and his foot hit a nail .	We took our friend Rose And her five year old to get ice cream one day .	Rose 's son was very active .	He was running down the street with his ice cream .	He had to get a tetanus shot .
0	Susanne went for a hike in the mountains .	She never was the sporty type , but wanted to get in touch with nature .	The hike was arduous , but the fresh air and sunlight were wonderful .	The climax of her hike was seeing a gorgeous , crystal clear waterfall .	She resolved to come back and hike more often !
3	The person cut her hair , and she paid .	Mary drove to the nearest hair salon .	She asked how much it was for a haircut .	She said she would like a haircut .	Mary drove home .
3	The freshman backup was called in .	The football team made it to the state playoffs .	The whole school was ready to cheer them on .	However , the quarterback got hurt in the first quarter .	The team still won !
4	He was very proud of his beautiful car and all the work he had done .	Leroy found an old Ford that he wanted to restore .	He purchased it for five thousand dollars and took it home .	He spent three years replacing broken or worn parts .	He had it repainted jet black .
2	She saw her coworker driving next to her .	Denise was driving home from work .	She absentmindedly looked out her window .	Denise honked her horn to catch her coworker 's attention .	Denise 's coworker noticed her and waved happily .
0	Tim got a new set of boots .	They were black and glossy .	He wore his new boots outside .	A puddle was in the way of his path .	Tim stomped into the middle of it splashing water everywhere .
1	We packed up and hurried home .	While on vacation we heard a tornado hit our home town .	We found the houses on either side of ours were badly damaged .	Our house was totally spared and untouched by the storm .	We felt grateful and began helping our neighbors .
0	I went for a hike on a warm and sunny Tuesday morning .	I was so excited for the hike , I forgot my jacket in the car .	Halfway up the trail , the skies darkened and a nasty ice storm ensued !	I sheltered under a cold rock ledge for four frozen hours !	Mother Nature sure taught me to respect her and to always be prepared .
4	Jennifer could n't wait to go horseback riding again .	Jennifer was very excited .	She was going horseback riding .	It would be her first time riding a horse .	Jennifer loved seeing the horse , and making it gallop .
1	He flew to Atlanta and rented a car .	Anthony heard about a cultural festival in Atlanta called Freak-fest .	He met some black college students at the nearest gas station .	Anthony followed them to the Freak-fest .	Anthony found hundreds of black college students partying in a park .
1	She needed to make a project .	Jenny was participating in the science fair .	She found one online .	Then , she spent all night putting it together .	She got a second place ribbon for it .
4	He had a great time and took many pictures .	Hosea loved conspiracy theories .	One of his favorite theories is about the Roswell alien crash .	He collected many articles and essays on the event .	Hosea saved enough money to visit Roswell .
2	The teacher announced Angie got the most words of anyone .	Angie 's teacher promised a prize for solving the most jumbled words .	Angie racked her brain , working hard to win the prize .	The teacher said the prize was taking home the class Christmas tree .	Angie 's dad was mad he had to bring the car to take home the tree .
1	His parents paid for him to take lessons on the weekend .	Jake wanted to learn to play the drums .	He would play in the garage so it would n't be too loud .	Eventually he got really good .	He joined a local band and has fun playing .
4	I hope they have it again soon , so we can try more new foods .	We went to our church for a potluck supper .	Everyone brought a different dish to pass .	While a lot of them were similar , there were some unique ones too .	We really liked this version of mac and cheese that was brought .
3	He carefully customized his vehicle .	Matthew could n't wait to play Mario Kart 8 .	He hooked his new Wii U up to the television .	He waited patiently as the system updated .	He was finally ready to race .
2	After sending my wife off to work I sat on the couch .	Yesterday I had the day off from work .	I made myself a bunch of snacks and got some beers .	I watched television for hours upon hours .	I regret nothing though my wife was annoyed .
1	It never seemed to wake anyone up at night .	The clock chimed every half hour and louder on the hour .	Everyone got accustomed to the chimes and slept on .	One night , the clock stopped .	Everyone woke up and could not get back to sleep .
4	Tears ran down her cheeks until someone behind her paid for her .	Linda was on food stamps .	Her husband had died , and she needed help to feed her kids .	After filling her cart , she went to check out .	Her card was denied .
0	Luna was bored .	She decided to sleep .	She tossed and turned to no avail .	Luna opened the blinds and looked outside .	She realized it was only 6:30 pm .
2	Finally she gave up and had her tubes tied .	Dana wanted a baby girl to dress up and dote on .	But she and her husband had had four boys !	But to her shock , she became pregnant anyways !	They kept the baby - and finally got their little girl !
0	Taylor ordered a shirt off the internet .	The shirt did not fit well .	She decided to resell the shirt .	Someone purchased the shirt .	Taylor was happy to have her money back .
4	Tom was then kicked off the basketball team .	Tom loved the game of basketball .	Tom played every day .	Tom even played during school .	Tom 's grades slipped .
2	After she ate dinner she packed her backpack with all her new supplies .	Twas the night before the first day of school and Jaila was excited .	She helped her mom pick out her clothes for the next day .	When it was time for bed Jaila had trouble falling asleep .	The next morning she woke up ate breakfast and ran to the bus stop .
1	He got to work and made a cup but it tasted really bad .	Kelsey left for work for work one morning and forgot his coffee .	So then he decided he would get a cup at lunch from the local shop .	He finally got his coffee but it kept him up all night .	Kelsey knows better than to forget his coffee in the morning .
4	Because he read the hard book , Larry learned to appreciate books .	Larry did not like to read books .	His mother made him read one book a day .	Larry checked out a hard book to spite his mother .	His mother made him read it even though it was extremely difficult .
3	Her boyfriend had done the same .	Stacey wanted to surprise her boyfriend .	She bought dinner on the way home .	When she arrived she noticed food .	They had a lot to eat .
2	She never wanted to be in this situation again .	Jenna always had to leave two hours early to catch the bus for work .	She was tired of leaving so early but did n't have the money for a car .	She got a second job and took out loans for college .	Jenna now has a car , house , and is in need of nothing .
2	Tom kept bumping into Sue while they were making the food .	Tom and Sue were hungry for pancakes .	They got the ingredients together and started cooking .	They decided that they needed a bigger kitchen .	That night , they called over a contractor to help them remodel .
4	Bill still beat him .	Will thought he could rap better than his friend Bill .	He challenged him to a rap battle .	Will practiced for weeks before the battle .	In the battle he pretty good .
2	Today my wife went shopping .	We live in Cambridge , MA .	The city recently banned plastic bags .	She had to buy reusable bags .	We will keep a supply of bags in our car from now on .
3	One day a cow ran over Lindsey .	Patricia was a cowgirl .	She rode home to her lover Lindsey .	They were the only lesbian cowgirls in Kansas .	Patricia mourned her death , and then remarried Samantha the next day .
4	The teacher picked up Tina and placed Jim in timeout .	The classmates were playing dodge ball against each other .	Tina stopped paying attention for a moment to talk to her teacher .	She said that she 's enjoying the game .	Jim managed to hit her on the head with the ball .
3	Eventually , he had earned enough to buy his bicycle .	Brad wanted to buy a new bicycle .	His mother suggested that he pay for it himself .	He did yard work for his neighbors in order to earn money .	Brad happily rode his new bike home from the store .
4	Kim 's cards had been stolen from her desk at school .	Kim 's mother did n't want her to have Garbage Pail Kids cards .	Kim bought cards and hid them in her desk at school .	On Thursday her friend had new cards and wanted to trade with Kim .	Kim lifted her desk to discover her cards were gone .
2	She took some medicine and had some tea .	Erin woke up one morning feeling sick .	Her head hurt , and she was coughing a lot .	She felt terrible all day and went to take a nap .	When she woke up , she felt much better !
4	Eventually , he remembered he had her phone number so they rescheduled .	There once was a man who asked a girl out .	He went up to her and she accepted	He was so ecstatic that he forgot what day they were going .	He worried for a week trying to remember .
0	William 's car broke down right before a job interview .	He did n't want to be late .	He called a friend of his .	His friend came right over .	William got to the interview on time .
0	Maurice 's boyfriend cooked her a pasta dinner .	It was the first meal he had cooked for her .	She took a bite of it and spit it in her napkin .	It was disgusting .	Luckily he was not offended , and they both laughed it off .
2	To Kelly 's surprise , the facialist was stirring up drama .	Kelly invited Ramon to her apartment to hang out .	Ramona took her upstairs to see her facialist .	Ramona thought it was hilarious .	Kelly thought it was strange how much she learned .
0	I went to Bestbuy to get an iPad yesterday .	Unfortunately three of them had no more in stock .	I ended up driving around everywhere to pick up the right one .	Finally the Best Buy down the street had one left .	I ended up taking the very last one .
0	Cameron was riding his bike home from school .	He knew the route well so he was going rather fast .	He made a quick turn and then saw a little girl on a bike .	He was going so fast he could n't stop himself from colliding with her .	The two kids fell over and got hurt a little bit .
3	He was caught within a week .	Mika was desperate for money .	He decided to break into a neighbor 's house .	He stole some jewelry and money .	Now he 's facing jail time and thousands in fines .
1	Sarah 's mom knew Sarah was too young for her own pet .	Sarah always wanted to have a pet cat .	Instead of a cat , Sarah 's mom bought her a goldfish .	Sarah named her fish Cat .	It looks like Sarah got a pet Cat after all .
2	But she forgot to thaw the turkey !	Amy was hosting Thanksgiving dinner for her parents and inlaws .	She planned everything very carefully .	The stores were all closed so she had to improvise .	All the traditional Thanksgiving sides were accompanied by hamburgers .
0	Stella likes to feed all the stray neighborhood cats .	Stella feels compassion for the homeless animals .	Stella started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold .	Stella did not realize how hard it was to take care of indoor cats .	Stella 's house was destroyed by the 30 homeless cats she took in .
4	She ended up falling asleep .	Alexia desperately needed an A on her final exam .	She studied for 3 days straight .	She would n't eat nor sleep .	On the day of her exam she thought she was ready .
2	We went up the highway .	When our kids we young we drove up to NH on vacation .	We went to North Conway .	We drove through the long , winding Kancamagus Highway .	The drive was scenic but the kids got very bored .
1	She boiled eggs , and placed the eggs in her lunch box .	When Kia was 6 Year 's old , she decided to make her own lunch .	At school the next day , she started peeling one of the eggs .	Runny yolk spilled out of the egg .	Kia went hungry that day .
2	But I felt pretty good and wanted more .	Last night at the bar I wanted one more beer .	My friends said I had too many .	The bartender agreed with my friends .	So did the bouncer as he kicked me out .
2	Jennifer got to the office early to be sure she had time to finish .	Jennifer had a project deadline for her most important customer .	She was n't quite finished when the deadline day arrived .	She checked her email as soon as she got to her desk .	She had a message from her customer extending her deadline for a week .
2	Finally one of his friends convinces Horatio to try a gin martini .	Horatio has always loved vodka martinis .	While all of his friends drink gin martinis , Horatio preferred vodka .	Horatio loves the gin martini .	Now Horatio joins his friends in ordering gin martinis .
3	They both found gambling in Las Vegas better than home .	Charles and Greg rolled dice for money at home .	Greg had an idea , to go to Las Vegas and shoot craps .	In Las Vegas , they quickly learned the rules of the crap tables .	After 24-hours of smart gambling , together , they had $ 50,000 .
4	Amy ended up walking the bike up the hill instead of riding .	Amy and her friend were riding bikes on a summer afternoon .	They decided to ride to her friend 's cousin 's house .	There was a steep hill which was hard to ride up .	Amy was sweating and panting as she rode up the hill .
2	So she decided to make some hot chicken noodle soup .	Lori was sick with a cold .	She wanted to feel better and warm up .	It fell when she went to grab it from the stove .	Now she 's burned and has a cold too .
4	He was so happy to finally enjoy the beach and great weather .	John could n't wait until the weather was hot .	He wanted to go to the beach and play in the sand .	When it finally was hot out he made sure to go visit .	He made a sandcastle and went in the water .
3	Whitney and Kyle 's friendship ended .	Whitney and Kayla used to be best friends .	Then something happened .	Kayla started dating someone .	They no longer talk and they broke their bond .
0	Ike loved to fish .	He went all year long .	In the winter the ice fished .	He caught lots of big ones .	His family was sick of fish .
4	Now , I play to enjoy quality time with loved ones .	I used to think winning was all that matters .	I played a game with my wife .	She said she just enjoyed spending time with me .	I thought hard about what she said .
2	She did n't know what to do .	Nicole had a boyfriend .	She ended up pregnant .	She told her family .	Everyone was very supportive !
4	But then I found her in my yard .	I got a new kitten yesterday .	She was the cutest thing .	I played with her all day .	I ended up losing her this morning though .
1	They agreed , and set the entire thing up for her .	Jessica asked her parents to help start a lemonade stand .	Over the course of 2 days , she made $ 150 .	She donated all the money to a local charity .	Jessica now has a plaque with her name in city hall .
4	It only encouraged her to try even harder .	Monica always wanted to become a big actress .	Her latest audition was for a small film .	It did n't have much of a budget of popularity .	She still did n't get the part .
3	Billy decided that the likes were not for her but for the articles .	Billy did n't like that she was n't getting many likes on Facebook .	Billy started posting list articles with broad appeal .	Suddenly she was getting a lot of likes on her posts .	Billy felt that barely any likes , but genuine likes , were superior .
1	And all of his friends wanted to go on a roller coaster .	Ron was at an amusement park .	Ron was too afraid .	And he made an excuse that he was feeling sick .	Ron noticed how happy they were afterwards and regret riding it .
3	She was upset the coworker could be heard on her calls by her callers .	Amy 's boss at a call center told her she needed to move to a new desk .	Amy 's coworker across from her was a loud talker .	Amy herself spoke softly .	Amy was told there was no where to move when she demanded a new desk .
1	One day , I realized she was n't inside the house .	My female cat is very friendly to male cats .	I went searching outside , and found her with a male cat .	She was kissing him in the lips !	I scooped her up and rushed her inside .
2	The kids had a fabulous time swimming and riding bikes .	Just got back from camping in the Redwoods .	It was so relaxing to float in the river .	The campfires were the best .	We now feel so rested .
0	Angie went to get her credit card and could n't find it .	She suspected her son had stolen it .	She went to his room and asked him if he had taken it .	Her son admitted that he had taken it to buy drugs .	Angie convinced her son to go into rehab .
2	BC beat Harvard and BU beat NU .	I watched the Boston Beanpot tournament on tv this year .	Four teams play - BU , BC , Northeastern and Harvard .	BU played BC for the championship .	I was unhappy when BC won , as I am a BU grad .
3	His daughter informed Dan she had money saved and would fix it .	Dan took his daughter 's car to the auto repair shop .	They told her the repair would cost more than the car was worth .	Dan sadly told his daughter her car was not going to be repaired .	His daughter happily paid to have her car repaired .
2	It eventually rained so hard that everything was covered in mud .	It was a chilly fall afternoon when I decided to go for a hike .	I climbed through the forest enjoying the rain across my face .	My shoes were soaked with mud and freezing .	I quickly raced home to change into new clothes .
3	She mowed the lawn three times before she had earned enough .	Sara wanted to buy a book .	Sara did not have the money for the book .	She decided to mow the lawn for her parents to earn money .	Once she had the money , she bought the book .
1	He would go to class during the day and write in his dorm at night .	Ray was getting his degree in journalism .	He would write articles and reports for his portfolio .	Over time he built up a nice resume and portfolio .	He sent both out to many different employers in hopes of a job .
1	He 'd just won the lottery , and after taxes , was totally loaded .	Uncle Jock could n't believe he was rich .	Jock went down to the Apple store and bought a new laptop .	He also bought an expensive car , and a slushy at 7-11 .	Jock lived the good life for a whole year , until he was poor again .
2	The snake always ate big mice and rats .	There was a kid named Tim .	Tim had a big yellow snake .	One day the snake got sick and did not eat his food .	Tim took him to the veterinarian and he said he was just full .
0	Tom wanted nothing more than to be a cartoonist .	He sat day and night scribbling drawings .	Tom could not come up with stories as he was n't a writer .	He thought that he must find a writer to team up with .	He found Susie a old friend to join him and start a cartoon strip .
4	Rita accepted the offer and her siblings were very jealous .	Rita had many siblings .	She was apart of a triplet .	Rita and her triplet siblings were very close .	One day Rita was asked to prom and her siblings were n't .
2	His face was barely recognizable .	Buster was a soldier .	In the war , he got burned really badly .	After years of surgery , he looks like a human again .	He is happy with it .
2	She brought her to a dermatologist .	Whitney had a lot of acne .	Her mom wanted it to go away .	He gave her some great medicine .	Her acne finally cleared up .
3	Fergie was accepted into dance school .	Fergie is a dancer .	She wants to go to dance school .	At her audition she danced very well .	She ca n't wait to see where her future takes her .
0	Paul is an electrician .	He 's been especially busy this last year .	A new housing development is going up near him .	Paul has been working long days for months now .	Hopefully the development will be done soon .
4	We ate pizza and candy and watched horror movies .	When I was a kid , I went trick or treating .	My friends and I dressed up and walked around .	We went to houses and asked for candy .	When we were done , we went back to my house .
4	It is so frustrating dealing with airports these days .	I often times hate going through security at the airport .	Last time , I forgot to take my wallet and change out .	Since I did n't have them out , they made me go back through .	I then had to have my hands tested for dangerous materials .
4	Bob laughed and Jim congratulated him on finally getting him back .	Bob 's brother , Jim , was always playing pranks on Bob .	Bob always got tricked and planned to get revenge .	Bob put super glue on Jim 's comb .	Jim got the comb stuck in his hair and had to shave his hair off .
2	Unfortunately , I talk in my sleep .	I was falling asleep in class .	I started to daydream .	I woke up to the whole class laughing at me .	I had been talking in my sleep about chocolate and rainbows .
2	She proceeded to the exit .	The woman was speeding on the highway .	It got time for her to get to her exit .	She went too fast around the circling exit .	She flipped her car off the curb and died .
2	He found online that you can take calligraphy lessons .	Jason has always wanted to learn calligraphy .	He collects old letters written in this style and he loves them .	Jason signed up and practiced on his calligraphy for a year .	Now Jason is a pro and can write his own fancy letters .
0	Angela was scared of the dark .	Everyday before bed she would turn her night light on .	One day , her night light broke down .	She was stuck in total darkness .	Angela was terrified of the dark ever since .
4	He put a door on it and began to fill it with food .	Pat saw a hill in his backyard and hatched a plan .	He dug into the hill to make a deep hole .	He lined the sides of the hole with wood to make a room .	Pat used this as his roots cellar for his food .
1	He got a soda and nachos .	Sam was at a basketball game .	During half time he went to use the restroom .	When he got back his nachos were gone .	Nobody around him had any and he never found them .
4	I was so scared , but he was n't even bothered !	There are a lot of deer in the town where I live .	As we were driving to school , one walked out in front of us .	We almost hit him with our car .	He walked away like he did n't even notice us .
3	She told him that the car had died , and the vacation is cancelled .	Tom had spent his day planning a big vacation .	He had gone on lots of websites and called a lot of hotels .	Deciding on Mexico to start his vacation , he called his wife .	Tom hung up and booked it anyways , he was going to travel .
2	By mid-afternoon , Lucy was feeling very sick from all the drinks .	Lucy just turned 21 , and it was her first St Patrick 's Day !	She decided to go to the bar early with her friends .	She went into the bathroom and threw up everywhere .	She decided that she would n't celebrate St Patrick 's Day again .
1	She had to run errands and then she had to clean the house .	Julia had a lot of things to do that day .	She left early in the morning .	It took her six hours to get everything outside done .	When she got home she saw that her husband had done the cleaning .
0	Tim was the star of a new movie .	He started filming it but he did not do very well .	He realized it was because of nerves .	He took a deep breath and tried to relax .	Everything went fine after .
2	For some reason , she could n't get to sleep .	Maria was laying in her bed .	She needed to get up early the next day .	Finally , she decided to take some melatonin .	Soon enough she was able to drift to sleep .
2	Jon made it to class but Mary was n't there .	Jon asked Mary to come with him to an exercise class at the gym .	Mary agreed and said she would meet him there .	Mary texted Jon saying she forgot about the class and apologized .	Jon never tried to exercise with Mary again .
4	Chuck felt the muse flow back in as he began writing again .	Chuck watched as the number of hits diminished .	Be had to work fast while maintaining quality .	He struggled to come up with a story idea .	Suddenly he realized that that in itself is a story idea .
1	Since Drew was bored , he decided to grab Diana .	Our friends got together in recess .	He was trying to spin her around horizontally .	The teacher found out and walked to them .	He gave Drew detention for two days .
4	In addition , one fell down the stairs .	My sister 's graduation ceremony was finished .	The Principal and Staff announced to everyone that they can leave .	While people were moving down from the upper seats , a fight broke out .	Two people were wrestling with each other .
2	He started whining .	Tim was at home with his mom .	He wanted dinner .	His mother told him to stop or she wo n't feed him .	Tim was silent for the rest of the night .
4	I ran away before anybody could say anything .	Last week I was playing dominoes in the alley .	All the gang was there .	We were having fun and I kept winning .	My friend accused me of cheating .
4	Lizzy is okay with her friend being late .	Lizzy met a new friend in biology class .	They plan to meet at the library to study .	Lizzy arrives on time and her friend is late .	Her friend brings her coffee .
0	Gina had been given an hour to work in the school library .	It was almost time to return to her classroom .	She began to pack her things to return .	Gina did n't want to go back to her class .	She considered staying in the library against her teachers wishes .
1	One day she noticed an indentation on the driver 's side floor .	Amy 's car was getting old .	She took note of the indent , but did nothing about it .	After 6 months the indentation was deep so Amy took it to a shop .	The man at the car repair shop told Amy there was a hole in her floor .
3	It turned out he had more than enough for the game in coins .	Tom was trying so save up money for a new computer game .	He realized he had a bunch of coins in a large jug .	Tom decided to count and roll up all the coins .	He deposited the coins in the bank and bought the game .
2	The scarecrow worked so well that it even kept the deer away .	Birds were eating all of the vegetables from Lydia 's garden .	She made a scarecrow out of old clothes and junk from her garage .	Lydia had a great harvest that year .	Now she has a successful business selling scarecrows .
2	She went to the Home Ec room .	Ida 's shoelace broke one day in school .	She had no place to replace it .	There , she found a thin ribbon .	Ida used it as a makeshift lace for her shoe .
4	Alas , it was rotten so I could only eat half of it .	I had never eaten a mango before .	My friend offered one to me .	I decided to try it .	It was delicious !
0	I love going to carnivals .	One year , I went to a carnival .	I got on a weird ride , and it got stuck in midair .	Eventuality , they manually fixed the ride .	After that , they let us down safe .
1	He brought his toad over to Jimmy 's house .	Tom had a pet toad .	Jimmy kept a pet snake in his room .	Tom let his toad roam freely around Jimmy 's house .	Unfortunately , Jimmy 's snake got to Tom 's toad before he could .
4	He ended up failing and close his doors a year later .	There was a pizza store in a small town .	The next month a competitor wanted to enter the pizza market .	The company was called pizza man Dan .	He tried for a year to break into the market .
3	I went out front to look for them .	I let all my dogs out back in the morning .	About an hour later I went out there to check on them .	They were missing !	They were all there by the front door .
4	Bob played with his new RC car for hours afterwards .	Bob 's parents had sent him some birthday presents in the mail .	He was excited to open them up after work .	His mother had sent him a brand new RC car .	Bob was so elated !
3	They figured out that ice cream floats would be best .	Jane loves to eat ice cream .	Her husband thinks it is too sweet .	So they decided to compromise .	They made the floats and both were happy .
1	While the other kids were excited , Nell felt uneasy .	Nell 's class went to an amusement park for a special treat .	She was afraid to ride roller coasters with her classmates .	Nell told the kids she had a heart condition so she could n't ride .	When Nell got back to school , she was sent to the nurse .
1	She decided to make a trip to the grocery store .	Erica was out of milk .	She started up her car .	All of a sudden , she noticed her tail light was off .	She fixed it by hitting it with her purse .
1	I forgot my credit card at home , and did n't have any cash on me .	I packed the family in the car and headed to the grocery store .	We filled an entire cart with the food we needed for the week .	We got to the register and could n't pay .	It was very embarrassing .
2	I thought I did a great job .	Today my pants ripped .	I decided to sew up the torn seam .	The seam busted again .	I decided to get a new pair of pants .
2	He has all different friends from different nationalities .	Benzi attends school in New York City .	Every weekend he eats at different types of restaurants .	He loves attending school in the city .	He wants to live there when he grows up .
1	They were fighting each other .	Jim ran across his two brothers .	One of the brother ended up being knocked down .	However , Jim got hit by his back .	Both of them landed on the ground .
2	When she made it to the front she asked for the movie .	Jane went to go see a popular movie on a Friday night .	She waited in a long line to get her ticket .	The theater worker told her she bought the last one .	Everyone behind her became angry .
4	Brad realized he was better off with his old reliable phone all along .	Brad was jealous when his friend purchased a fancy new smartphone .	He hated his phone and resented not being able to afford a new one .	His friend had many complaints about the new phone and its problems .	A new version soon made his friend 's new phone more or less obsolete .
0	I went to the store .	I found a wallet on the ground with $ 1000 .	The ID inside the wallet listed a nearby address .	I drove to the address and returned the wallet .	The owner of the wallet was so happy , she gave me $ 100 .
3	Within a month it will be an Italian restaurant only .	Ashley loves this Mexican joint down the street from her house .	They have the best burritos and she goes there almost daily .	She was just told that the place was bought out by an Italian owner .	Ashley now has to learn to love Italian food .
1	he has been staying extra hours to get the job done .	Tom has been working hard at work .	The rest of the office think Tom is a swell guy .	One day Tom gets called into the office .	Tom 's boss gives him a raise .
4	But Carla is in the first grade and she needs to talk , she said .	Carla 's teacher requested to have a talk with Carla 's mother .	So Carla 's mother came to the classroom to talk .	The teacher said Carla needed to stop sucking on pacifiers .	Carla 's mom said no because they kept Carla quiet .
0	Kelly wished she had a pair of trendy knee-length Capri pants .	She checked stores , but they were all so expensive .	Finally she decided to try to create her own .	She carefully cut and sewed an old pair of pants .	Soon she had a stylish pair of homemade capris !
0	Wesley had a science fair this week .	His project was about the amount of sugar in different drinks .	His board showed bags of sugar representing the amounts .	Looking at the board was quite shocking .	His project ended up winning second place !
3	Carl found a deep hole and climbed inside .	Carl got stranded on a desert island .	He searched for something that he could eat .	After twelve days of searching Carl was unable to find any food .	Carl died of starvation inside the hole that he had climbed in .
3	After two years , he became a production assistant .	JB wanted to work in show business .	He took an unpaid internship on a TV show fetching coffee .	After a year , he was hired at minimum wage to run errands .	Ten years after JB started as an intern , he became the director .
2	They went to an Italian restaurant to celebrate .	Tommy and Erica had been a couple for a year .	It was their anniversary today .	They ate steak and drank lots of wine .	At the end of the night they had to take a taxi to get home .
3	She went into labor and had a baby girl .	Lisa was due to give birth at any moment .	The anticipation was high .	Lisa did not know the gender of her baby .	Lisa cried tears of joy !
4	Her mom rushed right to the office and hugged her tightly !	Lee and her mom went to the mall , but Lee got lost !	She wandered around sadly looking for her mom .	Then a security guard found her and took her aside .	They paged her mom on the intercom .
2	Then he noticed something strange .	Jim bought an old painting at an antique store .	He hung the frame in his house .	There was a note behind the painting .	It was a map of some sort , and Jim hoped it led to treasure .
1	One of them told me I had to put handrails on my steps .	The county inspectors visited our trailer park .	I visited John and asked him to help me build some handrails .	So John came over to my place with some wood and some tools .	Then John and I built a really stable set of handrails for my steps .
0	I had a terrible customer at the restaurant today .	She asked for a bottle of wine .	When I brought the bottle of wine , she complained about the long wait .	Although it had not been long at all , I apologized .	Instead , I wish I could have told her that she was rude .
1	They booked a hotel .	Rick and Kim decided to take a trip .	When they arrived at the hotel , they were surprised .	It was gorgeous .	They decided to stay in and order room service and enjoy it .
4	Kia remained calm and got away from the dog safely .	Kia loved to take walks .	She would walk for hours at at time .	One time Kia ran into a stray dog .	The dog did n't seem to be very friendly .
0	Tom had a toy bulldozer .	He lover playing with it .	He wanted a real one , however .	So he studied hard in school .	When he graduated , he got to use a real bulldozer
0	There was an artist named Jacob .	He was trying to become famous .	He would paint every day to practice .	One day , someone finally noticed him .	The word began to spread and his work became famous .
2	Richard took very good care of the tree .	Richard 's parents bought him an apple tree .	Richard happily planted it in his backyard .	He could n't wait for his first harvest .	His first bite into an apple resulted in half of a worm in his mouth .
2	Simon told Joey that if he did n't stop , he would have to leave .	Simon invited Joey over for a playdate .	Joey thought it would be funny to mess with Simon 's Pokemon cards .	Joey did n't stop .	Simon made Joey go home .
4	She was n't allowed to burn candles since she could burn down the house	Amy wanted to feel sophisticated .	She was 16 and decided that an oil burner was sophisticated enough .	At home she lit a tea light and put in the burner .	Her mother smelled the vanilla downstairs and took the burner from her
1	She always found great deals .	Kate loved using coupons .	Last week she gathered a bunch and went to the store .	She bought several items and barely paid any money for them	Kate was happy with the deals .
1	Her parents told her she had to earn her own money .	Susie wanted a pair of skates .	Susie began making beaded bracelets and necklaces .	She went door to door selling her jewelry .	Susie quickly made enough to buy her skates .
0	Carl had been anticipating the movie for months .	He purchased tickets online well in advance .	A ferocious storm causes it to be canceled in his theater .	People in other locations got to see it .	Their reviews on the internet spoiled it for Carl .
2	Angel messed up on a note and felt embarrassed internally .	Angel was playing in a band .	He was playing a difficult song and was doing his best to play right	When he realized that nobody noticed he felt relieved .	Angel continued to play and played an excellent show .
4	When she came back in she sneezed a lot and caught a cold !	Jessie woke up and saw that it had snowed overnight .	She was hoping that school was canceled .	Her mom told her there was no school today due to snow !	In her excitement to go out and play Jessie forgot to wear a coat !
2	He opened the box and began taking out the ornaments .	Tony wanted to decorate his Christmas tree .	He went to the attic and got all of the ornaments down .	One by one , he hung all of them on the tree .	He finished the tree by placing the star on the top .
3	Cyborg 's side was out numbered by twenty extra robots .	One day there was a robot , named Cyborg who fought for his side .	Cyborg fought brave and hard with his friends around him .	The robots on the other side where bigger and stronger .	Cyborg 's side could not beat the extra robots and lost the fight .
3	I screamed to the bus driver to not let him off .	I was riding on the bus today .	A person bumped into me .	The person who bumped into me started to hurry off the bus with my pur	The bus driver kept the door closed till the police came .
1	I bought all the materials and went to class prepared .	I took an art class once .	I worked hard every single day .	On the last day of class , my teacher praised me for my improvement .	My hard work paid off !
2	When I started playing it I could n't stop .	I got a new racing game yesterday .	I was very excited to play it .	I waited till I beat the game until I would stop .	Finally after hours of playing I stopped .
2	Gabby wanted her boys to learn their alphabet .	Gabby had a set of twin boys .	They were one year old and were pretty smart .	She began practicing it with them everyday for hours .	In a month 's time the boys could recite their alphabet on their own .
4	She had four aces .	Zion loved to play cards .	She gambled too much .	One day she had gambled a lot of money .	She ended up winning a lot of money !
0	Amy wanted to give up chocolate for Lent .	She kept herself from eating for a week .	The next week , she started having huge cravings .	She caved and bought three bags of chocolate to take home .	Amy felt regret as she was eating the chocolate .
3	And his teacher 's instruction resulted in no improvements .	Matt wanted to learn how to play chess .	So he joined his school 's chess club .	During practice , he was consistently beaten .	After months of struggling , Matt quit .
3	This time it was even worse than before .	Edward was sick and was prescribed antibiotics .	He felt better and stopped taking them .	A while after he got sick with the same thing again .	He made sure to take all his antibiotics this time .
2	He had enough to feed his men and also to smoke and preserve .	Bravo caught many salmon fishes during his trip .	He was head of his tribe and usually gets the food .	He put all the rest of the salmon over the smoky fire and left .	Then a bear smelled the salmon and ate it all .
4	Anna was never able to figure out how the book ended .	Anna was reading a book .	She went to take a sip of water .	Suddenly , she knocked her cup over .	The entire book became soaking wet and fell apart .
2	He had a hard time hearing what the other man was saying .	Jeff called his insurance company to file a claim .	He waited 30 minutes for a person to speak with .	The other man began to shout into the phone to be heard .	Jeff hung up on the insurance agent for being loud .
2	His malpractice insurance lost the case .	Tom was a doctor for ten Year 's .	He made one mistake and was sued .	He had to pay some money out of pocket .	He 's having a hard time finding more insurance now .
4	She smashed the piano keys with her hands and broke a finger .	Mary was learning to play her piano but not getting better .	She talked to her teacher who explained that practice makes perfect .	The teacher went over multiple lessons and helped Mary out .	Mary went home and began playing but still had trouble .
0	Jan needed to read a book for class .	She did not own the book , so she went to the library .	She was confused about where to look so she asked the librarian .	The librarian looked the book up in the system and found it for her !	Jan checked the book out and took it home for her assignment .
0	Billy and Joe left for vacation yesterday .	I tried calling to check on them but they never answered .	After going to their house to check on their animals , I tried calling .	They finally answered the phone !	They let me know they were safe and made it to the beach .
2	They spent all day picking a perfect flat screen at the store .	The Newton family needed a new television .	Their dog was excited playing with a ball and broke the old one .	They were excited to get it home .	Unfortunately it lasted no more than a few hours before the dog got it
4	Jane hit it out of the park on her first swing !	Jane played for her school 's softball team .	She wanted to impress her coaches at the next game .	So she practiced her swings and hits every moment she could .	On the next big game day , she stepped up to the plate .
2	She thought his feet must hurt in the shoes .	Jane 's son was a preteen and growing quickly .	Jane noticed her son was walking oddly in his shoes .	She checked and his toes were at the front of the shoes .	Her son did n't like his new shoes but Jane forced him to wear them .
4	Mary hopped on the airplane to her business conference next day .	Martha wanted to attend a business conference .	She asked her boss for funding .	Her boss gave her $ 1000 for travel and hotel expenses .	Mary was delighted .
1	The local cat that thinks he owns that garbage went to look .	Some raccoons climbed into my garbage one night .	The raccoons were small , but there were three of them .	They tried to run when the cat came by .	The cat saw them and ran instead .
2	She decided to ask the salon if they were hiring .	Taylor needed a job that she was good at .	She was good at cutting hair .	The salon manager told her they were hiring to qualified candidates !	Taylor got the job after showing off her skills !
3	The very souls of the judges and crowd were touched .	An old , frumpy woman appeared on the stage , to disinterest and jeers .	The judges snickered openly at the stocky spinster .	She opened her mouth , unleashing a voice of heavenly splendor .	The woman finished her song and smiled in triumph .
3	Someone threw a paper airplane at her .	The teacher was getting frustrated .	The students were fooling around and not paying attention .	She began to write a difficult problem on the board .	She left the room sobbing and never taught again .
3	Bob cashed in his ticket at the gas station .	Bob bought a lottery ticket at the gas station .	Later that night he checked online for the results .	He had won $ 100 !	Afterwards , Bob bought dinner with his earnings .
3	Scott ended up buying 5 different whiskeys .	Scott is a whiskey enthusiast .	On one particular business trip , he visited a whiskey bar .	He was overwhelmed with the selection of fine whiskeys .	He had a huge headache the next day , but did n't mind it all .
0	Jim started humming a tune .	His friends became annoyed .	Jim was completely oblivious .	His friends finally told him to stop humming .	Jim stopped humming and started singing out loud .
2	It took all of 17 hours for him to be born .	I knew I was in Labor .	This pain was different .	And after he was born the pain just stopped .	Labor is really the most intense pain ever .
4	It took her back to her childhood since she had n't seen one in years .	Amy grew up on a farm in Illinois .	Her family moved to the city when she was 14 .	She visited her grandmother farm for the first time in 20 years .	After dark they sat on the porch and a firefly landed on Amy 's arm .
3	I put the turtle into a box and released it near a pond .	We lived in a basement condo .	One day I found a snapping turtle in the hall .	I think it crawled through a window .	Somebody told me there were a lot of turtles in the pond .
3	I showed her the evidence yesterday .	My girlfriend always hogs the bed sheets when we sleep .	She claims not to but it 's obvious .	I set up a camera to catch her in the act .	She called me creepy and broke up with me today .
2	Bob did n't realize he could n't eat it .	Bob loved to eat chocolate .	One day Bob 's body developed an allergy to chocolate .	Bob ate a large chocolate bar .	Bob got very sick and had to go to the hospital .
4	The lady became Sheila 's bridesmaid replacement .	It was Sheila 's wedding day and she was excited .	Her sister who was a bridesmaid was n't showing up .	Her boyfriend would n't let her attend because he was jealous .	Sheila picked a random lady in the crowd who could fit the extra dress .
4	Her cake still tasted delicious .	Jane was making strawberry cake .	She was mixing all the ingredients ingredients together .	She realized she forgot the strawberries .	Jane decided it would be okay .
3	Her owner tried to train her .	Bayleigh was a bad dog .	She chewed up the pillows .	She tore up the rug .	Bayleigh had to stay in the kennel overnight .
3	He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out .	Bobby found a kitten on his way home from school .	He picked the kitten up and took it home .	He fed the kitten and got the kitten water .	He ended up adopting the kitten and drove home with it .
3	She went to the doctors and got a drug for it .	Valerie started seeing things that were n't there .	SHe was too old to have imaginary friends .	She decided she needed to get medication .	SHe felt better .
4	She stuck her homemade cards in her backpack instead of giving them .	Annie decided to make her own cards to hand out on Valentine 's Day .	She gathered materials and worked hard to make each card special .	Annie pictured how pleased her classmates would be with the cards .	At school , Annie saw her classmates swooning over store bought cards .
1	He went to Ikea .	Joe needed a new desk .	They had both pine and oak desks .	Joe decided on the pine because it was cheaper .	Joe regretted his decision when the desk broke after two days .
0	I woke up one morning and got ready for work .	I began to feel queasy while driving on the road .	I walked into work and immediately started to vomit .	My boss found out and told me to go home .	I went back to my car , drove home , and relaxed on my couch .
0	Tim was ready for his birthday .	He wanted new name brand shoes .	On his birthday his mother bought his store brand shoes .	He sadly considered them fake shoes .	However he changed his mind when he realized his life could be worse .
0	Carey walked her dog in the dog park every day .	Seeing all the dogs there gave her an idea .	She decided to start a dog walking business .	She put up fliers and knocked on doors of dog owners .	Now Carey walks 9 dogs in the dog park every day .
1	One day he noticed it was hard to breath .	Zeke was getting older .	He started having bad chest pains .	His wife rushed him to the hospital .	He suffered a mild heart attack .
4	Lisa 's pain went away , and she was grateful for Terry 's advice .	Lisa woke up one day with a pain in her neck .	When she told her best friend , Terry suggested she get acupuncture .	Lisa had never had acupuncture and was nervous , but decided to go .	She had a very relaxing and comfortable experience .
1	He had just gotten a brand new stereo system in his car .	Randy was going on a cruise with his friends .	He played his tunes on full blast .	All of a sudden , he got pulled over by the police .	The police officer gave him a warning for playing his music too loud .
4	Sal refused and paddled forward , and they were never seen again .	Sal and Betty were on a boat in a swamp .	The water was thick and cold .	Gators and snakes were in the water too .	Betty wanted to go back and get out of the water .
3	Ashley and Lauren are still good friends , and Ashley learned a lesson .	Ashley lied to her friend Lauren .	Lauren found out , and she was really mad .	Ashley apologized to Lauren , and Lauren forgave her .	She realized that telling lies to friends is never a good idea .
4	I soon realized the battery in my watch died .	After dinner , I went for a short walk .	John called and told me to meet him at the movies at nine .	When I looked down , my watch read three o'clock .	I was confused because it was dark outside .
4	Rex smiles every day now as he walks by it .	Rex passed by a torn concrete wall every day .	He decided to do something about it .	Rex bought various colors of paint from the hardware store .	He enlisted the aid of local artists and they painted a mural .
1	She gave her daughter Sadie instructions on how to do everything .	When May 's grandson was born , she tried to pass on all her knowledge .	Eventually Sadie told her mother firmly to stop trying to take over .	May was a little hurt when Sadie told her to stop butting in .	But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .
3	Sue barely had time to move off her chair when the thunder rumbled .	The sun was shining brightly and it was very warm .	Sue was relaxing on her patio drinking iced tea .	Suddenly she saw a bright flash across the sky .	Startled and out of breath , Sue ran into her house .
1	She was not feeling well .	Hallie woke up .	She got mad when she had to miss school .	Hallie went back to sleep .	When she woke up she felt much better .
2	An underling poisoned half the people in the state with bad water .	Leslie strove to stand up for his ideals .	He was a natural leader of men .	Leslie took responsibility despite having nothing to do with it .	He resigned and the underling now has Leslie 's old position .
4	Eventually , one triumphed .	I once needed to write a story .	I decided to write about dragons .	They had to fight each other for a mate .	They fought for days .
3	Eventually everyone gave up on trying to coax him to practice .	George had an innate gift for music .	His teacher could n't believe how quickly he learned .	But George preferred to watch television instead of practice .	Years later , George looked back with shame at what he had squandered .
0	The family took the Christmas tree and lights out of storage .	The father tested the lights .	Three of the strands were burned out .	The mother went to the store and bought more lights .	The family was finally able to decorate the Christmas tree .
0	Charlie was fired from his job .	Charlie found that he needed a new job if he wanted money .	He searched the classified ads for job openings .	Because he had no skills he could find no job he was qualified for .	After searching fruitlessly Charlie instead enlisted in the military .
1	She asked for help locating a book in the library .	A kind lady approached me in school .	I offered to help and also took her to the place .	Eventually , a group of security officers attacked her .	They told me that she violated her house arrest restrictions .
3	She waited till the crowd cleared and approached the board alone .	After a week of waiting , the JV volleyball roster was posted .	Amy ran from her junior high to the high school to see if she made it .	There were tons of kids milling around the bulletin board .	Amy jumped for joy when she saw her name on the roster .
2	She strapped the skates on .	Penn bought herself a pair of rollerblades .	She was eager to learn how to skate .	Then she hesitantly began skating slowly .	Soon she could rollerblade quickly and skillfully !
4	Before I can say anything , he ran away .	I met with a person in front of school .	He told me that he has my shoes in his bags .	I exchanged my money for the shoes .	When I looked inside the box , there was a vase .
4	She gained many new friends because of this .	Jessica lived many years ago in a rural village .	She decided to throw a party for the tribal elders .	The party was great .	Everyone in town thanked her .
3	The children were complaining about not selling enough candy .	Lucas volunteered to do a fundraising campaign .	He took several kids around the neighborhood to sell chocolate .	Since he was shy , only a few customers bought them .	They had to return most of the candy .
4	After that night , the cousins decided to stay in the cabin .	Four cousins pitched a tent as their parents looked on from the cabin .	They settled into sleep around 10 PM .	Around 11 PM , a massive storm crashed around them .	The parents watched in horror as the cousins huddled in the tent .
4	She divorced her husband and is single to this day .	Joanna dated many boys when she was younger .	As she got older she wanted to get married .	She eventually got married and had a child .	Joanna often dreamt of being single after she was married .
2	Then one day as she entered a supermarket , she saw a stunning man .	Dahlia had dreamed often of the man of her dreams .	She would wonder when he would walk into her life .	His name was Toby and he instantly swept her off her feet .	They began cordially dating , and later married .
3	Her reasoning was they 'd never go down there .	Hank had a feeling his kids were snooping for Christmas gifts .	He 'd caught them casually peeking in his closet and garage .	Hank 's wife suggest they stash the gifts in the spooky basement .	Till the morning he heard screams and pounding on the basement door .
1	A song played she heard a boy listening to .	Gina was in her room listening to music .	She ran to the radio and pushed record on her tape deck .	She was recording over another song .	This was more important , so she did n't care .
0	I met a great guy at the dog park .	He patted my dog and then introduced himself .	We ended up talking for an hour .	He then suggested that we go to dinner .	We ate at a great sushi restaurant that allowed dogs .
2	Boris bought a movie poster and put it in his cubicle .	Boris felt that his workplace lacked personality .	He brainstormed about how to improve this situation .	His manager told him to take it down .	Boris bought a personalized mousepad instead and it was allowed .
3	They brought him to their house .	Matt decided to move to England .	He was nervous because he had never traveled so far before .	When he got there , he was met by some friendly people .	Matt was happy because everyone was so nice and welcoming .
4	John implemented the advice in talk and saw his life improve	John heard a moving speech given at a TED talk .	John felt a way he had never felt before during that talk .	He felt inspired and moved .	John watched it again and took notes .
0	Lou was headed home .	He 'd had a long day at work .	He got stuck in traffic for a while .	He finally got to his house .	Lou relaxed with a can of beer .
3	Then ran to the gate and closed it .	The dogs were chained up .	But that did n't stop them from leaping at Gina .	She filled their bowls quickly .	She was happy to have finished the chore .
4	He worriedly checked on her , and she was okay .	Manny was walking with his newborn daughter .	Suddenly , he stepped on something sharp .	The shock caused him to fall over .	His daughter fell from his arms .
1	She was getting far behind on her bills .	Veronica was having money trouble , which made her nervous .	She decided she 'd better get a roommate to cut down on expenses .	She asked her friend to move in with her and her friend agreed .	Things became a lot easier to handle when costs were split in half .
0	When I was a little girl , I loved to play with Barbie dolls .	Barbie had lots of clothes and accessories and things to do .	She had jobs , hobbies , chores and dates that required a gown .	Everything came easy for Barbie , one simply had to change her clothes .	In real life , one can not change clothes and assume another identity .
2	He purchased a drone and video camera on eBay .	Tim wanted to become a YouTube star .	He decided to make aerial videos with a drone .	He spent many hours creating videos of scenic outdoor nature shots .	Tim made millions from his videos on YouTube .
0	Amy was upset because her bananas were too ripe .	She 'd purchased a bunch and then had n't eaten them in time .	She really hated the thought of throwing away food !	Then she had an idea - she would bake a banana cake !	The overripe bananas made a very moist and delicious cake .
2	This time Jane searched for a remedy online .	Jane was shocked to see her daughter 's nose bleeding again .	The last nosebleed lasted 20 traumatic minutes .	She the child tilt her head down while holding tissue in her nose .	After 5 minutes the ordeal had passed .
3	Her mother found the candy in the vomit .	Amy 's dog stole candy from her .	Later the dog looked sick .	He walked into the living room and vomited .	Amy was grounded because she lied to her mom .
4	It lasted hours .	Remy was shopping .	He noticed some dark clouds coming in .	He hurried home in anticipation of a storm .	The storm hit his house soon after .
0	Kelsi had broken her nose when she went swimming the other day .	She also had a black eye .	In order to cover it , she went and bought sunglasses .	She bought the first ones she could see .	When she saw the glasses she thought they were beautiful .
1	They would always invite this girl and Jeremy to parties .	Jeremy 's friends wanted him to meet a certain girl .	One night , the girl finally showed up to one of the parties .	Without being introduced , Jeremy and the girl found each other .	They hit it off and began a wonderful relationship .
2	His pizza still did not arrive after an hour .	Jake was really hungry .	He decided to order a pizza .	They forgot his order .	Jake had to call them again to get his pizza delivered .
3	And he left the plate in the sink .	Bob was doing the dishes .	But there was food stuck to one of the plates .	He blamed his brother for not rinsing it out .	Bob decided to never rinse his plates and neglected doing the dishes .
4	Trina worked on her takeoff and by summer she was winning races .	Trina , 12 , wanted to be a swimming champion .	But she was n't winning any races .	A friend of her family 's decided to coach her in swimming .	She told Trina her weakness was in her take off , not her swimming .
2	Jon opened his umbrella .	Jon was walking to work .	It started to rain .	His umbrella broke after a few minutes .	Jon showed up to work drenched in water .
1	She bought a dozen diapers in cute prints .	Lisa wanted to save money , so she decided to cloth diaper her baby .	Every day she washed out diapers and ran loads of laundry .	After a few weeks of this , she bought a pack of disposables .	She decided that the cost was well worth the time she saved !
4	Bob 's car is now the nicest in the neighborhood .	Bob loved his car .	His car was old with chipped paint .	One day Bob won the lottery !	Bob used the money to upgrade his car .
0	John had just made some rice in the microwave .	His girlfriend needed to use the microwave next .	She went to put her dish in and saw a huge mess .	The thing was full of water and mashed rice .	She yelled at John until he came and cleaned it up .
0	My wife was off today and slept late .	Our cat came up to me .	I went to feed her but she ran back to the bedroom .	She wanted me to get my wife to feed her .	I was amused by this crazy cat .
1	Shane looked up the laws about evictions online .	Shane 's landlord was trying to force him to move out .	He learned that this eviction was illegal .	He filed a report .	Luckily , his landlord backed down .
0	Lisa was excited that she had a brand new box of crayons .	Crayons were best when they were new with pointy edges .	She had a new coloring book , too .	She stayed inside all morning to color .	Her mother hung one of her masterpieces on the refrigerator .
2	His family dragged him along , anyways .	Jon 's family decided to go to vacation in India .	Jon did n't want to go to India .	Jon was angry .	But , he soon fell in love with India !
3	Bryce decided to make his own pudding one day .	Bryce loves pudding .	He recently bought some chocolate pudding at the store .	He liked the pudding so much he bought more .	That was the only day he ever tried to make his own pudding .
4	He ended up asking her out on a date .	John was depressed because his girlfriend had broken up with him .	It was over a month ago but he could n't forget about it .	He decided to take his dog to the dog park .	While he was there a very pretty girl started talking to him .
2	Her father encouraged her to apply to one more school just in case .	Beth applied to five different schools before she graduated from high	Still , she was extremely worried she would n't get accepted anywhere .	When the letters came , she opened them breathlessly .	It turns out she was only accepted to the sixth school !
1	He grasped its saddle firmly .	Ike took a turn on the mechanical bull .	It began to buck wildly .	Ike tried to hold on , but he was thrown .	He landed on the floor , laughing !
0	Lisa decided to take hula classes .	She was awkward , and tripped over her feet .	The other girls made fun of her .	Lisa cried , and swore never to go back to the class .	The next week , she went back , head held high .
3	Billy tripped and flew onto the pavement .	Billy ran very fast all the time .	He ran to school and back .	He did n't tie his shoes one day .	He ended up bruising both knees and chipping a tooth .
2	She pulled at the tear with a bit too much force .	Amy could n't open her bag of chia seed .	She bit the corner to start a tear .	The bag flew open and chia spilled everywhere .	Amy had to throw away all the Chia seeds .
4	He took his ice cream and ate it .	Fred wanted ice cream .	He drove to an ice cream shop .	He ordered two scoops of chocolate .	On top , he asked for some candy bits .
3	Luckily , the school put her in a group .	Jamie was about to enter the sixth grade .	Today was her orientation .	At first , she was overwhelmed and nervous .	There , she made two close friends .
3	Sandy cowered in fear because no one ever stood up to her .	Sandy liked to push around other girls during school .	She pushed the wrong person one day .	Sandra was a much bigger girl and took no prisoners .	Sandra was the winner of the one sided fight .
4	Willy played great and was the mvp .	Willy had butterflies in his stomach .	The day of the big game had arrived and he was nervous .	They jogged out onto the field and the other team was already there .	This was going to be a big day .
1	In the house she searched the bags while her mom was n't looking .	Amy had hidden candy in her mom 's shopping bags .	She found the candy but her mom was too close .	She waited till her mom walked away .	Amy hid the candy in her shirt and ran upstairs .
2	He was surprised when he was being bullied by a classmate .	Cruz was a good kid .	He was excited for his first day at his new school .	Cruz told his teacher about the bully .	The next day Cruz learned that they boy was moved to a new class .
1	He took a motorcycle license course and passed .	Dan thought it would be cool to ride a motorcycle .	He shopped for a bike and found a cool Harley .	That night , the news showed a man killed on a motorcycle .	Dan 's new motorcycle gathers dust in the garage .
2	Mike quits his job .	Mike is tired of his office job .	He dreams of becoming an entrepreneur .	Now Mike does n't have any money .	Feeling embarrassed , Mike applies for another job .
3	One day , I saw my Daddy out the window holding one of the rabbits .	When I was little , we lived on a farm out in the country .	We had a lot of rabbits that lived in cages .	The rabbits had lots and lots of babies .	The rabbit was making a squealing noise .
2	Sarah spent all afternoon trying to fix it herself .	Sarah wanted to mow her lawn .	When she got the lawn mower out , she realized it was broken !	Eventually exhausted , she called her dad for help .	Her dad came right over and got it fixed in 10 minutes .
3	One week Cruz was busy with his new game and did n't study .	Cruz was in elementary school .	He had a spelling test on a weekly basis .	He usually studies for his test and gets good grades .	He failed his spelling test and was grounded from his new game .
2	Then she scanned her store loyalty card .	Maya went shopping .	She loaded her groceries into the checkout lane .	With the card , Maya saved over ten dollars !	She was glad she had a loyalty card !
0	The student had a bright future ahead of him .	He always maintained a rather high grade point average .	During his senior year he met a girl and they fell in love .	Shortly after , the student 's grades began to drop and he felt awful .	He ended up dumping the girl and got his grades back on track .
3	After searching the attic for a few minutes , they found the gown .	Alex was really looking forward to graduation .	But the morning of the ceremony , Alex spilled milk on her gown !	She was frantic until her sister mentioned she had her old gown .	Alex made it to her graduation just in time .
4	Lisa left school having one of the best days of her life .	Lisa 's first day of elementary school was approaching .	Her parents purchased her all of her supplies .	The first day approached and she was really nervous .	She arrived and everyone made her feel welcome .
4	I also gave him a large hug before he left .	Diana asked if I wanted to hang out with her for Halloween .	I told her that I was busy and decided to go to the soup kitchen .	The place was packed with several people .	When I served one particular kid , he got on his knees and thanked me .
1	After several minutes , his car immediately shut down .	Greg was driving at night .	He had to wait for help for several hours .	Another driver stopped by his car .	She offered a ride home or a phone call to the towing service .
0	Lori 's class was supposed to be dissecting frogs .	Lori and several others expressed outrage at the idea .	Lori 's teacher said anyone who refused would fail the class .	Lori considered the importance of grades versus principles .	She picked up a knife and started dissecting the frog .
4	To her Reggie 's dinosaur looked like a bunny .	Reggie and Ally were laying on the ground looking up at the sky .	They were taking turns finding shapes in the clouds .	Reggie said he saw a dinosaur .	Ally just could n't see it .
3	He cooked the meal , then invited his friend Bob over .	Today was Saturday and Zach had nothing to do .	He looked online for things to do alone .	He ended up going to the store to look for ingredients to a meal .	Bob said the meal was great , now they spent the night together .
2	Our cat hates it .	My wife used the vacuum cleaner today .	It is very noisy .	She hid under the bed for an hour after the vacuuming stopped .	She slowly came out and is fine now .
1	Tina taught me otherwise .	I thought astrology was phoney baloney .	She said Sagittarius would be the love of my life .	I met Hunky Howard who was born on the Sagittarius cusp .	Now I believe in cosmic science called astrology .
2	When she was a teenager her friends talked her into joining a gang .	Joe lived two houses down with his adopted daughter .	Joe gave his daughter everything he had because he loved her so much .	For her initiation they made her participate in robbing her Dad 's house .	During the robbery her Dad came home and was stabbed to death .
3	The liquid drowned a book she had left on the table .	Olivia was carrying a hot bowl of soup .	She tried to gently put it on the table , but it was too hot .	She accidentally spilled the soup across the table .	She tried to save it but the book was ruined .
2	Last Saturday he was partying and went to get the guitar .	Lance always loved playing the guitar .	Every time he was at a party he would play for everyone .	His friends all told him not to .	They finally had the courage to tell him he was terrible .
3	After a few months he was able to ride down the sidewalk .	Kevin wanted to learn how to skateboard .	He bought a used board from a friend .	He then took lessons at the skate park on the weekends .	After a year Kevin was able to do tricks at the skate park .
4	By the time they were done , she was so hungry she ate three !	Ann really wanted a burger .	But she found that all the local restaurants were closed !	Ann dug through her freezer and found beef and rolls .	She impatiently fried up her own homemade burgers .
4	Mason was sure his business would be a success .	Mason was excited to open his new insurance office .	He had worked very hard .	He cut the ribbon and opened for business .	On his first day he had many clients .
2	He 'd put flowers and colorful stones on carefully arranged twigs .	Eli built a small shrine to the nature spirits .	It was a simple thing , but he was proud of it , nonetheless .	Eli 's classmates came over and saw what he 'd made .	Eli tearfully watched as they kicked it , destroying it completely .
2	She noticed she would see spots .	Sam started to get headaches .	She never experienced them so frequently .	She finally went to the doctor .	Sam was diagnosed with migraines .
4	They matched Ella 's dress perfectly !	Ella needed heels for her prom dress .	But she had none , and she could n't afford a new pair .	So she asked her mom to borrow a pair .	Her mom presented Ella with a pair of pink high heels .
0	David kept telling Kenny he was a better ball player .	Kenny completely disagreed .	David kept making comments , and Kenny finally challenged him .	The game went on for hours .	In the end , David ended up losing to Kenny by 5 goals .
3	He dug a trench around the castle and kept watch .	Roy walked on the beach and saw a sand castle near the surf .	The water was approaching the castle more and more .	Roy felt compelled to save the creation .	High tide came and went , but Roy managed to save the castle .
4	The classroom erupted in laughter because Peter forgot to wear pants .	One day Peter woke up after school had already started .	He quickly put on his clothes and went to school .	He arrived at school 20 minutes late .	Everyone was staring at him as he walked into class .
0	It was thanksgiving day .	Everyone finished eating and was very bored .	I went to the garage to look for something to do .	I found a football and aired it up , and called everyone outside .	We all played touch football and had a great time .
0	Kim went fishing with her dad .	They sat in their boat and talked all day .	At the end of the day , Kim had caught nothing .	Neither had her dad !	Still , they both agreed it had been a great day .
1	Her boyfriend just graduated from the firefighter 's academy .	My daughter 's high school friend was excited this week .	He is a veteran .	She attended the graduation .	She posted a lot of photos on Facebook .
3	When Jim turned around , he saw that the person was a police officer .	Jim stared at girls in the locker room , with his binocular glasses .	He stood there for several minutes .	However , someone pat him on the back .	He arrested Jim .
1	I talked to the banker and they told me the interest rates .	I went to the bank to get a small loan .	I decided that the rates were too high .	I went to another bank to check the rates there .	They gave me a better deal at this bank and i took the loan .
2	Stephanie and Tom saw a poodle puppy in the window .	Stephanie and Tom wanted a dog .	Stephanie and Tom did not know what kind to buy .	Stephanie and Tom bought the poodle .	Stephanie and Tom are now happy with their pet poodle , Ralph .
4	To her dismay her sister and her cousin were good friends .	Gina was ready to leave her dad 's mom 's house .	Until her older sister Kim arrived .	Kim came to the porch where Gina and her cousin were sitting .	Gina was n't fond of her cousin and wanted to escape .
4	When she woke up , instead of being tanned , she was burnt to a crisp !	Jane woke up one morning and felt like her skin was too pale .	So she packed up her beach bag and drove to the beach .	She laid out her towel on the sand and laid down under the sun .	However , she was so comfortable that she fell asleep .
3	She slams her brakes and causes a pileup of cars behind her .	Lea is driving to work when she receives a text message .	She decides to reply to the message while driving .	Her car starts to veer into another lane .	Several people were hurt due to her negligence .
4	Then , she watched the episode .	Jess had a favorite show .	All week , the show advertised for their season finale .	She planned to watch it when it aired .	That night , she made some snacks and sat on the couch .
2	She did n't realize she 'd have to put it together , though .	Tiffany bought a bookshelf from the store .	In was in a giant heavy box .	She followed the instructions as best as she could .	The bookshelf turned out really well and she actually had fun .
1	She grilled up chicken for tacos .	Tia was making Mexican food for dinner .	Then she served her family her ethnic meal .	They could n't believe how good it was .	They all begged Tia to cook Mexican every night !
3	He almost slipped on a patch of ice .	Lucky was walking down the sidewalk .	A snake quickly slithered across the pavement in front of him .	He turned around and walked the other way .	He went home and got his car .
2	She locked it up outside the building .	Morgan loved riding her bicycle .	One day , she rode it to school .	When she returned , it had been stolen .	She swore vengeance for her missing bike .
2	Unfortunately Kelsi set off the alarm .	Kelsi was making her favorite cookies .	She was having a blast .	Luckily she was able to get the smoke out .	Unfortunate however her cookies were burnt .
1	Schools were closed as were some businesses .	It was the first snowfall of the year .	Ed got to stay home with his kids .	He felt like a big kid himself as he sledded with his young sons .	It was a great way to feel young again .
3	She was very sick .	Lynette was diagnosed with Cancer .	It was a scary time .	She had surgery and chemotherapy .	Finally she beat the cancer !
3	They kept going .	Tim and Eric were putting together a jigsaw puzzle .	They were able to match up the pieces .	The picture they were getting did n't match the box , though .	Eventually they realized it was upside down .
2	They let me try a dorito before it was cooked .	I went on a field trip to the Frito Lay factory .	They taught us how to they made all their chips .	The soggy chip made me throw up .	I have n't eaten a dorito since .
2	A whale breached the surface right in front of us .	Missy and I went Whale Watching for our first date .	We stood at the railing of the boat , my arms around her .	She snuggled close into me as we gasped in wonder and amazement .	I knew that I would marry that girl someday .
1	When the cars were waiting in traffic , I tried to walk across .	I was trying to run to my workplace .	Eventually , a cop told me to stop .	He gave me a ticket for jaywalking .	Afterwards , I walked to work slowly even though I was late .
3	She played all of her music .	Beth had practiced very hard .	She was ready , but very nervous .	She got on stage and gave it her all .	Everyone agreed that she played beautifully that day .
2	The big dogs barked and yanked at their chains .	Gina was sent to feed the dogs at her grandma 's house .	But the dog 's were n't familiar with her .	Gina was scared to go near them so she backed up .	Her grandma soothed her fears , and sent her back out to feed them .
2	My eyes caught a small orange innocent kitten .	I took a trip to the local animal shelter yesterday to take a look .	All of the animals were very cute .	I realized that was what I wanted .	I scooped her out and decided to keep her .
3	She also saw giant men throwing around huge dumbbells .	Erin got a gym membership for her birthday .	She finally decided to go and give it a try .	She walked in to find skinny women in tight clothing everywhere .	Erin decided she would rather try running to get into shape .
3	Jack 's face lit up and he jumped for joy .	Alice wanted to buy her son jack a puppy .	She went to the pet store white jack was at school .	When Jack came home she handed him the puppy .	Alice was touched by Jack 's happiness .
1	He woke up his parents at 7am sharp .	Jude was looking forward to going to the park .	Not full of enthusiasm , they asked Jude to give them one hour .	Jude waited the one hour and again went to wake up his parents .	They finally left to go to the park later that morning .
3	When they were roasting marshmallows a bear came to the site .	Milton hated camping .	His least favorite part was singing around a fire .	His dad played guitar poorly and his mom could n't sing .	Mom started singing Kumbaya and the bear retreated instantly .
3	Chad decided he would order the diamond necklace for his wife .	Chad wanted to buy his wife a special gift .	Chad decided he would get her some jewelry .	Chad looked online , and saw a nice diamond necklace .	Chad hoped that his wife would love the necklace he bought .
2	Jon was sad but decided to achieve the required weight .	Jon wanted to join the army to serve his country .	The recruiter said he did n't weigh enough .	He ate good food and worked out at the gym .	Finally , he weighed enough to join the army .
4	He wonders why he dreaded going to work so much .	Marcus has been dreading going to his job at the coffee shop .	He puts off getting out of bed as long as he can .	Finally he gets out of bed and goes to work .	When he gets to the coffee shop , he finds it is not that bad .
1	He took his glasses off and put them in his backpack .	Rick got on the school bus one day .	Rick leaned against his backpack and took a nap .	When he woke up , he noticed he crushed his glasses .	When he got home , Rick took them to his Dad who fixed them .
4	Thirty miles down the road I realized I had n't packed a bag for me .	I got up early the day we were leaving for vacation .	I packed bags for each of my kids .	I even packed a bag of stuff for the dog .	I loaded the car and we got an early start .
3	There were no magazines in this room .	Gina was anxious as she waited for the principal .	She was also very bored .	She looked around for something to read .	There was nothing she could do to occupy her time .
2	Emma 's feelings were hurt , so she told the authorities .	Emma fell in love with Paul .	Paul did n't feel the same for Emma and rejected her .	Emma felt even worse when the authorities would n't listen .	Emma walked under a mattress for a year to show everyone her feelings .
2	Then the ball rolled back and settled in the middle of the two hills .	A child rolled a ball down a grassy hill .	The ball kept rolling until it went halfway up the other hill nearby .	The child himself rolled down the hill after the ball .	He was disappointed he did n't also roll halfway up the other hill .
0	My niece 's daughter Kayla got accepted to two colleges recently .	She got into the University of Maine and Salem State College .	She did not get accepted into their nursing divisions , however .	Her mother was upset , causing Kayla to get angry .	We tried to tell her mom not to be such a stage mother .
0	Samantha wanted a treat .	She made a mug of hot cocoa .	She took a sip eagerly .	Then , she burned her tongue .	She had to run cold water on it to reduce the pain .
3	He took an anxiety pill to help him sleep before his flight .	John was very nervous about his upcoming flight .	He could n't sleep the whole night before the flight .	In the morning , he threw up due to his anxiety .	John had no problem with his flight after he took his pill .
1	Her mom thought she had a fever .	Alice was not feeling well .	She decided to let her stay home .	She relaxed all day .	Her mom was glad she stayed home .
0	Todd was at the grocery store .	He bought more than he should reasonably attempt to carry home .	Todd unreasonably attempted it anyway .	He tripped on the footbridge over the creek .	His 2 liter coke fell into the creek and floated away .
2	Steven called his neighbor , and she brought him a shovel .	Steven needed to shovel his driveway , but he could n't find his shovel .	He could n't go to the store until he shoveled his driveway , though .	Steven was very grateful to her for helping him out .	He shoveled her driveway , too !
2	Johnny hopped on the bus to go to the store .	Johnny wanted to make a sandwich .	But he realized he did n't have any bread .	He bought bread and more cheese for his sandwich .	When he got home , Johnny made his sandwich .
0	Sylvia was planning on making soup .	She had asked her husband to pick up the ingredients .	She went through the entire recipe step by step .	Then , she got to the bullion cubes .	She realized that her husband had gotten the wrong kind .
3	Wayne studied music very hard every day .	Wayne loved music .	Music was his favorite class of the day .	Wayne decided he wanted to be a famous singer .	Eventually , Wayne became very famous due to his practicing !
4	Alex paid his fine .	Alex did not stop at a stop sign .	He was given a traffic ticket .	At court he was given a fine and sentenced to driving school .	Alex was bored when he sat through driving school .
4	He was so excited when he ate his first garden carrot !	Little John wanted a garden in his backyard .	He helped his father hoe and fertilize the dirt .	He helped his mother plant the seeds .	Day after day , he watered the plants and weeded the garden .
1	We walked around with a flashlight for a couple minutes .	Some friends and I climbed over a cemetery gate late at night .	Suddenly the light went out .	We heard what sounded like groaning from a few meters away .	We jumped the gate , running as fast as our feet could carry us .
2	He worked for a whole year .	Cade was 18 and wanted his own place .	He began working as a dishwasher to save cash .	Finally he had enough to put a deposit on an apartment .	He soon found a great , affordable place to call home !
4	She must have felt pretty frustrated .	Jane used to be a fan of the New York Mets .	She was really hoping they would win this year .	When they lost the World Series , she was pretty upset .	Now she 's declared herself a Yankees fan .
2	Lisa 's boss decided to hold a contest for a paid vacation .	Lisa had always wanted to visit Brazil .	But she 'd never had the money for the trip .	Lisa worked harder than she ever had , and won the contest !	She could n't wait to finally visit Brazil .
0	Today My friends and I had a water balloon fight .	I was throwing a balloon at my friend from a long distance .	I overthrew the balloon and it hit a parked car .	The balloon did not hurt the car .	I was very happy that I was just throwing water balloons .
4	She called him to simply scream at him .	Brandon asked Jane for her number and she gave it to him .	A few hours later , she got a text from him .	Since she was busy from work , she did n't respond back .	The phone was buzzing all day with phone calls .
2	Casey stayed late to practice his moves .	Casey was hoping to make black belt in karate before summer .	His master told him he would have to practice even harder .	He even took extra classes when he could .	Casey was able to earn his black belt right before summer break .
1	He spent months saving his money for the trip .	Ralph had always wanted to see New Orleans .	Finally he visited the famed city .	He ate delicious gumbo and saw Bourbon Street .	Ralph was very pleased with his New Orleans trip .
1	He broke my heart more than once .	There is a reason why my X is my X .	I do n't know why but I took him back again and again .	Finally , I had enough and threw him out .	I hope I did the right thing .
4	She is no longer allowed in the bathroom .	My bathroom has started to smell weird .	I have searched everywhere for the smell .	Today I was determined to find the smell .	Finally , I found out my dog buried her bone in the laundry hamper .
3	Everyone in the class could n't stop looking at her .	The coach told everyone to put on their bathing suits .	Hannah did n't want to however , the coach yelled at her .	Although she was hesitant , she managed to put on her one-piece outfit .	On the side of her belly , there was a large mole .
3	He did everything his coach told him to do .	Tim thought he was the best football player .	He was determined to be a starter in the next game .	He practiced hard every day .	At the pep rally , the coach announced the starters and Tim was one !
0	Kurt had just bought a new video game .	He was n't very good at it though .	Kurt 's older brother told him that he only needed practice .	So Kurt started playing the it whenever he had free time .	Finally , Kurt was able to beat the game !
4	She immediately went to the hospital .	Hannah reached for her baby sister .	Her baby sister was laughing .	However , she knocked Hannah in the face .	Hannah ended up with a broken nose .
1	They had both forgotten why they had started fighting .	Kenneth had not spoken with his mother in 15 Year 's .	Finally Kenneth called his mother to talk .	They were both relieved to speak with each other .	Kenneth decided never to allow another argument last so long .
0	Lucy was in the kitchen with her grandma .	Her grandma allowed her to have a piece of cake .	Lucy picked up a butter knife to cut the cake .	Her grandma snatched the knife afraid Lucy would cut herself .	Lucy was shocked since her mother allowed her to use a steak knife .
0	Jane was walking in the plaza .	A stranger grabbed her arm slowly .	She freaked out and stepped away .	He said that his name is Andrew .	She realized that they 're friends in high school .
1	He has to write performance reviews for each employee .	Jeff is the boss at his company and oversees thirty employees .	He realized this will take up too much time to do and he is busy .	He hires a secretary to assist him with the reviews .	Together they write them all in a few days .
2	She shopped for sale items for which she had coupons .	Tia was learning to budget her money .	She sat down to make her grocery list .	Tia used her strategy to save lots of cash at the store .	She was getting really good at budgeting !
3	Tia devoted some of her tv time to going to the gym .	Tia was trying to make a change in her life .	She found herself wasting too much time watching reality tv .	Tia decided that she would join a gym .	Tia was able to get in much better shape and lose weight as a result .
3	She took the bus to Coney Island .	Jane wanted to go to Coney Island to have a hotdog .	She worked hard all week .	Finally on the weekend Jane was ready to go .	When she got there she had a great hotdog .
2	About 2 in the morning there was a terrible thunderstorm .	Julie 's family went camping .	Her dad forgot to check the weather forecast .	Water was coming into the tent .	They had to camp out in their car for the night .
4	I think I 'll wait until I 'm older .	I want to go see the new movie that just came out .	However , I 'm not old enough to get in .	I could sneak in , but I might get caught .	Then I would n't ever be allowed to go again .
2	He never won any championships .	Jim was a pro wrestler .	He was never that good .	He was still liked by most .	That was enough to keep him going .
0	There once was a man from peru	He dreamed he was eating his sandals	He woke up in the middle of the night	He then found out he was trying to eat his shoes in his sleep	The man never went to bed hungry again
3	My mom took my skateboard for a week .	My mom told me not to be out past curfew .	I stayed out late skateboarding with friends .	When I got home late my mom was angry .	I did n't stay out late ever again .
2	James won all night .	James invited his friends over to play a new board game .	Nobody had played this game before except James .	His friends were upset so they went home .	James realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone .
3	He hummed along with the man as he finished the song .	A policeman got a call about a suspicious man outside a school .	The officer arrived at the school and found a man humming a song .	The tune sounded familiar to the officer .	When they were done they both had a good laugh .
4	We will have a baby or two and want a bigger house .	I bought a foreclosed house for me and my wife .	The mortgage is very easy to pay and we are able to save a lot .	It needed a little work but my dad helped me fix it up quick .	Our plan is to sell it in about four Year 's .
2	It hit right beside her and she felt the force of it .	Ellen was unlucky enough to have been hit by lightning last week .	It was on a tuesday when she was patching her roof .	She was hurt and rushed to the hospital .	Luckily she is said to be on her way to a full recovery .
4	We laughed and smiled together .	My husband came into the bedroom .	He asked what I was doing on the computer .	I told him I was working on a story .	He offered to help me .
1	He bought the dough , sauce and cheese .	Jeb was hungry so he decided to make a pizza .	He then realized he did not have an oven !	He cried to himself .	Then he decided to order from a pizza parlor !
1	It was very fun and we went to New York .	Last year I went on a band trip with my school .	The only problem was we ended up getting lost .	We tried finding the theater but no one would help .	Finally an hour later we found our way .
3	We ended up calling one of our partners to help with the choice .	We had to decide the color for our product by tonight .	We went to the Apple store , to Home Depot , we went everywhere .	There was so many colors to choose from !	He said you do n't have to pick a color til next week , not tonight .
4	However , when she saw her new short hair , she loved it !	Alice had very long hair .	One day , she decided to get it cut .	She was nervous because she 'd never had short hair before .	The whole time she was in the barber 's chair , she was nervous .
4	When the final block is in place Jason sits inside the igloo .	Jason wants to play in the snow .	He decides to make an igloo .	He shapes the snow into blocks .	Jason then uses the blocks to build walls .
3	But he decided to play in it on a hot day .	Carl 's sprinkler was broken .	It chaotically sprayed water everywhere .	He was planning to get it fixed .	To Carl , the sprinkler was perfect .
3	The hammer came down hard on the nail head .	A talented woodworker tapped a nail in place on a board .	He stood back and measured the distance in his head .	He swung the hammer in a large sweeping motion .	The nail was driven into the board completely .
4	My son still swims there on occasion .	We used to go to Walden Pond when the kids were little .	It was only 45 minutes away from our home .	The water was very still and clear .	There were no regulations against swimming clear across the pond .
1	Last week 's gizzard special had been a terrible failure .	Wanda 's Bust Your Ribs BBQ joint was near bankruptcy .	It was time to deep fry .	Within weeks , customers began to pour in .	Wanda saved her bacon with Crispy Fried Pigs ' Ears and Special Sauce .
3	Soon he was lifting heavier and heavier weights .	Ben wanted to be a weightlifter .	At first he could bench only forty pounds .	But he persevered .	Before long , Ben was a strong weight lifter !
0	Marge has been living in a retirement home for a year .	Tired of her living situation Marge decides to escape .	She packed up all her belongings .	She took a sheet and climbed out of the window .	Marge was free to live her life again .
2	When Dan arrived his mom was on the phone .	Dan 's phone was taken by a teacher when he was texting in class .	Dan hurried home hoping the teacher had n't already called his mom .	She reprimanded Dan for being disrespectful to the teacher .	Dan was grounded for a month as a punishment .
4	His book did n't make the best seller 's list .	Larry wanted to write a book .	He needed to go somewhere for inspiration .	He went to Las Vegas .	He wrote about how Elvis is n't really dead .
3	They had a nice dinner and then went to a movie .	Mark asked Lorraine out on a date and she accepted .	He made reservations at a nice restaurant .	On the day of the date , he picked her up at 7:00 PM .	Mark even got a kiss goodnight at the end of the evening .
0	A young girl was at the grocery store after work one night .	She had made a list and wanted to hurry home .	When she was looking at the list a man bumped into to her .	She looked up and smiled .	The man then asked her out to dinner .
0	Dan and Rob were playing in the back yard .	Dan kicked the ball really hard .	It flew over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .	Dan climbed the fence and got the ball .	Dan got in trouble for trampling the neighbors flowers .
4	The book inspired many kids to read more .	Will enjoyed reading .	Will read books every day .	One afternoon , will discovered he could write books .	Will wrote a book about his life of reading .
0	Beth was 15 years old and pregnant .	The child 's father was not supportive at all .	Beth was terrified of her future with a baby at 15 years old .	She thought about having an abortion .	Beth decided that an adoption was the better route .
3	Her teacher saw the picture that she drew when he walked by her desk .	Hillary was bored in class .	She decided to draw in her notebook .	She drew a funny picture of her teacher .	Sam got detention for a week .
1	Then we map out a route through our neighborhoods .	Every Saturday we wake up early and check Facebook for Garage Sales .	We live on an Army post , so people are always having moving sales .	My daughter and I search for My Little Pony figures and clothes .	Today we found three ponies , garage sale day was a success .
4	And the two enjoyed their meal .	Blue a pizza .	So he asked red to pick one up on the way home .	Red stopped at Pizza Hut and ordered a Supreme .	Blue was happy to see her when she got home .
0	When Mark was a child he always played army .	He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns .	At 17 , he decided to take the test and join the army .	He waited for the results , and was admitted !	Mark has been a soldier for 7 years now .
4	I have n't gone back to Virginia Beach since .	When I was in college we took a trip to Virginia Beach .	We hung out on the beach and walked around .	We drove to Captain George 's for dinner .	When we came out of the restaurant I saw that I got a parking ticket .
2	It had been a while since the last time Carl had ridden a bicycle .	When the weather started to get warm , Carl rode in a bicycle race .	The race had 25 people and was five miles long .	Even though he started to get tired mid-race he pushed through .	Carl did not win the race but he was happy to make it to the end .
1	It seemed almost too good to be true .	Cindy saw a really cute dress on ebay that was very cheap .	She order the dress anyways because she liked it so much .	Six months later a package arrived .	Inside was merely a picture of the dress .
0	Anna was in labor .	Her husband was rushing to the hospital .	But Anna could n't help but push !	She let her body take over .	Her baby girl was born in their van !
1	It was way past their curfew .	Amy and her friends were out at 3 AM .	As they were running home they saw a police car .	The girls ran into a yard and hid in the bushes .	They stayed there breathing hard , and praying they had n't been seen .
4	After just a few months she had lost the weight .	Cynthia really loved video games .	However , she had a weight problem .	So she started to play Dance Dance revolution every day .	That game really made her work up a sweat .
0	A man walked down the street with a cane .	The cane got stuck in a crack and the man fell .	The fall caused the man to land on his shoulder .	His arm popped out of his socket .	The man dialed his phone for help because he could n't rise .
3	Jim touched up everything at the end for perfection .	Jim was assigned to paint a picture .	Jim started the piece with by painting a rainbow .	He then added a beautiful sunset .	Jim ended up having the best painting in the class .
1	Suddenly , she heard loud barking and two dogs came out of the woods .	Brenda was walking along a pond on her large property .	Brenda , fearing for her life , jumped into the pond with a large stick .	The dogs swam after her , so Brenda hit them with the stick .	The dogs became scared and swam away , and Brenda left .
1	Dan was nervous to meet his former high school classmates .	Dan was recently invited to participate in his high school reunion .	In addition , Dan feared he would not notice anyone there .	Dan felt it would be fun to see his classmates again .	Dan decided to throw caution to the wind and attend the reunion .
3	The doctor there bandaged her hand and gave her medicine .	Mary fell while playing volleyball .	She landed on her wrist , and it broke !	Mary rushed to the emergency room .	Soon Mary 's hand was as good as new !
0	Lenny was laying on his couch watching TV .	His cat came inside and jumped into his lap .	Lenny began scratching the cat when he noticed the bugs in it 's fur .	He put the cat in the bathroom .	Then , he quickly went out and bought some bug cream .
1	But his mom nagged him , saying video games would n't pay the bills .	Art loved video games , and he was great at them !	Art decided he could prove her wrong .	After college , he went to work as a video game tester .	And sure enough , he paid the bills - by playing video games !
1	Since I was n't paying attention I ran a stop sign .	I was talking on my phone in the car the other day .	Soon I noticed flashing police lights in my mirror .	I was pulled over and given a ticket for running the stop sign .	That 's why I need to work some overtime this week .
2	For six solid months she walked miles delivering papers .	Etta wanted a bike to ride , but she knew her mom was broke .	So she took matters into her own hands !	Then she bought herself a big new bike .	Now she rides her bike to deliver her papers !
4	However , Pete was able to retrieve the file from the recycle bin .	Pete 's little brother was using the computer .	He randomly started to click buttons .	Unfortunately , he touched the file with Pete 's homework and deleted it	When Pete saw what happened , he got mad .
2	She purchased a bagel with egg and avocado .	Sarah was hungry .	She walked to the local deli .	She ate the sandwich .	Sarah was much happier afterward .
0	Andrew knew he should n't enroll his Pit-bull in a dog show .	His Pit-bull was always bigger and tougher than dogs in dog shows .	But , he enrolled his Pit-bull regardless of his feelings .	His Pit-bull did n't like the environment and threw a tantrum .	The host threatened to throw Andrew out if he did n't control his dog .
3	Jim did not feel threatened by the gambler and stayed in .	The gambler looked at his hand and was quite pleased .	He bet high and stared down his opponents .	It was down to him and his opponent , Jim .	Once they flipped over their cards , the gambler was declared the loser .
1	But he neglected brushing his teeth .	Hank ate lots of chocolate one night .	The next morning , he had an awful taste in his mouth .	Hank then went to brush his teeth .	But his gums started to bleed .
3	His girlfriend called him a wimp for screaming .	Bob was watching a movie with his girlfriend .	They were watching a horror movie .	Bob got frightened and screamed during some scenes .	Bob was insulted and kicked his girlfriend out of his house .
1	She worked hard for an entire day cooking a perfect meal .	Karen wanted everything to be perfect when she met her new in-laws .	She took a nap , but slept too long and everything burned .	Her fiance said he 'd fix it and ordered Chinese food .	Turns out , his parents loved Chinese food most of all .
4	She decided to get the gold instead .	Kelly was happy the new phones just came out for Apple .	She really wanted a pink one .	Unfortunately the pink ones were all sold out .	They told her she would have to wait a month for the pink one .
1	She was extremely nervous the entire car ride there .	Morgan had never been to camp before .	But on her first day she made a new friend and enjoyed activities .	She loved the hiking , canoeing and arts and crafts !	Morgan knew she would definitely be going back next year .
3	Benny could n't stop eating it when it arrived at the party .	Tony tried to bake a cake .	When he was creating the icing , he threw it on the floor .	However , he still placed it on the floor .	Eventually , he caught a stomach ache .
2	I got irritated and asked her what was wrong .	For our anniversary , I got my wife a card .	When she opened it , she was unimpressed .	She did n't say anything .	In the kitchen I saw my gift on the counter : a new watch .
3	There she found a great roast of beef .	Ava wanted to roast beef for dinner .	But the butcher shops were all out of beef .	Ava drove to the next town over .	Ava took it home and cooked it up for dinner .
1	Their new puppy got outside and ran away .	Frank 's sister accidentally left the gate open .	Frank and Molly walked all over the neighborhood looking for her .	Finally they heard a little bark when they called her name .	She had fallen asleep under a tree right next door .
2	Sandy 's daughter was flying in to visit her mom for a week .	Sandy was excited .	She had moved far away from her daughter over a year ago .	Sandy met her daughter at the airport .	Both of them started to cry when they saw each other .
0	Jazmine decided to try online dating .	None of the guys she met were very compatible with her .	One day , she met a nice guy named Nick .	They got along very well .	Now , they 're best friends .
2	One day the doctor called and said they were finally having a baby !	Jenna and Brian wanted to have a baby .	They went to the doctor for help .	They waited and waited while the baby grew in Jenna 's belly .	Then one day they hurried to the hospital where their baby was born !
3	Upon returning the entire oven was on fire and the oil bubbling over .	Todd was cooking dinner for his friends , they would be here any moment	He hoped that they would like fried chicken and steamed vegetables .	Stepping away to answer the door , he left the food unattended .	He quickly snuffed the fire and ordered takeout instead .
0	John decided to plant a garden .	He worked hard and planted the seeds .	Everything started to grow .	One day a deer came along and ate all the plants .	John was very sad because everything was ruined .
4	Jim gave up and ran from the car to the building .	Jim parked his car in the parking lot at work .	He looked through the window and saw rain pour down all around him .	He tried to wait until the rain stopped or slowed down .	The more he waited the stronger the storm got .
4	It was delivered about forty five minutes later .	Fred and Leo were really hungry .	There was no food in the house nor did they have transportation .	Fred realized a pizza place nearby delivered .	He called an ordered a pizza .
4	Johnny is glad he found a way to stay cool .	Johnny wants to find a way to cool down on a hot day .	He decides to go for a swim at the lake nearby his house .	Johnny packs his swimming trunks and bikes to the lake .	He spends the whole day swimming there .
4	They bred , and she never had to buy mealworms again !	Anna got an iguana .	She wondered what to feed it .	She read online that they ate mealworms .	She bought a bunch of mealworms and put them in the tank .
2	Marcy decides to ask her friend John if he 'd like to go together .	Marcy wants to go to homecoming .	John needs a date to the dance .	Marcy and John have a great time and sparkle on the dancefloor .	Marcy and John decide to date !
2	Soon , she was informed that she had made a mistake .	Jessica was doing some data entry .	When she was done , she turned it in .	She had to go through all of the papers and start over .	The second time around , she did n't mess up .
4	They started hiking together on weekends .	Erick was a hiker who loved going up to the mountains .	On one of his trips , he took his friend Mark who had never hiked .	Mark had trouble climbing the rocks at first .	Mark learned to climb well and started to like hiking .
0	Jack was tired of always getting bullied .	He was small for his age , and not very strong .	He decided to join a boxing team at his local gym .	He trained hard and ended up becoming very good .	The next time a bully started in on him , Jack knocked him out .
4	He no longer has the issues .	Victor had an anger issue .	He would lash out at anyone he sees .	His parents brought him to counselling .	He started getting better just by talking to someone .
0	Monica 's class went to a glass blowing studio for a field trip .	She watched in awe as the artist worked with the molten glass .	She did n't know how we could stand the heat !	She watched him make a glass angel .	She wondered if she would be able to make something so pretty .
2	It was a lot of work .	Erin neglected mowing his lawn .	So he decided to mow it one day .	But Erin liked the results .	He was proud of how good his lawn looked .
1	He invited his family to come see him sing .	Hugh was performing a solo in his school concert .	They all showed up to witness his big debut .	They watched attentively all through the concert .	Afterwards , they all told him how well he had performed !
4	Her entire plan was ruined and she had to put the food back .	Jennifer was at the store .	She had a bunch of coupons and her list was built around them .	She spent nearly an hour clearing her cart .	At check out , she learned that her coupons had expired .
2	So I started going out there as well .	I do n't smoke .	Everyone at work who does smoke gets a break .	I take a cigarette and hold it in my fingers .	So far nobody has asked me why I do n't light it .
0	Joe dreamed of being the fastest kid in his 3rd grade class .	His friends always held races during recess .	Joe practiced constantly , striving to be the best .	But when the races started that year , a girl named Lisa won the race .	Joe was disappointed , but decided he would not stop trying .
0	One day , Ernie went on a walk in the park .	Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing .	He had never played tennis before , but he decided to learn .	The next day he went to the park , and the ladies were there again .	They invited him to join them , and eventually one became his wife .
0	Bob 's parents promised him a surprise if he got good grades .	They went to the pet store .	Bob saw a black and white puppy that he liked .	Bob adopted the puppy and named him Spot .	Bob and Spot are best friends .
3	She sipped , then swigged , from the glass bottle .	Lily 's sister gave her the Bomb as a gift .	She said it was the best thing she 'd ever tasted .	Lily was skeptical at first but trusted her sister .	Lily 's now a fan of custom stouts from small breweries .
3	He runs to his mother .	Sebastian loves going to the zoo .	He runs into the monkey exhibit when a monkey jumps out .	Sebastian gets scared by the monkey .	His mother reassures him , and he goes back toward the monkey .
3	The next day she had a message saying she had a 7 day extension .	Lauren was worried that she did n't have enough money for rent .	She saved and got all she could from every source but was still short .	She called her landlord and left a message begging for mercy .	Lauren worked hard for 7 days and was able to pay her rent .
3	Joe refused the cigarette .	Joe had quit smoking cigarettes for 6 months .	Tonight he was going out to the bars with his friends .	His friend Brad offered him a cigarettes later that night .	Joe felt proud that he was able to resist his temptation to smoke .
3	They spent all day hiking in the woods .	Randy went hiking with his dog .	Him and his dog had become avid hikers .	This was going to be the toughest trail they had done .	Eventually they finished and felt proud but tired .
4	The next day Jan gets fired by her abusive boss .	Jan is excited when she gets a new job as a secretary .	Until she meets her new boss .	He has her running personal errands for him all day , every day .	After a month she complains to his boss about his abuse of power .
0	My Aunt brought her dog over to my house today .	His name is Max and he is very timid .	By the time she was ready to leave he was nowhere to be found .	We may never have found him at all except for the help we got .	My dog Ginger grabbed my Aunt 's pants and pulled her to where Max was .
2	Tom 's grilled cheese stuck to the pan .	Tom wanted to make a grilled cheese sandwich .	He forgot to add butter to the pan .	His bread turned black .	Tom also set off the fire alarm .
3	However , I had to pay $ 40 for parking .	My cousin got into an argument with her boyfriend .	As a result , she offered his basketball ticket to me .	Since I felt bad for her , I decided to take it .	She did n't say a word during the game since I was mad .
3	She realized she needed new glasses , so she made an appointment .	Angel was sitting at her computer desk when her eyes started to hurt .	She took off her glasses , which made them feel better .	When she put them back on , her eyes hurt her again .	She got an eye exam and a new pair of glasses .
1	He hated it , and saw it as useless .	Johnny took keyboard lessons as a child .	One day , his parents said they wanted him to play for a huge party .	He was a hit , and jammed all night for the party .	He loved playing after that .
1	One day while he was fishing he spotted a huge fish .	Gene loved fishing .	Gene baited his hook and casts his reel .	The fish took the bait and struggled against Gene for it 's life .	Gene reeled in the fish proudly and completed his fishing trip .
2	Gina gave the old book to the librarian .	Gina wanted to check out a new book from the library .	But she had to return an overdue book first .	When ready , she returned with the book she wanted to read next .	She was upset to find she had to pay the $ 5 in fines first .
2	There was an electric fence in their backyard .	Dusty and Cody were in the mood for doing something ornery .	They got their brother Zach and took him outside .	Dusty and Cody tricked Zach into touching the fence with scissors .	They got in more trouble than they ever thought possible !
1	She was going to apply for custody of her son .	Amy went on a road trip to Georgia .	She arrived in Atlanta , and hurried to the courthouse .	She testified that her ex-husband was n't fit to be a father .	The judge granted Amy custody of her son .
0	Sandy loves watching comedies .	Her boyfriend loves horror movies .	They decided to have a movie night .	Neither could decide on what to watch .	They got into a fight and went to sleep angry .
4	Now Helen and any girl can play baseball with the boys !	Helen wanted to play baseball like her big brother .	Her parents said yes , but the baseball team was for boys only .	She wrote letters to the city counsel about how it was unfair .	The city counsel had a meeting and they agreed with Helen .
1	This morning I woke up late .	I love cooking breakfast .	I ate a bowl of cereal .	I went to work .	I was hungry until lunch .
2	He decided to pretend the blood was just raspberry jam .	Henry was playing a video game .	It was particularly violent .	The game continued to be quite violent .	Henry turned off the video game when he felt it was too scary .
2	When I came back , my wallet was gone .	One day I was shopping .	I set my purse down for just one minute .	I called the police .	They never found it .
3	I found a great coffee shop down the street from my house .	One of my new favorite drinks is black coffee .	I read in a magazine that black coffee is very healthy for you .	It also has lots of caffeine in it so it helps me get through my job .	I now drink about three cups of coffee every single day .
3	Braxton and Angela had three kids and adopted three more	Braxton and Angela met and had love at first sight	Braxton was already married to heather	Braxton and Heather got divorce on mutual agreement	Braxton and Angela finally married and lived happily with their brood
1	It was when they were fighting but she thought she threw it away .	Jane wrote her boyfriend an angry letter .	One day the boyfriend found it .	He was hurt and upset over it .	Jane explained what happened and they worked it out .
1	Upon meeting with him , he broke some disappointing news .	Jill 's boyfriend told her they needed to talk .	He told Jill that he did n't loved her anymore .	Jill went home crying , and called her best friend .	Her best friend came over and tried to cheer her up .
0	Sugar had lots of friends over visiting at her house .	It was summer and they were all thirsty .	But all Sugar had was her namesake , and tea bags .	She decided to try to brew up homemade sweet tea .	Her friends sipped it , and told her it was amazingly delicious !
0	Maggie was making breakfast .	She threw some bread into the toaster .	Then , she went to cook some eggs .	Suddenly , she smelled something burning .	She checked the toast and it was completely ruined .
2	I purchased tickets that were close to the court .	My favorite basketball team was playing in town yesterday .	I went to the arena to purchase my tickets .	My team played one the game .	I jumped up and cheered !
0	Jordan was playing with her friends .	They were running around in some high grass .	Suddenly she felt a pain in her foot .	She realized that a snake had bitten her .	Someone called her mom and they took her to the hospital to be safe .
2	All the leaves on the trees began to change color .	The nights were getting longer .	The temperature started to drop .	The leaves began to die .	It was the beginning of fall .
4	Shilo is no longer envious when he sees other motorcyclists .	Shilo has always envied the motorcyclists he sees riding through town .	He decides to save up his money to buy a motorcycle .	After Years he has enough money to buy the motorcycle of his dreams .	Now he rides the motorcycle almost every day .
0	When my babysitters graduated we took a big trip .	We all went to Mexico for a whole week .	Unfortunately I still had homework to do for my online school .	I did n't get to enjoy the trip as much as I wanted to .	Now that I have graduated I plan to take another trip soon .
1	She decided to clean up instead .	Janet did not want to do homework .	Then she played video games .	She went to sleep that night worried .	The next day she failed because she neglected her homework !
2	On it was a picture of her baby and it said `` My First Christmas '' .	Aubrey 's grandmother had sent her a gift .	It was a homemade Christmas ornament .	The only problem was that the word `` First '' was misspelled .	She decided not to say anything to be polite .
3	She bought a beautiful pair of hoop earrings .	Francine has always wanted to have earrings .	Her parents asked her not to have her ears pierced .	Finally she decided to have her ears pierced .	Francine is very happy with her decision to pierce her ears .
4	Raji enjoyed himself and already made plans to attend another match .	Raji had never been to a professional soccer match .	He finally decided he would go .	He selected the match featuring his favorite team and their rivals .	The anticipation nearly killed him .
3	Author started to cough and had to ask for a glass of water .	Author and Jenny went to a Japanese restaurant .	It was supposed to be the best Japanese food in all of Orange County .	Inside , they talked and waited for twenty minutes .	The restaurant had the best food but worst service in town .
4	Ron felt accomplished but decided to take better care of his laptop .	Ron broke his laptop when he dropped it .	He used his brother 's computer to find information online .	He took it apart and using youtube he found the problem .	He reconnected the loose power cord and fixed it .
2	Ben was so excited on the day the old man arrived .	Ben had a grandpa who lived across the country and had never met him .	On his fifth birthday , his Mom told him he would meet his grandpa !	He hoped his grands would love him and be kind to him .	When the two makes met , each was instantly overcome with love and joy !
0	Jerry was feeling nostalgic .	He wanted to watch shows from his childhood .	He looked online for episodes of goosebumps .	He loaded the episodes onto his tv set .	Jerry then spent the afternoon watching old goosebumps episodes .
2	I drove the the shop and went in .	A new thrift store opened up in town .	I wanted to visit to see what they had .	I looked over the items in the store .	I found a few cool items and purchased them .
1	My colleagues and I looked around for something to do .	Work was incredibly slow for a Friday .	One of them made a baseball from a wad of paper .	I fashioned a bat from an old wooden ruler .	We played home run derby until our boss made us stop .
3	The lady had lost her keys and could n't get home .	Ann was leaving the airport after a long flight home .	Her business trip had been exhausting and she was eager to sleep .	But then she heard a nearby lady crying !	Ann kindly drove the lady home from the airport before she went home !
0	Gene went for a walk in the woods behind his house to gather kindling .	When he got home , he could n't find his glasses anywhere .	He checked his pockets and then retraced his steps in the woods .	It started to get dark and he still had n't found his glasses .	When he got home , he realized they were on his head the whole time .
3	I found out girls are crazy .	I used to be confused about my sexual preference .	I liked guys and girls .	Then , I dated a girl .	Now , I only like guys .
1	First , he looked in his own bowl for some cat food .	Oscar the cat woke up very hungry .	He found no food there .	Then , he looked in the dog 's bowl for some food .	He was so hungry that he ate all of the dog 's food .
2	In the shower , Martha was distracted by the warm water .	Marsha was making brownies for a dinner party .	She put the brownies in the oven and decided to take a shower .	Marsh forgot to take the brownies out of the oven .	There was no dessert for the dinner party .
3	I uploaded the picture to photoshop and cut the acne out of my face .	I decided to take a picture for my facebook profile .	I put on some clothes and took a picture of myself .	After taking the picture , I noticed that I had a lot of acne .	After touching up the picture , I uploaded it to my facebook profile .
4	He bent the rim of his wheel and scuffed his knee .	Ben was riding a bike fast one day .	Down the sidewalk he went as fast as he could .	Ben did n't see the large branch in the way .	His front tire hit the branch and the bike and ben went flying .
0	Frank was headed home last night .	He stopped when he saw a group of raccoons in the street .	Being afraid of raccoons , he took a different route home .	It took him ten extra minutes to get back .	But at least he avoided the raccoons .
2	He wrapped his kids up in wrapping paper with bows on their heads .	Wes was watching his kids while his wife was out running errands .	He wanted to play a fun trick on her .	When his wife got home he said he had gotten her some presents .	She unwrapped the kids and they gave her a big hug .
4	They decided to homeschool him for the rest of the year .	Rob hated the second grade .	Every day , he went to the school nurse and begged to go home .	The nurse let him stay and take a nap for half an hour .	She then called Rob 's parents in for a conference .
1	He was always too scared to confess .	Michael has liked alicia for years .	One day when they went out to the movies , he confessed to her .	She did not like him that way .	They hardly talk now .
0	I was riding my bike across the neighborhood .	My riding was riding from the opposite direction .	However , he was about to crash me .	I immediately made a shift turn .	My knees got scratched from the concrete on the road .
1	She opened the box .	Carla wanted some oatmeal for breakfast .	Some moths flew out .	She could n't remember when she 'd last opened the oatmeal .	She threw the box in the garbage .
0	Gary decided to go hunting .	He had never hunted before .	He bought a rifle and ammunition .	After a few hours he managed to kill a deer .	He was arrested because he did n't have a hunting license .
2	One day her younger brother swam up to her raft .	Jenn always loved going to the lake .	She thought it was very peaceful .	He flipped her over in the water !	Jenn preferred going to the lake by herself after that .
2	We set our lines when we were a good distance from shore .	We went fishing in our old paddle boat .	We pushed off the dock , stowed away the rope and drifted .	It was lunch time so we decided to head back home .	We forgot the oars and had to hand paddle all the way back !
4	Sean sat down and started to do his homework .	Sean wanted to play his video games when he got home from school .	Mom told him he had to do his homework first .	Sean objected loudly , because he did not want to wait .	Mom threatened to ground him for a month .
4	Now Michael has a job .	Michael is a poet .	He even has a college degree in creative writing .	Sadly , he is struggling to find a job .	One day , he applied for a job writing greeting cards .
3	When my friend noticed , he was disappointed to .	My friend needed help with his homework assignment .	Since class started in 10 minutes , I allowed him to copy my work .	The next day , I forgot to bring my lunch to school .	On the bright side , he shared some of his lunch with me .
3	Afterwards , my mom came to the school in order to pick me up .	I walked on campus .	While walking across the hallway , the professor greeted me .	He introduced himself to the class and went over the syllabus .	She took me out to dinner since I was hungry .
3	After some time , he felt a pang of guilt .	Mary had a diary which she used to store her personal thoughts .	Mary 's brother came into her room and snooped around .	Her brother found Mary 's diary and started reading it .	Mary 's brother returned the diary to its hiding spot .
3	Noah would not go inside unless Timmy went with him .	Timmy got his dog Noah when Noah was just a puppy .	The two of them did almost everything together .	One day Noah go sick and had to go to the veterinarian .	Timmy helped comfort Noah so Noah could get the help needed .
2	After filling it in , I decided to give it back .	I climbed the steps into the bus .	The driver gave me an index card to fill my information in .	He ripped in in pieces and told me to get out .	While I was confused , I decided to walk away .
1	But after one slice , she wanted more .	Clare was eating pumpkin pie .	She ended up eating pumpkin pie for every meal .	And eventually , she got sick .	Clare decided to watch her diet more carefully .
3	He then had an idea .	Tim broke his ankle playing sports .	He was mad that he could n't play sports for two weeks .	He sat in the house bored .	He would play video games that were just like the sports he played .
3	The decided to surprise her and got her a cat .	Sarah always wanted a cat .	She asked her parents for a cat .	They told her they 'd think about it .	She came home from school and happily found the cat .
0	James likes to run marathons .	James enrolled in the marathon a week early .	James trained the entire week for the marathon .	James ran the marathon successfully .	James established a new personal record marathon time .
3	Then , he put some condiments on it .	Harry was hungry .	He decided to eat a sandwich .	He cooked a bagel .	Then , he ate it .
4	I was always jealous of that Jeep .	My buddy had a cool Jeep Wrangler .	He had it decked out and had huge tires .	We would take it off roading .	It was crazy being in nature like that .
2	Finally , an employer hired him .	Charles went months without a job .	Most of his meals came from churches giving free meals .	When he received his first check , he went looking for a place to eat .	He ate in a Chinese food restaurant and claimed they were the best .
2	She picked it up and brought it home .	While Abby was out walking in the woods she saw a hurt bird .	She decided she should help it .	Abby took great care of it and the bird got better .	Abby took the bird outside and it flew back home again .
3	It broke my heart .	Margo has been the girl of my dreams for Years .	Last week I finally asked her out .	She said I was too good a friend to date .	I guess I 'll have to be a bad friend to make things work .
1	All of a sudden , a storm came by .	Mary and Olivia went on a long hike in the woods .	They had to take shelter in a cave until it was dark .	They had no way to see and had to stay in the cave all night .	Now , Mary and Olivia are more prepared when they go on hikes .
2	My brother went last week.q	The Chinese honor their dead on Ching Ming .	They visit graves .	He warned me the cemetery had made some roads one way .	I was not pleased with this change .
0	I bought a Shirley Temple doll for my wife 's birthday .	I got it on eBay .	The doll smelled heavily of smoke .	I put the doll in baking powder for three days .	That took the smell away .
4	He was so excited to catch the biggest fish he had ever seen .	Jeremy was going on his first fishing trip .	Jeremy 's dad took him out on the lake in a little rowboat .	With his hook baited , Jeremy put his line in the water .	It was n't long before Jeremy got a bite .
1	He once decided to try and race the turtles , to see which was fastest .	Matt had three turtles that he took care of every day .	He blocked off the kitchen floor , and set them all out onto the tile .	He pushed and poked , but none of the turtles moved much at all .	Matt figured turtles may not be the best pet to try to get and race .
4	She was happy .	There once was a girl named Josie .	She wanted to learn how to ride a bike .	She kept trying and falling down .	Eventually , her friend taught her the correct way .
4	Chris bought many delicious foods at the grocery store .	Chris was hungry	Chris decided to go to the store .	Chris drove to the store .	Chris browsed every aisle .
2	After the parade was over there was a big fair at the park .	In the Middle of April a town had a parade .	Many groups in the town marched for the parade .	At the fair the mayor said this was the best parade ever .	All the townspeople cheered when he said that .
0	After the blizzard , I did n't know how I was going to shovel anything .	As a renter , I always trust my landlord to shovel for me .	Yesterday , he was outside shoveling by himself .	I felt guilty sitting in my nice , warm apartment .	So today , I borrowed his shovel and cleaned up the sidewalk .
3	Which is why she was so hurt her sister wasted time with their cousin .	Gina rarely saw her sister .	They did n't live in the same state .	Gina cherished the time there were able to spend together .	Now the cousin was gone , and Gina could enjoy her time with her sister
1	She was really nervous she would get bullied for her height .	Jenny went to her first day in middle school .	Sure enough she was made fun of by a group of girls .	To Jenny 's surprise her teacher saw and stood up for her .	Jenny is excited to come tomorrow to spend more time with her teacher .
2	Then she noticed that everyone was looking at her .	Bel was attending a Christmas party .	She was having a great time .	She had accidentally walked under the mistletoe with a cute guy !	Bel blushed as he bent to give her a kiss on the cheek .
4	She brought it out to the girl and it fit perfectly .	A girl walked into a clothing store and saw a shirt she liked .	She asked the clerk if they had it in her size .	The clerk only found sizes that were too small .	The clerk took one shirt in the back and stretched it by hand .
2	The man asked me what my name was .	I was training to become a cashier in a casino .	A man , who was also a cashier , came into the room .	I gave him my name and my number to call me later .	We started to date later on that day .
0	Anna missed her parents very often .	Anna played songs on the piano they used to play for her .	The piano in her home stayed with her as she got old .	Her kids played it eventually , and continued after she died too .	The piano was passed on to their children eventually as well .
1	Joe got busy building a fabulous dog house .	Joe 's new dog slept in an old box on the porch .	As he worked , the dog snoozed in the old box .	When Joe finished , he replaced the old box with the fancy dog house .	That night , the dog whined until Joe brought back the old box .
2	The nail punctured his foot , causing a lot of pain !	Ned was out playing in his yard one day .	Suddenly , while running , he stepped on a rusty nail .	Ned 's mom rushed to take him for a tetanus shot .	Afterwards , she bandaged Ned 's foot and kissed it softly .
4	She nursed Jon 's bruised leg .	Marcia was watching her little brother Jon play soccer in the park .	Jon tripped and fell on the grass .	He got up and limped across the field .	Marcia placed her arm around Jon .
3	He had won the dare !	Bob 's friends dared Bob to eat a rotten banana .	Bob accepted the dare .	Bob quickly devoured the rotten banana .	Unfortunately , the banana made him sick for a whole week .
2	We saw lions and cheetahs .	Yesterday I went on an animal safari at animal kingdom .	The ride was fun .	I took a lot of pictures .	The pictures would last a lifetime .
3	The ride took off and I was freaking out .	My cousin and I were about to go on the space mountain ride at Disney .	I had never been on a coaster before and was freaked out .	As I got in the car and put the bar close to me , I shut my eyes .	Thankfully it was over before I knew it .
3	Charles bought the Eclypse for three thousand dollars .	Charles checked out his motel room and did n't want to wait for a bus .	He went to Starbucks and log on craigslist to buy a used car .	He met Trecce Cio who showed him a 2004 Mitsubishi Eclipse .	The engine died after twelve months .
4	She was relieved and happy that she did n't have to make dinner !	I went to see my mother last night .	She was very tired and her back was hurting .	I cooked dinner for her so she did n't have to .	We had tacos , one of our favorite meals .
3	On Monday morning when she was walking down the stairs she tripped .	Rachel was very excited for yearbook photo 's on Monday .	She had really blossomed over the summer and felt great .	She just needed to survive two more days without any face damage .	She refused to smile in her photo since she was now missing two teeth .
0	Megan loves chocolate strawberries .	She decided to try to make them herself .	She bought the strawberries and chocolate .	She melted the chocolate and dipped the fruit .	They turned out great .
3	I was stumped .	One day , I wanted to make waffles .	I made the batter and poured it in the waffle iron .	The battery started to leak out the sides , but it was not cooking .	Then , I realized I had never plugged the waffle iron in .
3	The aspiring musician practiced every day , until her fingers hurt .	Regina got a guitar for her birthday , this year !	She really wanted to learn how to play it , so she asked for lessons .	The next week , she met her new instructor , and learned two chords !	Six months later , she and her friends started a band .
2	Four years later he graduated with his degree .	Since Carlton was a small he child he dreamt of being a cop .	He applied to a great college with a criminal justice department .	Carlton applied to his local police force and started training .	Six months later his dreams finally came true !
4	The zookeeper caught them all and returned them to the zoo .	One fine morning , the zookeeper showed up for work .	This zookeeper was in charge of watching the monkeys .	When he went to check on them , they were gone !	It turned out , all the monkeys had escaped and were running rampant !
1	She loved hiking especially when her dog was able to come .	Helen 's family drove to the mountains to go for hike .	The two of them ran ahead of the others along the path .	Her dog took off running after a rabbit .	She called him and he finally came back to her .
2	He did not think his mom was going to buy it .	Jacob wanted a new robe for Christmas .	He picked one out from the catalog .	He told her what color and everything .	When Christmas came , he opened the box and there was the robe .
3	He went to the pharmacy and bought vitamins .	Josh went to go take his vitamin pills .	When he opened the bottle , he realized there were none left .	Josh decided he needed to get more vitamins .	Finally , Josh could take his vitamins !
0	Charles was running late for work .	He rushed out to his car to leave .	Charles realized that he forgot his keys !	He rushed back inside to grab them .	Charles was finally able to leave for work .
4	Soon the cinnamon smell was floating through the house .	Justin 's apartment reeked .	He was a messy guy so naturally , gross smells built up .	One day , he decided to buy a candle .	He lit it and put it in his kitchen .
1	To thank Mark , his dad decided to buy him tickets to go to a game .	Mark 's dad had noticed he was helping his mother a lot with chores .	At the baseball game , Mark caught a foul ball .	With his new souvenir in hand , they walked home after the game .	Mark was so excited to tell his mother about their day that evening .
2	She made his favorite -- pumpkin pie .	Katie did not know too much about baking .	However , she wanted to please her husband by baking a pie .	She watched him eat it and saw the smile on his face .	She knew she had done a good job !
4	At the shower the guests had a great time and the bride was thrilled .	Pat wanted to host a shower for his niece Anna for her wedding .	The first thing to do was to invite her closest friends and family .	Pat and her daughters then began to plan the food for the shower .	Her daughters thought playing fun games would keep things interesting .
2	When he lost he freaked out .	Jake had anger issues .	He was playing videogames with friends .	He threw the remote and yelled .	He was never invited to play again .
4	We were sore the next day .	I went to the gym with my girlfriend today .	We did some bench pressing .	i benched 200 pounds of weight .	She benched 100 pounds of weight .
1	He was looking for someone to sit with at lunch .	Nick started at a new school today .	None of the other children would let Nick sit with them .	Lucy felt bad for Nick .	Lucy let Nick sit by her and eat .
0	Charlie 's neighbors were making too much noise .	He needed to sleep for work in the morning .	Charlie 's phone calls went unanswered .	Charlie went over to air his grievances .	Charlie was finally able to get his sleep .
0	Dan cut class yesterday .	He was given detention .	He went to detention after school .	He had to do work for 2 hours .	He vowed to never cut again .
0	I just bought a new car today .	I 'm now the owner of two cars .	I still have my old car and do n't know what to do with it .	My friend said the dealership will buy my old car from me .	I 'll go back tomorrow and get some cash for my old car .
1	I decided to spell everything incorrectly just for fun .	I was writing an essay for a natural language processor .	As a result the processor failed .	My boss found out what I did and scolded me .	I realized that I should not play around at work .
1	He grabbed his hammer and some nails and walked over to the wall .	Ben bought a new frame to hang a picture up on the wall .	He began to hammer a nail into a chosen spot .	While hammering the nail , Ben smashed his pointer finger .	Ben finished hanging the picture and then treated his injury .
4	She took a cold bath in order to alleviate her pain .	Jenna hit the weight hard in the gym .	She did 4 sets of squats during her workout .	She left the gym feeling sore .	When she got home she could barely walk .
3	Everything was about complicated science and medicine .	Bob just started college this year and is a Zoology major .	He purchased all his textbooks and pretty much ran out of money .	He then went to his first week of classes and felt overwhelmed .	Bob hoped that all this expensive hard work would be worth it .
0	Karen , Ashley , and Beth were very excited .	In two weeks they would be flower girls !	Karen decided they should cut each other 's hair .	Afterward , their hair touched their ears and felt very light .	When Mommy came home , she was sure to be very surprised !
1	He was excited that the school dance was Friday .	Henry loved to dance .	He went out on the floor with his friends .	He was so into it , he kept dancing when the music stopped .	When he finally looked around everyone was staring at him .
4	She ran for a towel and started to put pressure on the spot .	My sister was annoying me by shouting .	I pushed her away to stop her .	However , she got mad and smacked me with a controller .	My head ended up bleeding .
2	He also read a lot of cookbooks .	Rocky wanted to become a better cook .	So he enrolled in cooking lessons .	Fortunately , he graduated from cooking classes as the # 1 student .	Rocky is now an awesome cook thanks to the cooking lessons !
4	She said it was the best gift she had ever gotten .	It was Sarah 's birthday .	Her husband bought her a beautiful necklace .	He gave her the necklace as a present .	Sarah was overwhelmed and hugged him tightly .
0	Lacey just bought a new can of paint .	She was getting ready to refinish an old piece of furniture .	As she was painting , her dog knocked over the can .	She could not get the paint off the floor .	Now she has blue spots on her carpet .
2	I positioned my legs on the petals and rode off .	Benny told me that I 'm ready to ride the bike without training wheels .	He took them off and offered the bike .	I stumbled a couple of times however , I rode smoothly afterwards .	The bike was n't leaning or falling on one side .
0	Amy was at her desk but she needed to use the bathroom .	She knew the janitor was in the bathroom and had to wait .	She walked swiftly to the bathroom when he was done .	In a hurry she turned the corner and ran into her boss .	Amy was just happy the coffee spilled on her was cold .
2	It looked like a floating stick .	Sean was at the lake with his family .	He was swimming when he noticed something in the water .	He realized that it was a water moccasin snake .	He quickly climbed out of the water .
4	SO CHEWING GUM CAN HELP WITH YOUR CONCENTRATION AFTER ALL .	MY DAUGHTER HAD TO DO A SCIENCE PROJECT .	SO SHE WANTED TO USE ME FOR A EXAMPLE .	SO SHE GAVE ME A PIECE OF GUM AND 21 MATH PROBLEMS , I GOT 1 WRONG	SHE TOLD ME TO SPIT OUT THE GUM , GAVE 21 MATH PROBLEMS , I GOT 4 WRONG
1	It was thundering and lightning more than he had ever seen before .	Eric watched the storm from his back porch .	All of a sudden a bolt of lightning hit a tree about 50 yards away .	There was a loud crack .	The big limbs at the top of the tree came crashing to the ground .
1	Her mom always told her no horseplay in the house	Jenna was a trouble maker	One day she was roughing around the house	She accidentally broke her mom 's favorite vase	Jenna was grounded for a month
2	I sneaked several cookies through that window and gobbled them up .	Mom bought a box of Little Debbie cookie snacks .	The box had a little window you could poke your finger through .	Mom later asked me how I thought the box was three cookies short .	I told her it must have been a counting error at the factory !
0	Maurice had been a big time drug dealer for Year 's .	His biggest pull was about to happen , as he smuggled LSD into Florida .	However , the heat began to make him sweat .	The 100 LSD hits began leaching into his skin .	Maurice is at a hospital now , and thinks he is a glass of orange juice
2	I pulled over onto the curb and called a tow truck .	I was driving down the street one day .	Suddenly , my car started shaking and then it stopped .	I sat there waiting for almost an hour .	A tow truck finally showed up and I went home .
4	She arrived at her interview soaked .	Kelly had an important interview .	She drove to the town where the interview was in .	It suddenly started to rain .	Kelly did n't have an umbrella !
0	Tuesday 's night my husband and I watch a movie together .	On movie nights we usually order Chinese and eat it in front of the TV	The last movie we watched was Ernest Saves Christmas .	I thought it was a fairly cute movie and enjoyed it .	I really cherish our movie nights together .
0	Gina 's class had a new student .	And he had a brand new desk .	He seemed oblivious to the jealousy of the other students .	Gina felt it was only fair he knew they all hated him ,	She sat and scowled hoping he would turn and see her hateful face .
2	I came downstairs to lots of gifts under the tree .	I woke up this morning and was so excited .	It 's Christmas today , and Santa came !	My sister and I sang with glee .	Christmas is my favorite time of the year .
4	Tom ultimately became an adept web developer .	Tom majored in art in college .	Tom was unable to find work after college .	He decided to teach himself web development .	He learned a lot online from free tutorials .
0	Fred woke up one day with a very bad headache .	He found a thermometer and took his temperature .	His temperature was over 105 degrees .	Fred 's wife quickly drove him to the hospital .	Fred stayed in the hospital for one week until he felt better .
0	Amy was going to visit her friend who just moved .	She looked up the address and thought she knew how to get there .	While she was driving she realized that she was lost !	Luckily she had her phone and she used the GPS to get back on track .	In the end she found her way to her friend 's new house .
1	She thought it would encourage her to lose some weight .	Sally bought her prom dress a size too small .	But she did n't bother to diet or exercise .	When prom day came the dress did n't fit .	She had nothing to wear so she could n't go to prom .
2	She planned many fun activities .	Steph 's cousin was coming to town .	Steph was very excited .	Her cousin got sick his first day here .	Steph was disappointed .
2	She was thrilled the whole night .	Alice won tickets to her favorite band 's concert .	When Alice arrived she saw she had seats near the stage .	At the end of the night the guitarist threw out his guitar pick .	Alice jumped up and caught it .
0	Three best friends think it will be great when they move in together .	They are soon interrupting each other 's dates .	So they set up a schedule .	Each roommate is only allowed to bring a date home on certain nights .	This solves their privacy issues .
1	First , he had to provide proof of his address .	Adam wanted to get a new library card .	He searched through a box of junk mail .	Finally , he found an official letter with his address .	He turned it in and was able to get his card .
2	After a minute of speaking , he began to stutter .	A politician was preparing for a speech .	He walked on stage and began his speech .	To recover , the politician just kept moving forward .	After the speech , the politician gained a lot of support .
0	Ziggy was an excellent math student	His teacher suggested that he become a tutor in his free time .	He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board .	Soon he had clients from three different schools .	All the money he made went into his college fund .
1	She decided to take it into the repair people .	Kelly was having issues with her laptop .	When she took it in , she was worried they could n't fix it .	Thankfully however they fixed it with no problem .	Kelly was super thankful .
0	Diana arrived at her son 's aftercare .	She dropped off her son .	Although the teacher was reaching out to him , he freaked to you .	He also cried while calling my name .	I immediately held him in order to prevent him from crying .
1	However , her boyfriend wanted to have a small private wedding .	Jessica had always wanted a big wedding with many guests .	They argued about the wedding for a year .	Finally her boyfriend told her he did n't want to be married .	Now Jessica worries that she will never have her big wedding .
1	He slapped the ball from the boys hands too a teammate .	Josiah ran after the opposing player with the ball .	His teammate dribbled towards their basket .	Josiah took a pass from the teammate and made a basket as time expired	The team hugged each other in celebration .
2	His workers all called to say they could n't make it to the store .	The grocery store manager was worried .	There had been a big storm and snow was blocking the roads .	He did n't know if it was worth it to open the store .	He decided to stay home and take the day off .
1	She was afraid it might hurt .	Amy wanted to get her ear pierced .	But she gathered her nerves .	She went to the mall and got her ear pierced .	To her surprise , it barely hurt at all !
3	Hal gave them out to everyone , and developed a demand .	Hal once had a dream .	His dream was to be a famous baker .	Half baked pastries once for free .	Now , Hal 's cakes are well known throughout the land .
1	One day mindy had to leave to a new hometown .	Mindy and alex were best friends .	They did n't speak for 5 Years .	Later on , they eventually reunite in a new school .	They have resentment in their relationship .
2	I happily ran down the street for a few minutes .	I put on my jogging clothes and shoes .	I walked outside to begin my run .	Suddenly , I felt myself lose my balance .	I fell face first into the cement sidewalk .
0	Maria is a girl who lived in the mountainous areas of her country .	One day her dad decided they were going to go to the beach .	It was her first trip to the beach so she felt good when they arrived .	Maria played in the sand and swam a lot in the ocean .	Maria took a lot of pictures and showed them to her friends at home .
0	Sam was afraid of sleeping in the dark .	So he always slept with the lights on .	One night , there was a power outage in his neighborhood .	Sam began to panic .	But then he found a flashlight he could keep on all night .
0	Neil was visiting Tunisia .	He joined his tour group at the airport .	Together they saw the scenery .	They stopped for lunch at a traditional Tunisian restaurant .	Neil immensely enjoyed his trip to Tunisia !
1	School was about to start and she had missed the orientation .	Penny had just moved to a new state .	The day after she moved in , her mom took her to the school .	They met her teachers and got her schedule , and toured the school .	Penny was very excited about the new school .
1	He had already swallowed 100 hot dogs when a gull landed on his head .	Joe was ready to win the eating contest .	Frightened Joe ran .	As he needed to remain present to win , he lost the competition .	Joe developed a fear of contest eating and never entered again .
3	She was heartbroken and very worried .	Delilah 's favorite toy was a stuffed lion .	She loved playing with it , and took it everywhere .	One day while playing at the park , Delilah lost her lion .	Luckily her dad found it , and Delilah was thrilled to be reunited .
3	Janice could not decide between mint and strawberry flavors .	Janice was craving ice cream .	She went to the store and found the ice cream aisle .	The store had twenty six different flavors of ice cream .	She ended up buying both .
0	Tim noticed that he could wiggle his tooth with his tongue .	He rushed to show his mom what he could do .	She told him to be patient and it would come out when it was ready .	Three days latter Tim 's tooth fell out and he put it under his pillow .	The next morning when he woke his tooth was replaced with a dollar .
4	Mary gave birth during their travels .	Mary found that she was pregnant .	Her boyfriend Joseph was unhappy because he knew the baby was not his .	Joseph decided to marry her despite the fact he was not the father .	They married and went on honeymoon to Bethlehem .
3	Christmas eve , Timmy woke up to find Santa at his tree .	Timmy believed in Santa Claus .	His mother told him he was n't real though .	He still did n't believe her .	Timmy woke his mom to show her .
1	However , she stumbled when she had the ball .	Although Nancy was sore from the previous game , she played today .	In addition , the other team managed to steal it from her .	The coach tried to take her to the bench but she refused .	Nancy picked herself up and continued to play .
4	Now Sara has a successful photography business .	Sara bought a camera with her tax return .	She wanted to become a photographer to make extra money .	Sara began practicing her photography .	She got good at taking pictures .
1	While her friends studied for careers , Sal helped them handle stress .	Sal was a great listener and a great friend .	Then she considered her own career .	It did n't take long for her to come up with a perfect choice .	Sal became a therapist , and continued to help people every single day !
2	He sat down on his couch and turned on the tv .	Todd went to his kitchen to get a drink .	He poured some water in a glass and went to his living room .	While watching tv , Todd relaxed and knocked his glass over .	The glass shattered on the floor and Todd had to clean it up .
1	She decided to go back to college .	Frankie got fired from her job .	She got a dental hygienist degree .	She got a great new job .	She was really proud of herself .
1	They spent all day talking about what they would do to annoy her .	Greg and Molly were going to have a new babysitter tonight .	When she got to their house they were all ready to go .	But she had bought a bag full of video games for them to play .	They had so much fun they forgot about their plans .
3	He did n't land it right and hurt his ankle .	Logan was skateboarding in his neighborhood with his friends .	They dared him to do a trick on his board .	Feeling cocky , he tried a trick he 'd never done before .	He could n't skate for the rest of the month .
4	Chris made a lot of money that day .	Chris found some old magazines in the attic while cleaning .	He decided to take them to the pawn store to see what they were worth .	When he arrived he put the magazines on the counter .	The owner said that the magazines were worth a lot .
0	In college my friends and I were a little crazy .	We often went up to the roof of our dorm to party .	One year at Halloween we carved pumpkins .	Someone thought it would be a good idea to throw them off the roof .	We threw three pumpkins and they broke all over the pavement .
1	So he was furious when he heard his cousin would be coming to stay .	Carl loved comic books , but hated playing with other children .	When he got home from school , his mom introduced the two of them .	But Annie declared she did n't want to play , she wanted to read comics .	Carl realized this could be the start of a beautiful friendship .
3	He sprayed it all over his house .	Todd was grossed out when he looked at his floors .	There were ants crawling all over .	He went to the store and bought some pesticides .	All the ants died within a few hours .
2	Sam took the seeds and planted them .	Sam loves corn .	His mom gave him a pack of seeds .	He kept the weeds away .	Soon Sam was eating lots of his corn .
0	Last summer the Smith Family went on a trip to Disney World .	It was a surprise for their little daughter .	She loves all the Disney princesses .	Meeting Cinderella totally made her day .	And she even got a picture with and signature on it from her .
0	Maggie 's cousin was going to be in a parade .	Maggie had to bring her her coat before the float left .	She was watching them get ready and thought it looked fun .	Suddenly , the owner asked if she would like to ride .	Maggie said yes and rode in the parade .
1	Lately , Amy had shown signs of jealousy .	Tim 's girlfriend Amy was always a cool and calm chick .	Tim could n't figure out what was wrong .	Soon , her jealousy got even worse and Tim was ready to leave .	The next day , Amy got her period which explained the strong emotions .
2	On her drive in she blew out a tire .	Last Tuesday started like any other day .	My wife drove off to work , and I woke up the kids .	I wanted to go change the tire , but our second car would n't start .	We both ended up getting towed to get our cars fixed .
1	I went to the garage and grabbed the pressure cleaner .	My driveway was stained dark in some places .	I brought it out to the driveway and hooked it up .	I sprayed the driveway until the stains were gone .	After I was done , the driveway was clean .
1	They were expecting the baby any day .	Jessie 's sister-in-law was pregnant .	One night , Jessie got a bad phone call .	Her mom let her know that the baby had passed away .	Jessie rushed to the hospital to comfort her brother and his wife .
3	After some time Mitch said that he 'll take the job for $ 100,000/year .	Mitch entered into the interview with a cocky attitude .	The man interviewing asked Mitch if he thought he was a good fit .	Mitch did n't answer and just stared down the interviewer .	Mitch 's confidence impressed the interviewer so much he accepted .
2	But she could n't find any wigs she liked , so she decided to go bald .	Kay had best cancer , but the treatment had made her hair fall out .	She was afraid to return to school without hair .	On her first day back , she got a wonderful surprise .	Five other students had shaved their heads to look just like her !
1	I decided to go kayaking .	I was bored .	I went alone .	The kayak capsized and I almost drowned .	I realized I should go with a friend next time .
1	I had no idea what I was doing .	The first time I went horseback riding was bad .	I could n't steer the horse any direction .	It started running uncontrollably .	I almost fell off before someone helped .
0	Ava had always wanted to ride a horse .	Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday .	Ava was thrilled !	She and her dad went to the corral and saddled up .	Soon Ava was riding her horse , sobbing tears of joy !
1	So everyone was required to choose a story to read .	It was reading time for Carl and his class .	But Carl did n't see any books that he liked .	So he decided to write his own story .	But when his teacher saw , he got in trouble .
4	Richard found out a few days later that the group destroyed the site .	Richard and his family were in charge of an ancient mesopotamian site .	A terror group began to close in on their town , worrying Richard .	Richard and his family decided to abandon the site and fled .	The terror group took over the town and found the ancient temple .
2	He then tried to take diet pills .	Will wanted to lose weight before summer .	He went on a drastic diet that did n't seem to work .	Those did n't work either !	Now he is running four hours each day and seeing great results !
0	Mark was excited to go to a baseball game on opening day .	As his father drove he gladly read what was written on the ticket .	When they arrived at the stadium he was in awe of it 's size .	As they approached Mark gladly handed the ticket to the worker .	As they sat in their seats he smiled , happy to be close to the field .
2	By the time I made it out of the shower I was coughing .	I sneezed as I woke up this morning .	I knew immediately that something was not right .	I went right back to bed .	I need to rest and get better .
3	Four hours passed and they still did not have a winner .	Raven and Tim were playing chess .	It drew a large crowd .	They kept playing for hours .	They decided it was a tie .
2	One evening , at dinner , a client ordered lobster for both of them .	Martin , from a disadvantaged background , had done well in school .	He had earned a coveted job as a junior investment banker .	Having never had lobster before , Martin panicked momentarily .	Composing himself , he managed to successfully imitate the client .
2	However , Matt worked very hard and was eventually admitted .	Matt had always found the court system interesting .	His teachers told him his grades were too low to get into law school .	He worked as hard as he could in law school .	Finally Matt became a lawyer .
0	Tony bought a new jacket .	When he went to school the kids said it was fake .	tony cried .	Then tony saw a homeless man wearing no jacket .	He was then thankful for what he had .
4	Bree was never teased about her glasses at all !	Bree was starting at a new school .	She worried that her classmates would mock her .	At her old school , she had been the only girl with glasses !	But at this new school she saw that there were many bespectacled kids .
1	His brother had just yelled at James for losing his glasses .	James was very mad at his older brother .	James knew that it was his fault , but did n't understand his brother .	Why did he always yell at James ?	James punched his brother in anger , which led to him being being beat .
2	Later in the evening we went outside to find the car window smashed .	We were sitting in the house playing games as a family .	We heard a loud noise , but did n't think too much about it .	We called the police to file an incident report .	Later , we found out the neighbor had hit the car while backing up .
3	She finally found the perfect dress .	Liz was having her 30th birthday in 2 days .	She still did not have anything to wear .	Her mom decided to take her shopping .	Liz had a great party .
4	We made it just in time for Tip off .	I just knew I was going to be late .	We drove for what seemed like forever .	Even the GPS seemed to be getting lost .	Finally I saw where we were going .
1	They took me to the music store and bought me a guitar .	When I was 12 I asked my parents for guitar lessons .	I was also signed up for guitar lessons .	I enjoyed playing the guitar and practiced many hours a day .	Many years later I still enjoy playing the guitar .
4	We were so tired at the end of the day I fell asleep in the car .	Today my family went to the beach .	We splashed around in the water .	We built sand castles .	Dad brought a picnic and we ate sandwiches on the beach .
1	He loved to paint trees .	Larry was an artist .	One day he saw a beautiful oak tree on the side of the road .	He stopped and pulled out his painting supplies .	He began to paint a beautiful canvas of the tree .
2	They prepared Charles for his interview with Honda .	Charles saw a posting at Honda Corporation and applied right away .	A staffing agency called back and said they recruited for Honda .	Charles interviewed with Honda in an empty call center .	The agency said Honda did n't want him but a low paying company did .
3	Alas , he did n't like having to go to the bathroom more often .	Gary had trouble drinking enough water throughout the day .	He decided to use an alarm clock to remind him to drink .	The alarm clock worked .	He decided to ditch the alarm clock .
0	Tim woke up feeling very tired .	He did n't have the motivation to go to work .	His friend gave him an energy drink .	Tim felt much more awake .	Tim was able to finally go to work .
2	He left a note on Charles ' door to see him at once .	Eddie was a church deacon .	So he shocked a lot of people when he did what he did do .	Eddie screamed and hollered at Charles about shower water .	Eddie demanded Charles shower in cooler water and not make steam .
2	The deer hit the side of Larry 's truck .	Larry was driving home from work .	All of sudden a big deer came running across the road .	Larry was very shook up from the collision .	From then on Larry was always looking out for deer .
3	Finally I put the beef filling in the shells and then deep fried them .	I love empanadas so one day I decided to make them from scratch .	First I made the dough for the shells which got flour all over .	Then I made the meat filling with beef and seasonings .	The empanadas turned out delicious and were a big hit with my family .
1	He wanted her to stay and watch TV with him .	Lucy was bored watching TV with her grandpa .	Grandma came into the room .	Lucy eagerly attempted to help with her chores .	Grandpa laughed and suggest she relax and enjoy the show .
2	She also brought her own healthy lunch .	Jill wanted to lose weight .	She started walking to work .	She lost 20 pounds in three months .	Now she heads a weight loss club to motivate others !
1	She was alone for the majority of the process .	Gina was enrolling in high school .	She sat in an office with windows and waited to be called .	She thought it would be an hour or two when she started at 7 AM .	It was now lunch time and she was still waiting .
0	Marvin wanted a job at the store .	Marvin sent in a job application .	The store manager called Marvin in for an interview .	Marvin impressed the store manager and was hired .	Marvin felt happy in his new job .
0	Harry 's wife left him for another man .	Harry got so blue , wondering how he could move on in life .	He began recording his thoughts and making notes of his experience .	As he came out of his blues , he realized he had a book on his hands .	A year later , his book on surviving divorce is already helping others .
0	I went to the bowling alley with a friend .	This was the first time she had gone bowling .	I had to show her how to hold the ball .	She was very good at bowling .	She beat me in every game !
4	The packet exploded and helped the cops identify the robber later .	Amanda was working as a teller in a bank .	One day a masked man approached her belligerently .	He brandished a gun and demanded money from her .	She handed him a sack of money into which she 'd put a dye packet .
0	I wanted to learn a blue collar trade .	I decided to apprentice in HVAC .	I was accepted as an apprentice to a HVAC union !	Alas , on my second day I broke my leg .	I had to drop out of the apprenticeship .
1	The goalie stood in the middle of the goal .	The hockey player was approaching the goalie .	The hockey player moved left , and then quickly to the right .	The goalie ended up falling when the puck was moving .	The puck ended up touching the goal .
3	When he got home , Jimmy started punching the walls at his home .	Jimmy wanted to learn karate .	His mom signed him up for lessons .	He learned how to kick and punch at his first day of lessons .	His karate instructor scolded him the next day .
2	Denise was sad to lose her roommate .	Denise was roommates with Phoebe .	Phoebe decided to move out .	She put an advertisement in the paper for a new roommate .	Now Denise lives with Monica .
0	John peaked around the corner .	He was on the lookout for anyone that might be following him .	The coast was clear and he breathed a sigh of relief .	John looked at his gun to ensure it was fully loaded .	He loved playing paintball on the weekends more than anything .
4	Johns frog jumped so far that he beat everyone and won .	The frog jumping contest would be next weekend .	John and I were training our frogs to jump the highest .	John used a sound to make his frog jump , but I used food .	When the contest arrived , my frog just sat there .
1	They especially loved going to bizarre places to try weird foods .	Michelle and Julia loved going out to eat .	Most of these foods were slimy or spicy .	They had fun recounting their food adventures with friends .	Julia loved having Michelle as her food adventure friend .
0	This was John 's first time driving in Australia .	He was unfamiliar with driving on the left side of the road .	He got in his rental and noticed right away something different .	The steering wheel was on the right side of the car .	John returned the rental car and chose to go by bus .
4	However , they did not turn out like mom 's jam .	Sam wanted to try to make jam .	She picked plums from the orchard .	She boiled them in the pot .	She then did the canning .
4	Now Lary gives out lemons to everybody in town !	Lary planted a lemon tree .	Lary thought the tree would be small .	The tree grew to be over twenty feet tall !	Lary had more lemons than he could use !
1	One day Tim noticed pain in his wrists .	Tim was an office worker .	Tim researched treatment methods online .	Tim tried many strengthening exercises .	Tim soon felt his pain disappear .
3	Apples rained down from the branches .	Chuck was driving his convertible to the store to buy fruit .	A deer caused him to swerve off the road .	He then ran into an apple tree .	With his car full of apples he no longer needed to go to the store .
4	They are actually friendly .	When I was in high school , I though Gothic people were weird .	They were always dressed in black and had piercings .	After high school , I got to know some of them .	Now I do not think they are weird .
1	Lisa was sad because she could n't go to school .	Lisa came down with the flu .	Lisa decided to rest well at home so she could recover .	Lisa 's flu went away after one week .	Finally , lisa could go back to school !
4	Then she paid for her groceries .	Phuong brought some reusable bags to the store .	She checked out the produce section .	Phuong then selected some spices .	She got in line at the checkout .
4	He proposed to Dee , telling her that he had left the flyer on her car .	Dee found a pink piece of paper tucked under her windshield wiper .	It was a flyer for a concert taking place later that night .	Dee 's boyfriend had just cancelled their date , so she decided to go .	At the concert , she was surprised when her boyfriend got on stage .
0	Lee wished she could go on vacation , but had no extra money .	She started a second job , to save money for a vacation .	Her second month on the job , Lee won an award for best work .	Lee was thrilled to learn the award gave a prize of a free vacation .	Sadly , Lee could not take the vacation because she had to work .
1	She needed some money .	Suzie lived down the road from the ATM .	She put on shoes and went outside .	Then , she walked down to the ATM .	Finally , she got her money .
0	Tom kept trying to do homework last night .	He needed to concentrate on a tricky subject .	His phone kept distracting him by beeping .	He tried ignoring his text .	Until he chose to just turn off his phone .
4	Still , she decided to buy a couple of pairs of discounted shoes .	Maya was looking for shoes for a wedding .	She was pretty sure she had already picked her favorite pair .	Suddenly she noticed a sign for a huge shoe sale .	She was n't supposed to spend any extra money .
1	He performed well in everything but his academics .	Duke was a star athlete at his school .	He was failing all of his classes .	Duke 's coaches found out and had to kick him off of the team .	He was so upset he dropped out of school and did n't graduate .
2	He stored food in his tent .	Basil went camping in bear infested woods .	He was ignorant of safety practices for outdoor activities .	Basil was assaulted by bears .	He suffered injuries .
1	Although many of his friends have gray hair , he does n't like it .	Reginald notices that his hair is becoming gray .	He decides to dye his hair brown to look younger .	It takes him hours to finish dying his hair in the bathroom .	When he is finished , Reginald is happy he no longer has gray hair .
2	He listened closely , but only heard silence .	Khalid was in Nepal hunting for the Abominable Snowman .	He saw footprints in the snow and followed them to a cave .	As he started to leave , he heard a deafening roar from the cave .	Khalid took off running , deciding he did n't want to see the monster .
1	Some of these children are infants that are in diapers .	Bobbie has a daycare in her home where she takes care of 8 kids .	One family chooses to diaper their child in cloth diapers .	Bobbie does n't mind using them , but they are more work .	Bobbie changes the baby and then puts the soiled diaper in a bag .
2	But when Anna got off the bus that afternoon , she was smiling .	Ana was starting first grade .	Her parents had no money to buy her a backpack .	On her back was a shiny new Dora backpack .	Ana said her teacher had had extra backpacks !
2	One day a woman crashed into the back of his car .	Ray had a blue car with a sunroof .	He loved the car more than anything else .	Ray felt in love with the woman that hit his car .	He no longer has the blue car .
3	It ran out the window , thankfully .	Once , a monkey got into my girlfriend 's house in India .	The monkey was eating almonds out of a glass jar .	My girlfriend was terrified , then the monkey screamed .	She still hates monkeys to this day .
3	The day of the audition I played well and was excited .	I play violin and take a lot of orchestral auditions .	Three years ago I auditioned for Assistant Concertmaster of KCS .	I knew the audition was a long shot , but I practiced for months .	I did not win , but was the only person to advance .
3	She asked her mom for help and learned how to dance .	Andrea 's friend Nick invited her to the school dance .	She was happy to go with him .	She was a little nervous , because she could n't dance .	She went and danced to every song .
1	She decided to stay up all night working online .	Susan had a lot of bills to pay .	She did surveys until the crack of dawn and made some decent money .	By morning , she was absolutely exhausted .	Finally , she went to sleep .
0	Jane asked Jane and her friend if they can hang out together .	All of them agreed to go to the movies .	Jane panicked when she found out that her wallet is home .	In addition , her friend decided to watch the movie without her .	Jane became furious afterwards .
3	George looked around and noticed a woman running away .	George took a nap just to feel rested after work .	He woke up hours later in a garbage bag under water .	He hurriedly opened the bag and swam to the surface .	He never did discover what happened that night , but it scares him .
2	But finally Kya sweet-talked her into it .	Kya wanted a snake as a pet .	At first her mom refused .	She got a small boat and brought it home .	Eventually her mom admitted the snake was actually kind of cute !
4	I told them it was the couch and they all laughed .	I was going to the doctor 's office for a check up .	The doctor 's assistant told me to take a seat .	I sat down on a rubber couch and the couch made a fart like noise .	Everyone looked at me funny .
3	The teacher laughed and gave him credit for his homework .	Lester was a good student .	One day he forgot to do his homework .	He told the teacher he wrote his homework in disappearing ink .	Lester was happy but knew it would n't work again .
2	Her mother calmed down when Gina explained it was only 5 minutes away .	Gina 's mother was not happy about bringing her a spare key .	But Gina explained she was n't very far from her home .	Gina stood near her car waiting for her mother .	She was relieved when she spotted her car at the stop light .
0	Mary liked to watch movies while she worked .	She had gone through so many movies .	She was starting to have a hard time finding anything new .	Then , she noticed a show that she had always heard of but never seen .	She had n't thought it was interesting but decided to give it a try .
1	He wore them everyday to school .	Milton loved his white shoes .	One day his shoes were stolen from his locker during swimming .	His friends chipped in and bought him a new pair .	He is grateful for his friends .
2	But on her birthday they handed her a huge box !	Aya was the only girl in her class without a cell phone .	She hoped her parents would get her one for her birthday .	Aya hid her disappointment and opened the box .	Inside was lots of styrofoam peanuts - and a new cell phone !
4	Next , he landed a speaking role in a movie starring Tom Cruise .	After Steve signed up with an acting agency , he thought it was a scam .	But he paid their fees and took pictures in costumes .	The agency called Steve to audition for commercials and movies .	Steve made money as an extra in films .
2	So Ron practiced in private .	Ron wanted to learn how to sing .	But he did n't want anyone to know .	One day , Ron 's sister saw him singing .	And she complimented his voice .
4	Mike finished his story .	Mike wanted to write a story .	He placed his writing materials on the table .	He wrote a story about baseball .	Mike revised his story several times .
2	He started out strong , but his resolve wavered as the day wore on .	Ted was protesting the Middle East war .	He decided to participate in a fast .	But Ted managed to make it a whole day without eating .	Afterwards , he was proud of his resolve and conviction .
3	During the drive the salesman became vulgar and obnoxious .	I went to a used car dealership to shop for a car .	The salesman offered me a test drive .	We got into a Mazda 6 .	I drove back immediately , disgusted with the experience .
3	The most disturbing thing turn out to be church was not real .	Kate had the perfect church home .	The one place for peace , praying and gathering as God ask her to .	Kate had been a member for years .	Kate church was busted and she had to find another church home .
4	She has n't stopped talking about marriage since then .	I took my girlfriend to my cousin 's wedding .	It was a lovely ceremony .	When it came time to throw the bouquet everyone lined up .	My girlfriend wound up catching it .
3	She slept that night covered in the salve .	Anne had a terrible sunburn .	She went to the store for aloe lotion .	At home , she smoothed it on her burn .	In the morning , her burn was no longer painful .
3	She purchased a new CPU and more RAM for her computer .	Tara 's computer was really sluggish lately .	It was simply too old to handle all her applications .	Tara decided to upgrade her computer .	After installing the parts , her computer much smoother .
2	He 'd lost his mother and was scared !	Ava was working in a store folding sweaters .	Then she saw a crying little boy in the corner .	Ava took him to the front desk kindly .	There , they paged his frantic mother .
1	I tried many things to get it to go away , but it only got worse .	Yesterday , I had a really bad headache .	Finally , I took a nap in the hopes that it would help .	I fell asleep quickly .	When I awoke , my headache was gone .
0	Daniel had been in jail on drug charges for ten years .	When he got out , his first thought was to get more drugs .	But then he thought of his family .	He went to visit his two children and his estranged wife , who smiled .	He decided to stay with them and not get any drugs after all .
1	He called the company and ordered it .	Sean randomly decided he wanted cable .	The next morning , a man came and installed it .	He showed him how to use the system and left .	Sean spent the rest of the day enjoying the new set up .
1	He asked his wife is she had taken them to town , and she denied it .	A farmer woke up one morning , and found his pigs had gone missing .	He spent the day looking for the pigs , he even checked other farms !	At the end of the day , he went back into the barn to check again .	It turned out , the pigs had been left in the stables by mistake !
3	So I sent one of my older brother back .	I used to go on chat rooms .	I was just a kid and I the internet was new .	I remember a girl sent me a picture .	She then sent me a naked photo , I loved chatrooms .
4	In addition , she got frustrated and grounded me .	Several of my friends came over to my house .	They carried several food and alcoholic drinks with them .	The party went well until my mom came home early .	She forced everyone out of the house .
1	A raven happened to fly down and began to watch the kids .	Some kids were playing in the backyard .	When the parents brought them snacks , they shared with the raven .	The raven flew off , and did n't come back for several minutes .	It returned with a shiny piece of tin foil to give to the kids .
2	Mike drove to the local university and asked for help .	Mike realized that he needed to have a reliable skill .	He decided to go to college to learn a skill for employment .	He became enrolled and began to study to be an engineer .	Unfortunately , Mike did not enjoy school and decided to drop out .
2	A woman inside was overdosing on drugs .	My friend Mike witnessed a car accident .	He rushed over to the crashed car .	A paramedic at the scene revived the woman and shipped her off .	My friend said he 's a little traumatized about the event .
2	Beth did n't like lizards and did n't want to open the door .	Beth returned home from a party on afternoon .	On her door there was a lizard .	She decided she was being silly and opened the door .	The lizard ran right through the crease of the door into her house .
2	She had a huge craving for some fries .	Molly was watching TV .	She saw a commercial for some french fries .	She decided to make some from scratch .	Luckily , the fries came out really well .
2	The guy who picked her up was weird and creepy .	Jane was adventurous .	She decided to hitch hike to a new city	Jane felt uncomfortable and asked to be dropped off .	Jane stopped hitchhiking after that .
3	Then he added the wet ingredients , mixed , kneaded , and left it to rise .	Brad decided to make some fresh bread .	While the yeast proofed and oven preheated , he gathered ingredient .	He combined the flour and dry ingredients in a bowl .	After it finished baking , Brad had a delicious piping hot loaf !
3	The menu was unusual and interesting .	My daughter and her husband asked us to go out to eat .	We tried a new sushi bar that sounded interesting	We met in the railyard and only had to wait about 5 minutes .	We tried many new things that we had never eaten before .
4	Tommy no longer wanted a reindeer .	Tommy wanted a reindeer for a pet .	However he had never seen one .	So he went to a park .	While he was camping a reindeer ate all his food .
4	Mary went home and enjoyed the turkey she bought for dinner .	Mary went to the store to buy turkey for dinner .	Mary got to the meat section and found turkey on sale .	Mary bought 3 whole turkeys .	She decided she would store 2 in her freezer .
2	They ate popcorn and candy while watching the movie .	After settling in , the Jackson family went to see a movie .	Their two daughters , Emily and Anne-Marie , chose Because of Winn-Dixie	After the movie , Emily wanted a dog like Winn-Dixie .	Emily and her sister teamed up to persuade their parents to get a dog .
1	Dave worked hard and saved his money .	Dave had wanted to travel to California his whole life .	Eventually he had enough money for a trip .	Dave planned out his vacation .	Finally he was ready for his dream trip to California .
4	She ended the performance that night with grace .	Bailey was a ballerina performing on stage .	During a scene she fell in front of everybody .	Bailey was really embarrassed .	She promised to perform better the rest of the night .
0	Alexis was from Chile .	Alexis played a lot of soccer in the street .	Alexis became very good at soccer .	Alexis had a tryout with a professional team .	Alexis made the team !
1	Someone had keyed his car all across the hood and passenger door .	Jim was infuriated when he glanced at his car .	He called up his insurance company to file a claim .	His insurance company compensated him for the damage .	Jim went to the repair shop to have his car repainted .
3	They started bashing him right back .	Kyle was mad at all the politically correct statements .	He went on facebook to start insulting people .	People were mad about it .	He decided not to do that again .
0	John is very funny .	When we first met he said he his oven self cleaned .	I thought all ovens self clean with help .	He actually thought that he cleaned itself .	He has n't lived that one down yet .
0	There was an accident involving a truck on the highway .	A man had suffered severe head trauma .	Paramedics arrived in just a few minutes .	They carefully placed him on a stretcher and into the ambulance .	They brought him to the nearest trauma center .
4	After the first couple of seconds , I got tied up in the equipment .	The thought of doing bungee jumping scared me .	However , I was willing to take the risk and try it .	My friend went first , and he did extremely well .	He was able to land a few flips .
2	Helen approached the principle and tried to bribe him .	Helen felt bad that her son was n't going to win an award .	His older sister always wins it , and he ends up empty handed .	Principle refused at first , but accepted the higher counter offer .	Helen 's son came home with the good samaritan award .
1	But suddenly , she heard loud music coming from her neighbor 's house .	Lisa was listening to music .	She could no longer enjoy what she was listening to .	And her neighbors were playing a terrible song .	Lisa waited several hours for the music to stop .
0	Betty was five Year 's old and loved to go to restaurants .	Every weekend she would beg her mother to take her out to eat .	One weekend , her mother took her to a Mexican restaurant .	Betty ordered something that was too spicy for her .	For many weeks after , Betty did not ask to go out to eat .
0	Tammy could n't figure out why her apartment smelled bad .	She had just bought new cat litter .	She thought maybe it was due to the difference in brand .	Eventually Tammy found cat poop in her closet .	Apparently her cats did n't like the new litter .
3	He spoke to her and got her number .	Howard was in the city .	He went into a bar for a drink .	He suddenly saw this beautiful girl .	This made his night .
0	Sandy finished her research paper .	She sent it to her teacher and deleted the document after .	A few minutes later , she got a reply from her teacher .	He told her to re edit the document .	Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .
0	The woodsman sought out the biggest tree in the woods .	He swung his ax at the trunk .	Only a small chip of wood came out .	The woodsman switched to his chainsaw .	He fell the tree in one swift motion .
3	Nick lifted weights every day for a year .	Nick wanted to build muscle .	So he went to the store to buy some weights .	He immediately began a daily workout regimen with the weights .	A year later he is now very muscular .
4	Joe was angry and upset .	Joe had robbed a bank .	He escaped with the money .	Back home , he opened the bag of cash .	Then a dye pack exploded in his face !
1	There were three receptionists .	Daniel arrived at the doctor 's office .	There was no one in line .	They told him to take a number and wait .	As soon as he sat , they called his number .
2	She sadly cancelled the event and took back her friend 's invites .	Charlotte wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday .	Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans .	Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party instead .	The surprise was a success and Charlotte was ecstatic at the party .
2	One day he went to the zoo .	Arnold was scared of tigers .	He was petrified of them .	A tiger almost attacked him .	Arnold ended up despising tigers even more .
0	Reggie was rollerblading around with a friend .	They wanted somewhere better to skate and had to figure out where .	They went door to door with a petition for a nearby skate park .	They took 200 names to the mayor who had them go to the city council .	The city council approved the plan and work began on the skate park !
3	They decided that the score was not that important .	Tim and Jim began to play cards .	They kept score on the first few games .	After the fourth game they forgot to count points .	Thereafter they just played for fun .
1	First , she had to drink a sugary drink .	Melissa was pregnant and needed a glucose test .	Then , she had to wait an hour .	Finally , they drew some blood to test it .	In the end , she passed the test .
1	It had rained last night though .	Sally wanted to jump on her trampoline .	When she tried to jump , the surface was wet .	She slipped in the water .	She decided to wait until later .
3	On the day of her race , she was ready .	Susie started training for a run .	She ran 1 mile every day .	She gradually increased her mileage .	Susie won in her age division .
4	The producer then found out her copied this , and fired him .	DJ Thrill had to finish this new song by tonight .	He was in such a rush , the producer kept calling .	He decided to speed things up by copying another song .	He felt horrible that he had to do this , but he was rushed .
2	He took all of the dirty dishes to the kitchen .	Marty needed to clean his room .	He put all of his dirty clothes into the clothes hamper .	He picked up the trash and vacuumed the floor .	His room was finally clean .
2	She tried to chew some gum .	Rachel was on a flight that was about to land .	As the plane descended , her ears began to hurt .	Luckily , her ears finally popped and the pain was better .	It still felt uncomfortable for an hour or two .
0	Rita wanted to go to the park .	It was raining hard .	She got an umbrella before heading out .	When she got to the park , it stopped raining .	Rita was glad .
4	The last day of December he stayed up till midnight to ring in the New .	Dakota loved December .	He especially loved the rituals associated with all the holidays .	Early in December Dakota lit candles for eight nights .	Later in December he baked Christmas cookies .
3	But after being mocked at school for going braless , she reconsidered .	In tenth grade , Anna 's class did a unit on feminism .	Anna loved the idea .	She decided to be a feminist from now on .	Anna decided to support the cause from afar - not personally !
2	He was hoping it would help lose weight .	Jake was trying a new diet .	He bought a salad for lunch .	It did n't fill him up .	Jake wound up getting a burger as well .
2	Brian was amazed by the variety of colors .	Brian went to the hardware store for masking tape .	He walked past a display of masking tape in different colors .	He bought one for every color of the rainbow .	The cashier told him he made a great purchase .
0	Ben 's social studies class was spending the day knitting .	They were making scarfs to give to the homeless shelter .	He thought knitting was for girls .	But he felt really good about doing something for homeless people .	He even worked on an extra scarf at home that night .
3	The coffee had n't helped him at all !	Joe stopped for coffee on his way to work , as usual .	He drank it all down as quick as always .	But on this day he was still very sleepy .	Poor Joe did n't know the barista had given him decaf coffee !
0	Ida wanted to be on the swim team .	She tried out , but she did not make the team .	The coach told Ida to practice and try again next year .	She followed his instructions .	The next year , I finally made the swim team !
2	Eli inspected his work and was proud of himself .	Eli bought a new pencil sharpener .	He screwed it into the wall about shoulder level .	He sharpened his first pencil with the new sharpener .	As Eli turned the lever , the sharpener tore the drywall out .
1	When he got home , he unpacked the chair and opened the instructions .	Darron went to Ikea to buy a chair .	He only saw pictures and no words .	Frustrated , Darron attempted to finish it without instructions .	By the end of the night , the chair looked more like modern art .
1	My Indian friend suggest I put cardamom seeds in the rice .	I was cooking rice .	He said it would make the rice taste better .	I decided to follow his advice .	Indeed , the rice tasted delicious !
1	When she got home , she found an old photo of a man in the book .	Grace went to the library and checked out a book .	She posted the photo on a forum online asking who it was .	Grace learned the photo was of the author .	Grace then realized that the book may have been owned by the author .
0	Nicolas got sick after a bowl of chilli .	He realized he probably got a food virus .	Nic called in sick from work .	His boss showed up at his home and brought some food .	To help Nic recover , his boss had made some chilli .
1	They made appointments at a nearby salon .	Julie and Sara decided to treat themselves to a spa day .	During their visit , they received manicures and pedicures .	Sara had her hair done while Julie received a massage .	They left the salon feeling relaxed and pleased with their experience .
3	She sang her heart out and they tore her apart .	Becky really wanted to be a pop star .	She signed up for an audition on American Idol .	She passed the first round and got to sing for the judges .	Becky has decided to try dancing .
4	The box should arrive by Saturday .	On Monday my wife bought an Easter basket for our granddaughter .	We live in Boston and she lives in NYC .	We had trouble finding a box .	We found one today and packed the basket up .
0	My mom had a 75 gallon fish tank .	She had friendly freshwater fish in there .	Every one of her birthdays , I bought her shark for her tank .	I tried to turn her sweet tank into a shark tank .	To my shagrin , all the shark died and were eaten by the sweet fish .
1	He ca n't afford to buy them so he records them from cable .	Bill 's favorite show is Walking Dead .	Bill gets his first job .	The first thing he buys is Walking Dead on Blu Ray .	He is happy to have the official high definition releases .
4	It became the most special place in the world to her .	Bella loved exploring the wooded acres behind her family 's farm .	One day , she came upon a little cottage in the woods .	It was clearly abandoned .	Over time , she decorated it and filled it with her special things .
2	The movie was n't bad but it was n't great either .	We went to the opening night showing of the movie .	While I thought it would be busy , the crowds were sparse .	Unfortunately it was similar to the other bond movies .	But I was happy to see it and glad the crowds were n't crazy .
1	When I opened it up , I started playing .	Yesterday I got a new Star Wars game .	Thankfully the levels were easy .	After an hour I beat the game .	I ended up getting a lot of coins .
0	Kyle had a hobby of collecting bottles .	There was one significant find he 'd yet to obtain .	A green glass bottle with the perfect width .	He unexpectedly found it online for sale .	Kyle could finally achieve his dream of a ship in a bottle .
1	He tried to find a sitter for his two kids that night .	Max really wanted to see a big movie premier .	Unfortunately , he could n't find anyone to watch them .	He tried looking up until the last second .	In the end , he had to miss the movie .
4	They made Susie captain of the brand new cheer squad !	Susie 's school lacked a cheer leading team .	She gathered her friends one night to dress up in school colors .	They stood by the sidelines at a soccer game cheering the team on .	Her school noticed her efforts .
3	She cried .	It was Sam 's birthday yesterday .	She got a birthday cake and presents .	Everyone had fun except for her .	She could n't get over the fact that she was so old .
2	One day he forgot he was cooking .	Chris was a very healthy eater .	He would cook boiled eggs everyday .	When he returned to the kitchen the water had evaporated .	Chris was upset he ruined his eggs .
4	Now Barbara has to put clients on waiting lists because she 's so busy .	Barbara was a hairdresser with a horrible haircut .	She wondered constantly why she never had any clients .	One day on her sister 's insistence , she got a haircut .	After that the clients started pouring in .
3	There was a huge booger hanging out of his nose .	My current husband asked me to be his girlfriend six years ago .	I remember the night very well .	We were outside on a balcony when he asked me .	I thought it was adorable and said I would be his girlfriend .
3	Molly really loved that cat .	There once was a little girl named Molly .	Molly would often get anxious and stressed .	One day , Molly 's mother bought her a little cat .	The cat helped her be calmer , and made her a lot happier .
1	We packed the car full of snacks .	I went on a road trip with my friends .	Then , we headed off !	We made a lot of memories on that trip .	It was unforgettable .
4	When the baby was born it was beautiful .	Allie was pregnant with her first child .	She was rushed to the hospital .	Unfortunately the baby would not turn around .	Allie had a c section as a result .
1	She sees many stores selling beautiful homemade soap .	Tiffany loves browsing etsy stores .	Tiffany does research and sets out to begin making her own soap .	With much practice , Tiffany begins to make a good product .	Tiffany soon after open up her very own etsy shop .
1	Rayne always dreamed of the opportunity to visit the Queen .	Rayne wanted to visit the Queen of England .	Rayne researched how she would be able to visit the Queen .	After researching , Rayne realized that visiting the Queen is not easy .	Rayne decided that watching the Queen on television would have to do .
4	Larry did n't care and bought the guitar anyway .	Larry wanted to buy a new guitar .	He spent hours looking online and going to lots of different stores .	Finally , Larry founds the perfect guitar .	It was more expensive than he expected .
3	His boss admired his guts .	Nate loved his beard .	His boss told him to shave it .	Nate told his boss he would n't shave .	His boss said it would be okay to keep the beard .
3	Gradually she realized she loved little kids !	Lo was twelve when her parents announced they were expecting again .	Lo was angry and grumpy !	She took a job babysitting to get her away from her home .	Soon she hurried home to wait to welcome her new baby brother !
4	They ended up purchasing numerous fashion jewelry pieces .	The Waldorf 's were staying at the fanciest hotel in town tonight .	As a gift of gratitude , the hotel offered a large hotel credit .	The Waldorf 's were allowed to purchase gifts with a 100 credit .	The family decided to take a peek at the store and load up .
2	A strong wind blew sand all over her .	Jen wen to the beach to read her book .	She set her chair down in the sand and sat	She stood up to brush herself off .	Jen sat back down and found where she left off .
2	The next morning , when he woke up , he saw that it was raining .	John was excited .	He was going to the beach tomorrow .	John was not able to go to the beach .	John was very sad about this .
1	Suddenly she received a message from her grandma .	Lucy was on her Facebook page one day .	Lucy was stunned since she did n't know her grandma was on Facebook .	Lucy begged her grandma to close her Facebook account .	Her grandma liked Facebook and decided to keep her account open .
3	John was out of food and water .	John was vacationing in the Australian outback .	Foolishly , he struck out into the bush .	After many hours , he realized he was lost .	After a scary night , he was found and rescued .
2	Inside she found an evil wolf .	Sam went to the forest .	Her parents told her she should n't but she gathered up the courage .	The wolf attacked her and she learned why her parents said that .	She ran home as quickly as she could and never went back .
4	Within a month she went on a date with the guy she would marry .	Ashley wanted to try online dating .	She had some friends do it before and said it was fun .	She created an account and got to work .	She went on a few dates the first few weeks .
3	But she stuck with it , and she learned to dog paddle .	Etta wanted to learn to swim .	She signed up for a swimming class .	At first she was afraid of the water .	Soon she was diving and swimming like an expert !
2	She hated the idea of the heat and pain but she had no options .	Len grew body hair extremely fast .	When she was seventeen she decided she would try wax .	She could just not put the wax on right .	After hours of messing with it she ended up without eyebrows .
0	Max loved pizza hot pockets .	He ate them every single day .	He grabbed a hot pocket and threw it in the microwave .	But for some reason it the microwave would n't start .	It was Max 's worst nightmare , the microwave was broken .
2	Then everyone went for a swim before eating .	Anna was having a picnic on the beach .	She laid out the chips and snacks on the blanket .	But when they returned , all of their food was gone .	Seagulls had stolen everything !
0	Lucy wanted a sweet treat .	Her grandma suggested they make cookies .	Lucy was excited because she loved cooking with grandma .	The cookies were great .	The time spent with grandma was better .
4	I looked down to see that I had deeply cut my finger .	I went into the kitchen to cook dinner .	I put vegetables and a knife on the counter .	I began to cut into the vegetables with the knife .	I felt a sharp pain and saw a dark red liquid .
2	Roy had the ball and took a very long shot .	Roy was playing basketball with his friends in the park .	The game was very close and almost over .	The ball flew through the air towards the hoop .	The ball hit the rim and bounced out of bounds to end the game .
3	The doctor said the diabetes has made him blind !	Yesterday I took my dog to the vet for a checkup .	He developed diabetes a few months ago .	Recently , I noticed that he bumped into walls .	I am really sad that my loyal companion has lost his sight .
3	He quickly pulled into a side street to avoid being hit .	Pat was driving to work on a foggy Monday morning .	There was a lot of honking coming from a car behind him .	Pat checked in his mirrors and saw a person speeding towards him .	The car that was honking sped past and continued honking .
4	Stu rode his bike to visit them at the cemetery regularly .	People shook their heads because Stu would n't buy a car .	Each day , Stu pedaled a bike ten miles to and from work .	While his peers suffered health woes , Stu was as fit as a teen .	When Stu retired , many of his buddies were already dead .
1	The store had the brand , but they did n't have her shade .	Amy was at the store to purchase makeup from a commercial .	Amy asked if there were other shades that were out of stock .	The lady told Amy the shades they had were the only ones .	Amy was upset they did n't make a shade in her color .
3	He got slightly lost on numerous back roads .	Jaime was on his way home from work .	The highway he usually took was closed .	Jaime decided to take the long way home .	Jaime finally arrived home two hours later .
3	She stopped in her tracks and dropped her head .	Gina was just arriving home from school .	It was a 3 day weekend .	She saw her parents putting suitcases into the trunk .	She knew this meant they were driving out of town .
2	Sally 's husband was having back pain .	The trash can in Sally 's house was full .	Sally nagged her husband to take it out .	He refused to take out the trash .	Sally took out the trash herself .
4	Carol could not believe anyone would bring such a dish .	Carol likes food .	She does not like rice or celery though .	One day her work had a potluck .	Someone brought rice with celery in it .
0	Lorraine noticed that her doll was not wearing shoes .	She asked her mama to help her put shoes on her doll .	Her mama took the doll to put the shoes on it as Lorraine had asked .	She gave the doll back to Lorraine after putting its shoes on .	Lorraine thanked her mama for the help .
4	Her fingernails looked beautiful for the rest of the week .	Sheila took a day off to go to the spa .	She wanted a pedicure and manicure .	She chose red for the color .	The spa workers gave her a great manicure .
1	One day , my dad invited me to play golf with him .	I always thought golf was for old people .	I reluctantly accepted his invitation .	On the golf range I saw lots of people my age .	I realized golf was a sport for everyone to enjoy regardless of age .
2	She walked the hose to her plants and turned on the water .	Sue had to water her garden .	She took the hose out of the shed and hooked it up .	The hose did not reach the plants .	She had to fill up a watering can to water those flowers .
4	When I tried one , I loved them !	I never used to care much for wings .	My fiance took me out to a sports bar .	We ordered burgers .	She also ordered honey barbecue wings .
2	Ian loved animals so he stopped and tried to get the dog to come .	Ian was driving home from college one day .	On the way home he saw a stray dog .	The dog was docile and got in the car .	Ian took the animal to a shelter where it was taken care of .
3	When the ticket was drawn , she saw it was the same number as hers .	Wendy bought a ticket for her town 's annual raffle .	She did not expect to win .	Still , she hoped !	Wendy was thrilled that she had won the raffle !
3	And it reflected lots of sunlight .	It was summer time .	And Bob 's house was very hot inside .	He decided to paint his roof with a special white paint .	Bob was happy that his house was cooler indoors .
2	Yet when she went to the garden she saw they were chipped .	Caroline recently got her nails done .	They were the prettiest pink and very much perfect .	Carolina let out a sigh .	She was going to have to paint her nails over again .
4	Carl was told he lost weight .	Carl was told he was fat last summer .	It motivated him to work out .	He worked out for a year .	He saw that same person .
1	His pencil broke in half .	Brad was taking a test .	Brad started to cry .	His teacher said not to worry .	She gave him a pencil to finish the test .
1	We left early in the morning taking a bus to the city .	The scouts were planning a trip to see the Statue of Liberty .	We arrived at the statue and spent several hours exploring .	After the tour , we stopped for pizza and took a long bus ride home .	We returned late at night thoroughly exhausted .
1	One day I tried to throw a lighted firecracker out the window .	We played with firecrackers when we were young .	I threw it wrong and it fell into the window sill .	Luckily , the firecracker was a dud .	I was much more careful after that incident .
2	She passed out and her friends were concerned .	Cindy wanted to drink with her friends .	She drink way too much and felt terrible .	They called 911 and an ambulance picked her up .	She had gotten alcohol poisoning from too much liquor .
4	The plant died .	Beth wanted to liven up her apartment .	So she bought a new plant .	She watered it every day .	However she watered it too much .
4	I walked across the clean fluffy carpets in my home .	I noticed that my carpet was starting to crunch under my feet .	I decided that it was time to clean it .	I got my steam cleaner and got it ready .	I spent the day cleaning the carpets .
4	He found a real gold necklace !	Shay was using his metal detector on the beach .	He had found lots of pop caps and nickels .	Then his tool beeped very loudly .	Shay dug up the spot it indicated .
0	Johnny was partying with his friends .	He had been drinking all night .	He decided to take a taxi home instead of driving .	When he got home he paid the taxi driver $ 20 .	Johnny was proud that he did the right thing .
3	Her service of the public sustained her .	Lita worked as a public defender .	It was a very low-paying position .	Her law school debts weighed heavy on her mind .	Despite her debts , Lita was content .
3	She apologized for yelling at her sister while angry .	Gina and her sister Jenny were arguing .	Jenn was in the wrong , so she apologized .	Gina instantly calmed down .	Her mother stood on proud at the girls for being so mature .
1	She asked her husband to build her shoe racks .	Cathy has over 100 pairs of shoes .	She came home from work one day and found a surprise .	Her closet had been transformed .	Her husband had built her the ultimate shoe closet .
2	He called the cable guy , and they said they had shut off his cable .	Ricardo bought a new flat screen tv .	He plugged it up , but nothing happened .	Ricardo realized he had spent all his money on the tv .	Now he has a tv but ca n't watch anything on it .
2	At the restaurant , they were having a buffalo wing eating contest .	James ' favorite food is hot wings .	On payday he went to Buffalo Wings Restaurant .	James signed up and ate one hundred wings .	He won a gift certificate for a free twenty piece hot wings .
4	I realized I should place the logs more carefully .	I was cold .	I decided to use the fireplace .	I did n't bother placing the logs safely .	One of the logs split and fell out of the fireplace .
0	Elizabeth moved into a new house .	She decided to paint the house .	She picked out a good color and got to work .	When all was said and done , she stood back to admire the house .	It looked even more beautiful to her because she had done it herself .
1	She demanded an explanation from him .	Tom broke his mother 's vase .	Tom claimed that a dragon did it .	She looked him deep in the eye .	Tom apologized for lying about the vase .
4	She was surprised and pleased when stopped for a photo with her .	Amy and her sister went to a club in LA while Amy was on vacation .	They stood in line waiting to enter the club an hour .	When they were at the front of the line a Lamborghini pulled up .	Amy yelled `` Kanye '' as he stepped out .
1	Steve 's friend arranged a blind date for him with a girl named Cheryl .	Steve felt his romantic life was dull , so he wanted to meet someone .	Steve and Cheryl found they had many things in common .	They began to frequently go on dates and fell in love over time .	Eventually Steve and Cheryl got married , and lived happy lives .
0	Yandy had no experience , but wanted to start a record label .	She took two artists under her wing .	The artists argued continually and had a power struggle .	Yandy tried to delegate and get to the music , to no avail .	She got so frustrated , she quit her label .
1	He did n't quite know how to use it .	Clyde decided to buy a smartphone .	He talked to his grandchildren about it .	They helped him figure it all out .	He now loves his smart phone !
3	She was so grateful she forgot all about the pearls .	Greg wanted to buy his wife a pair of pearl earrings .	He lost his job a few weeks before their anniversary .	So , instead , he cooked her , her favorite meal and gave her a massage .	They were closer than ever before .
1	Elections were approaching so I got a voter registration form from .	On my eighteenth birthday I was excited to have become voting age .	I filled it out at the DMV .	Shortly after I received my voter registration card .	I presented it when I cast my ballot on election day .
3	Finally , Sam was ready to leave the lot .	Sam bought a new motorcycle .	He tried to leave the car dealership , but he did n't know how to drive .	The salesman had to show him the throttle , steering , etc .	He pulled out and promptly fell into a ditch .
3	Kylie and Josiah put their change together and bought some carrots .	Kylie and Josiah took a trip to the zoo on Saturday .	They saw people standing on a platform feeding carrots to a giraffe .	They wanted to feed carrots to the giraffe too .	They took turns feeding the giraffe carrots from the platform .
2	She asked her teacher but the teacher did not do anything .	Jennifer was getting bullied in school .	She tried to fight back but they always beat her .	Finally , she got the principal involved .	The principal scared the other kids so they would n't bully her .
3	One Fall day before closing , Joanne said he could fill it in .	Joanne 's family rarely used the swimming pool anymore .	She got tired of closing it and opening it every year .	Her husband never really like the pool .	He filled it with dirt and no one misses it .
1	Amy had a crush on Ray and was excited to go out with him .	Amy was invited on a group outing by Ray .	Amy did n't know any of Ray 's other friends .	She worried she would n't have anyone to talk to other than Ray .	She was elated when her friend Beth agreed to come along .
2	He got into the car with the examiner .	Bill was really nervous the morning of his driving test .	He wanted to get his licence so badly !	She told him what she wanted him to do .	He did n't make any mistakes so he left with his driver 's license .
4	Carson quickly started soaking the shirt before the blood could set .	Carson put on his favorite white dress shirt .	He saw some red spots on the pocket .	Carson looked in the mirror and saw blood pouring from his nose .	He grabbed for some kleenex .
2	I was afraid it would last long .	I was in a blackout last week .	It was a little scary because of how cold it was .	I would have to go somewhere warmer .	Luckily it was only a couple of hours and I just needed a blanket .
3	His initial tests were last week .	Quentin is a senior engineering student .	He recently tried building his own robot .	Quentin spent months on the project , working on and off .	Unfortunately , he still has a lot of work to do .
1	Heisenberg would cook Chinese food often .	Heisenberg loved to cook .	One night , Heisenberg 's friend Jesse tried his food .	Jesse suggested that Heisenberg sell his food at a market .	Heisenberg made lots of money selling his Chinese food .
4	Chicken soup and hot tea made her well !	Sue had a cold and needed to get well fast .	She did n't want to go to work sick !	She tried pills and syrups , but nothing worked .	Then she stumbled upon the real cure .
1	But he had not been able to find it !	Neil had tried to see the Loch Ness Monster on his trip to Scotland .	Sadly , he asked locals about it .	To his surprise , they laughed !	They said they did not believe in the monster at all !
4	There were so many it took him all day !	Steve hated doing laundry .	His clean clothes pile was getting very low .	Finally , he was down to his last clean shirt .	He decided it was finally time to wash his clothes .
0	Today at work I was thinking about a bonfire .	When I got home my husband approached me and hugged me .	He told me that he 's been thinking about a bonfire all day .	We went to the store to get smore supplies .	When we got home we made a bonfire and made smores .
1	He tried to be a big boy .	Roy was afraid of the dentist .	He went to the appointment without protesting .	To his surprise , the dentist was very nice !	She calmed all of Roy 's fears !
1	He noticed a small young kitten in the grass .	One day Henry was walking towards his mailbox .	Henry picked up the cat and noticed it had no tag .	He asked his neighbors if they knew the cat .	Nobody recognized it , so he adopted it himself .
1	She was ready to leave after an hour of pretending to get along .	Gina was at her dad 's mom 's house with her cousins .	A car pulled into the driveway .	Gina worried it would be someone else she did n't like .	To her delight her sister stepped out of the car .
4	Miles is happy now that his room is a little less dark .	Miles notices that his bedroom is even darker than usual .	He realizes that one of the lights in his room is n't working .	Miles decides to get a replacement light bulb from the local store .	He replaces the bulb in his room .
4	Forty minutes later he ran to pull out his burnt cookies .	Mike wanted to bake cookies for his friends .	He put the oven to 350 F and began to make the dough .	The dough was perfect and he made it into shapes .	Mike forgot to set a timer when he put them in the oven .
3	She had found his hat on a bench .	Jim lost his hat at the train station .	He put up posters of his hat .	After a week , someone called Jim .	She returned it him and he bought her dinner to say thank you .
3	The patron wanted for it to warm up before he tasted again .	The bartender scooped ice into a glass and poured in alcohol .	The patron sipped the drink and said it was too cold .	The bartender took the drink back and removed some ice .	Upon the second taste , he approved of the drink .
2	She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her .	A little boy played with a ball alone .	Someone brought a little girl into the room with him .	However he allowed her to play with the ball as well .	They continued to play until they went home , not alone anymore .
2	Two guys approached him and invited him to smoke with them .	Kevin was at a party .	But he did n't know anyone there .	Kevin tried to smoke but began coughing .	He left and decided to never go to parties again .
2	Ever since the breakup , he had put on over 50 pounds .	John woke up in the morning one day looked in the mirror .	He was extremely unhappy with what he saw .	John made a vow then and there to get into the best shape of his life .	Just over a year later , he won a prestigious fitness competition .
0	Francisco has always dreamed of a vacation in New Orleans .	After Years of planning out his trip , he is ready .	In New Orleans , Francisco samples gumbo and other delicious food .	When his trip is over , he is very sad to leave .	However , he will always have the wonderful memories of New Orleans .
1	A company hired him three months ago to sell online marketing plans .	For Years Charles wanted a job selling technology .	Charles burned out quickly and was demoted to another department .	He made two sales last week , the minimum to keep his position .	But one customer canceled so Charles was fired for not enough sales .
4	She immediately went out and took it for a drive .	Kim wanted a brand new car .	The car she specifically wanted was an escalade .	Her boyfriend promised he would buy her one for her birthday .	When she received it she was thrilled .
1	But someone had awoken since they left .	Amy , Kim , and Lynn needed to sneak back into Lynn 's house	Lynn stood on a rock and peered into a window .	In the kitchen she could see Lynn 's dad in the refrigerator .	She knew he was n't ' going back to sleep anytime soon .
3	Finally she graduated .	Jamie loved working with children .	A friend recommended she become a teacher .	She studied very hard at school .	Now Jamie teaches children every day .
2	He burned the turkey and dropped the stuffing on the floor .	Jim really wanted to make his girlfriend happy on Valentine 's Day .	Even though he did n't know how , he promised to make her dinner .	Jim 's girlfriend thanked him for trying to make her happy .	They went to a nice restaurant instead and had a great time .
0	Pete 's teacher said the kids could bring their pets to class .	Pete 's pals talked about bringing dogs and cats and rabbits .	Pete felt left out because he only had pet fish .	Before school , Pete scooped his fish from the tank .	When he showed the fish , they were floating in a small bowl .
3	She finally went out and got a new one .	Kelly was excited to get a new iPod .	She was in desperate need of one .	Her old one died out .	She ended up loving it .
4	He sold it online for less than he paid for it .	John loved the outdoors .	He decided to buy a tent despite never having been camping .	He kept the tent for three years .	He never used it .
4	Luckily , she found it soon enough .	Julia was at a swimming pool .	She had been swimming all afternoon .	Suddenly she realized that her necklace was gone .	She dove underwater and searched the pool .
2	They bought everyone something special .	I always give the kids shopping money .	Last year they both received Twenty dollars to buy holiday presents .	I do it to teach them about giving .	We 'll do it again this year .
0	Oliver was hosting a party for his friends .	He was setting up for it in his house .	He put out a bunch of food and played some music .	Soon his guests started to show up .	Overall , the party went really well .
2	He seen a golden pot .	The man saw a rainbow .	He followed it until he found the end .	He waked up to it .	He found the gold .
2	The video she watched made it look easy to do .	Kay wanted to knit a sweater .	She had no clue how to knit so she looked it up on Youtube .	Kay began to knit but it was n't going very well .	Kay eventually gave up and bought a sweater instead .
0	I was walking home from school .	A guy with worn out clothes was sitting on the ground .	I assumed he was homeless and offered him some money .	He politely declined and told me that he chooses to live this way .	Eventually , I walked away .
4	Her little kitten had jumped up and knocked the bag onto the floor .	Maggie 's kitten loved her treats .	In fact , her kitten has dug her way into the bag for them .	So , Maggie put them up in the highest cupboard .	One day , Maggie came home to kitten treats all over the floor .
3	Janet immediately opened every gift she could get her hands on .	Janet was very excited that it was Christmas so she could open gifts .	She raced downstairs to take a look at the presents under the tree .	To her delight , there were a dozen gifts with her name on them .	She was thrilled that she got everything she asked for the holidays .
0	Yesterday , I decided to go with my friends to the gym .	My friends and I arrived at the gym at 4 o'clock .	I kept my keys and my cellphone in my pockets .	I was n't paying attention to my phone as it fell out of my pocket .	After my workout , I realized that my cell phone screen cracked .
1	She was yelling at kids as they walked by .	Gina was sitting in her room by the window .	Her mother came out and stood on the sidewalk looking up at her .	Gina knew she was in trouble .	Her mother made her close the window and grounded her .
2	I decided to inspect my work .	I decided to clean my windows .	After a few hours , I finished !	Alas , I had created streaks on some windows .	I decided to hire someone to redo the cleaning .
1	Tim and his friends would race each other on foot to retrieve a car .	Tim worked as a valet .	They would run very fast .	They would drive the cars fast as well .	They had fun on the job .
2	He works out with the coach for a month .	Matt wanted to get in shape	He decided to pay for a coach .	He ended up losing 20 pounds .	He was happy with it
2	He picked up his schedule from a lady at the front desk .	William went to his school to pick up his class schedule .	He walked into the front office .	While leaving the office , William closed his finger between the doors .	He yelped in pain , then left the school and treated his injury .
0	Paul tried to look at my project .	He was moving pieces and putting them in other places .	He tried pulling off the tower .	As soon as the tower came off , the whole project fell .	I ended up getting an F for my work .
1	She wanted to bring a pie .	Frannie was invited to Thanksgiving dinner .	She spent all day baking one .	Then , she brought the pie to dinner .	Everyone loved it .
3	Finally , she spotted the yellow school bus rounding the corner .	Maribel checked outside for the fifth time .	She looked up and down the street frantically .	She checked her watch and saw that it was pretty late .	The bus driver apologized citing traffic for the delay .
1	It was baking well until someone slammed a door in the house .	Tara tried to make a cake .	Unfortunately , the force of it made the cake collapse .	Tara lost her temper and threw the cake in the trash .	This waste made her realize she needs to control her temper better .
0	Olena was in the waiting room for her checkup .	An old man came in and sat close to her .	He tried to touch her and asked if they can go out .	She immediately called security .	The guard escorted the man to another place .
4	Tom was caught for fraud and sent to jail .	Tom was a man who worked as a CEO at a large company .	Unfortunately , Tom 's car broke down , and he had many bills to pay .	In a panic , Tom decided to steal $ 50,000 from his employer .	Things were fine until one day the company was audited .
4	Tina sued her employer .	Tina was being bullied at her job .	She reported it to her supervisor .	Her supervisor did not believe her .	Tina hired a lawyer .
3	Eventually , he found an idea he liked and waited for her to arrive .	Jed got a phone call from a woman enquiring about a gown .	Jed listened to the woman and wrote down her design ideas .	He spent a full week working hard on the dress , trying a few ideas .	When she showed up , she hated the gown and left Jed 's store .
0	Erica took her clothes to the laundry cleaners .	She placed her clothes in the washer .	She left the store and grabbed lunch .	Afterwards she came back to check her clothes .	Her clothes were stained pink because she forgot to separate colors .
0	Brad and Art had a baseball and wanted to play .	But neither boy had a bat !	Lacking funds , they cast about for a solution .	Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead .	The branch worked just as well as a real bat !
0	Tiffany was proposed to by her boyfriend .	She got a very nice ring and was happy .	She began to show it to all her friends after she got it .	Later she got it checked and the diamond was fake .	Tiffany called her boyfriend and broke up with him .
1	One night , they all heard scurrying noises .	Kim was on a houseboat with her family .	Slowly , they woke up and noticed a rat on the ground .	Some people chased it around until they could catch it .	Finally they caught it and put it outside .
4	He watched movies all night on his brand new TV .	Jake wanted to go on a shopping spree .	He had just gotten his tax returns .	He decided to go to his local electronics store .	He bought a huge 60 inch TV and some speakers .
2	He researched procedures for deployments .	Jim was disappointed to learn he had orders to an undesirable country .	Jim 's family could n't go with him and he would miss them terribly .	The rules for deployment required a minimum time in position .	Jim had been in his position too short a time so he was able to stay .
0	William has a macbook .	It started messing up for him .	He went to the apple store .	They could not fix it for him .	He had to buy a new one .
3	I did not want to come to physical therapy , but soon I changed .	After I broke my leg , the doctor prescribed me physical therapy .	Every day of the week , for 8 weeks I spent three hours at the clinic .	In the beginning I thought the therapist was just causing me pain .	I realized that pain was just part of the healing process .
4	The gym instructor told him to run .	Burt decided he needed to lose some weight .	He could n't figure out if running or swimming was better .	He decided to ask someone knowledgeable .	He joined the gym .
0	The 8th grade class wanted to let the church know about a fundraiser .	The students did not want to talk in front of a lot of people .	It was decided that one of the parents needed to speak .	They asked me to speak and I do n't like to speak in groups .	I practiced my speech and when giving it I spoke too fast and quietly .
3	Julie went home and saw in the mirror how red she was .	Julie wanted to go to the beach .	She packed up everything and drove there .	After a few hours , she had a feeling that she had forgotten something .	She now keeps always keeps sunscreen in her beach bag .
0	I took my kid out to see some shooting stars .	The area had few lights , so we expected to see a show .	Instead , only a few meteorites flashed per hour .	As we decided to leave , a huge meteorite lit the entire night .	From that point on , we always make an effort to watch them .
2	I asked him to teach me his secret .	My trumpet teacher was amazing .	He could play any rhythm you put in front of him .	He told me that he thought up words to go with the rhythms .	All of his examples were really funny !
0	The deal seemed too good to be true .	He was buying the Brooklyn Bridge .	Was this official selling to him actually a con artist ?	The official made an allusion to needing a bribe .	As he passed the envelope he knew the deal was legitimate .
3	Theater management came to see why she was screaming .	Marie went to a movie at a movie theater .	Marie felt something scurry over her feet .	Marie picked up her feet and started to scream .	Theater management asked Maria to leave .
1	I have about six shows I love to watch .	I love watching television .	I tried watching all of them at once .	That did not work out well and I got sick .	Now , I only watch one at a time .
4	Dave politely turned her down .	Sally worked at a busy office .	She had a crush on her manager , Dave .	Dave was happily married .	One day Sally made a romantic advance on Dave .
0	A young boy named John joined the military .	He thought he was defending his land .	In his years fighting he became a man .	When he finally left the military he was n't the same .	John saw nothing worth saving in his home anymore and ended his life .
2	The cashier caught his attention and showed him around the store .	Ben decided to visit the pet store .	He spent most of his time searching for a pair of goldfish .	He even persuaded Ben to purchase a hamster .	At the end of the day , Ben took home the hamster and a few supplies .
1	He was inside of a smoothie shop inquiring about a position .	Sean was looking for a job .	The manager interviewed him and it went well .	He had one issue , Sean 's red hair , identical to the uniform .	Sean promised that he would change his hair color and was hired .
1	When he got back he noticed a scratch on his door .	Harry parked his truck near the park .	He took his car to get it fixed .	His mechanic buffed out the scratch .	Harry paid his mechanic $ 100 for his work .
3	He walked over to the beach and waited .	Ross was on a trip to the beach .	It was still early morning but he could n't sleep .	He decided he should get up to see the sunrise .	The sunrise was bright and beautiful on the shore .
0	It started raining this morning .	I spent some time making coffee and sitting down .	Opening the curtains , I saw the pretty rain .	It rained all morning .	Now I do n't need to water my garden !
0	Clara had wanted a puppy all her life .	Her birthday came around and she finally was going to pick one .	When she saw the little , one little boy seemed extra happy .	She scratched his head , looked in his eyes , and picked him to be hers .	Clara finally took her puppy home and was super happy .
1	She was looking forward to in very much .	Brittany was excited for her upcoming high school prom .	John was her date .	They met at Brittany 's house before the prom .	John surprised Brittany with a carnation and it made her very happy .
2	He was n't paying attention , and hit a rock .	Kyle was sure he did not need to wear a helmet when he rode his bike .	One day , he was riding his bike to a friend 's house .	He fell off his bike and got a big bump on his head .	He never forgot to wear a helmet again .
3	When Carrie woke up , she tried to brace for disappointment .	Carrie had met a cute guy at the bar .	She had given him her phone number when he asked .	He promised to text her the next morning .	But there , on her phone , was her promised text !
1	He went to see his favorite band .	Billy likes live shows .	The line was long outside .	The band was really worth it .	Billy could n't wait to see them again .
3	When she confronted her about it , Madison defined everything .	Kelly was very mad at Madison and refused to talk to her .	Kelly was mad that Madison stole her boyfriend .	She decided to confront her about it .	Therefore Kelly decided to dump her as a friend .
3	He ended up leaving too .	Peter and Jake were eating pizza .	Peter left without paying .	Jake did not know what to do .	Nobody caught them .
1	She hoped to cure the girl of her fear .	Gina 's grandma was not happy that Gina was scared of dogs .	She sent the girl to feed the dogs .	She hoped Gina would discover there was nothing to fear .	Instead the child was more scared when she finished than before .
4	Rachel provided her credit card info and had her identity stolen .	Rachel 's computer was acting weird .	Her internet browser would not close .	It stayed open on one specific screen .	The screen informed her she needed to pay a fine .
2	Joey thought he was going to miss Christmas dinner .	Joey accidentally drove his truck off the road Christmas morning .	He could n't free his truck from the mud .	He finally made his way out of the ditch after 20 minutes .	Joey made it home in time for Christmas dinner .
2	At the final game of the season , the coach let Jimmy play .	Jimmy had never scored a goal on his soccer team .	The season would end soon and he knew he wanted to score .	Jimmy scored his first goal !	Jimmy was so happy that he had scored before the season ended .
1	He was n't allowed to leave his room .	Rob was grounded for a week .	His parents went out to dinner one night .	Alex went to the living room and played Nintendo for hours .	When he saw their headlights he ran to his room and feigned sleep .
0	Jimmy was called for a job interview .	Jimmy dressed up in his best clothes .	Jimmy did a wonderful job at the interview .	Jimmy got the job !	Jimmy was happy and secure with his new job .
1	She asked him if he had any homework to do .	Christian came home from school and saw his mother at the table .	Christian told his mother he had a ton of homework to do for class .	Christian went upstairs , sat at his desk , and worked on his homework .	Christian turned his homework into the teacher the next day .
0	Rosetta gave us an homework assignment yesterday .	She discovered today no one did the work .	She asked every student in the class what happened ?	None of the students had acceptable answers .	Rosetta gathered her things , looked us in the eyes and said Bye !
0	Jenny was crying when she came home from school today .	Her brother Jamie asked her why she was crying .	Jenny said she left her textbook at school .	Jamie called the school and found it to be open .	Jamie ran to the school and retrieved her textbook .
3	He changed the dollar for a long time .	Phil walked to the bank to make a deposit .	A strong gust of wind caught him by surprise .	A dollar flew out of Phil 's grasp and into the wind .	The wind was too strong and the dollar floated away .
4	They got married and we do n't talk as much .	I had many friends growing up .	One friend was the closest , we talked all the time .	We spent the majority of our childhood together .	One day he got a girlfriend and focused on her .
4	The bell rang just as Tim got to the classroom .	Tim was rushing to get to class .	He had missed the bus on the way to school .	His mom dropped him off .	Tim ran towards his 1st period class .
0	Anthony watches a lot of movies about computers .	He wished he could impress a venture capitalist to invest in him .	After college he designed a website .	People were allowed to warn people about other people on this site .	A venture capitalist saw the site and offer Anthony one million .
3	No one would help me so I brought a gun and shot Abraham dead .	Abraham used to bully every day until I stopped him .	He followed me to and from school every day .	He would pick fights with me at lunchtime every day .	Now I am labeled a murderer but I call it self defense .
1	She was shopping when she started to feel contractions .	Miranda was pregnant .	She went to the hospital and they put her on a monitor .	For a while they were worried that she was in labor early .	Luckily , things died down and she was okay .
2	She had to give her mom bad news .	Gina decided to walk home from school .	She needed to be alone to think .	Her teacher took her $ 400 cell phone from her .	Gina knew she was in deep trouble .
3	She ended up buying a new toy to lure him out .	Ashton got a new pet hamster .	The hamster is very shy and timid .	She tries to play with him but he does n't want to leave the cage .	The hamster came out of the cage to play with the toy .
4	Ella ran to her mom crying , but Mom already had Teddy waiting .	Every Tuesday Ella goes to the park with her teddy bear .	She took teddy down the slides , on the swings , and in the sand box .	Ella heard her mom calling that it was time to go home .	She looked around and could not find Teddy .
1	She took it to a dealer and he told her it was an antique .	Many found a gun in the attic .	She decided she would get it restored .	After it was restored she put it in a box and wrapped it .	She gave it to her dad for his birthday and he was happy .
2	His second call was an armed suspect running from the police .	It 's was Dan 's first day on the job .	He had wanted to be a cop his entire life .	They were close and decided to pursue the criminal .	Eventually Dan caught up to him and arrested him .
3	The Huertas will never think of Christmas the same again .	Christmas used to be a joyous day for the Huerta family .	Every year they would celebrate with the family in a beach house .	Unfortunately Tia Vicki died this Christmas .	They do n't return to the beach house ever again .
0	Jim loaned a book to a friend .	His friend spilled juice on it .	Jim was angry at his friend .	Jim 's friend bought him a new book .	Jim was grateful to have a good friend .
1	He was now almost 70 and had a huge collection .	Ivan started collecting matchbooks when he was 18 .	His grandchildren always wanted to look at them when they visited .	He would sit with them on the sofa as they examined them .	He had a story to tell about each and every one .
3	She yelled for her sister to be quiet while she was on the phone .	Sam was talking to her best friend on the phone .	Her little sister was being loud in the next room .	Sam was irritated at her sister .	Sam 's little sister just yelled louder .
3	Three men surrounded me and asked for money .	I was in the mood for a walk .	I walked to the local park .	I was on the sidewalk when I was suddenly alerted .	I ran as fast as I could and escaped them .
0	David and Saul awoke early one morning .	The gathered their gear and made their way to the small boat .	The boat set sail and carried them far out into the sea .	When they arrived at the site the men began to fish .	They returned home that night with the largest fish ever caught .
1	He could n't sleep the day before .	Ben was very excited about christmas .	Suddenly , at 2 am , he heard noises .	He got up to see if there were gifts .	He found the gifts .
3	She tried to break up the fight and they fell on her .	My sister in law broke her ankle one year .	She had a bipolar husband .	One day her husband got into a fight with her son .	She ended up divorcing her husband .
1	I get very tired of deciding what to make for dinner .	I am a stay at home mom .	I run out of ideas all the time .	One day I was running errands and came home to my husband home early .	He had made dinner !
3	Steven worked his way up to advanced classes with seasoned performers .	Steven wanted to be an improv comic .	He found a local theater that offered classes .	Steven took beginners classes and improved his skills .	Steven performed live on stage with the theater 's improv troupe .
1	Every year grandma would knit her a new sweater .	It was Christmastime and Lucy always got a sweater from Grandma .	This holiday was no exception .	When Lucy opened up her present it was the sweater .	Lucy was disappointed but still wrote a thank you note .
3	They lost almost everything , but found the plastic case undamaged .	Jessica and Brian had a pet tarantula .	They kept it in a small plastic case in the living room .	One day , they woke to find their house on fire .	The tarantula was nowhere to be found after the fire .
0	Monica lost her cat last week .	She had been looking for it all over the neighborhood .	One of her neighbors fed stray cats .	When she asked her neighbor , she found out that her cat was there !	Now she knows where to go it her cat is missing .
1	He often did dangerous and illegal things .	John always bragged to his friends about doing reckless things .	Today he decided to steal a coat from a department store .	As he walked out with the coat however , a guard stopped him .	John got arrested , and he learned not to do illegal things anymore .
0	Last night , I went to the Michigan versus Texas college football game .	Texas was leading the entire 4th quarter .	In the final seconds , Michigan 's quarterback threw a huge pass .	With two seconds left , Michigan missed the game-winning field goal .	Texas won the football game .
2	She felt sad and stopped visiting regularly .	When Ann 's favorite uncle went to a nursing home , she visited weekly .	One day , Ann 's uncle did n't recognize her .	Then Ann got a call from the nursing home .	A woman said her uncle kept asking to see his little darling .
0	Alex 's mom was going out of town .	She was leaving him with his dad .	Dad and Alex helped mom put her things in the car .	They drove mom to the airport .	Mom gave Alex a big hug and disappeared behind the large sliding door .
4	Her grandson ate the soup heartily and felt better .	Sue was at her daughter 's house .	Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick .	Sue was more than happy to help get her grandson well again .	She bought a chicken and made a soup .
2	Daina went first .	Our teacher gave us a class assignment .	We were all supposed to confess one secret we have .	She told everyone that she ran over a deer .	After that , everyone remained silent .
0	My little dog , Pippin , was n't afraid of anything in our neighborhood .	He chased cars up the street on a regular basis .	The neighbors big dogs could n't come close to our yard at all .	I took him to my Mom 's house for a visit last Thanksgiving .	That silly dog was afraid of the leaves that had fallen off the tree !
2	Could they be yellow as well , her daughter asked ?	Jane asked her mother about the color of the ruby on her ring .	Jane 's mother told her daughter that ruby 's can be different colors .	Jane 's mother , not knowing for sure , still told her yes .	Her daughter was quite inquisitive , Jane thought to herself .
0	Ali 's husband took her on a vineyard tour .	They stopped at five different vineyards .	Ali sampled wine at each one .	By the end of the day she 'd bought four different bottles .	Ali had really enjoyed the vineyard tour !
0	I was cutting wood in my garage .	I was using a saw so lots of dust was getting in the air .	I began to cough and my chest hurt .	I decided to put on a mask .	Now , my lungs were safe !
3	Jack and his mother discussed his grade and Jack agreed to get a tutor .	Jack had been struggling with his math homework .	He thought that if he tried hard enough that his grade would improve .	Jack got his report card and his grade was a D .	The tutor worked with Jack all quarter and his grade improved to a B .
0	Rosie was proud to have a solo in her choir 's concert .	But Rosie was getting increasingly nervous as the concert went on .	Finally , when it was time for her solo , Rosie was trembling in fear !	Because of her shaky voice , Rosie feared she had done terribly !	She was relieved when everyone assured her she had sounded good .
4	She became an artist , and she makes a lot of money from it .	The rising wind bent the long grass .	Jenny watched it dance , and was inspired .	She went home and tried to draw what she 'd seen .	It took her Years and Years of practice .
3	May asked the flight attendant did they know each other ?	May owned a house and rented a room to a student name Charles .	Every year , in December , May took a flight to Japan .	This year , on her flight , her flight attendant looked familiar to her .	The flight attendant was Charles ' mother !
1	She had to walk down the street to pick it up .	Sara ordered a pizza on the phone .	Inside , she gave them her order number .	They gave her the pizza and she paid them .	Finally , she left with the pizza .
4	Ann discovered its papa was a Saint Bernard .	Ann brought her kids to the shelter to pick out a puppy .	She told them they needed to pick out a small dog .	They picked a pup from the litter of a tiny poodle .	A year later , the pup was nearly a hundred pounds .
0	Andrew 's landlord let him know the rent was going up next month .	Andrew 's income was n't large enough to handle the increase .	He looked online for more job opportunities .	He could n't find a job that would meet his demands .	Andrew moved back into his parent 's house .
2	She picked it up and carried it home .	Ava was jogging through the park one day .	Then she saw an injured bunny on the side of the trail .	There , she began caring for it and feeding it .	Soon it healed , and Ava released it back into the park .
3	She told her boss she did n't want to take time to move .	Amy 's boss told her he wanted to move her to a new desk .	Amy was upset because she liked her current desk .	She complained for a week leading up to the move .	When Amy arrived the next day her boss had moved her things for her .
4	We ended our trip back in Jersey	My friends and I planned a road trip this weekend .	First we started in Jersey .	The highways and trees were many .	We got to explore many of the country 's natural wonders .
0	Barbara has been married to Joshua for 32 years .	One day she realized that she does n't love him anymore .	On the very next day she puts an advertisement in the paper .	Joshua sees his phone number and address in the advertisement .	Barbara tells him she does n't love him anymore .
2	We did not have po boy restaurants in Boston .	I was a James Lee Burke fan .	His characters always ate po boy sandwiches .	My son located one today and I ate an oyster po boy just now .	I was very pleased !
3	He chose to drive instead .	Larry hated flying .	One day his job required him to fly to another city .	Larry refused .	It took him longer but he felt safer .
1	Today she watched a video about cats and could n't stop laughing .	Sometimes I think my daughter is crazy .	I did n't understand until I watched it too .	I laughed so hard that I 'm sure my husband thinks I 've lost my mind .	Who knew that cats could be so funny ?
0	The tree was blocking the door to the shed .	It made the door very difficult to open .	The tree was old and large and shaded the house and yard .	The homeowner told her friend she would pay to get rid of the tree .	The homeowner came home to find that her friend had cut down the tree .
4	In the end , I did n't get the promotion and my hopes were dashed !	The manager called me into his office this morning .	He informed me I was one of three people who might get a promotion .	I was very excited and knew my work with the company was stellar .	I kept imagining what I would do with a new title and salary !
3	She did not see her anywhere so she went to a guard for help .	Ashley went to the mall with her mother .	She was excited for the trip and looked forward to browsing the shops .	While walking around , she wandered away from her mother .	He called her mother 's ' name over the intercom and they were reunited .
1	She decided to sleep on the couch .	There were few places to sleep at Gina 's grandma 's house .	But the couch was too soft .	Gina tossed and turned , certain she would never fall asleep .	After 5 minutes she was in a deep sleep and snoring .
3	I decided to hire a girl to go on a pretend date with me .	I bet my friend that I could get a girl to go on a date with me .	He agreed to the bet .	Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer .	My friend paid the bet and I split the winnings with the girl !
0	Kim got a job delivering papers .	At first she hated it .	But then she got a coworker named John .	John went to her school , and they became friends .	Soon Kim looked forward to working to see John !
2	He wanted to demonstrate them to me .	Yesterday someone knocked at my door .	It was a person trying to sell knives .	I was obviously uncomfortable letting in a stranger with knives .	He continued to try as I shut the door .
2	Before he brushed his hair , he cleaned out the old hair .	Pat went to brush his hair with his favorite brush .	The brush was full of old hair from previous brushings .	He tossed the old hair into a garbage can .	Pat brushed his hair and cleaned it right afterwards again .
3	They spent most of their formative years in nature .	Ted grew up playing outdoors .	He had a lot of fun exploring nature .	Him and his friends would play in the mud .	Ted grew to love nature passionately as an adult .
4	Both Jason and his girlfriend are happy .	Jason 's girlfriend wants him to grow a beard .	Jason thinks this is a great idea .	Jason stops shaving .	About a month later he notices that he has grown a good beard .
2	So he worked as a dishwasher and saved his money .	Adam wanted a car .	He had just gotten his license , after all !	In a few months he had earned enough for a used car .	Adam was so proud to drive his `` new '' car to school every day !
0	Jim stopped working out for 2 months .	He decided he would start again after Thanksgiving .	Jim ate a lot of unhealthy food during Thanksgiving .	He went to the gym the next Friday to burn off the extra calories .	Jim was so tired at the end of his first of many workouts .
4	Philip knew her sister was allergic to chocolate .	Phillipa baked a cake .	She put on chocolate icing .	She gave it to her sister for her birthday .	Her sister threw it at the wall .
1	He balances his order on his tray and looks for a seat .	Davis stops by a fast food restaurant for a hamburger and a soda .	When he finally sees an open seat , he rushes to sit down .	In his hurry , he spills his soda all over the floor .	Davis feels ashamed to have spilled his soda .
2	After sipping it again , salt was thrown into balance the flavor .	Samantha took a sip from the stew	She figured it needed a bit more pepper and she added it .	Samantha took one last taste and decided that it was ready .	She turned the heat off , poured some into a bowl , and ate .
2	Everyday at school she was bullied .	Sarah had a disorder .	she was n't able to do many things .	One day she went to a counselor .	She told the counselor everything that happened .
3	Knowing a lot about technology , Carolina aced her interview .	Carolina moved to Chicago after college .	She rented a room from a friend and searched for jobs .	After many weeks she had an interview with a tech company .	She was extremely excited to learn she got the job .
0	Gina left the lunchroom to return to the classroom .	She wanted to search Dave 's desk for her pencils .	There was a teacher outside of the lunchroom .	So she decided to wait till she left .	When the teacher turned her back she ran up the stairs unseen .
4	My shopping trip was a success .	I get to go to the mall today .	I love shopping , it 's so fun .	I picked out a green shirt that had stripes .	I will wear it tomorrow .
0	Ben 's friends took him to a sushi restaurant .	They said they wanted to try something daring .	They all ordered octopus tentacles !	Ben thought it looked disgusting .	He just ordered a rice platter !
2	His older brother asked him why he was so sad .	Bob was always happy when his cousins would come for a visit .	He also became very depressed when they left to go home .	Bob said , `` mom never beats me when we have company '' .	Bob 's brother confronted his mom and the abuse stopped .
0	One morning , Wendy woke up with a cold .	Her throat was sore and her head hurt .	She decided to spend the day taking care of herself .	Wendy made herself chicken soup and a healthy fruit smoothie .	The next morning , she felt much better .
2	His mother decided to sing to him .	Evan is a baby .	He will not stop crying .	He loved it .	Finally , he stopped crying .
1	Same got into a fight with another dog .	Andrew had a dog named Sam .	Andrew was forced to surrender the dog to the county .	He had to fight in court to get his dog back .	Fortunately they were reunited after he won the case .
3	They ate and drank as they soared across the sky .	It was Tim and Liz 's fifth wedding anniversary .	Tim surprised Liz with a hot air balloon ride .	They took a picnic lunch and champagne with them .	It was an anniversary they would both remember .
1	As he drove to the station he wondered if he 'd see his friends again .	Charles had packed everything and was saying his goodbyes .	He took the train and got settled in his new home .	Three days later he received a phone call from his friend Steve .	Steve was coming to visit so he would see them again !
4	Kelsi was sure not to leave a nice tip .	Kelsi wanted a quick meal at the new restaurant yesterday .	She went and took a table .	Unfortunately the waitstaff was terrible .	The staff were not friendly .
1	Her team decided they did n't like the way he managed them .	It was the 2nd Christmas with Amy 's new boss .	When Amy asked the team for money on his gift most people declined .	Only 2 people were interested so they decided not to give him a gift .	Amy regretted her decision when he gave everyone thoughtful gifts .
1	He wanted to swim but his mom was busy .	Caleb was bored one afternoon .	He decided to swim without her .	He was in the pool when she noticed him .	She yelled for him to get out and told him that was n't safe .
3	After a week his feet were killing him .	Tim was shoe shopping .	He saw a spiffy pair of red shoes .	He bought them quickly .	After that he always took his time when buying shoes .
3	Eventually he accumulated a lot of debt because of it .	My uncle was addicted to the dog races .	He would go twice a month or more .	He lost a lot of money there .	He took his own life to escape it .
3	The whole house smelled like smoke .	I ran to the kitchen because I smelled something funny .	When I opened the oven , I almost burnt my hand .	The turkey was on fire !	Thanksgiving was ruined .
3	He ate as neatly as possible .	Tim was at a fancy dinner .	He was nervous .	He did n't want to do anything embarrassing .	When it was over , everyone said he did fine .
3	He sang what he remembered to the song to himself to hear it again .	While driving home Mitch heard an amazing song on the radio .	The signal was fading so he turned around to listen more .	It seemed no direction had any better reception .	That was the only time he ever heard the song .
3	I asked my sister how she makes her pancakes .	For many years I have loved to eat pancakes .	The problem is , I could not cook a pancake without burning it .	Everyone would tell me how much they loved my sisters pancakes .	I now use my sisters methods and my pancakes are perfect !
0	I bought a new phone for my daughter .	She was impressed by the new technology she was n't familiar with .	She decided she likes playing games more than texting her friends .	I told her that she still had a nine-o'clock curfew .	And I told her the curfew applied to games as well as people .
4	She came upstairs and opened the door for him .	Instead of a doorbell , Tammy bought a large gong .	When her friend Tim came over , he banged on the gong .	Tammy heard the gong even though she was in the basement .	Tim banged the gong a few more times for fun .
3	Lisa was happy and went and bought candy with it .	Lisa lost her tooth yesterday .	She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something .	She got a dollar from the tooth fairy .	She could n't wait to lose more .
3	So much melted so fast that the basement flooded !	Marcy was so glad spring was coming .	It had snowed so heavily that winter .	Marcy saw the snow was finally melting .	Marcy had to spend hours cleaning up her basement .
3	Julie spent days preparing for the interview , but was still nervous .	Julie was extremely nervous .	She was a college senior , approaching her graduation date .	She was recently invited to interview for the job of her dreams .	However , she ended up acing her interview and getting the job .
2	He put traps out in response .	John had a mouse in his home .	It had been coming up from behind his sink .	He never caught anything , though .	He 's still looking for it to this day .
3	Sam started crying .	Stan went to a friend 's house .	Stan likes the friend , Sam , and wanted to get to know her better .	After an hour , Sam 's mother started yelling at her .	Stan tried to comfort her .
3	The men gave chase .	Gina 's whole family was at the park .	Kids had been throwing rocks and hit a car .	When the adults arrived , the kids ran .	The kids ducked into the nearby woods before they were caught .
4	Carol loved swimming ever since that day	carol loved to go fishing with her grandfather	One day when they were fishing carol fell in the lake	Her grandfather told her to stay calm and breather	Carol did so and ended up learning how to swim
0	Isabel has a class presentation tomorrow .	She tried to study hard and practice with friends .	She could n't even sleep that night because of it .	The next day comes and she gets picked to go first .	She ended up doing very well .
4	He then watched his favorite show .	Damian was watching tv .	He could n't decide what to watch .	He kept flipping through the channels ,	He ended up turning on netflix .
3	He raked the leaves .	Tom was a homeowner .	Fall had arrived and many leaves were in his yard .	He prepared the rake and bags .	He put the leaves in bags and cleared his lawn .
3	Marc went up and told Santa what he wished for Christmas .	Yesterday little Marc went to meet Santa for the first time .	He was a bit nervous to go up and talk to Santa .	When it was his turn , Santa smiled at him and waved .	Santa was so nice that Marc realized he did n't have to be nervous !
3	I decided to buy some broth .	I was feeling very hungry .	I decided to make some soup .	But , I did not have broth in my pantry .	Now , I could make soup !
2	During the first week , the rain flooded the basement .	Ruth is afraid of thunder .	For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily .	The following week the thunder shook the house .	Ruth decided to stay in a bomb shelter until the storm passed .
3	Maria had to rest at home by order of her boss .	Maria had a cold , but did n't want to admit it .	She went to work despite being sick .	Her boss noticed she was sick and sent her home .	Since she rested , she was able to recover faster .
2	One day they decided to prank him back .	Chuck was the funniest kid in his school .	He spent all his spare time pranking his classmates and teachers .	The next day Chuck arrived to an empty building with a note attached .	Classes cancelled , sorry Charlie !
3	When she got there they pieced them .	Kelly really wanted her ears pierced .	She never had them done before .	She drove to the parlor to get them done .	To her surprise it did not hurt .
0	Tim was hungry so he looked around for food .	He could n't find anything , so he decided to order a pizza .	After calling , he had to wait a while , so he relaxed .	When the pizza arrived , the delivery guy accidentally dropped it .	Tim had to wait an extra half an hour for a new pizza to arrive .
0	Katrina was making apple pie .	First she had to peel the apples .	She washed them .	Then , she peeled them .	She did this until they were all peeled .
3	Suddenly , Chris spilled his coffee all over his pants .	Chris had a crush on Alexa , so he asked her to coffee .	Hew was really nervous when he finally met up with her .	He bought them their coffee and they sat down to chat .	He was very embarrassed .
2	So Nick asked her for some names she liked .	Nick was trying to come up with a name for his dog .	His girlfriend hated every name he came up with .	They put together a list .	Then they chose together .
2	We scooped both dogs up and brought them home .	My mother 's dogs escaped into the yard of her next-door neighbor .	We had to squeeze through a small hole in the fence to get over there .	When we were home , both dogs got a big scolding .	We had to reinforce the fence to keep them from getting out again .
2	He wanted to talk to her but knew he was too shy .	The boy liked to daydream about her .	He did not know her but only saw her at school .	One day he was daydreaming about her while at school .	Suddenly she came right up to him and said hello .
2	He just could n't take it .	Bill was very hungry in class .	However , lunch was an hour away .	He started daydreaming about the food he would eat later .	So much time passed , that it was finally lunch time .
0	It was 4 AM .	Amy , Kim and Lynn had been up all night .	They had an evening full of adventure .	And they were still wide awake .	Amy realized it was probably the adrenaline making them so alert .
4	He decides to wash the dishes every day instead of watching TV .	Fred almost always watches TV after he and his wife cook dinner .	One night Fred decides it would be nice if he washed the dishes .	His wife is overcome with joy that he offers to wash them .	Fred notices that washing the dishes is n't so bad .
1	Minutes earlier Jeanne had completed an online transaction .	Jeanne nervously stared at the door .	This purchase was for seven large pepperoni pizzas .	The crushing weight of anxiety abated when the doorbell rang .	After a few minutes Jeanne gorged himself on pizza .
4	Emily picked her first apple of the tree and enjoyed the sweet taste .	Emily was tired of the poor quality of apples at her local store .	Emily instead bought an apple tree at her local greenhouse .	Emily took the tree home and planted it .	Emily took care of the tree over several months .
3	He made an online purchase of the skis .	Chris wanted to purchase new snow skis .	He researched his options online .	He found many good deals .	He was happy with his purchase .
0	There was a man in the alley named Bill	Bill was intoxicated after a tough day at work .	He insulted a large man with a firearm .	The man shot Bill several times .	Bill passed away after attempted resuscitation by the EMT 's .
0	Andrew needed to get to work but did n't have any money .	He jumped the train , meaning he did n't buy a ticket .	Two officers boarded the train and checked tickets .	Andrew did n't have a ticket and lied about his name .	Now he 's worried about being caught for the lie .
3	I put the sewing kit back where I 'd found it .	I resolved to fix the hole in the seat of my jeans .	I got the sewing kit out of the bathroom .	After a few minutes , I pricked my left index finger .	I threw the jeans in the trash .
3	I checked the screen and it could n't turn on .	Today , I purchased a new smartphone .	On the way home , I kept the phone in my pocket .	When I took the phone out , part of it was bent .	I immediately got furious and called customer support .
1	She sent fliers around to her family and friends .	May wanted to start a book club .	They all agreed to come and read together .	Soon they were meeting every single Sunday .	May 's book club was a huge success !
3	Nancy wore a cream colored dress and laced veil .	Sam had proposed to Nancy on the steps of their church .	Neither was interested in unduly waiting .	The wedding date was set for Fall , only a month away .	Sam lifted the veil , kissing her and thinking of the coming honeymoon .
4	She was very appreciative .	Yesterday was my mom 's birthday .	She turned another year older .	My brother and I wanted to treat her special .	We bought her new shoes and made her a tasty dinner .
4	I said there was and he stopped eating it .	My friends came over for a fondue party last week .	I spent a lot of time preparing the cheese while they arrived .	My friend had some fondue and stopped because he felt bad .	He asked if there was wine in the fondue because he was allergic .
0	Last week Cara and her best friend Jill went to the ocean .	They laid out in the sun to get an even tan .	To her dismay , Cara found out she had a terrible sunburn .	She looked in the mirror and saw skin peeling .	She then learned her lesson and would never tan again .
0	Amber went to work at her job at Sally 's beauty supply	She was running a little late , so had to rush out	After rushing , she did make it to work on time	Her boss was very kind and bought her some fries for lunch	She worked a long day , and then came home to watch movies
0	Betsy was really good with money .	She went to college and wanted to do something in math .	She decided on accounting .	When she graduated she got a great job .	She loves her accounting job .
1	So she started studying and never stopped .	Jen was incredibly worried about her English test .	But as night approached , she began hearing loud music .	Hours later , Jen decided to go outside and yell at her neighbors .	But before Jen could walk their house , the music stopped .
3	Now archaeologists pay him for his help with identifying symbols .	Bill was very interested in runes .	He bought a book and studied very hard .	Bill became an expert on runes with many years of practice .	Bill loves trotting the globe looking at ancient runes .
0	Alan played in the trumpet section for the Christmas parade .	It was so cold as he marched down Main Street that his valves froze .	He did n't have any idea what to do so he started twirling his trumpet .	Before long the whole section was doing that too .	It was hard to make out Jingle Bells without the trumpet section .
1	Her friend was concentrating hard and determined to do well .	Janis was sitting in math class with her friend .	Janis have a sly smile as she glanced over her friend 's shoulder .	She was enacting her brilliant plan to ace school by the motto why try	As she left class she gave herself a pat on the back for not working .
4	Tim was applauded and celebrated as a hero by the other swimmers !	Tim was working as a lifeguard at the pool one summer .	Suddenly he saw a little boy struggling in the deep end !	Tim took action immediately , jumping into the water .	He towed the little boy to safety and helped him clear his lungs .
2	She decided to ask for one .	Lisa was checking out Facebook .	She noticed a woman giving away free homeopathic pillows .	Then , she picked the pillow up and brought it home .	It was n't really helpful for illness , but it was a cozy pillow .
1	She let the students wear their art for the rest of the day .	Susan 's students eagerly strung colored cereal pieces onto necklaces .	Before dismissing class , Susan wanted to photograph the necklaces .	She asked the students to line up for a picture .	Having eaten the cereal , the necklaces were reduced to strings .
1	However , an angry man approached us .	The waitress served my food to me .	He asked the waitress why she works there .	In addition , he said he was disappointed in her .	Luckily , she was patient and treated the man with respect .
4	Gina was now out of time , and needed to devise a new plan .	Gina had taken her mother 's house key with her knowing .	After making a copy she needed to put the key back .	The only problem was her mother was no longer napping .	The trip to get the copy had taken too long .
2	The movie receives critical praise .	Two best friends from Boston write a movie together .	They star in it and get it filmed .	They both go on to become huge movie stars .	Their movies sell billions of dollars of tickets over the next 20 years
4	He discovered that he was at the trail 's halfway point !	Neil had been walking the Camino de Compostela .	It had been weeks .	He was enjoying the beautiful scenery .	Soon he saw a sign on the trail and stopped to read it .
4	Paul is sad that he did n't collect a lady bug today .	Paul loves to collect bugs .	His favorite is the lady bug .	He tries to collect at least one every day .	Today , he could not find one .
3	She went to get the butter but found an empty box .	She put the water on to boil .	While she waited , she got out the macaroni and cheese .	She cooked the noodles .	She learned to check before starting to cook .
0	I told her to draw me a picture while I spoke to the counselor .	She sat down at a chair and pulled the crayons out .	She politely asked for a paper which I gave her .	The image she drew was of a Brown child .	She proudly displayed her art on the counselor 's wall .
3	He turned around and saw the chief yelling at him for sleeping .	It was a late night and Joe was working dispatch .	It was a quiet town so he was having trouble staying awake .	All of a sudden , he felt a tapping on his shoulder .	He then woke up , and never fell asleep again on the job .
1	Now she was almost through with stuffing and sealing the envelopes .	Ann had spent hours addressing her wedding invitations .	Suddenly something on one of the invitations caught her eye .	When she saw a typo on the invitation , Ann broke down in tears !	Ann sobbed as she realized how much time and money had been lost .
4	I could n't watch her play basketball for the rest of high school .	I loved watching my 8th grader play on the basketball team .	I thought she was really good and she enjoyed it .	Then she had to try out for the team in 9th grade .	She did not make the cut and never tried out again .
0	The two classes of children engaged in a game of Tug of War .	The rope was pulled tightly between the two teams .	One side took an early lead but slowly began to lose .	The other side reeled in the other team like a fish .	The game ended when the first team lose their balance and fell .
2	When I went inside it tasted amazing .	Last week I went to try the new Indian buffet .	I absolutely love Indian food .	I filled my plate to the top .	I could n't wait to go back next time .
2	Since I already arranged a date with someone else , I told her no .	My friend Lina walked towards me .	She asked if I want to go to the prom with her .	She immediately got hit and smacked me with her purse .	I remained on my knees trying to hold the pain on my stomach .
1	This year , I was invited to be the Grand Marshall .	Every year the town has a Christmas parade .	I have not been in a parade in Years .	I picked out my outfit and had my hair done .	It was so fun waving and seeing everyone .
0	Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go somewhere .	She decided to go to the park .	There was a duck pond at the entrance .	Lindsay went over to feed the ducks some bread .	The ducks ate the bread .
2	The percussion sections leaves the stage and Chad takes the stage .	Chad 's is preparing for a saxophone solo .	His reeds are moist and he 's ready to go .	Chad dominates his solo .	Chad receives a standing ovation .
0	The baby began to crawl toward the couch .	Then , suddenly she stopped and sat back as if in contemplation .	She again placed her hands flat on the floor .	Then , she pushed against the floor and extended her legs .	She straightened and stood for 5 seconds before dropping on her but .
3	She sped around the track like a blur .	Tanya had been training her whole life for this .	She was a great runner and knew she was prepared .	The starting gun fired and she was off like a flash .	She crossed the finished line in first place .
2	When she got there she saw everything she needed .	Kelly needed to go to the hardware store .	She had to get equipment .	Finally when she bought it they were on sale .	Kelly was happy to get it .
3	He violently swerved , and came within inches of a near car .	Dave was driving home on a busy highway .	He was just putting along , until he saw the car in front of him brake .	They braked suddenly and he was not prepared .	Thankfully , his car came to a halt as he slid into a ditch , uninjured .
0	Steve studied all night for an exam the next day .	In the morning , he gulped coffee to stay awake for the test .	By the time of the test , Steve was tired and jittery .	The words on the paper seemed to swim before his eyes .	Fifteen minutes into the test period , Steve had fallen asleep .
4	Her classmates were all respectful and very friendly to her !	Sara was scared to start high school .	She thought the students would make fun of her for being Muslim .	She even considered abandoning her hijab , but decided not to .	On her first day , Sara was surprised and heartened .
4	She learned to take the juice away before leaving the baby alone .	Jill had a new baby .	She put the baby in her high chair .	When she walked away , the baby spilled juice on the carpet .	Jenny had to clean it up for half an hour .
4	She found out the cat did it .	Allie needed to get inside her house .	When she got in , she saw her lamp was broken .	She saw it shattered on the floor .	She immediately picked it up .
2	I cooked it for an hour at four hundred degrees .	I made a pizza today .	It had mushrooms and mozzarella on it .	I was very excited when my cooking timer went off .	I ate the entire thing within fifteen minutes .
4	After two months , Ted finally had a handle on his bills .	Ted had mounting piles of bills to pay .	He started a second job just to be able to get by .	He worked on weekdays for his primary job .	On weekends , he worked as as uber driver .
3	Elena suffered from a minor headache and was able to get out .	Elena made a large turn into the highway .	Since the floors were slippery , the car fell of course .	It jumped over the barriers and onto the grass .	The towing service took the car away .
3	He followed us for several miles , and we were scared .	My man and I traveled to the Dominican Republic .	We decided to ask a sales associate at a local store for directions .	He showed us , then chased us down for money .	We finally lost him and went to the hotel .
2	Luckily she found a good deal for Bose .	Lisa really wanted some new headphones .	She could n't believe how expensive they were though .	Lisa ended up buying them .	When she put them on her head she loved them .
0	Arnold was scared of mice .	He thought they were disgusting .	One night he felt something on his bed .	It was a tiny mouse .	Arnold screamed at the top of his lungs .
3	She found lipstick on his shirt .	Brad and Kim were engaged .	One night , Brad came home very late .	He told Kim he had been working .	Kim called off the wedding .
0	Gina 's grandparents slept in separate rooms .	Her grandpa was now dead .	His room door sat open all the time .	Day and night the room was dark and empty .	Gina felt a tinge of sadness each time she walked past the room .
3	I made my final presentation yesterday .	Two months ago I wanted to be a motivational speaker .	I signed up for online classes with Les Brown Inc .	I ordered the materials for the training .	I passed the test and now I am a certified motivational speaker .
4	But when he opened the door he found Jack on his porch !	Joe 's brother Jack was in the army and stationed overseas .	Each week he wrote letters home , but then he stopped !	Joe was nervous and scared , wondering what happened to Jack .	When his bell rang he raced to the door , expecting the mailman .
4	Martha used this counter everyday to cook meals for her family .	Martha was planning to get a new kitchen counter installed .	She wanted a marble finish on it .	She hired workers to redo her kitchen .	When they were finished , Martha was left with a beautiful new counter .
0	Both of my kids like chocolate pop-tarts .	Only one of my kids likes blueberry pop-tarts .	I usually buy one big box of chocolate and one small box of blueberry .	I mistakenly got them mixed up this week .	Everyone is sad that we have so many blueberry ones and no chocolate .
1	He sat on same table .	Ben tried to talk to a girl at the bar .	She became disgusted when he was trying to flirt with her .	Therefore , she got up and left .	Ben simply placed his head down .
0	Frank watched the political debate .	The candidate Frank supported kept switching his position .	Frank watched the entire debate .	He thought the other candidate might be more qualified for the job .	Frank decided to vote for the other candidate .
2	The story she wrote was about the terrible childhood she 'd had .	Lynda entered an essay-auction contest to win a house .	She sent a photo of herself and her spouse with her essay .	She did n't expect any response at all , from such a graphic tale .	Lynda nearly fainted when the letter came , saying the house was hers .
0	Jake was getting finished with a school paper on his computer .	When pressing save , his computer shut off and would n't restart .	He did everything he could think of but the computer did n't reboot .	Finally , he had to take the computer into a repair shop .	When he got it back he was crushed to see the paper did n't save .
3	At one time most major cities ran PCC trolleys .	I am a big fan of PCC trolleys .	They were developed in the 1930s to modernize transit .	The bodies had a distinctive art deco design .	My home city of Boston still runs a small fleet of PCCs .
3	And suggested that he could learn enough online .	Jim wanted to learn how to play the guitar .	But he did n't know where to start .	Jim 's friend gave him some advice .	Jim learned how to play the guitar by watching videos online .
4	She was trying to stall for as long as she could .	Gina was sent to see the principal .	But she did n't want to go .	She went to the bathroom and sat on the counter .	She looked at herself in the mirror for 20 minutes .
3	I met a woman there .	I was relaxing on Friday night .	My friends invited me to the dance club .	I decided to go .	A few years later I married that woman .
2	Jim punched him hard in the jaw !	Jim was a very quiet boy .	But one day another student mocked him on the playground .	He told the teacher that the other student had hit him first .	Because he was so quiet , the teacher believed Jim 's lie .
3	His dog kept barking at him all morning !	Gary had a dog .	Gary would fill up the dog 's water bowl every morning .	One day , Gary forgot to fill up the bowl .	Gary realized the water bowl was empty and filled it up .
4	The puppy has been in Dan 's life for 11 Year 's now .	Sally went to friend 's house after work .	She brought a puppy with her that someone had left at her work .	She told her friend Dan he should take the adorable puppy .	After 1 hour with the cute puppy he could n't resist .
0	It was Christmas morning .	Sue woke up early to open her presents .	Her face lit up when she unwrapped a large box .	It was a N64 video game console from her parents !	Sue spent the entire afternoon playing video games .
2	He decided to go out to eat .	Ricky really wanted breakfast .	But he was too lazy to cook .	He dressed quickly and left the house .	Then he went and ate a yummy restaurant breakfast .
1	It was taking unusually long .	Carl was waiting for his bus after school .	Then a teacher let him know that the bus was delayed .	It was twenty more minutes before the bus arrived .	Finally Carl could go home .
3	He got up and off at the stop before hers , everyday .	Everyday she watched the old man across from her on the subway .	Everyday , he had his newspaper held up over his face .	She watched everyday as he took off his glasses and closed his eyes .	One day , he was n't there anymore , everyday .
3	They climbed in bed with me .	It was very cold one night .	Grandma did n't want to turn up the heat .	The cats were cold .	The cats spent a warm night with me , purring the whole time .
0	Nelly was in the middle of a phone call .	Suddenly , her phone lost it 's connection .	She checked her account online .	It turned out that her bill was late .	She paid it and then resumed her call .
3	She was worried she would n't get to go .	Amelia was about to go on her first trip to disney .	It was the morning of the trip and she was so excited .	Unfortunately , her mom was n't feeling well .	Luckily , her aunt offered to take her .
4	That afternoon they went sledding in the fresh snow .	When the kids woke up they found it had snowed all night .	At least two feet had fallen and it was still snowing .	Their parents checked their school 's website to see if it was closed .	The kids cheered when they learned they had a snow day .
2	When he saw someone come his way he threw a snowball at them .	Mike called himself the snowball king one day .	He made a crown out of snow and wore it .	The person ran away from Mike .	Mike laughed at the people he called his snowball peasants .
0	Cara was an addict and desperately wanted to get clean .	She tried to quit on her own .	But each time , her cravings won out .	Then she decided to attend a rehab center .	Within three months she was clean for good !
2	We had forgotten our money .	One day it was cold outside .	We went shopping .	We had to apply for the store credit card .	We were accepted and were able to make our purchase .
0	Sophie knew the weather was supposed to get bad .	She was not prepared for a lot of rainy .	As she was driving home , she got caught in a flood .	Sophie tried to drive through .	Sophie 's car got stuck on the bridge .
4	Jim could still bench more than him .	Tim wanted to bench more than his friend Jim .	He worked out everyday for six months .	He finally thought he could beat his friend Jim .	They went to the gym together .
0	Jerry asked his father if they can talk .	He confessed that he 's homosexual .	His father had a strange look on his face and slapped him .	Jerry fell out of his chair .	His father said nothing and decided to walk away .
3	She ran to his room and threw a blanket over the cage .	Emily was trying to sleep .	Her brother 's pet bird was chirping non-stop .	She could n't take the annoying noise anymore .	Finally , the bird quieted down .
1	One day , I realized many pairs of my socks were missing .	I love socks , and have many pairs .	I could n't find them anywhere .	Then , I discovered a pile of socks beneath the couch .	The cat had been taking them and hoarding them under the couch .
0	Ted is a restaurant reviewer and assigned to review a new place .	At first he was impressed with the level of service from their staff .	However his food came and was lukewarm and seemed cheap .	He wrote a negative review and turned it into the magazine .	The business for the restaurant dropped and it had to close down .
2	He split the winnings with his Mother .	Bill took his Mother out to the casino yesterday .	Bill won a jackpot on a slot machine .	On the way home , they stopped at their favorite pizza place .	Bill ca n't wait to go back and gamble again .
3	Next was vacuuming the floors .	Jan 's house was a mess .	She knew she should start cleaning by washing the dishes .	After the dishes she took out the trash .	After that she cleaned the bathroom .
2	He decided he needed a break and went to the bathroom .	Max was working on an important work project .	He had been working on the spreadsheets for a few hours .	He got back and saw Windows was auto updating , losing all his work .	He cried and formatted his computer to become a Linux user .
1	She liked sausage but could n't eat pork .	Tina decided to go and buy some sausage .	She therefore decided to buy chicken sausage .	To her delight it tasted good .	She was bound to buy more of them .
1	Pablo was no good at painting .	Pablo wanted to make a painting .	He tried everything that he could to get better .	Nothing seemed to help him .	Pablo decided to quit painting to start sculpting clay .
3	They sat down on their assigned seats .	The teacher introduced herself to the class today .	They were happily until the teacher started to act serious .	She told everyone to get up .	She also assigned tons of work .
2	Vincent drives to Brad 's house with a friend to get the money .	Vincent works as a debt collector .	Vincent 's boss says that Brad owes him money .	When they get there , Brad gives them the money in a briefcase .	Vincent takes the money back to his boss , Marsellus .
0	I was determined to not strike out again .	The first pitch was wide .	The second pitch was high .	But third pitch was perfect .	I hit it out of the park .
3	She took the kale they offered and ate it .	Jessica 's friends were sure she would like kale .	They told her this every day .	Finally , they convinced her to try eating some .	Jessica and her friends learned that she hated kale .
1	He was very excited .	Jason won tickets to a rock concert .	Jason asked his friend Steve to go with him .	Together they got ready for the concert by having a couple of beers .	They both really enjoyed the rock concert .
1	When her family stopped at a gas station she decided to get snacks	Gina was n't looking forward to the long drive to Illinois .	She purchased a juice , some chips , and some candy .	She fell asleep in the car to waiting on the rest of her family .	When she awoke someone had eaten her chips .
0	The whole family was in a somber mood .	Gina 's brother Jay had moved out of state .	He was only 17 Year 's old .	He had become a major disruption , and a danger to everyone .	They were sad to see him go , but they knew it was for the best .
1	Neither of them had been on a cruise ship before .	Patty and Norman were about to take their first cruise vacation .	It was a four day , three night cruise to Cancun , Mexico .	Unfortunately , Patty was horribly seasick the entire time .	She was never so glad to return home from a vacation .
3	They planned everything out perfectly .	Bill desired to have an adventure .	He asked his friends to join him .	They decided to go on jungle trekking adventure .	They all enjoyed their jungle trek .
4	I decided to wait in a store for the rain to clear up .	I waited for the afternoon school bus to take me home .	When the bus arrived at my stop , outside was raining .	Knowing this , the bus driver still wanted me to get out .	After walking out , I became soaked from the rain .
4	He smashed a bottle by the tire so his dad would think he did it .	Jamal was fifteen and did not have a driver 's license .	But he wanted to drive a car and impress his friends .	While his parents were away , he drove the family car .	But he got a flat tire .
3	After they finished , they went out for a walk at the park .	Earlier , Steve went to the jeweler to purchase an engagement ring .	He then planned out how he would propose to his girlfriend that night .	That night , he and his girlfriend went to dinner at a restaurant .	Steve stopped and proposed to his girlfriend who happily said yes .
0	Tim and his little brother got sundaes from the ice cream shop .	While they were walking home , Tim tripped and dropped his .	He did n't have any more money to get another .	Tim 's brother offered to share his .	Tim felt lucky to have such a nice , caring brother .
0	Heather has a pet Boxer .	One day he knocked over a candle warmer .	He got hot wax all over himself and the carpet .	His eyes began to swell .	Heather took him to the vet right away .
0	My husband got off work early , so I took him to lunch .	We had a hard time deciding where to eat .	We finally settled on Chinese .	The food was great , and we ate far too much .	We left the restaurant ready for naps .
1	He needed to purchase new gear .	Tom was a mountaineer .	He went to REI .	He bought many ropes and carabiners .	He obtained the equipment he needed .
4	Maggie was disappointed .	Maggie went to an arcade .	She tried playing the claw game .	She wanted to get the toy .	She tried many times but it would n't work .
2	She started to cry , and her mother came outside .	The neighborhood children were having a snowball fight .	At one point , Jill got hit in the face with the snowball .	She hugged her .	Jill eventually stopped crying .
2	With one hand dangling and hold on he falls .	James is rock climbing .	About a quarter of the way up he slips .	James tumbles and slides down a cliff .	James barely survives and needs medical attention .
3	During tryouts he scored eight goals for his team .	Mark loves to play basketball with his friends .	He has played for 4 years .	Next monday is tryouts for Mark 's favorite team .	Mark made the team and now helps them win .
3	He spit out a piece of his tooth .	Greg was at work and was eating lunch in the breakroom .	He brought a bag of carrots to eat .	He bit down on the first carrot and felt something crack .	He made an appointment to see the dentist that afternoon .
2	Her employer believes made-up faces are better received by others .	DeeDee does not wear make-up .	At work , her boss told her to start wearing make-up .	DeeDee only wants to be known for her work ethic .	She is still waiting for a promotion .
3	But she accidentally dropped it , and began to cry .	Meg loved eating ice cream .	She asked her dad to take her to the ice cream stand .	Her dad bought her a chocolate ice cream cone .	Meg 's dad bought her a new ice cream cone and she ate it happily .
4	She finished the job , but quit as soon as it was done .	Ali got a job as a cleaning lady .	She went to work on her first day , ready and eager .	When she got started , she realized the place was disgusting .	It was way worse than she had anticipated .
0	Mary decided to make tacos for dinner .	She cooked the meat and shredded the cheese .	Mary put the filling in tortillas .	She served the tacos with a big salad .	Her family ate all of the tacos before Mary sat down !
0	I used to be my teacher 's pet in the third grade .	I liked when she asked me to mark the attendance .	I had to always mark my classmates and friends late .	I just wanted to fit in and be with the rest of my class .	My teacher soon labelled me retarded because of my new bad behavior .
4	Sam never wasted food again .	Sam was pouring things down the drain .	He poured ketchup down the drain .	He then poured mustard , mayo , and pickle juice .	His mother made him work to pay for everything .
3	Fred decided to buy the book .	Fred picked up a book at a thrift store .	He read the first paragraph and skipped to the end .	He felt that the ending was very solid .	When he got home he began to read it cover to cover .
3	Once he copied all the letters , Nate sent it in .	Nate was working on a batch of low paying tasks .	After a while , he came across a CAPTCHA .	This one was pretty easy and Nate began to copy it .	Then , the CAPTCHA disappeared and was solved !
1	The sleep specialist I saw recommended a CPAP to help me sleep .	A year or so ago I was diagnosed with sleep apnea .	It took a while to get used to you to the CPAP but it really helped me	However , after using it for a while , I got a bad respiratory infection .	I learned to clean my CPAP regularly and sleep well every night .
2	I found out that we were born from the same country .	I tried to walk to my class .	A girl introduced herself to me .	I recorded her number on my phone .	We eventually left to go home .
4	He did n't know how it was even there and was really upset .	Lando bought a new pair of white tennis shoes .	They were expensive and he was excited .	It had n't rained for days .	When he went out within minutes he walked in a puddle .
1	I asked our coworkers had they heard Detts rumor .	I did not believe that Dette had killed someone .	Our coworkers said they had not heard anything .	I asked Detts sister but she would not answer me .	Now I believe Dett is a killer because she told she was .
1	The cast and crew worked very hard to make it successful .	The senior class was putting on a play .	Soon opening night arrived .	The students were very nervous , but did their best .	The play got a good review in the student paper .
2	Tona asked my daughter to edit her college essay .	My niece 's daughter , Tina , is applying to colleges .	She wants to be a nurse , but her SATs scores were low .	My daughter advised Tona to tell her life story , but she did not .	I hope Tony gets accepted by a good school .
4	Lucy rolled down the window , stuck out her head and watched .	It was independence day and Lucy wanted to see the Fireworks .	She jumped into the car and waited for grandpa .	Before they got to the park they hit heavy traffic .	They were stuck so long the fireworks began to go off ahead of them .
4	Sam walked over to the door and pushed it open .	Sam heard a bang at the front door of his store .	A person was knocking on the window .	Sam gestured for the person to open the door .	The person pulled on the door but it did not move .
0	Leo was a student who loved science .	He decided to enter the science fair .	He performed his experiments and painstakingly recorded the results .	The day of the science fair came , and the judges were very impressed .	His hard work paid off .
3	He set up his computer and microphones and called all his friends .	Gerald was watching his favorite streamer on twitch .	Gerald suddenly had the urge to make a podcast .	He went to store and bought a number of microphones .	Together , they all made a funny podcast that got a lot of views .
1	He ran into Jane while walking to the store .	Mark went to the shopping mall to look for some shoes .	Mark likes Jane a lot .	They ended up having lunch together in the food court .	Mark did n't find the shoes he was looking for , but he did n't mind .
4	She is very pleased to have a job that allows her to build things .	Ophelia has always wanted to build things .	She decides that she should become a carpenter .	She finds a local carpenter who allows her to be an apprentice .	Ophelia works very hard until she is a skilled carpenter .
1	I could n't decide what I wanted .	I went to my favorite candy store	I ended up eating lots of gummy bears and chocolate .	My stomach started to hurt .	I have to decided to only eat candy in small amounts from now on .
1	She complained about it to her mom .	Ivy got a bad sunburn at the beach .	Her mom gave her a tube of aloe gel .	Ivy rubbed it onto her sore skin .	Soon she felt soothed and cool !
0	For 40 Years Janice has been afraid of swimming .	Her friends and family encourage her to go to the beach .	Finally Janice agrees to go swimming .	She loves being back in the water after so long .	Janice wishes she had n't waited so long to go swimming .
1	The system has reformed him .	Albert committed a felony when he was younger .	He is now a productive and honest citizen .	He works as a trash man .	Albert is happy he has changed himself into a better man .
2	We won the game by almost twenty points .	Last week my basketball game went into overtime .	We played better in overtime than we did in regulation .	We decided that we would play like it was overtime every game .	Our team has been great since that overtime game .
3	Graham 's mom promised to buy one at the store .	Graham had been given a new book .	It was about his favorite character and it made sounds .	Unfortunately , it did n't have a battery in it .	But the one she came home with was the wrong size .
3	Suddenly , the chain snapped and dropped bob to the floor .	Bob was sitting on the porch swing .	The swing was very old .	Bob had plans to fix it soon .	Luckily , ob 's hard head broke his fall .
1	His friend Heath decided to invite more people .	Bogie was going to have a small party .	The party tripled in size .	Things got pretty wild .	The party ended when the police were called .
0	The Entree meals were distributed to the judges .	They started to eat it .	After a few minutes , one of the judges puked .	He had to be scored to the hospital .	The official disqualified the contestant who made the plate .
3	Finally she tried to inspect the source of the pain .	Sarah was laying in bed .	As she rolled over she felt a sharp pain .	She tried to ignore it but it kept happening .	She realized a mattress spring was sticking out .
3	But after she got out of the shower , she began sweating .	It was a hot day .	So Carla decided to take a cool shower .	It made her feel clean and refreshed .	Carla wished she could stay in the shower the whole day .
4	There was Thomas 's puppy all covered in dirt .	Thomas lost his puppy one afternoon .	He searched all over the park for him .	Thomas found his collar next to the bushes .	He followed his puppy 's steps across the grass .
1	My parents disapproved because I had a degree .	I wanted to become a taxi driver .	But , I quit my job regardless and became a taxi driver .	Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up .	I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job .
3	Finally Jasper gets his fried chicken .	Jasper realizes there is no food at his house .	He decides to go out to get some fried chicken .	The fried chicken restaurant has a very long line .	He feels much better after eating .
1	She trains with her trainer for many months .	Julie decides to get a personal trainer to lose weight .	However , Julie realizes that the trainer is very expensive .	She decides to start training on her own .	Julie is able to lose weight without the expensive training sessions .
2	Amy rushed home to get her report card from the mail .	It was the end of the quarter at Amy 's high school .	Her father offered to help her buy a car if she got straight A 's	To her delight she had an A in every class .	Her father stuck to his word and took her car shopping .
4	Charlie 's new , shiny car was totaled .	Charlie bought a blue car last week .	The car was beautiful and shiny .	One day Charlie drove his car to work .	He was talking on the phone and rear-ended another driver 's car .
2	He planned many fun activities .	Evan 's brother was coming to town .	He was very excited .	His brother enjoyed all of the things they did .	Evan enjoyed himself .
2	They could n't stand making his complicated drink .	At the coffee shop , one customer was very rude .	He would come in every day and yell at the baristas .	One day after work , Lisa noticed a policeman writing him a ticket .	She smiled , because karma finally caught up to him .
2	There was a small pebble right in front of him .	Bill was riding his skateboard one day .	He was riding fairly fast but not paying attention to the sidewalk .	One of the wheels hit the pebble and threw Bill into the air .	He ended up chipping a tooth that day .
1	Every time he did laundry , he would lose some socks .	Frank had a hard time keeping up with his socks .	Frank went to the store to buy more socks .	The next time Frank did laundry , some of the new socks were lost .	Frank learned to be content wearing mismatched socks .
1	She painted a landscape , with soft hues and a gentle meadow .	Lydia loved to paint with water colors .	Her friends urged her to enter the painting in the school contest .	Lydia acquiesced , entering her artwork .	Her painting won her first prize and an art school scholarship !
2	It barked a lot and peed everywhere .	Ava 's parents got a new puppy .	At first Ava did n't like it .	But soon it got better and quieter .	Very soon , Ava loved her family 's new puppy !
1	Suddenly she heard a loud , crashing , sound .	Gina was asleep in her room at 8 AM .	She sat up in her bed trying to listen for the sound .	After awhile she tried to go back to sleep .	Just as she drifted off , the loud booming sound returned .
1	It was hidden inside a big red box .	Once a little girl got a puppy for Christmas .	When she opened it she was very surprised !	One day the puppy went missing .	They found it in the big red box after all !
3	They ate and drank and played catch that summer afternoon .	Alyce and Chris went with their friends to the river one afternoon .	They set up their chairs and blankets in the beautiful park nearby .	Alyce and Chris sat and talked for many hours with their friends .	When the sun began to set they grabbed their things and walked home .
1	She started doing all she could to get money .	Fran was really broke .	She needed to get caught up .	She worked three jobs .	Finally she was in a good place financially .
0	Tori was outside in the garden .	While she was planting flowers , a bee stung her .	She started getting dizzy .	She yelled out for help .	Tori had an allergic reaction and passed out .
4	Someone got caught in the door and slightly injured .	John was riding the train to work in the morning .	The area was very crowded .	John was in a rush .	As people were crowding in the train John pressed the close button .
4	But Chad took home first prize !	Chad wanted to be a poet .	He wrote a lovely poem .	Then he entered it in the talent show .	He did not expect to win .
4	She wondered what secrets the large rock might contain .	Megan grabbed her tools from her locker .	She was excited about what the day might hold .	Her hair was pulled back and her goggles were on .	Her boss directed her to where she might excavate .
2	I heard a voice thinly whispering my name .	I woke up in the middle of the night , hearing footsteps .	My room was dark so I could n't see a thing .	This scared me half to death .	I flipped on my bedside lamp to see my brother in a ski mask !
4	Peb was very glad nobody had stolen her book .	Peb had left her math book in the lunchroom .	She hurried back to get it .	She was sure the book would be gone .	But to her relief , it was right where she had left it !
0	Tim was waiting to be picked up from school .	But he began feeling impatient .	He decided to walk home after waiting for an hour .	He became cold and wet as it was raining .	And when he got home , he found his mom sleeping .
0	Mark made a New Year 's resolution to learn spanish .	He hired a tutor to help him learn spanish .	Every week he met with his tutor .	Mark was consistent with the tutor 's practice assignments .	Mark was fluent in spanish by the end of the year .
0	John needed a shed in his backyard .	But he did n't want to pay extra to have someone else build it .	It was more work than he realized .	And the hot weather did n't help .	Finally , John hired someone else to build it .
4	I put the aloe on but it took awhile to heal .	Yesterday I was cooking a meal .	When I placed my hand on the pan by accident I burnt myself .	The pain was horrendous .	I immediately ran to get aloe .
0	Emily is riding her bicycle home from school .	She sees an injured bird on the ground .	She picks him up and and takes him home .	She nurses the bird back to health .	It is a bittersweet moment when she watches him fly away .
1	He ate all the algae in my mom 's fish tank .	Oscar the Grouch was my mom 's algae eater .	Oscar was thirteen years old and getting slower .	When Oscar died , my mother was very sad .	She was so sad , she never got any more fish .
0	Sam went on vacation to the beach .	He loved the small town he stayed in .	Everything about the people and culture was appealing .	Sam decided to live there .	He moved within the year .
0	Bob was driving a big green tractor .	He drove his tractor into a fence .	The tractor smashed through the fence and kept going .	Bob could not stop his tractor .	Bob decided that he needed to learn how to drive his tractor .
4	I was forced to call a plumber instead .	I came home from work and smelled a little bit .	I decided to shower to clean up .	Alas , I did not know that my water pipe was faulty .	The shower did not work .
4	As he ate his steak , Mike sighed with pleasure and happiness .	Mike had not eaten meat in two years .	His girlfriend Jane was a vegetarian , and very strict with Mike .	Mike was whipped and listened to Jane when she said no meat .	Today though , Mike had dumped Jane .
4	She took the new bird home and he fit right in with her flock .	Peggy loves parakeets and she already has three little birds .	One day Peggy decided she wanted a new parakeet .	Peggy went to the pet store to look at the little birds .	One small bird was singing so sweetly to Peggy she decided to buy him .
0	Gayle was driving cross country in her RV .	One night in Oklahoma , a tornado approached her RV .	The wind was deafening , and it shook the RV .	Gayle started up the engine and prepared to drive away .	When she saw the tornado getting closer , she floored the gas .
2	She posted fliers and looked all over town .	Carrie lost her brand new puppy .	She tried looking everywhere for it .	Finally she found her puppy .	It was hiding under her bed .
2	They called their new game Monkey Chess .	The two young brothers wanted to play chess .	They did not know the rules so they made them up .	The first winner of Monkey Chess was the older brother .	The younger brother asked for another game and he agreed .
0	Martha was at home about to go to bed .	Suddenly she heard a knock on the door .	It was a police officer .	He let Martha know that her adult daughter had been in an accident .	Martha rushed to the hospital to check on her .
3	He could hear the walls and the floor creak .	Ryan went inside an abandoned mansion .	He went in for photographic content .	It was extremely frightening for him	He left after 10 minutes
1	Ian decided to learn how to play basketball .	Ian loved to watch basketball games on TV .	Playing basketball was a lot harder than watching it .	Ian practiced every day .	Eventually , Ian became so good that he joined a local basketball team .
0	Lindsey was in a film class .	She had to make a movie for a project .	She worked really hard on it all year .	When it was time to share she was so nervous .	Luckily , everyone loved it and praised her .
2	The coach said that I need to work on my swing .	I tried out for the baseball team at my high school .	I did n't make the team though which was disappointing .	I have been working hard for months now and I 'm getting better .	My plan is to try out again next season and make the team .
2	But he kept trying and refused to give up !	Paul loved to cook , it was his passion .	Unfortunately , everything he made was nigh-inedible .	After years of perseverance , he finally secured his dream job !	The local 1-star restaurant was quite happy with their new head chef .
4	He left his speech at the podium and left without taking questions .	A scientist walked up to a podium in a crowded room .	He took out his speech from a folder and tapped the mic .	The room fell silent as he began his presentation .	The scientist explained that a comet was headed right towards earth .
1	There was a heavy blizzard going on .	Bob was driving home from work .	His vision was limited by the heavy snowfall	He could n't see the ice patch ahead and began to slide .	He ended up crashing into a ditch .
3	We sat down and played the game for a while .	My friend and I were very bored .	We looked around for something to do .	We found a monopoly game in his closet .	It was boring , so we decided to stop .
2	A car had struck a tree in his front yard .	Todd was busy watching the news .	All of a sudden , he heard a loud crash outside .	Todd rushed outside to help the person in the car .	Luckily , the other person was unhurt from the accident .
2	One day , my neighbor 's dog got into our yard .	I used to have two pet ducks .	They were very cute .	He ate one of our ducks .	We let the other duck live at the park for his own safety .
4	He threw the old belt away and sighed in relief .	Jim bought an old car to work on for fun .	He started the engine up and it made a funny noise .	The sound seemed to come from timing belt .	He replaced the belt and the sound went away .
0	Fred 's car broke down in the middle of a work week .	He needed an alternative way to get to work so he looked online .	Fred found a used bike for cheap and contacted the seller .	Fred walked to the seller 's house and purchased the bike .	Fred then rode the bike back to his house to use for work .
4	I am regretting my decision of not buying the cheaper option .	This morning I bought a new bow for hunting .	I tried several models at the practice range inside the store .	I decided to buy the most expensive option .	I have been researching my bow and I think I paid too much .
4	He was asked to prom by her , and as a gift she gave him an action toy .	Jasper was always into science fiction , even at 17 .	He played in his bedroom with spaceship toys and action figures .	Girls his age wanted nothing to do with him .	But one day , a girl approached him while he was playing at lunch .
1	One day , I decided to climb an oak tree .	I love to climb trees !	I did n't realize that oak trees were quite weak .	A branch snapped and I broke my leg .	I realized I should not climb oak trees .
4	The dog was getting exercised by running after Ivan every visit !	Ivan was a professional dog walker , and he worked often .	His least favorite dog to walk , was a nasty dog named Spike .	The dog often chased Ivan around the house , trying to bite him .	Eventually Ivan realized he was still doing his job , just differently .
2	Then , he would go to the pond .	Joel loved to feed the ducks .	He would collect stale bread in his neighborhood .	The ducks knew him when they saw him .	They always crowded around him for food .
3	I did n't get the shot and I feel fine .	Mom said the flu shot keeps people from getting the flu .	I 'm not sure I believe that .	She and my Dad are both sick in bed .	I think I 'll just avoid shots and stay well .
2	He and a friend took the long drive to Utah to find a good mountain .	Davis had always wanted to snowboard in Utah .	He had been told that the mountains there had beautiful snow .	They spent a terrific weekend snowboarding .	Davis was very happy that he finally snowboarded in Utah .
2	He spotted a raccoon dragging a fish from the river .	An eagle flew up high in the sky .	The eagle was seeking fish .	The eagle dived down .	He stole the fish from the raccoon and flew away .
4	The party was a disaster .	Kelly had her birthday party at her house yesterday .	Everything was going just fine .	However her power went out .	All the guests then had to leave .
3	This one duck followed Lindsay around the pond for an hour .	Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go to the park .	Arriving at the park she noticed a large amount of ducks .	Running over to them , they all ran away except for one .	When leaving , Lindsay reached down to pet the duck , who bit her .
3	In time an entrepreneur will solve this issue .	Every year thousands of trees are cut down .	They are cut down to make chopsticks .	There needs to be a better solution .	He or she will make a lot of money .
3	And he began to work .	Ian was exhausted after soccer practice .	But he needed to finish his homework .	It estimated that it would take him 3 hours .	But he found himself with his nose against his desk at 3 AM .
1	She was supposed to perform a piece in an upcoming piano recital .	Anne was learning to play the piano .	Anne was nervous about performing .	Her teacher told her to pretend there was no one in the audience .	Anne performed her piano piece beautifully .
2	I walked the dog for about twelve blocks .	I wanted to walk my friend 's dog because I never had before .	She gave me the dog which was on a leash .	The dog jerked free and ran away .	Thankfully , I later found the dog at my friend 's house .
2	I did n't see the barbed wire fence at the bottom of the hill .	When I was a little girl , I had a sled .	One afternoon , I was sledding fast through snow .	As soon as I saw the fence , I ducked down .	I saved my own life by acting quickly that afternoon .
1	While out fishing , an alligator came up to him near the shore .	One day , James went out to fish at the ake .	The gator became excited and lunged towards James and the fish .	Frightened , James escaped away from the alligator unharmed .	The following day , James decided to no longer fish at the lake .
0	Raya went to visit her family in Iran .	She had never seen the country before .	She thought it was noisy and dirty !	She spent two weeks there visiting her family .	She was glad to return home to America .
1	He thought that a man was out to kill him .	Jon was a schizophrenic .	In reality , the man was a figment of his imagination .	Nevertheless , Jon did not know the difference between fact and fiction .	Ultimately , Jon lived his whole life in fear of the man .
4	After that Kevin and his daughter had a very close relationship .	Kevin was a father who did n't get a chance to see his daughter often .	One day he had time off and went to visit her in the country .	She was n't very happy to see him because he was gone a lot .	However one day she got in trouble and Kevin rescued her .
0	Pavel is excited to vote in the presidential election .	He 's reviewed his candidates .	He 's made himself informed .	He arrives at the polls .	He 's happy to participate in the political process .
3	It took hours .	John is a plumber .	He got called out for a tough job yesterday .	He had to replace an entire hot water heater .	He did not get home until very late that night .
1	His friends made fun of the kind .	Kevin bought a new car .	He said it was economical .	One day his friend ran out of gas .	Kevin had to help him out and made fun of him .
4	Amy loved that beautiful fall day that felt like summer .	Amy awoke to see the sun was shining bright in the fall .	She went to the door and it was warmer than expected .	She sat on the porch enjoying the sun .	Her niece came out with her bike and began to ride .
0	The other day I was working the cash register .	A company bought a phone with cash .	It was n't until after he left that I noticed the bills were fake .	I told my supervisor immediately .	They had to call it in the proper authorities .
4	She climbed in the back seat , and they drove to the cemetery .	The funeral was over and everyone was leaving .	Gina sat and held her grandma 's hand while her mother got the car .	Gina grabbed her grandma 's purse and helped her to the car .	She held her arm and lowered her into the front seat .
0	My friend introduced me to a close friend of his .	I asked her out on a date to get to know more about her .	When we arrived to the restaurant , she was very outspoken .	However , she only asked me questions about myself .	When I decided to ask , she barely had anything to say .
1	She begged her mom to buy her a new pair .	Elizabeth wanted a new pair of shoes .	Her mom said that she would have to earn the money .	Elizabeth spent the next few weeks doing all the chores she could .	She saved enough money and bought the shoes .
3	Simon put on his shoes and clipped the leash to the dog .	I walk my dog every morning .	This morning I had a terrible headache .	I asked my son Simon if he could take the dog out .	Simon took the dog for a leisurely walk around the block .
4	But Charles showed his mother the cash and she made him return it .	Rakesh was 10-years-old and his parents owned a motel .	They believed their son Rakesh should have money to buy things .	Rakesh bought toys from the hobby store , but his friend did n't .	Rakesh gave his friend , Charles , $ 75 !
2	That night he sleeps more deeply than normal .	Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise .	He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed .	He decides to take a walk every night before going to bed .	Martin is very happy he is getting more exercise .
3	I added my friends and put up a picture .	My friends always asked me if I had a facebook account .	I realized that I needed to sign up .	I sat down at a computer and set up my account .	Later , I was glad I had signed up .
3	She says she wo n't keep it but probably will .	Tammy always had a soft spot for cats .	She found a stray on the way home last week .	She picked it up and took it home with her .	That 's three cats she 's gotten that way already .
4	He pulled again and the laces got taunt .	Gus attempted to tie his shoes .	He gave a final pull and the laces did not get taunt .	He looked at his work to understand what happened .	Gus undid his laced and gave it another try .
0	I bought a new shirt last week .	I really liked it at first .	Then I noticed it was really itchy .	I was n't sure what caused the itch .	I had to wind up returning it even though it looked good .
0	Stephen wanted to go outside but it was raining .	He decided to watch a movie in his room instead .	Suddenly , his power went out .	He looked out his window and saw a tree had fallen down .	It had hit electrical wires and sparks were flying everywhere .
1	She decided to go on top of the slides .	When the teacher dismissed us for recess , tony ran quickly .	Since her friends saw her , they dared her to jump .	She tried to make a major leap from the slide .	Her head got hit by a pole and her face landed on the ground .
3	The train rides high into the sky around the mountains .	Max was scared of heights .	He was in a road trip one day .	His friends dared him to right the visitors train .	Max nearly fainted .
2	When a local trivia contest was announced , her co-workers signed up .	Jan impressed her co-workers with her knowledge of game show trivia .	But , Jane knew the answers because she watched an earlier broadcast .	They told Jan they were sure to win with her on the team .	Jan said nothing and thought of quitting her job .
0	Ana lost a bet at the office Christmas party .	She had to wear antlers all the next day .	At first she greeted customers anxiously .	But then she saw that they were amused by her headgear .	Ana decided that the antlers were actually fun to wear !
1	She started feeling contractions and called her husband .	Kelly was pregnant .	He rushed over .	Immediately Kelly was rushed to the hospital .	The baby was born the next day .
1	Her grandmother had passed away the previous week .	Anette put on a wake for her grandmother .	Anette put together a playlist of her grandma 's favorite songs .	They were all upbeat rock & roll tunes .	Anette cried as she danced .
2	All the drivers seemed to be unsure .	Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign .	She did n't remember who arrived first .	They were all looking at each other .	Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first .
1	She had just gotten a new swimsuit .	Zoe loves to lay by the pool .	She decided to go tan .	When she got to the pool , she fell asleep .	Zoe is now sunburned .
4	Lara 's physical was short and painless .	Lara was on her school 's soccer team .	But she was required to get a physical .	Lara was afraid of going .	But her mother forced her to go .
3	Paloma is at her wits end .	Paloma 's husband is an alcoholic .	She covers up for him as if he is healthy .	He has an outburst at the mall destroying thousands in merchandise .	She eventually seeks long term help for him .
4	Luckily , her bridesmaids managed to help her calm down .	Mindy was getting married that day .	She was sitting in her living room , getting her makeup done .	Suddenly she realized how little time she had .	She began to panic .
4	I walked from the car and did n't look back .	I filled my car with one tank of gas .	I drove as far as I could before the fuel ran out .	The car coasted to a stop on the side of the road .	I got out of my car and threw the keys on the ground .
1	She came into her house but did n't take her shoes off .	On the way home from school , Anna stepped in a puddle .	She walked across the kitchen and into the family room .	Her mom found the wet footprints on the floor .	Anna 's mom made her clean up the wet footprints with a rag .
0	My fiancee and I are planning our wedding for this coming spring .	At first we considered inviting all of our friends and family .	As we talked we started to see that fewer people would be better .	In the end we decided just to invite our immediate families .	We hope our friends and extended family will understand !
1	She did not like her brown eyes .	Jessica was concerned about her appearance .	She visited an eye doctor .	She asked for colored contacts .	She received the colored contacts and really enjoyed wearing them .
4	Amy came in second place !	Amy went bowling with her friends .	She was n't a very good bowler .	She felt sure she 'd come in last place .	But she played surprisingly well .
3	After Bob was done , they all left , inspired .	Bob stood in front of the lectern and lectured .	He talked about the might and glory of a deity .	Bob 's audience listened with rapt attention and swayed .	Bob had convinced more innocents to become suicide bombers .
1	I out a lot of effort into my tree to make it nice .	For Christmas last year I made my house look great .	I hung beads and lights around it .	I also put fairies around the house .	Everything looked great .
4	He selected a four foot tall monkey .	Lou was playing the water gun game at a carnival .	He had spent his last dollar so he hoped he would win a prize .	He came in first !	He got to pick any prize he wanted .
3	They expected pizza or perhaps pasta .	Lou was Italian and he wanted to show off his ethnic pride .	He invited his family over for a native Italian dinner .	They were eager to see what he would cook them .	But Lou surprised them all with a delicious plate of meatballs !
0	I told the worker what items I wanted on my sub .	He began to prepare the sandwich .	As soon as he tried putting mayonnaise on it , the bottle broke .	All of the liquid spilled on my sandwich .	Thankfully , the store gave me a refund .
2	There , he asked a captain to give him a ride .	Ed wanted to go for a boat ride .	He went down to the marina .	The captain agreed .	Ed had a great time on his boat ride !
4	It looked lovely , and it was free !	Ang was looking for a wedding dress .	But all the nice ones were so expensive !	She really could not afford them .	Then she tried on her mother 's old wedding dress .
2	Tripping his way through the darkness to vomit , he slid down a slope .	Billy had been feeling ill for most the day .	When his unit went on patrol that night , the retching became too much .	Alarmed by his disappearance , his unit frantically searched for him .	The slope was only a slight drop , and Billy sheepishly rose , safe .
2	The person had earphones on .	Mike was sitting in class .	And he noticed someone next to him listening to music .	But the music was very audible .	Mike hated metal from then on .
3	I tried to open each of the 8 remaining hits .	I decided to make a lot of money on MTurk today .	I accepted 14 hits at one time .	I did the first 6 in an hour .	All had expired before I had the chance to complete them .
1	She was watching from the bench .	Amy 's team was playing their first volleyball game .	She was jealous of the girls who got to play .	She did n't want them to know , so she kept smiling and cheering .	Inside she was screaming .
1	He had been smoking for fifteen years .	Peter was trying to quit smoking cigarettes .	He was walking in a nearby park , smoking away one day .	He started talking to a man , and the man responded with a voice box .	He immediately put out his cigarette and never smoked again .
3	We hired a livery service for the wedding and reception .	We went to a wedding in December .	It was 50 miles away from our home .	Neither one of us drives very well .	We thoroughly enjoyed the wedding and the comfortable transportation .
0	Gina needed to get within eye shot of her crush Jamie .	She wanted him to see her and maybe talk to her .	As she began in that direction her friend Tami came over to her .	She wondered where Gina was going .	But Gina did n't want to tell Tami and seem like a silly little girl .
0	John wanted to learn how to play the violin .	He went to the music store to buy one .	He selected a cheap model that he thought would do for a beginner .	He started practicing and two strings broke right away .	John went back to the store and bought a better violin .
3	They agreed upon a sum of money and hired him .	Two men went to a bar together .	They were trying to find a pilot to take them to distant land .	The men met an experienced rogue pilot in the bar .	They all left the bar together and headed to the aircraft .
1	Some of my neighbors complain that it is too early to listen to music .	Every September I can hear the high school band practicing at 8 AM .	I happen to disagree with them .	I think it is wonderful to listen because those kids are working hard .	They could be doing way worse things than having band practice .
4	The boy picked the dog in the end .	A boy was looking through the window of a pet store .	He could n't decide between a cat or dog .	Suddenly , a dog licked the window .	The cat lounged around and was lazy .
3	The driver did not stop .	Stephanie was awakened by a loud noise .	She jumped out of bed and look out the window .	A car has struck her mailbox .	Stephanie was upset that she had to replace her mailbox .
0	Allan is the pastor of the First Baptist Church in his town .	He loves Sunday morning worship services in the main sanctuary .	His favorite song is called The Old Rugged Cross .	Last Sunday his wife surprised him with a party for his birthday .	We all sang The Old Rugged Cross instead of Happy Birthday .
1	All winter , Theo begged for cherries , but she rarely got them .	Theo loved cherries , but her mom could rarely afford them .	Then in the spring , an amazing thing happened .	The tree in Theo 's yard produced hundreds of cherries !	Theo was able to eat cherries all summer long !
3	Then he remembered the local roller rink was open .	John wanted to skate .	The ice rink was unfortunately closed .	John was disappointed .	He went and had a blast .
4	She understood because she thought that I was mad at her .	I came to school mad since I barely got sleep last night .	My friend greeted me and I gave her a mean look .	The next day , she began to ignore me .	However , I told her what happened during the day I was mad .
2	Fin filled out the application , and took the test .	Fin told everyone he had psychic powers .	Everyone told him to go take Randi 's million dollar challenge .	When he could n't do anything extraordinary , he blamed negative energy .	What the Randi Foundation said in response is too rude to print here !
3	Matt 's mike was not working !	Matt went onstage to perform .	He began to sing his song .	Then he noticed that it was very quiet .	None of the audience could hear his song .
1	My girlfriend showed me an audiobook app I can download .	I love to read books but I have no time lately .	I downloaded the app and now I listen to books non stop .	At the gym , at work , driving , or cleaning at home I 'm going listening .	I 've listened to over ten books in twenty days !
1	It spilled and moved all over the floor .	Gary bumped the hot sauce jar .	My mom smelled something and came outside .	She asked who did it and I was quiet .	My brother told her that I did it and she got mad .
1	She prepared fried chicken and mashed potatoes .	Sarah prepared a large meal for her family .	Her family devoured the meal .	They complimented her on her cooking .	Afterwards Sarah 's daughter helped her do the dishes .
1	One day there was a fire in the building her shop was in .	Amy had been running a cupcake shop for a year .	She had to close the shop to await repairs .	The building owner told her it would be over a month for repair .	Amy was disappointed to miss out on a month 's worth of business .
1	He went home and began to think of ideas for a painting .	A poor artist went to the store and bought some supplies .	He felt inspired and then painted a wonderful , detailed painting .	The day after he finished it , he brought it into his studio .	A few hours later , somebody bought the painting for a lot of money .
4	I left work at 6 PM and biked home in the night .	I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work .	I biked six miles through city streets to my job .	Breakfast was a doughnut and coffee in the lobby of my building .	I had to attend two meetings and write several reports .
1	He heard there were bears in the area but he ignored the warnings .	James lived near the edge of the State Forest .	One morning he awoke to the sound of a bear tearing through the trash .	He called animal control and had the bear relocated .	James will take the warnings more serious after the incident .
4	He never danced in the rain again .	Tim was walking home .	He got caught in the rain .	He decided to have fun and dance .	Then he got really sick .
3	So she decided to wait till the teacher was done teaching .	Gina 's wanted a unicorn folder like her friend Tami .	She had never seen anything like it .	She had already been in trouble for talking while the teacher was .	Once the teacher finished she asked Tami about the folder .
1	She was given a black lab to look after .	Myla decided to foster a dog .	She took care of the lab every day .	Many people came to look at the dog .	One day it got adopted by a friendly couple .
3	Together , they chopped it down .	Carlin took her family to a Christmas tree farm .	They went on a hayride through the trees .	Then , they chose a tree .	Finally , they paid for the tree and went home .
0	Cora was starting her job as a kindergarten teacher .	She worked that her young students would n't like her .	But her first day went very well .	All the kids had a great time .	At the end of the day , they all told her how much they liked her !
3	Just then the leash snapped and her dog ran across the street .	Lisa walked down the sidewalk on her morning walk .	She held her dog 's leash in her hand .	Her retriever tugged on the leash as Lisa followed .	Her dog was hit by a car and died .
1	They were in town and driving to her grandma 's house .	Gina 's family road trip was coming to an end .	Gina saw the Ice Cream parlor she loved .	It was almost winter and they were closed for the season .	Gina was sad since she was looking forward to going there .
1	I wanted to stay in school forever .	The first year of college was the fun .	I need to decide what to do with my life soon .	I want to get a job and start earning money .	I 'm excited to get out into the real world .
2	When she went to the salon it was a pain .	Lisa wanted a chemical treatment .	It was for her hair .	The smell was bad from the chemicals .	Her hair turned out good though .
2	Gerry went to the doctor .	Gerry was walking to work .	On the way , he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back .	He found out that he had fractured his spine .	Gerry was out of work for a few months .
0	Today I bought some yogurt .	Under the cap I found tickets .	I had win the prize .	I was elated .	I could n't wait to tell everyone .
3	I told him I saw the new movie .	I saw the new Star Wars movie this month .	My four year old neighbor Joe is a big fan .	He has n't seen the movies but knows all about them .	He surprised me by saying he knew Hans Solo was killed .
3	As the ball flew from his hands , the stadium was practically silent .	Tommy caught the past with only seconds left on the clock .	The team was behind two points and he had to score or they would lose .	He knew he did n't time to get in close so he took a shot at half court	The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net .
1	She said she was raising money for hungry children .	Sandra saw a girl on her campus asking for donations .	Sandra followed the girl to her car .	And she saw the girl take money from the donation box .	Sandra recorded it and showed it to school authorities .
1	But he could not get it to work !	Ken had just bought a new computer game .	So he called a smart friend over to help him install it .	His friend got it figured out in no time .	Soon the two boys were gaming together happily !
4	When the visit is over , Lorraine feels happy to be home .	Lorraine has n't seen her brother in two Year 's .	She decides it is finally time for a visit .	Lorraine takes the long drive to Idaho where her brother lives .	They have a reasonably pleasant visit .
2	Roy Halladay was scheduled to pitch for the Phillies .	My friend Kyle works for the Philadelphia Phillies .	In 2010 , he gave me tickets to a playoff game .	Amazingly , he ended up throwing a no-hitter .	I will remember that game for the rest of my life .
3	He became very good after much practice .	Bill always liked music .	He did n't play any musical instruments .	Bill decided he was going to learn to play guitar .	Today , Bill has his own band .
1	The reason is Charles did n't list his previous phone job experience .	Frank did n't want to hire Charles as a telemarketer .	But Charles did n't consider that job a professional job .	Frank was offended and did n't offer Charles a position .	Frank 's boss was upset and demanded Frank hire Charles .
0	A mom took her two kids to the park .	The oldest kid played on the jungle gym .	The youngest kid played in the grass .	It began to rainy .	The mom and two kids ran to the car laughing .
3	She asked her grandma to teach her .	Suzy was paying her grandmother a visit .	Grandma was busy making a crochet scarf .	Suzy thought it looked very interesting .	Now Suzy is working on her own scarf .
4	He laughed all the way to the bottom !	Jen climbed all the way up the stairs .	There was a huge water slide at the top .	He was excited until he looked down .	He took a deep breath , jumping in .
4	He cut down a tree and fixed it .	Sam loved to go to the cabin .	His family went there every summer .	This summer when they arrived at the cabin .	Sam seen there was a hole in the wall .
0	Dan finds out his grandmother keeps her money under a mattress .	He begs her to put it in the bank but she refuses .	After months of pestering , she relents .	Two weeks later her house is destroyed in a fire .	She thanks Dan for saving her money .
3	All day people stopped him to add something to his cast .	Joe broke his leg playing soccer .	He was in a full cast .	When he went back to school all the kids wanted to sign it .	It was full from top to bottom by the time he got home .
0	Ben walked into the taxi .	After the driver received the money , he drove off .	They were on the road for 10-15 minutes .	In addition , Ben noticed that the driver passed his stop .	He began to head towards an abandoned house .
0	Winter break ended and it was time to go back to school .	Kelly was ready but quite disappointed .	She knew vacation would n't last forever .	The moment she woke up she did n't want to get up .	The only positive was that she could see her friends .
1	Suddenly , she noticed a garage sale .	Cathy was riding her bike through her neighborhood .	She decided to check it out .	At the sale , she found an awesome bike basket .	She bought it and put it on her bike .
3	I happened to love it .	Yesterday Kanye released his new song .	The song was called real friends .	When I listened to the song it was great .	I recommended it to all my friends .
3	Gina 's phone was of little use since there was no signal .	It was almost 2 AM and Gina sat in the backseat bored .	Her mother was awake , and her dad was driving .	Everyone else was in a deep sleep .	She put the phone away , and went back to sleep .
4	She picked her car up and it was as good as new .	Jenna 's car was making sounds whenever she pressed the brakes .	She took it into her mechanic .	Her mechanic told her she needed new rear brakes .	Jenna dropped off her car and waited a week .
0	Lea likes to help her mother cook in the kitchen .	She decided to make brownies .	She gathered all the ingredients , including her favorite chocolate .	She mixed them up in a bowl and spread the mix in a pan .	Lea cooked the brownies and served them warm for dessert .
1	They argued all day .	Sam was arguing with Tim .	It was over which color was the best .	They realized that the argument was stupid .	The made up and hugged .
3	The hotel clerk informed her that the hotel used stock photos online .	Meisha checked into her hotel room .	The room looked nothing like the picture .	Meisha inquired about the rooms in the pictures .	Meisha promptly requested a refund .
4	His friends all laughed at him until he cried .	Timmy 's first day of little league went badly .	He did n't even get to play .	Being out in the sun made him sick .	He threw up in the dugout .
2	Jack White screamed and flung his guitar against the wall .	Carol went to the concert with her friend Amethyst .	They snuck backstage together to get a look at Jack White .	It shattered into a million pieces .	Amethyst picked up a piece and together the two girls ran away .
4	Then , she scolded him and grounded him for not being careful .	Jon was playing outside .	He scraped his knee .	He went inside to get help from his mom .	His mom put a bandage on his knee .
4	After looking over the menu she decided on a chocolate sundae .	It was Sunday and Janice was looking forward to getting ice cream .	She went with her family every Sunday after church .	When they got to the ice cream shop there were a bunch of new flavors .	Janice just could not choose .
1	She followed the exact recipe her mom always used .	Whitney made potato soup for her mom .	Her mom ate a bowl with no complaints and said it was tasty .	Whitney finally tried a bowl and it was lumpy and disgusting .	She was heartbroken that she had messed up her mom 's famous soup .
4	There were 5 times as many cars at the intersection .	Gina was at a stop sign at a minor intersection near her house .	The intersection rarely had traffic .	But during rush hour a few cars backed up waiting for their turn .	Today it was rush hour , and a snow storm .
2	Pam explained her situation to the service technician .	Pam 's smart phone was malfunctioning .	She went to the store where she bought her phone .	The technician immediately blamed Pam for the damaged phone .	Pam spoke with the manager who apologized for the inconvenience .
0	Carrie walked her dog past the bakery every day .	The dog always barked seeing the goodies in the window .	Today Carrie tied the dog outside and went into the bakery .	She came out and split a jelly doughnut with her dog .	Carrie has the happiest dog in the neighborhood .
2	Marco put a bag in the microwave .	Marco and his friends were watching a movie .	Someone suggested that they make popcorn .	Then , he went back to hang out with his friends .	Marco became distracted , and the popcorn burned on accident .
1	Her niece and nephew came out and decided to help .	Amy was raking the leaves in her mother 's yard .	The kids began to jump on the large pile of leaves .	Amy later realized they had strewn the leaves back all over the yard .	Amy spent another 30 minutes cleaning up the mess of leaves .
2	It was cinnamon .	Lucy woke up Saturday morning to a wonderful smell .	She could n't tell what it was right away .	Her mother had made her special homemade cinnamon rolls .	She rushed downstairs to get one before her brother ate them all .
0	Justin liked to throw rocks .	He would throw rocks as far as he could .	Justin broke his Mom 's window with a rock .	The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television .	Justin promised to never throw rocks again .
2	One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he was out of coffee .	Jim needed his morning cup of coffee to function .	His morning routine had been set for fifteen Year 's .	This had never happened to Jim before .	Jim went to work that day a groggy , under-caffeinated grump .
2	She had no choice but to agree .	The class bully told Tina to let him copy her test .	Tina was afraid of him .	But after the test , she told the teacher what had happened .	The teacher believed Tina and gave the bully a zero on the test .
0	Allie shared a room with her step-sister .	Her step-sister did not like Allie .	One day she locked Allie out of their bedroom .	She send her mean notes through the door .	Allie decided to sleep in the living room that night .
1	He rushed through traffic .	Frank had to get to a meeting .	All of a sudden his car started giving him a warning .	He pulled over and realized there was a nail in his tire .	He used a tire patching kit and drove to his meeting on time .
2	In the distance a fire truck drove towards him .	A boy hear a siren outside the house .	He ran outside to see what it was .	He waved at the firemen as they passed .	One of the firemen waved back at the boy .
1	She was not sure which one would be best .	Only two buses went anywhere near Laura 's street .	She decided to take the first one that came .	It headed in the right direction but then turned around .	Laura had to get off and walk two miles home .
0	Last night I was chatting with Chandler on instant messenger .	I had n't seen him in a long time and we decided to have dinner .	I went over and lucked out , he was making ribs !	We had a great night over dinner hanging out .	I went home that night with a full belly and heart .
1	She went to her local Mexican restaurant .	Sarah was feeling hungry .	She ordered steak tacos .	She received chicken tacos instead .	She had to wait 10 minutes before she got the correct order .
4	It was a breathtaking experience and we want to visit again .	My husband wanted to take a trip to Niagara Falls .	We went in Dec .	It was so cold .	Niagara Falls was almost frozen over .
2	She hopped in the car and looked back at the house .	Gina was excited to be leaving Illinois and going back to Minnesota .	The visit had been way too long .	It struck her they would n't be visiting this house anymore .	She did n't realize she would never see the house again .
3	But while she was running it flew out of her hands .	Sally had a pinwheel playing outside .	She would blow on it and it would spin .	She could run around and make it spin also .	Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground .
0	Mike decided to volunteer for a farm .	He met great people .	And he enjoyed taking care of animals .	He felt sad when the day was over .	But he was given lots of free vegetables .
1	It was a doodle of a pirate .	Emma woke up and noticed something on her window .	She could n't figure out who had put it there .	She asked around and no one would claim it .	Finally , her friend called and admitted that she had done it .
1	She never had a pet before .	Tina always wanted a kitten .	Finally her parents said she could get one .	Tina was excited .	She finally picked one out .
2	The teacher was a 23-year-old Asian female who charged $ 20 per lesson .	Anthony , 23 , checked craigslist for local piano instructors .	He visited the home of a piano teacher in his area .	Anthony signed up and then determined she was single .	But who Anthony thought was her brother was really her husband .
4	Today was her first day as a corrections officer !	Emily was going to jail , and she was excited .	She had been trying for years .	Finally she got what she wanted .	She was so eager and happy .
4	He knew he must request a transfer .	The two friends hated their job .	It was slowly driving a wedge between them and they knew it .	Charles knew he must make a change .	He made a phone call and requested an appointment with his boss .
3	The phone rang and rang .	One day jim found a phone number in a book .	It was written in the cover .	He called the number hoping to speak to someone .	He hung up because nobody answered the phone .
1	I refused .	My boss wanted me to work overtime .	She said I would have to work overtime or pass up a promotion .	In response , I told her to go jump off of a building .	She fired me on the spot .
4	Mel was now officially a published writer !	Mel loved writing poetry and wanted to be published .	She entered her poems into contests , but never won .	Still , she remained resolute and kept trying .	Finally a small in location accepted a poem .
3	A girl walked in and wanted Amy 's chair so she could sit with a friend	Amy had Home Ec for her 3rd class .	It was her first day in junior high , but she felt comfortable .	She sat down in an empty chair .	Amy was embarrassed as she walked across the room to another chair .
0	Misty loved to sing .	She also liked Billy .	She wrote a song about Billy .	Now Misty and Billy date .	They are even going to have a child soon !
2	Howard thought hard about the process and called in an employee .	Howard received a call from his boss one day .	He was told to fire an employee to cut costs .	While calling in the employee , his boss changed his mind .	Howard told the employee nevermind and went back to work .
0	Allie did n't own many purses , but was attached to the few she had .	She had a particular favorite that she carried with her almost daily .	Eventually the old purse developed a large rip that could n't be fixed	Allie sadly admitted she needed a new one and went shopping .	She missed her old purse , but began to love the new one just as much .
3	He was able to update the operating system .	My computer broke .	I figured out something was wrong with the hard drive .	I took it to my friend to fix .	Now my computer works again .
3	Tony pulled out a little blue box .	Tony and Marie have been dating for 5 years .	So , he decided to take their relationship a step further .	He took Mary out for a romantic dinner .	He proposed to his love on Valentine 's Day .
3	Ron walked for an hour every day .	Ron 's doctor told him that he needs to exercise an hour every day .	Ron was reluctant to follow his doctor 's advice .	But he wanted to become healthier .	And after a month , he noticed himself looking thinner .
0	When he went to the game , he thought everyone had new jerseys on .	What he did n't know was many of those jerseys are fake .	There are a number of sites that sell these fake jerseys .	They look similar , but are of poor quality and are much cheaper .	So just because they look similar , does n't mean they are real !
3	We stared at each other for what felt like a very long time .	I was out walking by the river one night .	It was dark and snowy .	I saw a wolf standing by a snow bank .	I slowly backed away and went home .
0	Gina had spent 4 hours enrolling in a new high school .	She was hungry .	The lady doing the enrollments announced a lunch break .	Gina was excited to get a break .	Her joy turned sour when she realized she had no friends at lunch .
2	Andrew mowed his friends lawn .	Andrew needed money for a video game .	His friend offered Andrew sixty dollars to mow his lawn .	He got the sixty dollars .	He loved his new video games .
2	I put the supplement on her food .	My dog kept getting sick .	I bought a supplement that promised to cure her .	She ate the food , but threw it up .	She was even sicker than before .
3	Sam also helped Sara develop better manners .	Sam was always quiet and reserved .	One day Sam met Sara and they both fell in love .	Sara helped Sam come out of his shell .	Sam and Sara are glad they met each other .
1	The only thing stopping him was the cost of the ring , it was too much !	Tom was going to ask Ann to marry him .	Tom got a part time job as a bartender and saved up a lot of money .	Tom went out and bought the engagement ring .	He popped the question and is now married to Ann .
2	Eventually , I could n't hold it any longer and I threw up .	My Dad was driving my friend and I to school .	Was n't feeling too well , but was trying to tough it out .	My Dad was covered in puke .	My Dad started to curse and my friend was laughing .
1	He was trying to feed it one day when it escaped its cage .	Frank had a pet bird .	It began flying through his house , scaring everyone .	Suddenly , it stopped on his sister and pooped .	Frank was able to catch it and put it back .
1	He always expected his parents to cook for him .	Stanley got extremely furious when there was no cooked food home .	When they came home , Stanley yelled at them .	His parents asked why he ca n't learn to cook for himself .	He said that it was n't necessary since he was living with them .
1	Finally his friends convince him to eat at an Indian restaurant .	Alex has always avoided eating unfamiliar foods .	He tries a chicken curry .	Alex is amazed by how delicious the curry tastes .	He decides that he will try many new foods .
4	That night , Laura surprised her mom with a cake and the new cat .	Laura 's old cat had died when she was little .	Laura 's mom missed having a cat , and it was her mom 's birthday .	Laura 's friend at school was moving , and had to give away her cat .	Laura brought a carrier to school , brought the cat home , and hid it .
4	Now Tim does n't have a car to drive .	Tim was driving down the road .	All of a sudden , a dog came out into the street .	He swerved and hit a tree .	Tim 's car was totaled .
1	She often talked on her phone while driving .	Nora was n't a very careful driver .	One day , she ran into a fire hydrant .	The officer ticketed her .	Now , Nora is more careful when she drives .
3	Tom joined the football team .	Tom was considering playing football in high school .	He asked his parents for advice .	He parents said that team sports build character .	Tom had fun , bonded with teammates , and loved the comradery .
4	I was disappointed as i headed back home .	I am an avid coin collector .	I went to the local coin dealer last week .	I was looking for a specific coin and asked if he had it in stock .	The coin dealer informed me that he did not have it .
1	He signed up for a woodshop class .	Tom was a middle school student .	He learned a lot about making things with wood .	He used many pieces of construction equipment .	He made a large wooden chair he brought home .
1	The bunny really likes to hop around my backyard .	Today I bought a new bunny .	The bunny found my garden and ate most of the flowers .	I decided to put a fence around my flowers .	The bunny can no longer eat all of my flowers .
4	The cake burnt to a crisp , so it was my surprise cake !	I decided to make a cake to surprise my husband .	I made sure I had all the ingredients .	I mixed the cake and popped it in the oven .	The phone rang and I forgot about the cake .
0	Lisa got a freshly baked bread to try .	She tried it and it was delicious .	However later that night she got sick .	She went to the doctor .	She found out she had a gluten intolerance .
1	One time she met a Unicorn named Francis .	Beth would dream of the most wonderful places to visit .	They played and laughed together in the candy fields .	Sometimes Francis would let her ride him and they would fly !	Beth loved her time with her friend in her dream playtime .
1	She was nervous and worried about how she would sound .	Kayla had her first clarinet concert tonight .	When she walked up on stage , she got to her seat .	The concert started .	As she started to play she sounded great .
2	The ground shook and shuddered before suddenly stopping .	Barney fearfully huddled in his foxhole as the barrage came down .	He saw the tops of trees splintering and crashing toward the ground .	To his amazement , he watched as a deer slowly walked by in the lull .	When the barrage restarted , he found that he was no longer in despair .
0	I was so excited for High School .	When I got there it was terrifying .	The kids were always fighting .	One day a girl tried to fight me .	My mother pulled me right out of that School .
4	Fred went home and played the two games all evening .	Fred always received a generous allowance from his parents .	That 's why it was strange to his friends that Fred would shoplift .	Fred was at the mall looking for his next opportunity .	He went into the game store and lifted two games .
2	He tried multiple concoctions and experiments .	The scientist needed to find a vaccine for the virus .	He studied the past work of his peers .	Then , he stumbled upon a cure .	The scientist 's hard work was able to help save many lives .
3	No one at the birthday party thought much of it at all .	Paul bought a small gift for Cindy for her Birthday .	He did n't spend a lot of money , but he spent a lot of time choosing .	The gift was a small brass mouse with a long tail .	Cindy knew it was the most thoughtful gift she got that day .
1	For my birthday , he gave me one of his paintings .	My son was a painter .	It was ugly .	But , to show my love I hung it up in my living room .	My son was happy and our relationship grew stronger .
2	Andrew went to the store and bought a very large coffee .	Andrew was very drowsy .	He needed to go to work soon .	He drank the coffee in one sitting .	Now Andrew is very alert .
3	IPA is short for India Pale Ale .	I like to drink craft beers .	On Monday we we went out to dinner .	I had a local IPA .	My drink was good but so strong I had only half .
3	He went to the doctor to cure his illness .	My friend Jake ate a burger .	He had a weird feeling in his stomach after eating it .	Several hours later he fell ill .	His doctor gave him antibiotics to get better .
0	Jacob woke up at a red light .	This was the second time that this had happened this week .	He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor 's appointment .	When they arrived , the doctor explained what narcolepsy is .	Now Jacob only wakes up in his bed .
1	She went to the doctor to find out why .	Sarah was not feeling well .	The doctor said Sarah had a cold	He gave her some medication to help .	The next day , Sarah felt better .
3	They worked on the house many hours for months .	Lucy and Rick bought a house for a good price .	The house needed a lot of work .	Rick was very handy and Lucy loved to help .	Then they sold the beautifully renovated house for a huge profit .
2	The first hour was spent mixing lemonade .	Dennis wanted to earn money for himself .	He created his own lemonade stand .	The rest of the time he was selling lemonade .	At the end of the day he made 25 dollars .
3	Abby finds the class interesting , but very difficult .	Abby will graduate next year with a degree in English .	However , she sometimes wants to know more about science .	She decides to enroll in an introductory Chemistry course .	After graduation , Abby remembers her Chemistry course fondly .
0	Bill often crafted custom bows for hunters .	One day he came across the perfect wood in the forest for bows !	He cut down the tree and started crafting bows out of it .	The bows were so well balanced that all the pro 's wanted one !	Bill sold his bows for millions to the enthusiasts !
2	Then I went off to join the Army .	Ava and Ari fought all the time .	Ava often wished she had no brother .	In his absence , Ava noticed a strange thing .	She actually missed her brother Ari !
1	To fix her loneliness she decided to adopt a kitten .	When Mary 's husband died she was very lonely .	She named the kitten mitten .	She loved the kitten very much .	After mitten came into Mary 's life she was n't lonely any more .
3	Then suddenly Seth started to feel remorse for the man	One day Seth was walking down the street	He ran into a homeless man begging for change	Seth quickly shrugged him off and walked past	He turned around and gave him everything he had
3	Gina hesitated but she still put the tape in the deck .	Gina 's friend wanted to see her brothers NWA tape .	Gina was scared , but she showed her anyway .	After seeing it she wanted to listen to it .	They listened quietly so that her mother would n't hear them .
3	Ted hated vegan food .	Ted loved eating meat .	However his girlfriend was vegan .	He could never decide on where to eat .	Ted finally found an all you can eat buffet for both of them .
2	A blue book about fishing caught his eye .	Bill went to the library to check out a book .	He wandered the stacks to find a good one .	Bill took it to the front desk .	The librarian said he could n't take it out unless he paid an old fine .
4	Some stranger had picked it up and handed it back to her !	Amy recently had an interesting day .	She took the subway to work like she does everyday .	But as she left the subway she realized she had lost her phone !	She ran down the subway entrance trying to look for her phone .
0	Joshua could n't afford the assigned textbooks .	His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars .	He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters .	Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors .	Joshua made the choice that felt right and just .
0	Tom decided to start working out this year .	He researched different gyms in his hometown .	Eventually Tom found a gym that was perfect for him .	He started going regularly .	Now Tom is in terrific shape .
2	There were all kinds to choose from .	Elizabeth wanted a puppy .	Her daddy took her to the animal shelter to look .	She looked in the last cage , and in the corner was a small black puppy	Elizabeth picked it up and it was instant love , and home they went .
4	Now other people love the internet because of Mike 's website .	Mike spends a lot of his time on the internet .	He really loves the internet , and learns a lot from websites .	So he decided he would make his own website .	Mike 's website ended up being a success !
1	Terra was visiting those swamps , but did n't believe the hype .	Deep in Louisiana swamps , there was a legend of ghosts haunting .	One night , her and a friend went walking through the swamps .	Soon , they heard loud screams and loud banging !	The ran away fast and went home the next morning .
2	The person got angry and pushed him .	Jordan was walking towards the building .	By accident , he stepped on someone 's new pair of shoes .	He also started to throw a few punches .	Jordan tried to dodge them .
1	On the first cold day , she proudly wrapped the scarf around her neck .	Penny could n't wait to wear the new scarf her mom knitted .	Penny headed out , unaware the end of the scarf stuck in the door .	Penny entered school , expecting to hear compliments on her scarf .	She looked down to see all that remained of it was a strand of yarn .
3	Finally , they were ready to harvest .	Leon grew potatoes in his garden .	He planted them carefully .	He watered them every day .	The potatoes were an excellent reward for his hard work .
4	It started to rain again after I finished my last mile .	I went running this morning .	While I was running it started to rain .	I ran under a bridge for cover .	Once it stopped I continued running .
1	Then she thought of a calorie-sensible alternative .	Ani loved banana milkshakes , but they were thickening her waistline .	She blended up frozen bananas and other fruits with ice and yogurt .	The mixture turned into a sweet , fruity smoothie .	Ani thought her healthy solution was delicious !
1	She looked at the clock .	Gina was waiting for the principal .	It said it was 1:05 PM .	But Gina had no idea when she arrived .	She realized she had no way of knowing how long she had been there .
2	I was unable to pass a certain boulder about eighty feet up .	Last week I went rock climbing with my friend Matt .	I was climbing well until we got to a certain route .	Matt was able to get passed it with ease .	I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt .
2	Josh invited Phyllis to go apple picking and bake a pie .	Phyllis was excited when an astrophysicist asked her out .	Josh was successful , young , funny , smart and loyal .	Josh stuck to that plan and was too awkward to make a move .	Phyllis went home and never returned his calls .
3	Amy tried to find out what happened , but Ali was n't talking .	Amy had taken her sister Ali with to a friends house .	Ali had gotten into a fight with the friends little sister .	Amy chased Ali as she stomped down the street .	Amy was dreading going home knowing her mother would blame her .
0	Gina had a bed , dresser , and 2 armchairs in her room .	She still felt she needed more .	She grabbed the stereo from her old room .	Her sisters were upset , and protested .	Gina did n't care , the stereo was hers and she was taking it .
4	Amy had to walk around the rest of the day with a stained shirt on .	Amy was on lunch break with her friend Beth .	Amy was drinking a Coke .	She was startled when Dave walked up behind her .	Amy spilled half the soda down her white shirt and on her pants .
3	His mother gave him soup and vitamin C .	Tom had a cold .	He coughed and sneezed .	He did n't know what to do .	After that Tom felt much better .
0	My eyes had been hurting .	I went to see an eye doctor .	They told me I need to start wearing glasses to reduce eye fatigue .	I picked out some nice frames .	Two weeks later they were ready , and I was now a glasses wearer .
4	The group never held the disgusting contest again .	Everyday a group of high school students held a contest at lunch .	They mixed pizza , milk , corn , and everything the cafeteria offered .	Students in the group dared each other to eat the mishmash for money .	One day , a student threw up in class after lunch .
3	He went with her .	Marco never asked a girl to a school dance .	He was afraid because he did n't know how to slow dance .	Eventually a girl asked him to go instead of him asking her .	And during the first slow dance he stepped on her toes and fell down .
3	She wanted to create the perfect app for new moms .	Chloe was a new mom .	She was trying to find a good app for tracking her breastfeeding .	One night she got a great idea .	The next day she contacted some people and got the app started .
3	Jenna screamed in terror .	Jenna had a phobia of snakes .	She was walking home from class one evening .	All of sudden she saw movement in the grass .	A snake crawled within a few feet of her .
0	Marie wanted to be an astronaut when she grew up .	Marie 's dad laughed and told her it was a ridiculous goal .	Marie spent the next decade studying hard .	She accepted a job at NASA .	She became an astronaut !
4	Pete went home to practice for the kazoo tryout .	Pete wanted to join the school marching band .	He tried to learn to play the trumpet .	He failed the audition for the trumpet section .	The director suggested that he switch to kazoo .
4	He got her number .	Derek went to the bar .	He has had a long , upsetting day .	He started talking to the bartender .	They ended up liking each other .
0	Yesterday , Greg woke up feeling ill .	He had a headache and felt nauseous .	He went to the doctor to get it checked out .	The doctor told him he had the flu .	He spent the rest of the day resting to get better .
2	Bob practiced for Years .	Bob wanted to be a professional soccer player .	Bob was bad at soccer .	Bob got to college and played soccer .	Bob got scouted and became a professional player !
3	Afterwards , she planted the trees in the holes .	Martha wanted to do something to help the environment .	She went to her gardening store and bought a couple trees .	She dug holes in her backyard .	She watered them and cared for them until they grew big .
3	The next day he got a call .	Sam needed help to move a couch in his house .	He made a flyer asking for a strong helper .	He tacked it to every telephone pole around his house .	The caller said he was strong and could help Sam .
2	Day after day , she would watch stock prices rise and fall .	Sally decided to invest in Apple .	She put a pretty considerable amount of money into that stock .	After a few years , she did not notice anything change .	She recently pulled her stock out .
0	Beth decided to color her hair blonde at home .	She read the instructions and thought she understood them .	The box said to leave on for 2 minutes .	Beth mistakenly thought it was 20 minutes .	After 20 minutes Beth 's hair was not blonde , but orange .
3	Cal did n't have time to go back inside and grab a jacket .	Cal shivered in a t-shirt as the snow fell on him .	The weather forecast had called for seventy degrees and sunny .	It was twenty degrees and very cloudy with snow .	He ran all the way to his car and turned on the heat full blast !
4	Together they prayed that she would get better .	Mary was very sick .	She was in the hospital in poor condition .	Her family decided to pray for her .	They all came to her room and surrounded her .
3	Before I can capture it , it fell inside the sinkhole .	My mom asked for the car keys .	I threw the keys in her direction .	However , it landed in the sink .	We requested a plumber to remove the pipe in order to get it .
4	The check was nowhere to be found .	Jeff went to his boss to ask for his paycheck .	The boss opened up the store safe and took it out .	Jeff took the check and put it into his pocket .	Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check .
1	After finishing , I loaded my groceries into my car .	I was finishing up grocery shopping one day .	I climbed into the driver seat and drove home .	After getting home , I began to unload the groceries .	While unloading the groceries , I noticed that I forgot several bags .
2	I tried to walk back to the house and could n't .	My dog dug a hole in our backyard .	One night while I was walking , I fell in the hole .	My husband drove me to the hospital .	The doctor there said I had sprained my ankle .
1	It affected him so much , he got on drugs at age thirteen .	Antwan was very young when his mother died .	He stayed addicted to drugs into his adulthood .	His daughter was born one year , and that changed him completely .	He went to rehab and became the father he wanted to be .
3	William gave his mother the gift after their dinner .	It was William 's mom 's birthday .	William drove to the store to buy her a gift .	He found a nice dvd player and bought it .	She was very happy and hugged her son .
1	She was unsure of exactly what style she wanted .	Peyton decided she needed a new haircut .	The salon worker decided to be creative with the style .	Peyton 's hair came out uneven and too short on one side .	She left the salon sad , but relieved that it would grow back quickly .
1	As he headed into the second curve on the final lap his tire flew off .	Ken was driving his new sprint car at the race track .	His car spun out and was nearly hit by several other cars .	Everyone slowed to obey the yellow caution flag .	The wrecker pulled Ken 's car to safety in the middle of the track .
0	The jihadist called the support line with a complaint of an itch .	His vest bomb had been bothering him for the better part of a day .	The support tech requested the number to the mobile attached to it .	Promising only a quick tweak was necessary , the tech called the phone .	The support line went dead , and tech went back to reading his book .
0	Bill never liked sour cream as a kid .	As he got older he discovered he liked sour cream .	Bill developed an intolerance with lactose with age .	He began to take over the counter medicine when he ate dairy .	Bill now takes medication just so he can eat sour cream .
4	Proud of myself , I treated myself to a hamburger on the way home .	I got a hamburger on the way home from work .	Afterwards , I felt guilty about not sticking to my diet .	I ate an extra-healthy dinner that night .	The next day I had a nutritious breakfast and lunch .
2	One day , Mike had a guest in his house .	Mike 's room had many holes in its walls .	And it was because was because Mike was always angry .	And she wandered into Mike 's room without his permission .	Suddenly , Mike punched another hole in his wall .
0	Dan was playing in the yard at home .	There was a large old tree in his backyard .	Dan heard a creaking sound but was n't sure what it was .	Just then a large branch collapsed under the weight of snow .	Dan stared in shock at the narrowly missed fallen branch .
1	She did her best to bread and fry strips of chicken .	Ola wanted to make some chicken tenders for supper .	But her tenders just did n't come out tasting right for some reason .	Ola decided to give up and order takeout instead of cooking .	She ordered chicken tenders - and they were delicious !
2	All I could think about was the sweet crust and smooth texture .	My grandmother mailed me her amazing sweet potato pie .	I was looking forward to eating the pie all day .	As soon as I opened the front door I ran to the refrigerator .	That 's when I heard my husband ask me where did I get the amazing pie .
0	Amy loved eating pie , and she could eat a lot of it !	She decided to show off her skill publicly .	She entered a local pie-eating contest .	In front of the whole town , she competed for a trophy .	But sadly , Amy could n't eat enough pie to win the contest !
3	She wrapped the animal in a blanket , and fed her milk .	Joy was taking out her trash when she heard the tiniest of sounds .	A very young kitten lay on the ground , just a few feet away .	Joy picked up the kitten and took her inside .	Joy decided to keep the kitten as a family pet .
2	They enjoyed going head to head and were next up to race .	Jed and Jake were ready to show off their new hotrod .	They went down to the local raceway and signed up for a spot .	The revved their engines and tore down the raceway .	Jed ended up besting Jake by just milliseconds .
3	He loved the sport , but not the indoor temperature .	Jack lived in Canada .	He did n't like the cold , but he endured it .	One day , he went with some friends to a hockey game .	He did n't like that he had to dress for the cold inside as well .
4	John knocked the bounty hunter out and made his escape .	John lived in the desert with his wolf-dog hybrid Benji .	One day , a bounty hunter came looking for John .	John was wanted dead or alive .	Benji leapt at the bounty hunter and pinned him to the ground .
1	She could n't control his aggressiveness and excessive barking .	Kay was losing patience with her dog 's disobedience .	She read some books on the subject , but they only helped a little .	Finally she enrolled the dog in a professional obedience class .	The expert help did the trick and the dog was significantly improved .
3	He brings some friends in to help take care of them sometimes .	Stuart enjoys keeping mice in his basement .	He feeds and cleans them every day as a routine .	Sometimes he gives them cheese to cheer them up .	They find the mice to be cute and cuddly .
1	A squirrel ran out in front of her car .	Kathy was driving her car on the highway .	She swerved to avoid it but almost caused an accident .	She was honked at by two other cars that almost crashed .	She wondered after that if it was worth swerving in the first place .
4	Jane learned that squirrels are fast .	Jane saw a squirrel as she stood in her yard .	The squirrel was busy gathering nuts for the winter .	Jane thought she would try to catch the squirrel .	Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened !
1	She took it home and looked in the box .	Lisa wanted to buy a pizza .	The pizza was massive .	She could n't believe how large it was .	She could hardly finish it .
1	The shadow on the wall and screeching sound sent chills through her .	Brenda woke up from a heavy sleep .	She quickly picked up her phone and threw it at the sound .	Her phone flew out the window and hit a cat .	Brenda went outside to get her phone and bring her cat in .
3	I found out that my car did n't pass government emissions standards .	I was always a big fan of Volkswagen .	I needed a new car and knew I would buy a Volkswagen .	I bought myself a diesel Volkswagen Golf .	I was angry at Volkswagen for cheating me .
1	Emily was offended by this .	Gavin said that Emily was a bad cook .	She bought a cookbook .	She followed one of the recipes as best as she could .	Gavin changed his mind .
1	Suddenly , his son 's school called .	James was at work .	His son was sick .	Jame 's had to go to the school and pick him up .	Then , he took him home .
4	When she saw the dinner , she nearly cried with happiness .	Red was celebrating his tenth wedding anniversary .	He left work early that day .	At home , he cooked his wife a fancy dinner .	She was so surprised when she got home from work !
0	Ben and his wife hate their kitchen .	They have always planned to renovate the kitchen .	Unfortunately , they do n't have the money .	Ben decided he and his wife will do the renovations themselves .	The kitchen turned out better than they ever hoped .
1	One day another group of kids wanted to play on the same court .	Gavin and his friends always enjoyed playing basketball at the park .	Gavin proposed they share the court .	The other kids refused Gavin 's offer and challenged them .	Gavin 's team won and defended their right to the court .
3	Upon using them , he realized that the headphones were low quality .	George wanted the headphones that all of his friends were wearing .	However , they were three hundred dollars .	George finally gave in and forked over the money for them .	George felt ripped off and returned the headphones .
4	She said it was the best vacation ever !	The kids wanted to do something special for Mother 's Day .	They knew Mama wanted a vacation .	The built a pretend airplane and flew her to Fiji .	They had her lay down , made ocean noises and gave her a cold drink .
1	The kids had fun .	Ken took his kids to a photo shoot with him .	However unfortunately the kids got tired .	As a result they stopped cooperating .	Finally they had to stop shooting .
3	Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at the store .	Kevin needed to get a suit for an upcoming wedding .	There was a deal on suits so he bought two .	He decided to wear one out of the store .	Kevin called the store and agreed to pick them up later .
4	Carl finally found a job that he loved and his life was happy again .	Carl had a horrible job that he hated .	Every day as he went to work he thought about other things he could do	He knew that if he hated his job , that he would have a miserable life .	One day , Carl went to his boss and quit the job he hated so much .
1	She brought spare socks to her desk at work .	Kim was tired of her socks being wet in the winter .	One day her socks were soaked so she changed them .	She put her wet boots on to go to the bathroom .	Kim accidentally wet her spare socks in the process .
0	Nina was headed to college in Arkansas .	She was very nervous and quite reluctant .	In her first class , she noticed her old high school classmate .	She was so happy , so sat next to her .	They hung out everyday , after the first day .
3	I asked him to do so and he agreed .	The other day I was at the gym	A guy was using the weights .	After he was done he did n't put them back .	He apologized and I thanked him for doing so .
4	After about an hour she was able to make it around without falling .	Jenny had never been ice skating before .	She had roller skated so she thought it would n't be too hard .	She fell almost as soon as she got on the ice .	Ice skating was much harder than roller skating .
1	And he wanted something to drink .	Harry was at the mall .	He saw a coffee shop and got a cold brew coffee .	And he was instantly addicted .	Harry went back to the coffee shop three more times before going home .
1	She was measuring out the cocoa .	Kacie was making a batch of brownies .	Then she realized that she did n't have enough left .	For a moment she was not sure what to do .	Then , she decided to add some hot cocoa powder .
2	Her mother baked Ana a chocolate birthday cake .	It was Anna 's birthday !	She was turning 2 Years old !	Her father brought Ana a new doll as a birthday present .	Ana ate her cake and played with her new doll , and was very happy .
3	She was proud of herself when she went to bed .	Hannah had the day off from school for the snow .	She decided to build a giant snowman .	Hannah spent 3 hours building the giant figure .	However she was sad to woke up the next day and find it melted .
1	She sat down and wrote all the things she wanted for Christmas .	Miley 's mother asked her to write a Christmas list .	The list was not too long , but it had a good variety of items .	She gave the list to her mother , who was pleased to see it .	Then , Miley waited and dreamed of what she would get for Christmas .
4	They came to agreement to combine their favorite names into one .	Sue was due to have a baby girl .	She was very excited and wanted to pick a nice name .	Unfortunately Sue and her husband could n't agree on a name .	They both wanted two completely different names .
1	It was a Ford Taurus .	Patsy bought a new car to drive to work .	Her girlfriend said it was a lame car and she would n't ride in it .	Patsy said she did n't mind .	She made her girlfriend walk home herself .
0	Maria had to go grocery shopping .	SHe went to SHoprite .	She bought some eggs , veggies , and chicken .	Her bill ended up to be close to $ 50 .	She was satisfied .
4	He viewed it like America attacked him .	Donald wanted to meet an eagle .	This eagle represented America and was called Uncle Sam .	The eagle then attacked Donald .	Donald was upset about it .
3	It went out into the street on that throw along with Ruff .	Becca had a dog name Ruff .	She threw frisbee with him one day .	She threw it as hard as she could .	Becca still feels guilty about that day .
0	Dave felt badly about being overweight .	Dave found a series of videos about fitness on the internet .	He began studying these videos , making changes along the way .	Dave lost forty-five pounds !	Dave went on to run in a 5K and take third place .
4	They grounded her for a month .	Kim got a new tattoo without telling her parents .	She was afraid they would freak out .	For a while she hid it well .	Yet one day her parents found out .
4	Leah did not win the race because she was out of shape .	Leah rowed her boat every day .	She decided to enter a race to show off her rowing skill .	Instead of training for the race she relaxed at home .	On the day of the race she was unprepared .
2	Tom won the hand but was afraid to say so .	Jake loved gambling as much as he hated losing .	He and Tom were playing cards .	When he showed his cards , Jake started hitting him with a wooden slat .	Jake only stopped when his mom yelled at him .
1	One day , they all went to Jim 's house .	Jim , Tom , and Sally decided to form a study group .	They started to study .	But they decided to take a break .	They ended up playing video games the whole day .
1	He did n't know what it was .	Karl noticed a stain in his pants .	He reached into his pocket and his had became covered in ink .	His pen had broken .	It leaked all over and he had to buy new pants .
1	He went outside and saw that the volcano on his island had erupted .	Chang was finishing up lunch when all of a sudden he heard a noise .	Smoke poured out of the volcano .	Lava also began to flow .	The volcano stopped being active before the lava could damage the city
3	A kind stranger stopped and offered to help .	While on my way to work this morning , I got a flat tire .	I reached for my cell phone to call triple A .	It was then I discovered I had left my cell phone at home .	Unfortunately the spare was used on the other side last week .
1	She had run out of clean underwear .	Tammy had n't done the laundry in weeks .	Rather than do laundry she turned her current pair inside out .	She still went out that night .	The next day she finally did her laundry .
1	She wanted to watch it with her boyfriend .	Samantha had heard about a meteor shower that night .	They went to their yard but there was too much light pollution .	Instead , they quickly drove out of town .	Outside they were able to see all of the meteors well .
4	Kay looked on as Vina lovingly tended her new babies .	Kay let her cat Vina play outside in the day .	One day Vina looked as if she had put on weight .	The vet informed Kay vina was pregnant .	Vina gave birth to 5 little kittens who looked like her .
0	Susan had been saving for a long time .	Finally , she had enough for her dream vacation .	She went to Paris .	There , she saw all of the most famous sites .	It was the best trip of her life .
3	But Gina whispered loudly , hoping he would hear her .	Gina and her friend Tami were discussing the new boy in their class .	The were jealous he had gotten a brand new desk .	Tami whispered about the boy quietly .	But the boy either did n't hear , or did n't care what was being said .
1	I got soap and water and a sponge .	My kitchen floor was filthy .	I scrubbed the dirt off of the tile .	I got a towel and dried the floor .	I put the cleaning materials away .
0	Lynn and her friends had broken curfew .	They were in the basement after coming in a window .	With a Monopoly game in hand , they climbed the stairs .	When the door opened , her father turned from his sandwich and stared .	The girls pretended they went to get the game , and he believed them .
2	All he would do was sway .	My wife and I were trying to teach our two-year-old to walk .	He was able to stand but would n't move forward .	My wife turned on the radio .	We changed it to a dancing lesson .
0	Bob was taking a shower .	All of a sudden , his phone rang .	Bob could n't answer the phone while he was showering .	After his shower , he noticed it was a missed call for a job interview .	Bob did n't get the job because of his inability to take the call .
0	Anna always hated her big sister .	As kids , they did nothing but fight .	Even in high school , they bickered constantly .	But as they grew into adults , they became friends .	Eventually Anna realized her big sister was her very best friend .
1	We made out in my car for the rest of the night and morning .	I met a girl in a club and danced all night .	I got her number and was excited to continue .	I then found out she had a roommate , or boyfriend as I call it .	I ended things and felt bad for even being involved .
3	Lacy threw out all the meat in her home .	Lacy was never a vegetarian .	One day , she watched a documentary about animal cruelty .	She was convinced that she would never eat animal meat again .	She is now a practicing vegetarian for over 5 years .
2	But he noticed that there was hair in his burger .	Mike was at a burger restaurant .	And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake .	So he told the waiter about it .	Mike was n't given a new burger and he left .
1	After a couple of minutes , I forgot where my camp was located .	I walked into the forest .	For several hours , I tried to escape from the forest .	I ended up moving in circles since the forest was huge .	Around midnight , my friends found me .
1	Even when Becky played sports she chewed gum .	Becky loved the taste of bubble gum .	Becky 's volleyball coach told her to stop chewing while playing .	Even though she had been warned , Becky continued to chew .	Becky got gum stuck in her throat while playing a game .
0	Jake was driving	He was on the highway .	He started looking at his radio .	He veered to the side of the lane .	Jake hit another car and both crashed .
2	Mom tried calling him just to make sure he was there .	The kids were home from college but their father was still at work .	Their mother told them to go to his office and surprise him .	She never got an answer to her phone calls .	The kids found him dead in his office .
4	By the time I was 15 Year 's old I could play Beethoven .	When I was 12 I started taking piano lessons .	I was n't very good at first .	My fingers were too short to reach all the keys I needed to .	Over time , I grew and improved .
2	He liked his music , but longed for companionship .	Dell was a musician from Seattle .	He had traveled the world playing his music .	He searched dating websites for potential girlfriends .	He is now dating Sally who he is madly in love with .
4	All of the ornaments broke .	Ann wanted to decorate her tree for Christmas .	She went to the store to buy decorations .	Ann bought a set of ornaments for her tree .	She carried the box inside and tripped .
0	The doctor told me I was too fat .	He said I needed to lose thirty pounds .	He gave me an exercise program .	I followed the program for three months .	I lost the thirty pounds !
4	They both agree to never tell anyone before leaving immediately .	Bob is excited when one of his coworkers sets him up on a blind date .	The coworker tells Bob that this girl is perfect for him .	When Bob gets to the restaurant he is horrified .	The blind date is his sister .
2	While at the gym Johnny ended up making friends and enjoying himself .	Johnny was trying to get into better shape but was anxious about it .	He convinced his friend Jacob to go with him the first time .	Johnny quickly understood that everyone at the gym was there to help .	Ever since , Johnny has been the first to offer new people assistance .
4	We negotiated and eventually I got the raise .	It was a typical day at work and I was bored .	Today , I thought I will be a little adventurous .	I went to my boss 's office .	Then , I ask him if I can receive a small pay raise .
1	He was known as the greatest .	Adam was the fastest track runner on his team .	Many of his teammates did n't like him .	They one day tricked him to come to a party .	Everyone there took turns stabbing him and threw away his body .
3	Laura tried to find a quicker route to a restroom .	Laura was at a theme park .	She needed to use the restroom badly .	Every nearby bathroom had a giant line of people .	Finally , she spotted a family restroom hidden in the corner .
1	I would go to the fun lieus .	I dream of going to Hawaii .	I would get in a helicopter to view the mountains .	Then , I would surf the huge waves .	After all those things , I would wake up .
1	He wanted to impress his girlfriend by winning her a prize .	Willie was at a friend 's birthday party at an arcade .	He put a dollar in the crane game .	He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear .	His girlfriend loved it !
0	Jane walked to school every day .	One day while walking , Jane saw a small kitten all alone .	The kitten looked scared and Jane felt bad for it .	Jane reached down the pick up the kitten .	As Jane reached out , the kitten 's mother leaped out and bit Jane !
1	Suddenly , her dog started to bark at a bush .	Ann took her dog for a walk .	Ann peeked into the bush to see what he was barking at .	She was shocked to find a box with newborn kitten in it .	Ann took the kittens to the vet to make sure they were healthy .
0	Mark 's favorite team was playing football on television .	The team made lots of touchdowns during the game .	The players danced on the field when they scored a touchdown .	Mark cheered and laughed when he saw his team score .	Mark 's team won the game .
3	Dora had gained weight since then .	Dora bought a new dress for her reunion .	It fit tightly in the store a month ago .	One the night of the reunion it did n't want to zip up .	It crushed her emotionally and she stayed home .
1	He got comfortable in his easy chair , and opened his book .	It was a long day , and Albert was finally going to relax .	Suddenly the light bulb above him sizzled and shattered !	Albert went to the hospital with minor burns and scratches .	He sued the lightbulb company , and received a small settlement .
1	Then she realized she 'd forgotten to brush her teeth !	Ida arrived at school one morning .	She tried to cover her mouth with her hand all day .	She hurried to brush her teeth as soon as she arrived home .	Ida vowed never to forget to brush again !
3	After eating , I wanted to exercise instead of logging our specimen .	Today we went to the park with our paper and pencil .	We collected a couple of plant samples in the morning .	We were tired and ready for lunch by noon .	We played on the jungle gym and put off our work .
4	The boss was impressed by her level of commitment .	Amy had to meet an important deadline at work .	She was nervous because there was still so much work to do .	Amy worked through the night to finish .	The next morning she handed it in on time .
2	She hoped for a girl !	Melly wanted a baby daughter .	When her doctor said she was pregnant , she was so excited .	When it was time to learn the sex , she held her breath .	She was so happy when she heard she was having a girl !
4	My parents fired me and decided to do the chores themselves .	I hate doing chores so I never did them .	My parents decided to pay me for doing chores .	I negotiated a rate of ten dollars per hour .	After a week of work , I decided to increase my hourly rate .
4	The children enjoyed that Christmas break .	The children counted the days down till Christmas break .	They was so excited about getting 2 weeks vacation .	The big day came .	They was finally out for 2 full weeks .
4	Because he was not holding still , Rachael ended up getting a bath too .	Rachael has a dog named Beau .	Beaux does not like to take baths .	Rachael decided it was time Beaux needed a bath .	She had to drag him from his dog bed to the bathroom .
0	Esther was only thirty years old .	She walked a bit faster in anticipation of meeting her boyfriend .	He , twenty years her senior , met her in the park .	They walked for hours , enjoying each other 's company .	They both retired to their respective homes at the end of the evening .
0	The kids were counting down the days until Christmas .	They set out their stockings and went to sleep .	Santa came down the chimney and left presents under the tree .	He at the cookies that the kids left for him .	The kids woke up and opened presents .
1	I could not pay my utilities .	I lost my job .	So , the city turned off my heating and electricity .	Alas , it was winter .	I became sick due to how cold my house became without heating .
2	An employer calls him and schedules an interview .	Frank is unemployed and needs to find a job .	He decided to send his resume to employers on the internet .	Frank is nervous at the interview and forgets name .	He was never called back for a second interview .
2	We 'd then tell the girl we were in love with her .	My roommate , Rob , and I used to prank call girls on campus .	We 'd randomly call a girl , pretending to be in one of her classes .	Well , one of these girls asked if she could come over and meet us .	When she arrived , we realized it was my roommate 's sister !
2	She ended up burning everything .	Emma insisted she wanted to cook dinner .	Her husband , Tim , was skeptical .	Even the napkins were singed !	Luckily , Tim had preemptively ordered a pizza .
0	Gina was in the 9th grade .	She had a class with a cool boy named Duane .	He wanted to know what type of music she liked .	When she answered he laughed and said it was for kids .	Gina had n't realized she needed to change music she liked .
2	Tina was very said that her favorite dress was dirty .	Tina loved her white dress .	One day , Tina dropped some ketchup on her dress .	However , Tina 's dad cleaned her dress in the laundry .	The dress came out all clean and Tina was very happy !
2	Finally Tina showed up .	Lara was having a birthday party .	Everyone showed up except Tina .	When Tina showed up she was the last one .	Tina was upset she was late .
4	It added more color and fun to her house .	Ruth was painting her bedroom .	When it was all done , she saw that she had extra paint .	She decided to use it for a project .	She painted an old dining table .
4	She quickly tried to pick them up .	Fariah was walking to school .	A sudden gust of wind blew towards her .	In addition , several of her papers broke loose from her bag .	They landed in a small puddle .
0	It was still winter so Carrie went outside in her long coat .	Yet when she got into the backyard , she saw it was very hot .	She was sweating .	She immediately changed into short sleeves .	She could n't believe how hot it was .
2	He decided to post online asking for some help .	Jack was looking for something to eat .	He dug through his cabinets but there was nothing .	Suddenly , someone sent him a message .	Someone had sent him money for a pizza .
3	After several hours of not arriving , I looked at the GPS for problems .	I was invited to go to a family reunion by my mother .	On the day of the reunion , I put the location of the event in my GPS .	I then began to drive to the location .	It turned out that I used the wrong address , and had to turn around .
1	She asked her coach how to be better at basketball .	Amy wanted to be very good at basketball .	He told her that she should practice every day .	Amy took his advice and practiced .	Amy noticed that she had improved at basketball .
1	Black Friday was happening during her first week .	Annie had just started a new job .	She was worried about doing well on such a busy day .	That Friday , she worked as hard as she could .	At the end of her shift , her manager praised her work .
4	It was such fun they decided to make it a tradition and go every year !	The Smith family went to the county fair .	After they ate corndog and cotton candy they watched a circus .	When the circus was over they all rode the merry-go-round .	On their to their car they played games for prizes .
3	I then saw a airplane fly into the second building .	I was at work when I got the phone call about the World Trade Center .	I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others .	We watched the news seeing the first building on fire .	Many of us watching it were either screaming or crying .
0	Sam downloaded a movie illegally .	Within days he got an email about it .	It warned him not to do it again .	He could lose his internet and be fined .	Sam never downloaded another movie .
1	The girls did n't notice the sun was setting .	Amy and Beth were playing in Beth 's yard .	As dusk arrived fireflies came out .	Beth ran and grabbed jars to catch them in .	The girls laughed as they ran and caught fireflies .
3	He then realized that he could n't find his mom !	Jake went to the mall with his mom .	There were so many interesting things at the mall to look at !	Jake saw a toy store and rushed over to check out all the toys .	Jake told someone in the store and eventually his mom came for him !
3	There , they saw their grandma and grandpa .	The Jones family decided to take a road trip this year for Christmas .	Their first stop was in Georgia to see their uncle Frank .	They stayed with him for a day before moving on to Tennessee .	They finished the trip in Virginia before heading home .
0	Alex was at a house party .	Suddenly , the cops arrived .	They found drugs on him so they arrested him .	He had to go to Juvie .	He really hated it and was happy when he was able to go .
4	They wo n't try Greek again	John wanted to try a different cuisine .	He discussed it with his wife .	The decide on Greek food .	They both had a gyro and got sick .
0	A man bought himself a rooster .	He thought of it like an alarm clock with no snooze button .	He expected it would wake him up at dawn every morning .	The rooster had other ideas .	It turns out they crow whenever they happen to feel like it .
4	Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company .	Michael was only eight years old when he first went camping .	Him and his father went miles out into the woods and set up camp .	They had a fire when it was dark but later they had to put it out	He was still scared of the dark and did n't want his dad to do it .
1	She chewed her nails .	Sue had a bad habit .	She could not stop .	He dad said to picture all the germs that went into her mouth .	Once she did that she never chewed her nails again .
0	Jean 's job a holiday party .	She attended the party and was surprised they were serving liquor .	Jean 's boss got drunk and began hitting on her .	She quickly left the party very embarrassed .	Jean returned to work on Monday and avoided her boss at all cost .
4	His face ended up with a large bruise .	My class waited in the lunch line to get our lunches .	Ross was impatient and decided to skip me .	He also tried to skip another person in front of him .	The other person became mad and punched Ross .
0	My girlfriend , Julia , was studying in Paris for a semester .	After two months of being apart , I sent her a package .	It was a little stuffed hippo with a note attached .	The note instructed Julia to snuggle the hippo whenever she felt down .	Her response was to fly back home and ask me to marry her !
3	He let Tom make sure it was latched before bed every night .	Little Tom was scared of his closet .	He kept getting out of bed to have his father check it .	Finally , his father bought a lock for it .	Now Tom can get a good night 's sleep .
3	The streaks were pale and patchy .	Tim wanted blonde streaks in his hair .	He bought a box of dye and applied it .	But when he rinsed it out , he was disappointed .	Tim realized he should 've let a professional streak his hair !
1	His nickname was Dr J and he starred in the ABA .	Julius Erving was a legendary basketball player .	When the ABA folded , he ended up with the NBA 's Philadelphia Sixers .	He led The Sixers to the NBA finals several times .	The Sixers won the championship in 1984 and Dr J was the reason why .
2	We went against each other in Super Mario Brothers .	I invited a bunch of my friends to play several games .	They decided to bring their CDs and food .	Afterwards , we decided to talk outside for a few minutes .	They eventually left .
1	His students liked to tease Jackson .	Jackson is a high school teacher .	He figured it was his shoes .	Jackson bought a nice new pair of shoes .	They no longer had a reason to tease Jackson .
2	Both of us had two shorts .	My friend challenged me to golf .	We were tied until the last hole .	I ended up getting a birdie on the last shot .	He lost since he ended up with a bogey .
0	Joe needed a new desk .	His had a broken leg .	He went to the office store to find one .	It took him hours to find one he liked .	He finally bought a new desk .
1	He did well during his training and was sure to get the job .	John always wanted to be a cop .	During graduation he was excited to start working .	John had an intense first day on the job .	It was different than expected but motivating still .
0	Sally is pregnant and a teenager .	She does n't know where the baby father is .	She decides she needs to abort .	She goes through with it .	She is feeling bittersweet about it .
1	He would jump between any gap .	Jake loved jumping everywhere .	One day , he was jumping between buildings .	He jumped between a dozen until he slipped on one building .	He slipped before he jumped and stopped jumping buildings .
4	Chuck was now irritated by the scratches on his arms .	Chuck was irritated by the length of the dog 's nails .	It was time to clip them .	The tiny little dog yipped like he was being murdered .	Finally the task was done .
0	Linda was a new mother .	She was still learning the tricks of being a mom .	One day , she needed a shower when no one was there to watch her baby .	She slid the baby carrier into the bathroom .	Now Linda could take her shower without worry .
4	The guy never told his girlfriend he cheated .	Cindy had a guy friend .	He had a girlfriend but always wanted to hang out with her .	Cindy started to have feelings for him .	He was over one day and kissed Cindy .
4	His mother was happy that she finally had a lovely house .	Tim went to a friends house .	Tim went with his mom .	His mom always said that his friend had a lovely house .	Tim decided to clean up his own house .
2	Instead of an incandescent bulb he 'd buy some LED ones !	One of the globe bulbs in Dan 's bathroom went out .	When he was looking online to buy a replacement he had an idea .	Dan bought a whole set of LED bulbs for his bathroom .	When he flicked the light-switch Dan was basked in their warm light .
4	They replaced her card as well .	Jane lost her card at the store .	Someone else found it .	She noticed fraudulent charges on it .	Jane 's bank put the money back in .
1	He awoke to something wet on his face .	Sam was taking a nap in his living room .	There was water dripping from his ceiling .	Sam looked up to find a leaking toilet .	He called the plumber immediately after to get it fixed .
3	She told them he was in the parking lot of the store .	Jim lost his new puppy spot .	He and his dad were putting up flyers explaining he was lost .	In front of a store a lady told them she had seen a puppy like this .	Jim was very pleased to have his puppy back .
2	Gina laughed .	Gina was in a gas station on the highway .	Her sister ran in crying after seeing a dead deer in a truck .	She reminded her they eat dead animals all the time .	Her sister stood looking horrified .
0	It was a nice and sunny day so Rick went to the park .	He was walking around when he saw a dog running around .	The dog had a leash but no one holding it .	Rick grabbed hold of the leash and set off to find the owner .	In the end Rick found the grateful owner and all was well .
3	Alissa hated disney .	Felix wanted to go to disney world .	One day he won two tickets for entry .	He invited his friend Alissa .	He ended up going alone .
4	John picked Cory to play in the game instead , and they won !	Timmy and John were getting ready for a basketball game .	They had to try hard to win so they practiced a lot .	During practice , Timmy sprained his ankle .	Timmy could n't play in the game because of his ankle .
2	She got out her vacuum .	One mild winter Maggie seen a ladybug on her window .	Maggie did not like ladybugs .	Next she sucked up that ladybug .	Maggie was happy she got rid of the bug .
2	He walked through the store and struggled getting his items .	Glen needed groceries but his car was at the mechanic 's .	He began to walk to the store when he felt very tired .	After checking out , Glen began the laborious long walk home .	Glen finally made it home and rested for a long time .
3	She felt it 's legs and started to freak out .	Melissa tried to move across a bush .	She ran into a spider web .	While she was n't looking , a spider crawled on her hand .	I took a book and tried to hit the spider .
1	Later on she let her dog out to pee .	One day , Sarah forgot to close the gate in her yard .	Her dog escaped through the open gate .	She drove around the city looking for her lost pet .	Eventually , she found her lost dog and brought it home .
2	Then she saw a gorgeous turquoise necklace !	Ana was on a trip to visit Santa Fe .	She was looking for a perfect souvenir for her mother .	She bought it right away and took it to her mom .	Her mother examined it and said it was the loveliest necklace ever !
0	Steven was a dog lover .	He was on his way to his girlfriend 's house one day .	He spots a little puppy going towards him .	Thinking that the dog is lost , he picks him up .	The dog bites him in the face .
2	He looked for a fan that could blow cool air into his room .	Jerry was tired of the hot weather in his area .	And his house only had one air conditioner that was in another room .	And he settled on a powerful industrial fan .	Jerry was happy that it helped his room cool off .
0	I called my son today .	He said that he was going to florida for 4 days .	I asked him when he was coming back	He said in about four days .	He said that he would bring me some shells from the beach .
2	She did n't find any , to her dismay .	Jude was a big fan of Popcorn .	She craved something salty and looked through her cupboard for popcorn	Jude decided she should have a healthier snack anyway .	She sliced up and ate an apple .
0	Jenny is packing for a camping trip with her friends .	While packing her toiletries , she receives a phone call .	She answers the phone call and finishes packing up .	That night at the camp , Jenny realizes she forgot her toothbrush .	She vows to always double check against her list next time .
4	Their mom was satisfied when she found no more tapes in his room .	Gina 's brother had an NWA and a LL Cool J tape .	Their mother found and smashed his NWA tape .	Now he had to keep her from smashing the LL Cool J tape .	He walked to his room and put the tape in his pocket .
4	Bob went to the emergency room to get treated .	Bob was hiking in the forest .	Bob was stung by an angry bee .	Bob was allergic to bees .	Bob immediately hiked out of the woods .
0	Larry was running late to church .	He woke up late and had to drive slow because of the snow .	When Larry arrived he rushed out his car .	The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell .	He promised to get up on time for church from then on .
0	I was camping with my dog on my land .	The smell of my food attracted a bear .	The bear scared my dog and I .	I yelled and my dog barked at the bear .	The bear ran away and never looked back .
3	The damages were so bad that they could not repair their boat .	The jones family went to the lake every summer .	They loved spending time as a family on the boats and swimming .	Unfortunately their boat was vandalized one winter .	Now every summer the Jones go to the lake and cry about their boat .
0	Chris was in Paris during the evening of the terrorist attacks .	He was greatly disturbed by the violence .	Chris had to cancel all of his plans for the weekend and stay inside .	Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time .	Then Chris realized how lucky he was and prayed for the victims .
3	They found a complete skeleton of an unknown species of dinosaur .	John was digging in his backyard when he found a huge bone .	He took it to a paleontologist who identified it as a dinosaur bone .	Scientists took over his backyard , digging for more bone .	John was thrilled when they named the Dinosaur after him .
1	It was a tie game in the bottom of the last inning .	My son 's baseball team was playing for the town championship .	My son came to the plate with a runner on second and two outs .	He ripped a line drive over the shortstop 's head into left field .	The winning run scored !
1	His mother asked her to bring cranberry sauce .	Jen was meeting her boyfriend 's family on Thanksgiving .	That morning , she followed a recipe she had found online .	Something went wrong and it was more like soup than sauce .	The stores were closed so she had to take it to their house anyway .
4	Old man winter finally came to visit .	The temperature got cold .	Leaves started to die .	Frost took over .	Plants died .
3	Everything she no longer needed got folded and placed in the boxes .	Sarah could n't squeeze another hanger in her closet .	She decided it was a good time to get rid of a lot of things .	She got some free boxes from the liquor store in town .	When she was done , she donated everything and felt great .
0	Jennifer was trying to get some lunch .	She went into the cafeteria and saw a huge line .	She went to the back , hoping it would n't take too long .	After a long time , she made it to the front .	Unfortunately , almost everything was already gone .
2	One day his dad said they could build one .	Bryan loved to play in the woods .	He always dreamed of building a treehouse .	Bryan and his dad worked very hard on the tree house .	He played in it every day after school .
1	One day he found a lump on his arm that did n't go away .	Andy was afraid of going to the doctor .	Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor .	The doctor reassured him during his exam and made him feel comfortable	When it turned out to be nothing serious , Andy was glad he had gone .
4	Bob ended up on a date next weekend with the pretty girl .	Bob 's friend AJ told him the dog park was a good place to meet girls .	On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park .	A few minutes after they were done playing , a pretty girl sat down .	Bob 's dog ran over to see her dog .
4	He got to take it home with him that very day .	Joey always wanted a puppy of his very own .	His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one .	On his 7th birthday , his parents took him to the animal shelter .	He almost immediately fell in love with a furry black puppy .
0	Every night I heard the same person practice their violin .	One night , I decided to figure out who it was that played so well .	I sat out in front of my house , waiting for them to begin .	The person noticed , and was afraid they had been bothering me .	I reassured them , and they played a private concert just for me !
0	Gwen could not decide what to give her brother for his birthday .	He already had everything she could think of .	But she knew he loved adventure and had always wanted to go skydiving .	So she bought two tickets .	And the two of them had the time of their lives together .
4	Finally they decided to get married and lived happily ever after .	Mike and Ally became friends when they were two .	They grew up together side by side their whole lives .	One day they decided to start dating each other .	They had their ups and downs , but were generally happy .
4	Kate told the roommate to just wear earplugs and deal with it .	Kate listened to loud music on her laptop .	Her roommate asked her to turn it down .	Instead , Kate decided to wear headphones .	The music was still too annoying for the roommate .
0	Domino 's was played in the house of the Smith 's .	They were very competitive towards each other .	Becky won the first game , along with the 2nd and 3rd .	She usually does n't play so good , so the other wondered .	They found out she was cheating and it was the last time she played .
1	She decided they were going to stay in a big house .	Alana was traveling with the the girls to the islands .	To her surprise , her friend Jenny invited her husband .	Alana was furious .	It was supposed to be a girls trip and the husband was n't welcome .
4	A store clerk noticed this and told her to get down .	Kim we to the supermarket to buy paper towels .	She saw that he brand was at the top of the shelf .	Kim reached but was not able to grab it .	She began to climb the shelves to grab it .
2	She waited for her near the entrance .	Kelly went to the mall yesterday .	She was supposed to meet Stacey .	A half hour passed and no Stacey .	Kelly then realized she was stood up .
3	There , his skin got much better .	A man was traveling in Nicaragua .	He decided to go there for a vacation .	He traveled to the hot water springs .	He came back a new man .
2	The two conversed and laughed as the person carried her luggage .	Jen strained as she lugged her suitcase up the stairs .	Luckily , a passing stranger noticed her struggle and offered to help .	They smiled as they parted ways , the stranger leaving to another room .	It took Jen a moment to parse she was now empty-handed in the hallway .
3	Reluctantly , Laura agreed .	Laura wanted to play on the softball team .	But she was nervous to try out , fearing rejection .	Then her mom encouraged her to give it a shot .	And she played so well , she made the team !
4	We always have fun on that holiday .	Every year on the Fourth of July my family and I go to the Cape .	We always have a blast .	This past summer we went and saw the fireworks .	The colors were beautiful .
1	Once there , we quickly went to our apartment we had rented .	We left early on a sunday , flying out of Atlanta .	It was a nice apartment , downtown in San Juan .	Before long we decided to go out and get something to eat .	The food there was spectacular !
1	He felt nervous because they were very successful and he was n't yet .	Ben was about to meet his girlfriend 's parents for the first time .	That night , his girlfriend drove him to their house .	Ben introduced himself to them , and they were kind and laid back .	He was relieved that they were not like he expected .
1	His stomach began to hurt badly .	Javier was doing his usual commute home from work .	The more he drove the worse the pain got .	Javier drove himself straight to the hospital .	When he arrived they had to operate , his appendix had ruptured .
2	Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it .	Lauren was cleaning out a closet and found a small box .	The box was empty and it was purple .	Her mother told her she could have it and use it .	She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always .
1	Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am .	The coach decided to assign team workouts .	When a team member was late , everyone had to run extra .	The coach believed this taught responsibility .	It only made the team mad .
1	One was afraid to show her moves .	There were some dancers on stage .	The other girl came over and motivated her .	She got her to perform , and it was great .	Only problem is she broke her foot on a landing .
3	Eventually it began to calm down .	Sue 's parrot would not stop making noise .	Sue tried everything to get it to be quiet .	Sue 's parrot kept her up all night .	Sue learned to feed her parrot to make it stop making noise .
1	I worked as a bartender and that was enough for me .	I never thought I could be successful .	I wanted more once I met my wife .	She made it worth while to work hard .	My career has taken off thanks to my wife .
4	Her boyfriend beat her to her house and her parents were home .	Darlene 's parents called to say they were coming home early .	Darlene 's hated boyfriend was on his way over to the house .	Darlene needed to warn her boyfriend but he did not have a phone .	Darlene ran to her boyfriend 's house , hoping to catch him .
0	There was a scared bird in a nest .	The nest was breaking apart , so the bird had to jump .	Luckily for the bird , it flew and landed safely .	The mother bird came to check on the bird .	The bird was okay and things were good .
0	Whitey was a tiny chicken with a big heart .	Each day tiny Whitey lay the largest eggs in her flock .	Each day the farmer took Whitey 's egg from the nestbox .	Whitey was sad to always lose her eggs .	Whitey learned to hide her eggs so she could keep them and be happy .
2	Gina sat outside and talked to him .	Gina 's mother would n't allow her to keep a stray dog .	But she let her keep him in the yard for the night .	The dog stared at her face eagerly .	Gina 's heart broke to think she had to let him go .
4	Pam was delighted to see her house clean and clutter free .	Pam had a really messy house .	She was sick of the mess .	So , she decided to hire a professional organizer .	The organizer came over and spent the day fixing up the mess .
4	She interviewed for her dream job and eventually got it .	Angela knew that she wanted a new job .	She did not get along with her boss .	Her work was boring and not challenging enough .	Angela applied for many jobs .
3	When it came out , she was horrified .	Taylor wanted to have blond hair .	Her hair was dark so she had to bleach it first .	She put the bleach in and let it sit .	Her hair was now greenish brown .
0	The bell for the next period rang .	Since I did n't study for my math exam , I ditched the exam .	I went to the cafeteria instead .	Surprisingly , I ran into a friend .	We hung out for the remainder of the class period .
2	The teacher persuaded me to take a beginner 's class in Russian .	I had never been interested in learning to speak Russian .	However , I took a Russian literature class in college .	I agreed to take the class .	I loved it and spent the next year learning to speak it .
4	She was afraid her birthday wish would n't come true !	Jill was celebrating her 6th birthday .	Her big brother put candles on her cake .	She blew and blew but they would n't go out .	Her brother had put trick candles on her cake .
3	Then , she threw the fish to the animals .	Jenna was at the aquarium .	She saw a booth where you could buy fish for sea lions .	She decided to buy some .	It was a really unique experience .
4	Now he 's an All-Star for the D-League and he hopes to make the NBA .	Throughout his career Quin was always doubted .	He was told he would n't play on his high school team .	When he got to Duke , they told him he was too small .	When he graduated from Duke , he was told he was n't good enough .
1	She always told Henry not to touch it .	Henry 's mother had a very fancy vase .	One day , Henry was running and knocked the vase over .	Henry 's mother was sad/	Henry 's mother made him do extra chores for a week .
1	When it came to doing work at school , he hated it .	Tavon was a sweet boy , but he was very lazy .	He always had a hard time turning papers in .	One day his teacher helped him clean out all the papers in his desk .	Tavon had to stay in from recess to work on all the work he did n't do .
3	Suddenly , she fainted in the store .	Lisa was at the grocery store .	She was heavily pregnant and her breath was short .	While waiting in line , she began feeling light headed .	They took her to the hospital and luckily she was okay .
4	Her painting was well received by her peers .	Alex was asked to paint a picture to put up in gallery .	She looked through books and magazines to find inspiration .	Her inspiration came when she saw an image of a lonely tiger .	She painted an image of a tiger 's face .
4	After a while the three birds flew off .	We lived in the city when we got married in 1981 .	One day a pigeon sat on an empty flower pot by our fire escape .	The pigeon laid two eggs .	The eggs hatched and she raised two babies .
1	The light came on and I saw I had a notification .	I picked up my phone and pressed a button .	My friend called me 10 times and I missed all his calls .	I decided to call him right away .	He picked up and told me that he was looking for me all day .
3	George wants to be a lifeguard .	George is in high school .	He wants to make a little extra money .	The community college offers a lifeguard course for $ 100 .	George ca n't take the class because he does n't have extra money .
3	He got a great job that paid lots of money .	Michael told his father that he wanted to study Astronomy .	His father told him that there is not much money in that career .	Michael did n't care and persisted with his studies .	Michael showed his father that he was wrong .
0	Jenny was finally getting a kitten .	They went to the pound .	There were two kittens playing together in a cage .	Jenny was worried that if they took one the other would be lonely .	She convinced her dad to let her take both of them home .
1	She did n't know how to change a flat tire .	Sam got a flat tire while going to work .	She used her phone to watch a video on how to change one .	She successfully changed the tire all by herself .	She got to work and told everyone how much she loves the internet .
2	The day turned out great until heavy winds appeared .	My friend and I went to the beach .	We reserved a pavilion and decorated the place .	Our belongings and food were blown away completely .	Therefore , everyone had to pack up and leave the place .
3	She said Jordan could n't eat any because he got to play all the games .	One day Jordan had a friend over so they could play video games .	Despite his friend asking , Jordan never let his friend have a turn .	Jordan 's mother saw this and brought his friend cake , but not Jordan .	Now when Jordan has a friend over , he makes sure they both play .
4	Mark loves his job .	Mark has always loved sports .	When Mark got older , he decided to work with kids .	Mark became a coach at a high school .	Mark gets to teach kids sports and games .
0	The little girl waked to the barn .	She struggled to open it 's door .	She finally got it open .	She seen a barrel and put her finger in it .	She screamed in pain because it happened to be acid .
3	Sammy climbed through the ventilation duct to get out and get help .	I once knew a girl named Sammy .	She was a very small girl .	One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake .	She got help and everything was alright .
3	He wrote down all of his recipes for them .	Paul was the head chef at a restaurant .	His cooks were n't making the recipes like they were supposed to be .	They were just making Paul 's recipes as they wished .	They now make the recipes right .
2	Amy appreciated the feedback since she looked up to Sue .	On the bus ride home Amy showed her older friend Sue her new watch .	Sue told her the watch was super cool .	As Sue got off the bus she told Amy she was going to get one like it .	Amy felt like the coolest kid on the bus .
0	A cop was on his night shift .	He was bored and decided to get some food .	He went to a diner for a burger .	He stayed there for an hour .	By the time he left , his shift was over .
2	Evan realized that he could see his classmate 's paper .	Evan forget to study for his math test .	He had a D and really needed to pass this test .	Evan copied her answers .	Evan got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating .
1	Everything was white .	One morning Billy woke and looked outside .	He got his boots and coat on .	His mom said there is no school .	Billy played in the snow all day .
4	He saw the mother sitting in the nest a few minutes later .	Chris noticed a bird 's nest on the ground in front of a holly tree .	He looked in it and saw three eggs .	There was a worried mother bird flying around .	Chris put the nest into the tree quickly and walked away .
0	It was a rainy day outside .	Tim decided to stay inside .	He made himself comfortable on his bed .	He got out his favorite book and read for hours .	When he was done reading , the sun began to shine outside .
0	Sally did n't have any clean clothes to wear .	She had to do the laundry .	She drove to her local laundromat .	She read a book while she waited for her clothes .	She put on fresh clothes and went out with her friends after .
0	Kevin needed to decided on a college soon .	He had many offers and needed to pick .	A road trip was the answer for this .	He went from school to school taking in the culture .	In the end , he finally settled on a stellar Community College .
4	And to his shock and joy , she accepted !	Gerald loved Ali and wanted to marry her .	He was hesitant to ask her .	He thought for sure she would refuse him .	Finally , he built up his courage and proposed .
3	I invited my girlfriend to dinner .	I took my pile of change to an exchange machine .	After the machine received my change , it converted it to cash .	$ 21 dollars came out .	I used the money I got from the machine .
0	Olivia had never tried sushi before .	She was n't sure she liked the idea of eating raw fish .	Her friend Ann took her to a sushi restaurant .	Olivia tried a little of Ann 's sushi rolls .	She was surprised to find that it did indeed taste delicious .
0	My father is always trying to convince me to watch old movies .	He particularly pushes the Marx Brothers ' films .	Sometimes he even pushes silent movies .	At first I thought it was annoying .	But I 've grown to really like them .
1	Her younger siblings were a set of twins .	Lisa was an older sister .	Lisa hated having siblings that were twins .	She always felt like the attention was always on them .	Lisa 's mother had to work hard to balance the attention given .
2	She walked around and visited all the booths .	Jasmine is a junior in high school .	Her school is holding a career day .	Jasmine spent time talking to recruiters and reading pamphlets .	She is convinced she wants to work in the health field .
0	Tina and her friends went out to Mexican food .	They were unsure how they would like it .	Tina originally thought it was expensive .	Yet on the contrary she found it was well worth it .	Tina could n't wait to return .
0	Ashley and Brittany had been best friends for sixteen Year 's .	They were meeting for lunch and they both showed up dressed identical .	At first the just laughed together and did n't mind .	But a boy walked by and told Ashley he liked her outfit .	Brittany and Ashley have been enemies for three minutes .
0	Tim drew robots all the time .	He had a whole folder full of robot drawings .	One day he showed all his drawings to his mom .	She told him some were good and some were n't .	His mom tore up the ones she thought were bad , and made him draw more .
4	Eventually he ate other things .	Brody was a picky eater .	He only wanted fries .	His mom let him eat fries all the time .	His dad finally said no more fries .
3	I looked at her and gave her some scraps .	We were sitting around the holidays at dinner .	We were eating a turkey meal .	However my cat was whining and begging for food .	When I was done eating , I gave her my plate .
1	Usually in the armpits , sometimes the belly .	Alice liked to tickle her friends .	One time she tickled too much .	And her friend laughed so hard .	She had to change her pants .
0	David 's mom told them not to jump on the beds .	The children did not want to listen to his mom .	David jumped very high and then crashed onto the floor !	His mom came running , his arm was broken .	Now David knows why he should n't jump on the bed .
3	Sarah had put on way too much perfume .	Sarah had a date tonight at a restaurant .	She carefully did her make-up and put on perfume .	When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing .	Her date was nice enough to not mind her smell .
1	We looked throughout for a book to rent .	We went to the Library to get a card .	My wife decided to pick a Steven King book .	I grabbed a Harry Potter book .	We were excited to get our new books home to read .
1	They have been going to the same show for six Year 's .	Linda and Gina went to a craft show .	They took off work for this show .	They show many great items .	They did not buy anything .
0	Jim had a problem .	He could not tell time .	This made him frustrated .	One day Tina told him all about time .	Jim never had trouble telling time again .
3	Afterwards , Mary decided she wanted to help other women .	Mary went to the hospital to have her baby .	It was a terrible experience .	The doctors and nurses did not listen to her .	She studied to be a doula , and advocated for other mothers .
2	All everyone wanted was pictures of him .	Gerald is a famous rapper .	He decided to have a party for his fans .	They then left the party .	Gerald was upset .
4	Eddie was hailed as a musical genius .	Eddie 's piano concert was tomorrow .	He sprained one of his fingers .	He decided to improvise the piece .	Everyone was amazed by his performance .
4	He squeezed the trigger and got the job done .	Peter grimaced as the wind pounded against him , again .	The target was in his sights , but he had to recalibrate .	Peter took a deep breath and relaxed .	This is what he 'd been trained for .
4	She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived .	Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner .	She needed to arrange place cards for everyone .	At first she put her brother and uncle near each other .	Then , her sister warned her that the two had been fighting .
4	Sal sold his shares and collected his money .	Sal took out all his money from the bank .	He gave it to a stock broker to invest .	The broker put all the money in a risky stock .	Two months later the stock doubled in price .
4	Gina walked as quickly as she could to get to the checkout .	Gina was carrying three gallons of water in a handbasket .	She had only intended to purchase one .	But wanted to get extra for later .	Now her arm was aching from the heavy basket .
3	He got really good at ice skating over the long winter .	Kenny wanted to learn to rollerblade so he could impress his friends .	But it was wintertime and the weather made rollerblading impossible .	Kenny decided to learn how to ice skate instead since it was similar .	When spring came , his skills transferred over easily !
3	But Nicole went to the address on the license to return the wallet .	Nichole found a wallet in the grocery store parking lot .	Inside she found $ 500 in cash and a driver 's license .	Nichole could really use that money to pay her rent which was late .	The man was so impressed by her honesty , that he gave Nichole $ 100 .
1	Lane put an add in the paper advertising her skills .	Lane played the drums and wanted to be in a band .	Lane waited for days and talked to a lot of different bands .	Lane finally met with one that seemed like a good fit .	Soon Lane was playing with the band and loving it .
0	Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot .	When the results came in she had seen that she won .	The first thing Jan bough herself was a Ferrari .	After 3 years Jan had spent all the money that she won .	Jan then bought 600 tickets for the next big jackpot but lost .
3	He tracked down the family that had lived there before him .	Dave was gardening outside one day .	As he was digging , he found an old medal in the dirt .	Dave discovered that this was a medal from World War Two .	They were very happy when he gave them the medal back .
4	The coworker thanked Amy profusely for helping with a hard caller .	Amy worked at home and asked questions in a chat room .	A caller hung up on her as she awaited an answer .	An hour later someone else asked the same question in the chat room .	Since the supervisor was gone for the night Amy answered the question .
2	Closing her book , she got up and grabbed her bag and phone .	When Marcy felt that familiar grumble in her stomach she looked up .	It had been several hours since she had eaten last , she remembered .	She called Michael to see if he could meet her for lunch .	Marcy spent the afternoon well fed and in great company .
1	She was super excited to make the pizza .	Lucy got all her friends together for a pizza party .	They rolled out the dough and poured on the toppings .	They then put the pizzas in the oven for a half hour .	When the pizzas were done , they had a taste and were delicious .
0	Brian has dreamed for many Years of going back graduate school .	He starts by studying for a standardized test .	He takes the test and gets a terrific score .	Now Brian is ready to apply to school .	He applies and is accepted at his first choice graduate school .
0	Jason applied for a good paying job .	Two weeks later , he got called to come for an interview .	During the interview , he was nervous and unsure .	Another two weeks went by and he heard nothing .	Finally , they called him and told him he got the job !
2	The sun did n't shine where she lived .	Joy was very pale .	She wanted a tan .	But she had break from work .	So she went on a beach vacation to California and got her tan .
2	They all huddled in the basement for safety .	Amy 's mom woke her up in a panic .	There was a tornado coming their way .	When it was quiet Amy 's dad went out to see the damage .	To their surprise the tornado had missed their block .
0	Papa Rios was a great old man .	His family loved him dear .	Papa Rios worked hard for many .	He gave his all to everyone .	When Papa Rios passed on , his family remained near .
3	When she finished , she sent the album to companies .	Ina wanted to produce a music album .	She booked some time in a recording studio .	Every day she went in and sang .	She was glad she 'd gotten studio time to record her album .
0	Matt always believed he was bad at math .	And he thought studying would never help .	But his friend convinced him to study one day .	It felt like he made little progress .	But he understood more than he did before .
4	He tried to fix it but in the end he hand to eject .	The pilot felt a shake in the plane .	Sensors went off and lights flashed .	He knew that there was something bad happening .	He held one hand over the ejection seat button .
4	He went and knocked on his friend 's door and finally got a soda .	One day Kevin really wanted a soda , but he did n't have any at his house .	He decided to check the vending machine , but it was empty .	He then went to the local store , but it too was empty .	Just as he was about to give up , he remembered his friend had soda .
4	I was surprised how simple it was .	I had begun planning for my retirement already .	I decided it would be a good idea to start saving .	I drove over to my local Etrade office .	They set me up with a new account .
1	She had her convenience store damaged by looters .	Linda lived in Baltimore during the riots .	Linda put on a mask and decided to be a vigilante .	Instead , the protesters thought she was one of them .	They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name .
1	They hiked way up on a hill and set up their tent .	Two best friends decided to go camping .	When night fell , they started to hear scary noises .	They thought there was a bear outside their tent .	When they checked , it was only a tree branch !
2	Kim got on the highway since she wanted to get home .	Kim was driving home on a windy day .	She was debating whether she should get on the highway or not .	The wind was high and hard on the highway .	Kim 's small compact car was being pushed about as she drove home .
4	She was trying when her boyfriend dumped her .	Haley broke up with her boyfriend .	Nancy was trying to comfort with advice .	Nancy said that crying over someone is n't worth it .	The next day , Haley ran into Nancy .
3	They brought him the crab , but he did n't like the taste .	Gerald was at a restaurant and wanted seafood .	He ordered plenty of fish and other types of food .	After eating all his food , he ordered crab .	He paid his bill and left the restaurant .
0	Chris was a star student .	He had a big exam in biology coming up .	He had been studying for weeks .	He got to the test and went blank .	Chris failed his first test .
0	Lilly had a nightmare that her Dad came home with a hole in his chest .	She could n't go back to sleep because it scared her so bad .	The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed .	She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how scared she was .	Finally she told him and he just hugged her and told her he loved her .
3	Zack rolled down the window and reached out his hand .	Zack went on an African safari trip .	He was riding in a jeep in a field full of zebras .	One approached their car .	The zebra bit down on his hand and ran off !
3	Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment .	Jake wanted to scare his little brother .	He decided to put on a scary mask .	He would jump out of his bedroom window .	His little brother was terrified .
3	She knew I was lying .	My wife noticed me using incognito mode online .	She asked what I was doing .	I said I was looking up a birthday gift for her .	Now I 'm not allowed to use the computer .
3	They had not prepared for this .	James had arranged to propose in a hot air balloon .	He talked his Jessica into going for a ride .	During the ride , it began to rainy .	They were drenched by the time the balloon landed .
2	The cat moved from the former sunspot on the floor up to the bed .	The cat sunned itself where the light passed through the window .	It started raining and the sun went behind the clouds .	He found a soft blanket and curled up there .	The cat slept there for the next two hours .
3	He knew he needed a change .	Quentin had lived in very dirty conditions for many Year 's .	His friends and family encouraged him to clean but he always refused .	One day Quentin awoke to mice gnawing at his furniture .	He cleaned the entire apartment and felt much better afterwards .
3	Once Liberty caught him peeking , and undressed for him to watch .	Liberty Johnson moved in next door to Alex Fields .	Liberty had a sumptuous body that Alex admired .	He would spy on her from his window .	Alex was so turned on he passed out .
1	It was pretty intense and you had to climb up into these trees .	We went to a nearby resort to try out their zip lining .	When you would get to one tree , you had to then swing to another .	It was something very unique and special .	I ca n't wait until we can go again .
3	He got all bloody .	Mary was ten Year 's old .	She really wanted to be a nurse when she grew up .	Her brother fell off his bike .	After seeing that , Mary decided she does n't want to be a nurse anymore !
0	Jimmy practiced basketball every day .	During a game , the coach put Jimmy in to play .	A teammate passed Jimmy the ball .	He dribbled the ball toward the goal and made a shot !	He gave his teammate a high-five .
0	Danny was at the store with his mom .	He saw a big bin of rubber balls , and got excited .	He grabbed one and begged his mom to get it .	She told him maybe and he carried the ball around with him .	When they went to check out , she agreed to buy the ball .
2	Her sister tried to get it back however , Jenna was fighting back .	Jenna was playing with her sister 's phone .	However , the phone began to overheat .	However , the phone was removed from her hand .	She began to cry loudly .
1	Jake 's mom gathered the baby wash , baby shampoo and a towel .	Baby Jake needed a bath because he had not bathed in two days .	Jake 's mom filled the tub part way with warm water .	Jake 's mom placed Jake in the tub and washed his hair and body .	Jake 's mom finished by taking him out and drying him with the towel .
4	Jason goes to sleep because he is so tired from traveling .	Jason flies to Iceland for a vacation .	He find the landscape to be very strange .	The bus from the airport to the city is very slow .	Finally , he arrives at his hotel .
2	A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg .	Mark was never afraid of dogs .	One day he was taking a walk .	Mark was severely injured .	From then on he became more cautious around dogs .
3	I 've decided to give them to a friend for Christmas .	My cat just had 5 kittens !	I 'm naming them after spices .	There 's Anise , Salt , Pepper , Sugar , and Cocoa .	It will be a wonderful holiday !
3	By halftime , Doug 's lips had turned blue .	Doug went to a football game in sub-zero weather .	When he saw a cute girl shivering , he loaned her his coat .	The girl sat down by Doug and he thought he stood a chance with her .	Then , Doug was on his way to the hospital with hypothermia .
3	He thought his parents would be furious .	Tim was in college .	It was his first semester .	He got terrible grades .	It turns out they happily welcomed him home .
4	One publisher buys the book from Jason	Jason writes for one hour every days .	He has done this for 300 days now and has many pages .	Jason revises his writing into a book .	Jason sends the book to publishers .
1	She went to the doctor who scheduled a biopsy of the lump .	Sara felt a suspicious lump in her neck .	The test results from the biopsy were positive for lymphoma cancer .	Sara went through six rounds of chemotherapy .	She is grateful that her cancer is now in remission .
3	Missy put the names in a hat and selected one at random .	Missy adopted a new dog for her family .	They adored their new pet but could n't decide a name .	Each family member wrote down a name on some paper .	The name she pulled out is what they named the family 's new pet .
4	I went to help sort donations and got an A on the project .	My teacher assigned our class a community service project .	I was n't sure how to approach the task .	My Dad suggested asking a nearby food bank if they need volunteers .	I called the food bank and made an appointment for orientation .
2	Sally ran to the bus stop .	Sally woke up late because her alarm did not go off .	She jumped out of bed and got dressed .	She got there just as the bus was pulling away .	Sally will make sure her alarm is set from now on .
2	Jan asked staff if there were any other bananas available .	Jan went to the grocery store for bananas .	She saw that all the bananas were green and under-ripe .	The employee said those were all the bananas they had .	Jan decided to buy apples instead .
2	She discussed the armed forces with the recruiter .	Amy was going to graduate from high school .	She was visited by an armed forces recruiter .	She was tempted to join but wanted to think it over .	After a day she decided not to join the Army .
0	Zack was excited by his upcoming date .	He could n't decide which restaurant he would take his date to .	He asked his best friend for advice .	His friend suggested they go to a new restaurant which just opened .	He took his date there only to find out they only took reservations .
2	During the class I was able to answer most of the teacher 's questions .	It was the first day of school .	I walked into my math class feeling confident .	The teacher said I was smart and that I had a future .	I felt proud of the compliment and it motivated me to try even harder .
3	She began to feel better and noticed her clothes getting looser .	Penelope was 50 lbs overweight and did n't think she could lose weight .	She joined a gym and began to exercise 3 days a week .	She also chose to stop eating junk and stick to a healthy diet .	Six months later , she had lost those 50 pounds .
1	I 'm about to start doing my taxes .	I just got my w2s in the mail .	I 'm excited to get money back .	It 's frustrating and a bit annoying .	But it 's worth the effort in the end .
3	He takes a part time job at a local taqueria to practice Spanish more .	Jackson had always wanted to learn to speak Spanish .	His friend tells him to try using a language learning software .	Jackson tries the software but he wants more practice .	Soon Jackson finds that his Spanish is getting very good .
3	But Eric was irritated when their house became hotter .	It was a very hot day .	But Eric 's brother , Tom , decided to cook food .	He put on the stove and fried eggs .	Tom claimed that it was n't that hot and kept cooking .
0	Sharon was on her way home from work when a huge storm came down .	The storm made it impossible for her to see , and she crashed her car .	Later the police arrived to help her .	The police pulled her from the car , and she was okay .	Sharon was thankful , and started checking the weather before driving .
4	Callie looked so good , she won first prize !	Callie was entering a beauty pageant .	She hoped to win .	She put a lot of work into her hair and makeup .	She also had a beautiful dress .
0	Mel took his son fishing on the weekends .	He loved the one on one time he spent with his son .	When Mel 's son got older , his son son moved away .	Mel would see his son several times during the year .	They would always make time to go fishing .
2	She had never told anyone why she left it all behind .	Sirene had been a famous silver screen actress .	She chose to become a teacher at the height of her fame .	Decades later she was n't even sure she could remember , herself .	Sirene lied to the autograph seeker and feigned ignorance .
1	He plays it every day after school .	Mark likes to play guitar .	Today his guitar string broke .	Mark decided to replace all of his strings .	Now he sounds better than ever !
2	He saw that his entire fence had been blown over .	One night there was a huge storm .	The next morning Thomas was checking out his yard .	He had to spend all day putting the fence back up .	This time he reinforced it for wind .
0	Francis bought a pie at the grocery store .	He decided to eat the entire pie at once .	Francis felt sick after eating the pie .	He began to regret eating the pie .	Francis decided to eat pies more gradually in the future .
1	He decided to cut his own wood one day	Kendrick uses his fireplace often .	He saved a lot of money by cutting his own wood .	He built a new mantle with his extra money .	Kendrick now really appreciates his fireplace .
1	It was from the government .	I got a letter in the mail .	They said I had to go to jury duty .	I decided to not go .	I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going .
3	The lady behind the counter declined initially .	Gina locked her key in her car at a gas station .	She needed her mother to bring her a spare key .	She went into the station to use their phone .	Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps .
3	She would sulk and pout the whole day .	Amy wanted a new job with more hours .	She applied at a store near her home and never heard back .	She began to resent going to work when she did have a shift .	After 3 months she decided to make the best of a bad situation .
2	He tried to go up a hill .	Kevin bought a new truck .	It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive .	He kept sliding regardless of what he tried .	It was more ice than snow and too slippery even for his truck .
2	Her friend Lisa was coming to visit .	It was the summer break .	Gina had n't seen her friends from school for a month .	Gina , and her mom went to pick her up .	It was the first time Gina had been to that part of town .
0	The Kujata have a beautiful cottage on a lake .	When the matriarch of the family passed away , chaos ensued .	Many of the family aim for the family fortune .	The family is torn apart .	The cottage is sold .
3	He had a nightmare about the movie .	Jim was watching a scary movie .	It was about a fifty foot crab .	After the movie Jim went to bed .	Jim never watched scary movies again .
3	Mike had to go to jail for manslaughter .	Mike was on his last day working at a construction site .	The boss let him drive the bulldozer around for fun .	He was n't paying attention and ran over his co-worker .	He was able to adjust to prison life pretty quickly .
3	She then showed all of her friends .	There was a little girl who owned a pet rock .	She wanted to take it to school with her .	She hid it in her backpack .	Her teacher saw it and took it away forever .
3	A lady saw what happened .	I bought a bottle of brandy .	Alas , I dropped it on the way home .	I got angry because it cost a lot of money !	She decided to buy me another bottle !
0	Tom was friends with Jim .	They were both mean !	They made jokes about others !	One day their mothers caught them !	They were never mean to others again !
1	He tried everything from caffeine to exercise .	A boy named Jacob had never stayed up all night .	Then , his cousin Sam came over and they played board games all night .	Before he knew it , the sun was rising .	Sam showed him that the secret was keeping your mind active .
1	I do not have a record player .	I bought an LP the other day .	My son has one that can convert lps into mp3 format .	He lost the adapter , though .	I bought a new adapter and look forward to the conversion .
3	I grabbed a baseball bat for for protection .	I heard knocking at the rear of the apartment .	I hollered who 's there at the back door .	I did n't hear an answer .	The knocking was just the wind so I did n't need the bat .
2	After one month the shoes started to fall apart .	I decided to buy new sketcher shoes at Academy .	Did n't think about it too much because shoes did n't mean much to me .	I was frustrated and at the time I could n't afford new shoes .	For almost a whole month I walked around with torn shoes .
4	We ended up talking and he invited me to sit backstage !	I was so excited to attend the rock concert last night .	I left work early to be able to make it to the venue early .	When I arrived , I saw the band getting out of their tour bus .	The lead singer turned to me and said hello .
0	Doug was stopped on the side of the road with a flat tire .	He had no idea how to change a tire .	A pretty young girl hopped out of a car that had pulled over .	Doug was very embarrassed when she changed his tire for him .	He watched closely so he could do it next time .
0	Mike wrote a popular book and became a famous author .	People began to ask for him to appear in interviews .	Mike began to speak about himself publicly .	After only weeks of his success , tabloids began to lie about him .	Mike became paranoid and more reclusive after the bad experience .
0	Gina was at her grandma 's house .	They had just gotten back from her grandpa 's funeral .	Everyone was anxious to change into comfortable clothes .	Gina was the last one in the house .	She had to wait for a room to open up so she could change .
0	Martha was in her living room .	Suddenly there was a knock at the door .	No one was there but a big box was on her porch .	She looked inside and saw a ton of gently used baby toys .	It was really helpful because she was a poor mother .
3	I immediately jumped out of the swings and ran .	I went to my backyard to ride on the swings .	After several minutes , a bee flew in my direction .	It landed on my ear and bit bee .	My mom decided to clean the sting with some alcohol .
4	My daughter mailed them back to us .	We went to NYC to visit our granddaughter last year .	Before we left we posed for a group photo .	My wife took my keys off my neck .	We left for Boston without them .
1	Suddenly , the fire alarm went off .	Louise was in class one day .	She followed the procedure along with her classmates .	Then , they waited outside .	It turned out it was just a drill .
0	Amy was meeting Ben at the park .	She did n't want her parents to know .	She pretended to be just sitting on the front porch .	She kept an eye on them through the window .	When they were n't looking she got up , and walked away .
2	he poured it in his bowl .	Freddy had to wake up early today .	He got the cereal out .	He then realized there was no milk .	This was gon na be a bad day .
0	Tom and Sally went to the beach .	They had fun in the sun .	Tom decided to build a sand castle .	Tom went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle .	Tom eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed Sally .
0	Mary needs to go to the store .	She does not have a car and the store is too far to walk .	Mary remembers that she has a bus ticket .	Mary catches the bus before it leaves .	Mary arrives at the store thanks to the bus .
0	A man was in the market for a new car .	He drove to many dealerships .	He researched many vehicles .	He found a great vehicle .	He purchased the vehicle .
0	Debra is from the United Kingdom .	She does not understand why Americans like snow cones .	One day while vacationing in America , she tried a snow cone .	It tasted very refreshing .	She understands why snow cones are so beloved .
3	After the third burp he threw up all the backseat .	When we were kids my brother would occasionally get car sick .	This one time we were on a trip to see New Schwanstein .	But before we got there my brother started to burp twice .	After that I thought when someone burps 3 time in a row they puke .
2	One day , a businessman arrived with a special delivery for him .	The powerful gangster lived in the mountains .	His beautiful home had many fineries .	It was something the gangster had wanted for a long time .	The new delivery now hangs proudly in the man 's lavish home .
0	Howie decided to order pizza for dinner .	Howie orders pepperoni and bacon pizza .	Howie drives to pick up the pizza .	Howie eats the pizza in his car .	Howie finishes the pizza before driving home .
3	The first house he arrived at , however , changed his mood .	Being a pizza delivery man , Harold knew everyone in town .	He never thought much about the people he worked for , until one day .	It was Harold 's birthday and he was upset for having to work .	His customers had gathered as a surprise , thanking him for his work !
4	The family had a lot of fun .	The smiths decided to go on vacation to the Grand Canyon .	They had never been there before .	They traveled there by car .	When they got there they took a lot of pictures .
2	She also bought all the ingredients .	Sue wanted to make fried chicken .	She bought a fry daddy .	She had never made fried chicken before .	Lo and behold , it turned out great !
4	Shelly was very excited with how the cake turned out !	Shelly wanted to learn how to bake a cake .	She found a cooking tutorial online .	Shelly went to the store and bought all the needed ingredients .	She spent the rest of the day baking her cake .
1	He would always spend too much on them .	Bob always had a tough time with credit cards .	So his wife recommended they cut them up .	They put themselves on a budget to get out of debt	It was the best thing they could have done .
4	Amy thanked him and got back in her car .	Amy got a flat tire one morning .	She did not know how to change tires .	She had to call for help from the assistance company .	The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire .
4	Her mom gave her a dream catcher and she never had nightmares again .	There was a little girl that always had nightmares .	Every nightmare she had came true .	The nightmares she had where about her or her family .	Most of her nightmares had ghost or monsters in them .
2	They would sometimes talk .	Tom always thought his girlfriend 's sister was cute .	She seemed to feel the same about him .	Tom never took it past talking .	He loved his girlfriend and did n't want to risk it .
1	When he looked in the pantry , he noticed there was no syrup left .	Darren cooked pancakes for himself and his girlfriend .	He sadly told his girlfriend about the syrup shortage .	Darren 's girlfriend assured him it was okay .	They agreed to put fresh fruit on their pancakes instead .
0	Bob 's doctor told him he needs to stop eating red meat .	His blood pressure was very high .	Bob went out to eat and ordered a chicken sandwich .	He never had one before but he liked it .	Switching off of red meat was going to be easier than he thought .
3	When they got there , it began to rain .	Tim thought it was a great day to play outside with his friends .	They decided to play basketball .	They met at the park .	They went to Tim 's house and play video games instead .
3	Jason reached the ice-cream shop and ordered a chocolate cone .	Jason craved an ice-cream cone .	He decided to go to the ice-cream shop .	He put on his shoes and started walking .	Jason enjoyed his ice-cream .
0	Brian was chopping some trees in his backyard .	His little brother Sam wanted to help out .	Brian gave his axe to Sam .	Sam swung at a small tree and chopped it down .	Brian gave Sam a high five .
0	Ron found a seashell on the beach .	And it looked so beautiful that he decided to keep it .	He liked it so much , that he brought it to school .	And other students saw the beautiful shell .	The next day , someone grabbed it from him and ran away .
4	One she put on a safety pin , and secured it in a pocket of her purse .	Gina decided she would make a copy of her house key .	She wanted a spare in case she lost her key again .	She had the copy made at her local grocery store .	She decided to carry both keys with her .
4	I grabbed a dustpan and a broom and cleaned up the glass .	My nephew was visiting my house one day .	He said he was thirsty so I gave him some water .	My nephew walked away and I heard a loud crash .	I walked over and saw that the glass had shattered on the floor .
2	Tim rushed out the door without breakfast .	Tim slept through his alarm .	When he woke up , he realized he was going to be late for class .	He barely made it to class on time .	Tim spent the rest of the morning hungry .
2	She did not think he was interested in her .	Kara was a shy girl .	She began to like the new boy at school .	He asked her out one day .	When he dropped her off at home , he gave her a kiss .
3	Then he started it up and they were off !	Anna 's uncle asked her out on his boat .	She went to the marina with him .	They climbed into his boat .	Anna had a wonderful day on the water .
1	After a year of saving , Harvey made plans to go to the coast .	Harvey and his family saved up money for a vacation .	Harvey and his family drove to their hotel location .	When they arrived , the family was greeted by constant rain .	It rained so hard , the family had to go home .
0	Tom worked very hard all day .	By the end of the day he was famished .	He went home and asked his wife to cook dinner .	His wife cooked dinner .	Tom was ate dinner and satiated his appetite .
1	In one battle , a cannon blew off his leg .	Ben wore the colors of the Confederate Army .	He screamed and he yelled , because the pain was intense .	A doctor sawed off his mangled limb and bandaged his stump .	He was sent back to the front with a wooden prosthesis .
0	It was Sophie 's first day of school .	At first , no one would talk to her , but they kept staring at her .	She thought it was because she was dressed differently than everyone .	During her first class , she met a cool kid named Maria .	Maria told her she was nervous , because it was her first day too .
4	I won three stuffed animals at the claw machine .	I went to the boardwalk to play some games .	I found an antique claw machine .	The machine only cost five cents per try .	I won my first stuffed animal after six tries .
0	Lily comes home from school with math homework .	But Lily wants to play with Becky down the street .	When Lilly 's mom asks if she has homework , she lies and says no !	While she is outside playing with Becky , her mama checks her backpack .	Now Lilly ca n't play with Becky for a week !
3	Things are getting worse as Rob spreads rumors about Billy .	Billy and Rob were angry at each other over a proposed trade .	Rob accused Billy of cheating him of a vintage card .	Billy got upset and decided to call the whole thing off .	Not wanting to be known as a cheater , Billy is out to confront Rob .
3	However , the opponent caught it .	The quarterback received the ball .	As soon as his opponents were coming after him , he threw the ball .	It was moving towards the wide receiver .	He managed to run towards the opposite side of the field .
0	Driving down the road Dave saw flashing lights in his rearview mirror .	Dave turned on his caution lights and slowly pulled over .	Officer Peterson walked up to Dave 's door .	He cautioned Dave that there was ice up ahead .	Dave took his advice and went home where he would be safe .
4	We ended up doing this once a week .	One of my favorite movies is the breakfast club .	Since I like that movie so much I thought I wanted my own .	I got my friends together and we ate a large breakfast together .	We made it an exclusive group .
4	Joan got off the scale , and saw the number stayed the same .	Joan hated to see the numbers on her scale .	After a week of dieting , the number had n't budged .	Joan went to the gym and worked out for a month .	Still , the number on her scale had n't budged .
4	To her surprise , she was pregnant .	Denise was at work .	She felt sick and ran to the bathroom .	It occurred to her that she could be pregnant .	On her lunch break she bought and took a test .
4	Although he does n't make any new friends , he resolves to try again .	Larry has never been a big fan of sports .	However , he realizes that watching sports might help him meet people .	Larry decides to attend a local soccer match .	He cheers along with other fans when the team scores .
0	Craig was an engineer for a technology company .	He invented a drone that could stream live video on the Internet .	The media reported on the new drone .	One person bought a drone and used it to spy on Craig .	A website was made to watch Craig twenty four hours a day .
1	He saw an ad for a position he might like .	Mark lost his job and was receiving unemployment .	He applied and received a call back .	Mark interviewed for the position .	He got the job and started the next week .
4	Sara and her grandmother rushed to the hospital to meet him .	Sara 's mom was about to have a baby .	Things were taking a while and Sara was getting anxious .	Her grandma decided to take her out to lunch .	While they were eating , the baby was born .
0	Rex was our family dog .	The entire family love playing with Rex .	Two kids from next door came over to play with our dog .	Shortly after Rex no longer wanted to live with us .	We decided that Rex would be more happy with the kids .
4	Gina disinfected , and covered the now bleeding wound .	Gina 's brother had pushed her into a dresser .	The corner had cut her deeply .	She looked in a mirror to see if the it was bleeding .	There was no blood , but there was no skin on the wound .
3	He was able to sign up without hassle .	Theo always wanted to be like his father .	Theo 's father was in the army .	Theo had plans of enlisting .	He is in the army now just like his father .
3	She earned her nursing degree .	Wilma loved helping people .	She always wanted to be a nurse .	At the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college .	Wilma was thrilled to be living her dreams as a nurse .
3	One day an editor called asking to buy all his short stories .	Michael had been writing for years .	He had dreams of one day making it big .	He sent out his work to every publisher he could find .	He finally got his shot .
4	Matthew was very happy .	Matthew wanted a game console for his birthday .	He was very excited as he unwrapped his presents .	He unwrapped the large box last .	Inside was a Wii U .
3	In 3rd grade he gave soccer a try .	My son played Little League baseball in kindergarten .	In 1st grade he gave it up and played ice hockey .	In 2nd grade he gave up hockey for basketball camp .	He has given up all sports and now just plays a trombone .
4	Unfortunately , she failed !	Liz is in a biology class .	Her final test is coming up .	She studied every day .	Liz tried her best on the test .
2	She blamed her sisters .	Gina 's bed had golden balls on the tops of the posts .	One was loose .	She tried to screw it back in .	A week later it fell off completely .
2	The car ahead of Gina turned onto the street .	Gina was driving behind a car heading home .	They came to a major street closed for construction .	Gina drove past .	The street was closed , and she did n't want to risk it .
2	When it came time to have my child I was so excited .	When I had found out I was pregnant , I was so thrilled .	Every doctor appointment and heartbeat was cherished .	After hours of labor I got to hold my child in my arms .	That was the day I became a mother .
4	The large crowd was holding Peace posters .	Chris woke up early on Saturday morning .	He decided to go for a stroll .	Passing by a cafe he heard loud commotion .	He looked over his shoulder and saw a large crowd .
3	She she unscrewed the pipe and looked inside .	Jenny wanted to know why the water was red .	James said that it was because of rust from the old iron pipes .	She wanted to see it for herself .	Inside she found a severed human hand .
4	On his next game he had a clean uniform .	My brother came home dirty from his football game .	My mother told him to get a shower and bring her his clothes .	She sprayed them down with some sort of laundry booster .	Then put them in the wash .
0	Ben and his family invited a lot of family over for Christmas .	When they all arrived , everyone was very happy .	The family sat down at the table to eat and began to talk politics .	Ben 's uncle became very angry at his wife 's brother over a disagreement .	The tension became so great that the whole night was ruined .
2	He cooked them and defeathered them	Kevin made Peruvian style chicken at a stall in New York City .	What he really did though , was kill pigeons behind his stall .	They looked just like chickens , he knew no one would notice .	Kevin was later given a health code violation and had to close shop .
1	She was trying to set up the tent .	Jordan and Alex were on a camping trip .	Then she realized that it was broken .	She ran to the nearest Walmart .	Then she bought them a new tent .
3	Chuck had forgotten about the movie and fell asleep .	Chuck and Andy had plans to see a movie together .	Andy bought both tickets online ahead of time to save time in line .	Andy showed up at the theater and called Chuck .	Andy was upset and told Chuck he had to pay him back for the ticket .
3	She quickly found a new job where she was treated better .	Kim really hated her job .	Her boss was always mean to her .	One day , Kim decided to quit her job .	Kim is much happier now .
1	A traveling zoo came one day to show their animals .	I used to work at a school	I got to hold a baby monkey to show my students .	The monkey became frightened and bit me .	I had to go get a tetanus shot after that .
4	Larry had mental problems and felt happy .	Larry had never played golf before .	He played against a professional for his first game .	Larry wound up beating him easily .	The professional had let him win .
3	He became a real pilot !	Steve wanted to fly planes .	He took a class on how to fly them .	Steve learned a lot .	He was happy that his dreams came true !
2	Kyle went out to get paint and brushes at the hardware store .	Kyle needed $ 300 more this month to pay his rent .	He told his landlord that he 'll paint the house in exchange for rent .	When he was done he realized that the supplies cost him $ 300 .	Now Kyle was right where he started .
2	They had a great time listening to the band .	Nick and Tom were best friends .	They decided to drive into the city to watch a band perform .	They got lost on the way home , it took 2 hours to arrive at home .	They laughed about it and enjoyed seeing their unique city .
0	Jim ran for his life away from the pledges .	He 'd chosen not to join the fraternity .	They 'd chosen to mark him for the ritualistic slaughter .	Jim dived under a large green dumpster .	The horde of Brothers raced by without finding him .
3	She also signed up for a class to learn Russian .	Anya was adopted from Russia .	She wanted to learn more about her homeland .	She checked out all the books on Russia that the library had .	Now she feels much more connected to her homeland .
2	The roller coaster height is about 300ft .	I was in line to ride the Titan .	I was only about 10 years old and waiting in line forever .	It was my turn and I rode the roller coaster .	The roller coaster ended up being disappointing and not scary at all .
1	He used a tape measure to size up the hole in the wall .	Reed set his tool box on the bench .	He used a pencil to draw out the dimensions on a piece of drywall .	The saw sprang to life in his hands as he cut out the piece .	He secured the piece into the hole using glue .
4	She immediately told all her friends .	Kelly decided to take her favorite junk food items and redo them .	She wanted to make them healthier .	She took her favorite nacho dish and turned it into a vegetable dish .	When it was done she loved it .
2	First she had to remove all her tongue rings .	Ella went in for a root canal .	Then the dentist said he could not help her yet .	Ella had had them in for Years !	They were very difficult to remove !
2	He put down his work and ran up the stairs .	The phone rang in the kitchen of Dave 's house .	He was in the basement when he heard it ring .	By the time he got to the phone it stopped .	Dave cursed loudly and punched the phone .
2	Her doctor said she could attempt a vaginal delivery , and VBAC .	Anna had had a c-section for her first baby .	Now she was in labor with her second .	Anna decided to try it .	She managed to deliver her second baby naturally !
0	Recently , it started snowing .	The snow fell for a little while , and then stopped .	A few hours later , it started snowing again .	It snowed all through the night .	I was really mad the next morning , because I hate the cold .
2	When the drawing was held , all the tickets were compared .	The jackpot was set at 10 billion dollars .	Everyone at work bought tickets .	Only one ticket one .	The winnings were split between all the workers .
1	Jody ordered pancakes .	Jody and her mom went to Sunday Brunch .	Her mommy order hash browns , eggs and grits .	When the waiter brought their food out , he trips on a cord .	Jody and mom 's food falls right along with him .
0	He had an abiding fear of people .	He hated being stuck in small spaces with others .	Elevators were the worst .	He took the stairs to avoid people .	The fire alarm went off and people poured into the stairway .
3	I asked the person who was not seasick out on a date .	I went on a whale watch with two coworkers in 1980 .	One person got seasick , while the other did not .	We saw a lot of whales .	We got married a year later .
0	Jim was digging for worms in the dirt .	Then he uncovered a cache of acorns !	His dad told Jim that those were a squirrel 's stash .	He explained that the squirrel would need them in winter .	JIm re-buried the acorns so the squirrel would n't starve .
0	Patrick and his family went to vacation in Fort Lauderdale .	They decided to take a trip to the beach one day .	The whole family was having fun playing in the ocean .	Suddenly a swarm of jellyfish came and stung Patrick who got out !	The lifeguards put vinegar on it and Patrick had to stay out of water .
2	He was watching a movie when his headphones broke .	Jerry was in the car with his mom and brothers .	They were on a long drive .	He begged his mom to stop for new ones .	Luckily , she agreed to stop and buy him some new ones .
4	He tried out again the next season and made the team .	Mike tried out for the high school basketball team .	He was cut from the team because he was not tall or fast enough .	He was upset but he was determined to become better .	During the summer he worked on his speed and also had a growth spurt .
1	He needed to catch a taxi right away .	Tom was running late for work .	One pulled up in between him and another person .	He asked the other guy if he could take it .	The other guy agreed and Tom was thankful .
2	He need to go to school that fall .	Ron lived in a homeless shelter .	He lived with his mother there .	His mother said you need new shoes .	Ron knew his mom had no money he was sad .
1	I wanted to help so I grabbed it .	One night my mother asked my brother to take out the trash .	No one told me there was broken glass in there .	The glass cut my leg .	I needed 13 Stitches that night .
2	Tiffany decided to try weight lifting .	Tiffany wanted to lose her baby weight .	She was ready to become active again .	She went to the gym and started lifting super heavyweights .	Tiffany threw her back out and had to wait to start working out again .
0	Bobby had an English test at school the next day .	He was not prepared for it , so he hoped for a snow day .	At bedtime , skies were cold but clear .	He prayed for snow , then shut his eyes and drifted off .	When he woke , there was a swirling blizzard outside - and no school !
0	The police officer was driving across the street .	He noticed a man , with a dark skin tone , carrying an expensive watch .	The officer immediately stopped and interrogated the man .	Since the man did n't steal it , he was complaining .	The officer ended up arresting him .
2	When he woke up , he found smoke coming from his room .	Tim was feeling a bit tired .	He decided to take a quick nap .	He had left a candle burning while he was sleeping .	He quickly extinguished the small fire before it could spread .
4	The critic bought everything because it was such steal !	A great artist came to the town fair and set up shop .	A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the best .	The artist smiled and thanked him .	The artist told him all his works were 23 cents .
4	Tom decided that cheerios are not good with water .	Tom loved to eat cheerios .	For breakfast was the usual time , but he ate it at other times .	Lunch was common and so was dinner .	One day he ran out of milk and could n't have them for dinner .
3	Next , he went to the mall .	Jason ripped his pants on a fence .	He decided to buy new pants .	First , he went home to change his clothes .	Jason bought a new pair of pants .
1	He set his alarm for seven in the morning .	Ken needed to get up early for a test .	But then he woke up at noon !	He checked his alarm .	It had gone off - but he had not heard it !
2	Next , I drafted a new resume .	Last week I began job searching .	The first two days I searched online for openings .	Then I wrote cover letters for each position .	Today I was called to schedule an interview next week .
0	Tabitha was at the park with her friend .	They came across a party held by her friend 's church .	To participate in the games , you had to recite a scripture .	Tabitha wanted to play , but she did n't go to church .	Luckily , her friend helped her learn one and Tabitha was able to play .
0	The instructor gave Lina an arrow .	He told her to take the first shot and she did .	The arrow missed the target and landed on the ground .	Eventually , she tried out a new technique .	As soon as she shot the arrow , the arrow landed on the target .
3	When I went last year the water was beautiful and crystal clear .	Some of my favorite childhood memories stem from going to the beach .	One of best beaches I love going to is on Martha 's Vineyard .	Martha 's Vineyard has some of the most beautiful beaches .	I can not wait to go back .
3	She loved their dog Jake very much .	Sally walked to school today .	She waived hello to neighbors she knew .	She passed the Smith house and said hello the their dog .	Sally arrived at school and went inside for class .
1	While he waited for the pan to warm , he juggled with the eggs .	Mike took out some eggs and heated up a pan .	After a few tosses he dropped an egg on the floor .	Mike cleaned up the mess .	By the time the floor was clean , the pan was ready .
4	Foxy never got her potato chips .	Foxy want potato chips .	She asked her boyfriend matt to go out to get some .	He got into his car .	While starting the car , his engine broke down .
4	The phone ended up smashing and it was unfortunate .	Last month I bought a new iPhone .	I took it with me everywhere .	However I had a slip up when I went to the mall .	I took it with me into the bathroom and it fell on the tile .
3	Chris tried to start a fight but Steve said let 's race .	Steve 's car did n't look like the best , but it was the fastest .	After school , Chris sat inside his convertible with his girlfriend .	His girlfriend said Steve was looking at her .	Steve beat Chris in a car race and Chris had the newer car .
0	I planted a herb garden in the window .	I added dirt and seeds to the window box .	I watered the seeds .	The seeds sprouted in the dirt quickly .	I now have fresh herbs everyday .
4	He took out a cleaning kit and cleaned the spill .	Randy was mixing several chemicals together .	He slipped on a small amount of water on the floor .	The test cubes ended up on the ground .	The teacher told everyone to move away from the puddle .
2	They dug a channel for a moat around their building .	Joey and June molded the moist sand into a mound .	They used cups to shape turrets on top .	Then they used buckets to fill the moat with water .	Finally , after much work , they were proud of their complete castle !
0	Some friends and I were drinking in the yard .	After a while my girlfriend came by and shouted at us .	She told me to come inside but I chose to stay and drink .	Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head .	I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache .
1	Vicki was an architect .	Vicki was scared of heights .	Vicki was hired to build a new skyscraper .	Vicki visited a very tall building to study the upper levels .	Vicki designed an exceptionally safe skyscraper .
1	She had passed a lot of the tests already .	Kary wanted to become a lifeguard .	One of the last tests was to wade for ten minutes .	She was having a really hard time but she pushed herself .	She managed to pass and she got to be a lifeguard .
3	He regretted going when he had to rest after 20 minutes .	Harry always joked with his wife about her easy yoga practices .	He assumed all they did was stretch slowly for 90 minutes .	One day , she bet he could n't make it through her Bikram Yoga class .	Harry never laughed about his wife 's yoga classes again .
1	He decided to pick her up and carry her .	Dan was trying to show off to his girlfriend .	While trying to he hurt his back .	He was unable to get back up .	It turned out to be badly broken .
3	So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends .	Jen has always wanted to be in a snowball fight .	She thought it would be a lot of fun .	One winter , there was snowfall where she leaves .	But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun .
2	Myron tried spiking up his hair using gel .	Myron had wanted a new hairstyle for months .	One day his barber recommended he try hair gel .	He loved his new hairstyle .	Myron was very happy he took his barber 's recommendation .
1	And she felt angry about all of the homework she had .	Kim was tired of studying .	She could afford to take a break .	So she watched her favorite movie .	But she could not enjoy it .
2	When he got away from Molly , he noticed it did n't stink .	Mike was talking to Molly .	Mike noticed that something smelt bad so he left to the bathroom .	He then realized that Molly was the one who stunk !	He was relieved to find out that it was not himself .
3	The beach was wrecked and strewn with debris .	Betty could n't wait for her beach vacation .	She bought a new swimsuit and sandals .	When the day of her trip arrived , a hurricane blew through .	Betty 's vacation was ruined .
2	It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there .	On the way to work , my car died	I called in to let them know , and no one answered .	I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes , and nothing .	When I got into work , they gave me trouble .
0	Ron had never been skiing .	His brother Eric decided he would take him for his first time .	They arrived at the mountain to see the beginners hill had closed .	There was no way they were going to leave without skiing .	Eric and Ron then managed to successfully ski down the masters slope .
4	I was last in the rotation with two on base when i hit the home run .	My team has yet to win a game this season .	I 've been at third base for the past two weeks .	Getting to field means i get to bat , which is a nice change .	In the bottom of the ninth it was all tied up .
2	They got the sticks and stones together .	Lisa wanted to build a fort in her backyard .	Her friends joined .	When it was done they went inside .	It was a cozy fort .
0	Bernie was in the running for president .	One of his team members was online looking for information .	He ended up finding another candidates confidential info .	The team member got caught doing it .	He ended up getting fired .
2	But Ida surprised him with her first craving .	Ida was pregnant .	Her husband knew to expect some strange cravings .	She did n't request anything weird like peanut butter and pickles .	Instead , she wanted a plain , ordinary cheeseburger and fries !
3	The cat ate quickly .	Robin found a stray cat on her street .	She decided to take the cat in .	When she took the cat inside , she gave him some tuna .	Robin named the cat Mittens .
0	Jill lies to her new date and tells him that she is a great cook .	It turns out that he is a chef .	On their next date he insists that she cook for him .	Instead of telling him the truth she gets her friend to cook for her .	When he finds out that she 's a liar he does n't want to see her again .
0	A singer wanted to make the next great country song .	He went into the deep south to seek inspiration .	He wrote a verse about the people he met .	Then he went to a bar to share his song so far .	The people there loved his song so far .
0	Ed the waiter took an order from a table .	One man asked for french fries that were extra crispy .	Ed rolled his eyes and wrote down the order .	Later the fries came out and Ed served them .	The man inspected one to see if it was crispy enough and it was .
0	Wayne got cut from the basketball team his junior year .	The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller .	Wayne spent the entire summer working on his speed .	And he had a late growth spurt and grew three inches .	He made the team the following year .
2	After school everyone gathered around to see them .	Tim was tired of being bullied at school .	He called out his biggest bully to a fight .	Tim got beat up pretty badly .	The bully knew he was no threat and bullied him even more .
3	He finally talked to a professional .	Patrick was really depressed .	His brother had died .	It made him so sad .	Now he is able to work out his problems .
1	The factory jack is useless .	Bill 's Ford truck gets a flat tire .	He has to call a tow company to change the tire .	The next day he buys a real jack .	He vows to never buy a Ford vehicle again .
4	Roger learned his lesson and never raced again .	Roger was at red light when another car pulled up beside him .	The man the other car revved his engine in challenge to Roger .	When the light turned green Roger raced the man .	Roger left the other car behind but he crashed in his excitement .
1	After selecting them , he put them into a large pot .	Simon went shopping for the freshest ingredients he could find .	He brought the pot to a boil and started to cook .	Simon invited all of his friends over to try the soup .	As he was moving the soup to the table , he tripped and spilled it !
0	Tom needed to take the bus to his job	He was running late .	the bus ended up coming early .	he got on the bus	He arrived on time
4	And he decided he did n't want to learn how to draw anymore .	Rick wanted to learn how to draw .	So he took a beginning drawing class at his local college .	The first day , the class spent hours drawing primitive shapes .	Rick became quickly bored .
3	Irene was thrilled but nervous , and she practiced for days .	Irene was in the school choir .	They were performing a concert that weekend .	Her teacher called her aside and said he wanted Irene to sing a solo .	On concert night , everyone agreed Irene sang wonderfully !
1	She got her paper and pen ready and sat at the kitchen table .	Betty needed to make her weekly shopping list .	She went through a mental list of what she planned to do for the week .	Then the thoughts flowed and she let her pen flow across the paper .	The final list was made and she was ready to go shop .
1	He needed to make some money fast .	Jon was behind on his rent .	He decided to sell his gold ring .	He went to the pawn shop to sell the ring .	He finally had enough money to pay his rent .
3	They both went their separate ways .	Graham was unhappy in his relationship .	His girlfriend seemed distant and cold .	He asked her what was wrong and she was unhappy as well .	Graham is much happier being single .
3	He looked everywhere .	JIm went to the store .	He bought paper towels .	He got home and could not find them .	It turns out he left them in the car .
4	The person threw food and trash at Will 's car .	Will was driving to his college .	But someone behind him kept honking .	Will changed lanes .	And the person who was behind him pulled up next to him .
1	We googled this topic and found this was common for Keurigs .	We found ants in the water of our Keurig .	We flushed the machine but the ants came back .	We put out ant traps but a few came back .	They are finally gone , although we do not know the reason .
0	Johnny loved his Mom and Dad dearly .	He often did his chores and other shores without being told .	Johnny never asked much for Christmas because his family was poor .	His parents were injured badly one day and Johnny helped with all	His love shown through his actions
4	Laura wanted to be captain again next year .	Laura was great at softball .	She realized she loved it .	She was so good at it she became team captain .	Her team loved her as captain .
0	Jane looked at herself one last time before she left her apartment .	She got a taxi outside and arrived at the bar .	Jessica met her and they started to talk about the night out .	Jessica suggested that they go to a comedy show .	The two of them left and went to the show .
4	Richard almost fainted .	Richard was scared of cows .	One day he was in a road trip .	He was passing by a farm .	Richard observed hundreds of cows on a field .
2	There was no one there .	The door knocked loudly .	Roger opened the door .	Roger became scared .	His sister told him it was just the wind and laughed out loud .
2	At the hotel he opened it to get some clothes out .	Joe was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase .	He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his .	The suitcase was full of money and not clothes .	Joe counted the money and got very excited .
2	Then he found one that paid pretty good to write short stories .	David was searching on Amazon Mechanical Turk for a reasonable job .	He found a bunch of bad jobs that paid almost nothing .	So he wrote a few .	David was happy with his new job .
4	Now everyone knows all about the dark arts of the media .	Ryan made a living exposing the media to his benefit .	Now , he had to let people know how corrupt the media is .	So he wrote a tell all book on the media .	His book made the New York times bestseller list !
0	One day , a man named jed was feeling lonely .	He decided it would be a good time to take a walk .	Jed decided that he would walk to the park .	When he got to the park , it was very crowded .	Jed walked back home and went to bed .
2	As the wedding started , a storm came out of nowhere .	John and Tina 's wedding day had finally arrived .	They decided to have an outdoor wedding , and everyone was excited .	Thunder , lightning , and rain forced everyone into their cars .	The wedding was ruined and both John and Tina were sad .
4	Joe started to throw sand on the fire , people joined in and stopped it .	Joe was on the beach with some friends .	Down the beach the sea oats were on fire .	Joe had gone to see what was going on .	When he arrived everyone was just watching the fire .
4	The fruit flies were coming from a huge rotting bag of potatoes .	My house had a fruit fly problem that I did n't know how to so .	No matter what steps I took to eliminate them , they always came back .	I finally decided to clean the entire house , top to bottom .	I finally found the source of the fruit flies deep in a cabinet .
4	At the end of the session she felt very bonded .	Kelsi decided to volunteer during break instead of party .	She decided to help out at a homeless shelter in the city .	As soon as she got there she felt emotional .	She felt badly for the tenants .
4	I sat down and the cat behaved normally again .	My cat was meowing and acting weird .	I noticed that the cat 's food bowl was empty .	I grabbed the cat food and went to the bowl .	I refilled the food bowl and the cat ate .
2	His mother recommended his teacher for an award .	Henry 's teacher loved to teach .	Henry knew he had a great teacher and told his mother .	She won the award and the class threw a party for her .	Henry presented her with the class gift and flowers in recommendation .
2	Finally he flies to Utah .	Johnny had always wanted to see Utah .	He saves his money for the big trip .	He loves the friendly people he meets there .	Johnny is so glad he dream of visiting Utah came true .
0	Jessica and her boyfriend went to the theater to watch a movie .	There were many choices .	Jessica liked romance and her boyfriend liked horror .	They decided on a romantic horror flick .	Neither left the theater completely satisfied .
4	She felt really good when she put her ponytail in the mail .	Linda had n't cut her long hair in Years .	She was ready for a drastic change .	Her friend told her it would be such a waste to just waste her hair .	Linda compared companies that turn hair into wigs for patients .
2	Our two year old granddaughter was on .	My son in law facetimed my wife today .	It was her birthday .	Her dad wanted her to say Happy Birthday but she did not .	My wife enjoyed the session anyway .
4	I thanked her and walked off the stage .	The students who graduated this year attended the award ceremony .	The awards for the 8th graders were announced first .	I was called by my Spanish teacher .	She gave me the Most Improved award for Spanish .
3	Her mom packs her a lunch for the day .	The alarm clock beeps .	Sara jumps out of bed and runs downstairs for breakfast .	She eats a bowl of cereal and grabs her homework .	Sara runs out the school bus to go to school .
3	Gina was not very good after all .	Gina asked her mother to teach her spades .	She thought she would pick it up quickly .	But she found the game confusing .	But Gina tried her best in spite of this .
2	Sometimes Jeff just takes caffeine pills .	Jeff loves caffeine , he drinks it all day .	Sometimes it 's in the form of coffee or energy drinks .	He claims it makes him more productive at work .	Jeff works twice as fast as anyone else at his job .
4	Security did not press charges but banned him from the store .	My 14 year old nephew got caught shoplifting .	He was caught by supermarket security .	His father was deceased and his mother was at bingo .	I went to the store to get him .
4	When everything arrived , she opened her gifts .	Tabitha had ordered a lot of stuff for Christmas .	Unfortunately , not all of it made it on time .	Several of her gifts were scheduled to arrive after Christmas .	She decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday .
3	The coffee spilled all over the keyboard !	Rachel 's family had gotten a new computer .	Against her parents ' wishes , she snuck into the office to use it .	She accidentally knocked over the coffee cup her mother had left .	Rachel had to replace the keyboard with her own money .
1	I got into my car and went on the road .	I wanted to do a different thing than the usual .	I stopped at a blockbuster video store .	I went inside and rented a movie .	I brought the movie home and watched the whole thing .
2	He picked 10 lemons and brought them inside .	Bryan was thirsty while eating his lunch .	Bryan had a lemon tree outside , so he went out to get some .	He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher .	He made lemonade and continued eating his lunch .
4	Their divorce lawyers were their best man and maid of honor .	Bob and Jane got married on the fourth of July .	They had their first child on the fifth of August .	They got divorced on the sixth of May .	A year to the day later they married again .
2	Her labor pains had started .	Mary was nine months pregnant .	She woke up suddenly in the middle of the night .	Her husband rushed her to the hospital .	She gave birth to a healthy baby girl .
2	The scientists adopted this gorilla .	One day , scientists discovered a baby gorilla .	It was an orphan and all alone .	The scientists taught the gorilla sign language .	The gorilla learned to sign and lives in a zoo now .
4	Jane pulled the little book out and started to read .	Jane was using her sister 's TV to try out a new yoga DVD .	She was doing her stretches in the floor beside the bed .	While stretching , she noticed something tucked under the bed .	It was her sister 's diary !
4	Thankfully Rosie came back soon so Lulu got a break .	Lulu was very overwhelmed this last week .	Her housekeeper Rosie had been on vacation .	Therefore lulu had to do all the housework herself .	It was a total pain .
0	Kelly was very upset because her parents announced their divorce .	As a result , Kelly felt torn .	Her parents assured her it would be okay .	Kelly then went to speak to someone about her issues .	She then realized it would be alright .
1	One afternoon , Emily went to check on her cat .	Emily 's cat loved to hunt in the garage .	She found her cat sitting calmly beside a snake .	She figured the snake was dead , so she placed it outside .	When Emily looked out later , the snake was gone .
2	One day , his dog knocked his laptop out of his lap .	James had bought a new laptop for school .	He was careful with his laptop whenever he used it .	The laptop fell to the ground .	His laptop 's screen cracked and became unusable .
2	Jen also has a piano recital .	Jen has a ten page paper due tomorrow .	She has not even started .	Jen is going to have to pull an all-nighter .	Jen had to stay up until 3am to finish her paper .
4	Once there , I got to work on some papers that were needed .	My boss called and asked me to work over the weekend .	After some thought , I agreed it needed to be done .	I left the house early on a Saturday morning .	It did n't take long to get situated at work .
3	When the stylist showed her the cut she was horrified .	Sally needed a haircut .	She showed her stylist a picture of the haircut she wanted .	She waited patiently as the stylist cut her hair .	The haircut was nothing like the image , Sally cried .
4	She was not so stressed out about graduating now .	Enid was graduating soon .	She was nervous about what to do after graduation .	She wanted to go to college .	She talked to a counselor about her future .
2	After one nightmare , he decided to climb into his parent 's bed .	Matthew often had nightmares .	Sometimes he would be too scared to sleep alone .	He snuggled up next to his mom .	He slept soundly the rest of the night .
4	They all had a blast .	Roger was 80 years old .	Even though he was old , he still rock climbed .	He decided to go with his grandkids .	His grandkids agreed .
4	Ethan had to pay to replace the book .	Ethan checked out a book from the library .	He started to read it but then quickly forgot about it .	He ended up losing the book .	The library sent him a letter saying he had a past due balance .
4	Chad flexes his muscles on stage .	Chad has been lifting weights for years .	He decided he wants to enter a bodybuilding show .	He finds a show in Vegas and enters .	Chad invites his friends to come watch him in the show .
1	The two of them were very excited .	Katie and Fred were having their engagement at Laura 's house .	However to their dismay , their enemy Tina arrived .	They asked Tina to leave .	She would n't leave so they were stuck with her .
2	Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work .	Abby was always annoyed by the family dog .	He chewed up one of her toys and got very sick .	She cuddled with him on the couch while he recovered .	Now that he 's no longer sick they play together every day .
2	She went home and made sure she did her best job on it .	Cindy never did homework and blamed her dog for eating it .	One day her teacher said everyone who did homework would get candy .	When she went to the bathroom , her dog came by and ate her papers .	The teacher did not believe her and Cindy did n't get any candy .
4	In addition , he noticed that his red dress shirt was bleached .	Jimmy was organizing the dirty clothes .	He washed the white clothes first .	However , he accidentally threw a red dress shirt in the washer .	When the clothes were done , he straightened the clothes .
4	But he hit a car while trying to drive around his neighborhood .	Ron just got his driving permit .	And he was eager to start driving .	But his parents were n't home .	Ron decided driving would be easy enough .
3	John smiled and gave her the money for her lunch .	Sarah and John went to their lunch period together .	They got on line and picked out their food .	Sarah patted her pocket and realized she forgot her lunch money !	Sarah thanked him profusely and they enjoyed their lunch together !
2	He practiced his moves everyday .	Jimmy had been training for karate .	He really wanted to get his black belt .	He demonstrated his training to his instructor .	His instructor awarded him with a black belt for his hard work .
2	I started baking them and began to clean the house .	One day , I decided to make buttered buns .	I got the buns , buttered them and put them in the oven .	As I was cleaning , the buns caught in fire !	I put out the fire and vowed never to make hot buns again .
1	She had not received a raise for the past fourteen months .	Julia has been working with the same company for many Year 's .	Julia decided to meet with her supervisor .	She was able to negotiate a pay increase .	She felt accomplished in achieving her goal .
3	The took it the their car and tied it down .	The family went to the farm to find a Christmas tree .	The found one and chopped it down .	It was the perfect size .	When they got home they decorated it .
4	He passed away while he was sleeping and had a smile on his face .	Rick was an older man with a large family .	He knew that he had done well in his life .	When he found out that he had cancer he knew that he would die .	Rick accepted his fate and started to say good bye .
2	He texted his wife telling her that he had to work .	Jerry had to work overtime on a Friday night .	He was really disappointed that he would miss his wife 's dinner .	Jerry was barely awake by the time he got home .	Jerry had to eat microwaved leftovers for his dinner .
1	He was excited to open the package when it came in the mail .	Jim ordered the new iphone on release date .	To his surprise , the iphone did not turn on .	Jim sent it back to Apple because it had a defective battery .	Jim got a new iphone in the mail the next day .
4	A nurse came to help her .	Natalie was sitting at lunch with her friends .	Suddenly her stomach began to hurt .	She stood up and gripped her stomach .	Then she threw up all over .
0	Ronald went hiking with his dog this weekend .	Ronald was a bit nervous because his dog has run off once .	He kept an eye on him most of the time .	Ronald ignored him for one minute and he was gone .	Ronald spent the rest of the day looking for his dog .
4	He ended up losing the house .	Greg was on webcam .	Suddenly he sees a fire in his room .	He tries to stomp it out but it was too big .	He ran out and called the cops .
3	Bethany apologized for not paying more attention .	Bethany was listening to some music in the car .	She suddenly got pulled over by a police officer .	The police officer said that she was going 10 miles over the limit .	The police officer wrote Bethany a ticket for $ 50 .
3	When Jon looked outside , nobody was here .	Henry was driving to his reunion party .	He put the address of the place into his GPS .	After several minutes , the GPS told him that he arrived .	He realized that he entered the wrong address .
4	Tom was both amazed and humbled at his dad .	Tom thought he was an amazing chess player .	He always beat everyone he played .	One day he challenged his dad to a game of chess .	His dad beat him three games in a row .
3	He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed .	It was getting cold outside and starting to snow .	Brad needed to get new tires on his car to be safe in winter .	He had saved up for months for this event .	Brad was happy as he felt reassured about driving in the upcoming days
4	Mark got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight !	Mark had a 9am flight to Chicago .	He woke up late and hit traffic , it was 8:50 when he got to the gate .	He had to wait in a very long line and he was sure to miss his flight .	Just then , they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed .
3	He wishes that he had tried curry long before .	Felipe had never eaten a traditional Indian curry .	One day his coworkers take him to a local Indian restaurant to try it .	Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious .	Now Indian curry is one of Felipe 's favorite foods .
1	He was very serious and always told the truth .	Abel was a very sweet and quiet boy .	One day he was playing with another boy when he was n't supposed to .	His teacher got on to him for not doing the right thing .	That was the first and last time Abel ever got in trouble .
2	He spends the entire day with his father learning each step .	Jorge has always wanted to learn his father 's famous recipe for beans .	Finally the day has arrived for Jorge to learn .	Once he has learned , he practices making beans at his own home .	Jorge is proud he has finally learned his father 's recipe for beans .
3	Her stepfather accused her of being lazy .	Anita did n't know her real father , but her step father was around .	Her step father liked his kids more , and proved it when he beat Anita .	It was after lunch and Anita watched TV instead of washing dishes .	Then he took her outside and beat her with the water-hose .
2	All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute .	James wanted a new puppy .	He went to the adoption center to find one .	James finally picked a black and white puppy .	James took the puppy home .
4	He got his tooth pulled and the pain was over .	Tom had a bad tooth ache .	He screamed at night because of the pain .	He did n't see the dentist because it was too expensive .	It was so bad that he finally gave in .
4	Wags was happy to be back in his bed that night beside Fred .	Fred was so upset that his puppy Wags was missing .	Fred and his sister hung up signs all around the neighborhood .	Soon , a man called and told them he had a found Wags !	Fred and his sister met up with the man and got Wags back .
4	It turned out to taste pretty good , like chicken .	Carrie was out at a restaurant with her family .	They were eating seafood .	Suddenly , a waiter appeared and offered a sample of alligator .	Carrie decided to give it a try even though she was grossed out .
4	Nate immediately got up and cleaned himself .	Nate came out of the doctor 's office .	He was walking funny since he felt tired .	In a few seconds , he passed on the sidewalk .	His brother woke him up several minutes later .
1	David 's friend spilled juice on the shirt .	David had a favorite shirt .	David shouted at his friend .	The friend was frightened .	David got his friend more juice .
3	The men could not agree whether to call it a draw .	Two men played tennis at night in a lit court .	During a volley , an owl swooped in and seized their last ball .	The owl flew off into the night , hooting .	They parted angrily , and never spoke again .
3	People were on the edge of their seats .	The panthers were down 10 points in 1 minute .	Nobody believed they could come back , it was impossible .	Until they scored 8 points in 40 seconds .	The panthers then took the lead with one second left !
0	One Christmas we decided that we wanted to cut down our own tree .	We went to a tree farm and took a hayride out behind the fields .	We searched through the trees to find the perfect one .	Once we found it we each took turns using the saw to cut it down .	After we paid , we took or tree home and decorated it for the holiday .
0	Shane and his family had just moved into a new house .	All of the kids were checking it out .	Shane found the bedroom that he wanted , but his brother followed him .	His brother also wanted the room , and a fight broke out .	Their mom appeared and decided to give the room to their sister .
0	Ike walked down the street and passed a thrift store .	He saw a red shirt in the display window that he liked .	He walked into the store and asked if he could buy it .	The shop owner said it was not for sale .	Ike pulled out $ 50 and the store owner changed his mind .
1	Every single thing he saw reminded him of her .	He missed her terribly .	He loved her from the bottom of his heart .	She hesitated to send the email but finally relented .	She missed him too and she wanted him back .
0	Carl had been looking forward to his 2nd grade science fair .	He thought for a long time about what kind of project to do .	In the end , he decided to go with an old classic and make a volcano .	He took great care in making the volcano , and was proud to set it off .	Carl did n't win , but he did n't care - his explosion was spectacular !
1	She would be working the cashier at a boutique shop .	Tara had recently gotten a summer job at the mall .	She worked very diligently all summer .	She saved the money that she made over summer .	Tara was able to buy her textbooks with the money that she made .
0	I prefer songs that have unconventional vocals .	My cousin introduced me to the music of Janis Joplin .	It quickly became my absolute favorite .	I decided to try to attend one of her concerts .	I discovered that she has been dead for half a century .
1	Zach had n't really studied for it .	Zach did n't think he did very well on the test .	He had too many TV shows to catch up on on Netflix .	All week , he watched these videos instead of studying .	Zach scored 72 % on the test .
0	Franklin liked to steal items from people .	He stole money and jewelry from people at work .	Franklin was caught one day and arrested .	He spent over a year in jail for his crime .	Franklin still steals and has n't changed his ways .
1	She was ten Year 's old .	I took my daughter to see The Nutcracker in 1995 .	The performance was in a theater in Boston .	She enjoyed the performance very much .	She now has a daughter and will take her to the ballet someday .
0	Yesterday Kelly went out to eat .	She decided to go to her favorite restaurant .	Yet to her dismay , the service was terrible .	Kelly was upset .	She did not leave a tip and never wanted to return .
2	He did n't know how to pay for them .	Chase was on a tight budget .	He needed some things for his home .	His sister told him to try the dollar store .	They had everything he needed !
2	The old man went on vacation to his destination .	The old man was tired of work and wanted to go on vacation .	The old man looked at a map and picked a destination .	The old man was lonely on his vacation .	The old man realized that home was the best place .
1	There was a surprise test for her English class one day .	Kimberly was the best student at her school .	Every student in the class failed except her .	The next day the teacher wrote the grades on the board .	Every student in the class refused to speak to her from then on .
4	I will be happy tomorrow .	I 'm feeling very sad today .	All I can do is cry .	I tell myself it will be okay .	I sit and think aloud .
2	Chemistry class was extremely boring for Dan .	Dan stayed up late playing video games .	He was so tired the next morning .	He fell asleep and started snoring loudly .	Dan 's teacher slammed books on his desk and Dan jumped up .
3	So Dad gives him a blanket and tells him that it 's a magic blanket .	Sam ca n't sleep at night .	He is afraid of the monsters under the bed .	Dad tells him there is no such thing as monsters but it does n't help .	Sam believes that he is protected by the blanket and he sleeps well .
3	I liked listening these albums though .	I do n't usually listen to commercial Christmas music .	Classical music labels started issuing their own records .	Often the music was not recognizable as Christmas music .	I still listen to classical Christmas albums during the season .
3	My sister convinced me to see a doctor .	I was afraid of things that are not scary .	My fear made my life hard .	I could n't leave my own house .	I feel better now that I am medicated .
1	In 2004 they meet the Yankees again in the playoffs .	In 2003 the Red Sox choke in the playoffs to the Yankees .	Things are n't going much better this year .	The favored Red Sox lose the first three games of the series .	They become the 1st team to come back from 0-3 and win the series .
3	Her sister said she would make her a pie if she let her pick the name .	Sheila was due to have a baby girl .	She was having trouble picking a name for her .	Sheila 's sister wanted to name the baby for her .	Sheila agreed and named the baby what her sister picked out .
1	Ali and May 's sister Val hated each other .	Beth and her sister Ali were at May 's house ,	Beth and May had to break up a fight between them .	Beth tried to find out why the girls were fighting .	She could get no where since the girls just blamed each other .
1	His primary job as a web developer did not pay very well .	Webster wanted to find himself a part-time job .	He applied to be a cashier .	He got the job .	Webster found the working calming and liked interacting with people .
1	When they arrived , it was very cold inside .	Nadine was going to a cabin with her boyfriend .	They turned on the heaters but that was n't helping much .	Instead , they decided to light a fire .	Soon , the whole cabin was toasty warm .
1	As they grew older , they drifted apart .	Rick and his dad used to see wrestling matches together all the time .	Then when Rick turned 40 , his dad bought him a special birthday gift .	It was a pair of tickets to a local wrestling match .	The two men enjoyed the match- and their trip down memory lane .
0	I was very hungry one day and went to my kitchen to get food .	I opened my cabinet and found a package of cookies .	I went to another cabinet and grabbed a plate for the cookies .	When I opened the cookies ' package , I dropped the food everywhere .	I picked the cookies up , put them on my plate , and ate them anyway .
3	On the next pitch , Billy connected and hit a homerun !	Billy 's baseball team had made the championship game .	The game was tied at the bottom of the ninth inning .	Billy swung twice and missed .	His team won and they all cheered for Billy !
0	Lucy and Gina were at the pool .	Lucy was n't a very strong swimmer .	She was in over her head and panicked .	After a struggle she was able to swim to the edge of the pool .	She nearly drowned , but she decided to continue swimming .
2	I was installing the new cabinets when I ran into a problem .	Today I decided to put new cabinets in my kitchen .	I tore out all of the old cabinets without a problem .	I had not measured the cabinets correctly .	I buy some new cabinets and now I am waiting for them to come in .
3	She shrieked and the spider ran off .	Aspen was walking through the park .	She felt something on her foot .	When she looked down she saw a huge spider .	From then on she kept an eye on her feet all the time .
0	Ben felt he was n't an artistic person .	He decided to sign up for painting classes .	Ben quickly found out he was a natural .	His instructor was shocked at his artistic skills .	Ben has started his own painting class for beginners .
1	She soon found a man begging for change .	Joan walked to the store to buy some food .	Joan thought about how she could help .	Joan bout some bread and water for the man .	The man thanked Joan and ate what she gave .
1	Tabatha was raking the leaves in her front yard .	It was a chilly fall afternoon .	She found a pregnant cat laying in a pile of leaves .	She took the cat to her home to take care of it .	The cat gave birth to 3 healthy kittens at her house .
1	He did n't mean to , but he fell asleep .	Max was laying in bed with his new baby .	Suddenly , he awoke to a cry .	He looked on the ground and saw that the baby had fallen .	He took the baby to the doctor and luckily he was fine .
1	He needed to withdraw money for the weekend .	Tim went to the ATM .	He insert his debit card .	The machine would not dispense his money .	Tim called up support and was able to get his money after a few hours .
2	Two of his friends helped with the preparations .	Wilfred wanted to throw a BBQ for all of his friends and neighbors .	He went to the store to buy the meat .	On the day of the barbecue everything was going well until it rained .	The barbecue continued inside the house and everyone had fun .
4	Our granddaughter always pets the turtle when she sees it .	We have a big ceramic turtle in our apt .	It has a lot of gold coloring on it .	I bought the turtle in a Chinese shop .	I think the Chinese view turtles as symbols of prosperity .
1	She was so excited to become a mommy .	Katey was pregnant with her first baby .	Her blood pressure was too high .	Her baby needed to be born early .	Though tiny , her baby was born healthy !
1	He shakes hands and kisses any baby offered to him .	Daryl always has a cheerful smile for everyone in the community .	When he goes to Washington , he plays golf instead of casting votes .	All his constituents thinks he 's the best politician ever .	Daryl never votes on anything they disagree with .
3	He wanted to be like the guys he admired while growing up .	Tom watched wrestling shows as a kid growing up .	He admired the guys with huge muscles beating each other up .	In high school , Tom began working out , using steroids .	After getting sick , he gave steroids up in order to save his health .
0	After years of waiting , Jason finally got a dog named Jake .	Jason cried when the puppy arrived .	For the next decade and a half , the two were inseparable .	Jake got very sick and Jason had to put him down .	Just as he had done when saying hello , Jason cried saying goodbye .
0	Samantha and her family were eating at a restaurant .	At the next table over were two parents with their toddler .	He was screaming .	He wanted more french fries .	Samantha had to leave because it was too loud .
3	He looked around and saw that no one had seen .	George was walking past a row of parked bikes .	Suddenly , he bumped one of the back tires .	This caused all of the bikes to go falling over .	Quickly , he fled from the seen .
2	He tried so hard to write a book and persisted for many years .	Edgar tried many years to write a book .	He suffered through a lot writer 's block .	One day he finished his first novel and submitted it for publishing .	His story was approved and sold many copies .
3	She guessed that her friend Claire was the culprit but was not sure .	Janet got the mail on Thursday and noticed she received a letter .	The writer of the letter claimed to be Janet but from the future .	Janet was suspicious and immediately suspected a prank at hand .	To this day , none of her friends have taken credit for this .
2	After erecting their tent , John and Mark bedded down for the night .	John went on a camping trip with his brother Mark .	They found a good spot for camp deep in the woods .	Mark bolted up , saying he heard a scary animal lurking outside .	At that moment , a skunk walked right into their tent .
3	Joe now uses a track much further away .	Joe always loved the horse races at his local track .	He often won a lot of bets at that track .	One day a big storm blew over the stables and destroyed the stands .	He misses the familiarity of his old track .
0	Keesha and her family lived in Kansas .	It was a quiet evening when the weather alert began to go off .	The local tornado sirens began to sound loudly .	Keesha and her family all ran to their storm shelter .	They stayed in there until the sirens were quiet again .
4	Jim felt disappointed by his choice .	Jim had a week off from work .	He decided to go on a short vacation .	Jim decided to go to California because of the weather .	It rained when he arrived .
2	Her daughter reached behind herself to throw items out of the cart .	Ana decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store .	She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart .	She screamed when Ana stopped to look at an item .	Ana resolved never to take her child to the store again .
0	Grace had been talking to Joe online for a few months .	They finally set up a first date .	She ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived .	Grace got nervous when Joe still had n't shown after fifteen minutes .	Just as she was feeling foolish Joe walked in sweaty but smiling .
1	He sold lots of hats all day .	Tim was selling hats .	However , he soon ran out .	Tim had an idea .	He made his own hats and the customers stayed happy .
2	Jen did n't want to say that she faked her numbers so she went with it .	Jen was bored doing inventory at the warehouse so she made up numbers .	Her work caused a panic when her manager thought they lost a lot .	To cover her tracks , she staged a break-in and made it look real .	The news report said robbers made off with $ 1 million in rubber bands .
3	The next day , he purposely tripped Henry while he was walking .	Henry called Jeff ugly and pushed him into the trash .	Jeff was n't happy and decided to run away .	After he got home , he decided to clean himself up .	He also called Henry ugly since his face landed on the ground .
4	After Jim rested and took his medicine , he felt much better .	Jim had a fever and he was feeling very weak .	Jim went to see the doctor .	The doctor checked Jim 's temperature and his throat .	The doctor prescribed Jim some medicine and told him to rest .
3	When they arrived the girls took selfies out front .	Kim and Beth had tickets for a tour at NBC studios .	They could see the studio from down the street .	They were both really excited .	When they viewed their photo Matt Lauer was in the background .
0	Henry bent down to pick up a piece of paper on the floor .	Hannah quietly approach Henry .	She managed to kick him on his but .	He ended up tumbling on the ground .	Hannah aggressively laughed .
3	I slid the money in my pocket without anyone seeing .	I inside an auto parts store to the counter .	On the ground there was a $ 5 bill .	I pretended to tie my shoes so I could grab it .	I used the money to buy a new brake light .
2	Bob was excited and took a picture with the bird .	Bob was playing outside .	All of the sudden , a bird decided to perch on his shoulder .	The bird suddenly flew away .	Bob realized that the bird defecated on his shoulder .
1	She was very unhappy with how she looked and felt .	Kat was fifty pounds overweight .	One day , Kat read about a marathon that would take place next year .	She hired a trainer and began eating right .	The next year , she ran the marathon and finished it .
4	The people loved his music and he felt very happy .	Paul was nervous , but excited .	He had never played in front of a crowd before .	Paul knew an open mic was good chance to get over his nerves .	He got up and began to play .
4	It had a worm in it .	Joe spent several minutes picking the perfect pair .	He was at the grocery store checking each one out .	He would squeeze , look and evaluate .	Finally he bit into his choice and had a terrible surprise .
2	She added mushrooms and sauteed onions .	Ruthie decided to try a new spaghetti sauce .	She cooked the meat .	She pureed tomatoes .	When she mixed it all together it was perfect !
3	He confronted Madison and she admitted to stealing the money .	James worked very hard and made eight dollars .	He went out to play and when he came back there was only six dollars .	James thought that his sister Madison stole some of his money .	Madison apologized and repaired James for the stolen money .
1	She lived far away from him , and was hungry .	Marcy asked her boyfriend to buy her a pizza online .	She heard a knock on the door , and it was a large pepperoni pizza .	Marcy called her boyfriend and thanked him .	Her boyfriend said he never bought her a pizza .
0	Tim wanted to be on a professional basketball team .	He was not the best on his high school team but had high hopes .	He practiced every day as hard as he could , year after year .	His basketball team went on to winning the nationals .	Tim was asked by a NBA team to play for them , and he happily accepted .
1	One day , while answers emails , he became curious about the company .	James worked in a large office building .	He began to ask his co-workers questions .	One of them was where the headquarters of the company was located .	Surprised , the co-workers told him that this was the headquarters !
3	A Coca-Cola bottle came out .	My friend and I decided to go to school to review for a test .	Before we started , she wanted to get a drink from the vending machine .	When she put her dollar in , she entered a number in .	However , another bottle surprisingly came out .
3	She agreed to do so after work .	I wanted to make scrambled eggs for breakfast .	My girlfriend ate the last eggs we had .	I asked her if she could buy more .	I ate cereal instead .
4	He survived until payday with eight dollars left .	Bryan only had one hundred dollars in his checking account .	He had two bills to pay and it was three days before he got paid .	He paid both bills for a total of ninety two dollars .	He ate nothing but ramen noodles for the next three days .
2	She said squid and octopus .	Ben received a special soup from his mother .	He asked what was in it .	Although he refused to eat it , his mom threatened him to eat it .	After taking his first bite , Ben threw up .
3	Cassandra chased after Yolanda across an open field of grass .	Yolanda was walking home from school .	She was suddenly confronted by her school bully Cassandra .	Yolanda quickly ran away from Cassandra .	Yolanda was able to make it home before her bully could catch her .
1	We were all super excited for her .	My daughter was going to participate in her first program .	She had a dress code that she had to stick to .	She did n't have anything to match the mandatory dress code .	My sister surprised my daughter with the outfit that she needed .
0	When Alex 's parents go away for the weekend they put him in charge .	Alex sees a great opportunity with a convention in town .	He puts an ad in craigslist renting out the rooms .	When his parents come home early they are furious .	They ground Alex for six months .
3	There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before .	Gina had been out of town for 2 weeks at her grandmother 's house .	Her grandmother had very few channels on her TV .	She was watching cable at her Uncle Frank 's house .	Gina had n't realized how much she missed in 2 weeks without cable .
0	Lindsay loved biking .	One day while biking she spotted a fox .	Lindsay stopped in her tracks .	She waited until the fox moved on from the area .	She then rode as fast as she could away from the area .
3	The cop arrested her .	Carol was driving home .	She got pulled over .	She was n't speeding and was confused .	He thought she was someone else .
3	By the end of the week there were few onions left .	Chef Red ordered too many onions by accident for the week .	He told the cooks to come up with new dishes that used the onions .	All week the restaurant featured many onion specials .	Chef Red thanked all the cooks for helping get rid of the onions .
1	One day , a new girl joined the team .	Amber always thought she was the best tennis player on her team .	Amber agreed to playing against her to test her skill level .	The new girl gave Amber a run for her money and won .	Amber was disappointed that she lost to a new comer .
2	Her friend Tami joined in the chase .	Gina was chasing a boy around the class to get her pencil back .	But he was too fast for her .	The two girls were no match for the thin tall boy .	Gina realized they needed to come up with a plan to catch the boy .
2	I had to be very careful to finish the job with the cracked rake .	I was raking the leaves in my front lawn with an old rake .	The rake cracked in the middle as I was using it .	Alas , the crack grew and the rake split in two .	I took out tape and was able to fix the rake to finish the job .
2	On the way out I saw that they were selling the storefront sign .	My friends and I went to the A & P grocery store during a big sale .	The store is closing , so we bought a lot of food for not a lot of cash .	I asked the manager if I could buy that too .	Now I have a large A & P sign in my living room .
4	The manager told Jared that he won a random large cash prize .	Jared was hungry one day while on a walk .	He saw a local ice cream shop and decided to walk in .	Jared walked into the line and waited to order .	When Jared finally placed an order , confetti filled the room .
0	Milly 's class was learning about alternative medicine .	They visited an acupuncturist to learn more about it .	Milly was shocked by how long the needles were .	The practitioner asked for a volunteer to have a needle inserted .	Milly moved to the back of the line to make sure he did n't pick her .
1	She had been returned twice before	Our dog came from a rescue .	I thought she had a great demeanor .	We took her home that day .	Nine Years later , she 's still our best friend !
4	He ended up with 10 fish by the end of the day .	Eric was not a good fisherman .	He would fish for days and get nothing at all .	Then he got a new lure at the bait shop .	He tried it out for the first time .
1	He currently squats about two hundred pounds .	One of Jeff 's goals is to squat three hundred pounds .	He trained real hard for six months .	He also ate extremely well and got plenty of sleep .	He now squats well over three hundred pounds .
2	The we went to dinner , where we discussed the movie .	Last night my husband and I went out together .	First we saw a funny movie .	We managed to squeeze in dessert even though we were both full !	Then , we headed home after dinner to relax on the couch .
4	Overall , we ended up eating leftovers from the fridge .	My mom wanted me to buy food for the house .	Since I was saving my money , I asked my sister if she can buy it .	Although she got paid today , she did n't want to spend any money .	We argued for several minutes .
1	I purchased a gym membership .	I made a New Year 's Resolution to get in shape .	I bought new workout clothes to look good while exercising .	My first day at the gym was exhausting .	I do n't know how long I will keep my resolution .
2	They had cool cabins and hideouts in the woods .	Wood were in back of the house my brother and I lived in .	I always wanted to play with my big brother and his friends .	One day they told me there were skeletons in the trees to scare me .	Since I was little , they did not want me around .
0	I woke up to a warm spring day after a long winter .	I threw open the windows .	I ran outside .	Within seconds I was covered in pollen .	I ran back in sneezing like a crazy person .
4	I divorced him and never looked back .	I learned the hard way about love .	I gave more love than I was given .	One day I just stopped caring .	My lover came back with the same old same old stuff .
3	I could n't pick which one I wanted so I just kept picking up new dogs .	As a child I jumped up and down .	The time had come for our family to get a new dog .	They were all different shapes and sizes .	My brother though was stuck on one , and she became Lady .
0	Jen was concerned about her mother 's smoking .	She respectfully approached the subject with her mom .	Jen tearfully explained she was worried her mom would get cancer .	Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking .	She succeeded and now Jen 's not worried about her mom getting cancer .
4	Joey felt guilty about praying for a snow day .	Joey prayed for snow so school would close for the day .	He was ecstatic when the weatherman said a blizzard was coming .	The blizzard hit and closed the school and roads .	Joey heard that several people had died in the snowstorm .
2	But his dad said everyone had to pitch in .	Timothy 's father announced they were going to clean out the attic .	Timothy grumbled because he wanted to play baseball .	After a couple hours , they were done .	Finally , Timothy was able to go play ball .
2	He went into the other room and had me close my eyes .	My husband proposed to me on Christmas day .	He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present .	Then he made a lot of noise like he was carrying something heavy .	When I opened my eyes he was down on one knee !
3	She found the news depressing and never watched it .	Robin could n't sleep .	At 7 AM she turned on the TV in her room .	There was only news and cartoons on the 4 channels she had .	She lay in bed watching Muppet Babies .
4	She packed the jars , dusted them , and put them on a shelf at home .	Joan 's grandma had to go to a nursing home .	Joan went to help clean out the grandma 's old house .	She came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside .	Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled .
1	But one of his friends asked him to play an online game .	James just put a piece of fish in his oven .	James accepted and quickly became absorbed in the game .	He decided to take a bathroom break but smelled something burning .	He opened his oven and saw a black piece of fish .
1	Amanda needed to decide if she should get a new or used car .	Amanda was in the market for a car .	Amanda did a price comparison for a new car and used car .	In looking at the prices , Amanda decided to buy a new car .	Amanda was happy with her decision to buy a new car .
2	They said that they could n't get me since they live too far .	My friends invited me to go to the beach .	I told them I needed a ride since I have no car .	Therefore , I stayed home .	I became sad after looking at the beach pictures on social media .
4	Finally , Byron was a musician !	Byron wanted to become a musician .	So , Byron enrolled in music school .	He tried the guitar , the piano , and the saxophone .	Byron eventually mastered these instruments .
4	She bypassed breakfast , and grabbed a huge chunk of cake .	Amy had been crying all night .	But the next morning she felt better .	She even felt silly for crying so hard .	She left her room to see her family eating breakfast .
4	They discovered they were both adopted , and must be long lost twins !	Tom was getting coffee at the cafe when he saw a familiar man .	The other man looked exactly like Tom !	Tom was scared , but the other man saw him too .	Both men did n't know what to think until they started talking .
3	Smokey took the car , packed her apartment , loaded it up and left .	Smokey lived alone in a small apartment and could barely pay her rent .	She decided to get a better job but she needed transportation .	A local church decided to buy her a used car as a gift .	No one has heard from her since .
1	I forgot to rsvp .	I was invited to a wedding .	A lot of other people also forgot to rsvp .	As a result , the people running the wedding were not prepared .	There was not enough food for everyone .
0	Neil had hiked the whole Camino in Spain .	He had just arrived in Santiago de Compostela .	Next , it was time to visit the church !	Neil visited the holy spot of the ancient pilgrims .	He blessed himself and prayed to God for a safe trip !
0	My girlfriend woke me up very early this past Saturday .	I could tell she was very excited about something .	She led me out to the car and said we were going for a ride .	About ten minutes later , we pulled into a Christmas tree lot .	We picked out the perfect tree and are very excited for the holidays .
3	He picked dozens of apples and brought them to his grandma .	Jay loved apple pie , especially homemade from his grandma .	But his grandma could n't afford apples often , so he rarely got pie .	Then one day Jay noticed three apple trees in his neighborhood !	She made him three pies and he stuffed himself silly !
1	The summer before high school , she decided it was time to change that .	Ali was always a very shy girl .	She went to classes on extroversion and sociability .	She learned how to make friends and act outgoing .	When she started high school , Ali had no problems making friends !
4	Ann was so impressed , she accepted his invitation immediately .	Ted was shy around girls .	He wanted to find a date to his prom .	Too nervous to ask someone in person , he learned how to write poetry .	Ted wrote a beautiful sonnet for Ann , asking her to the prom .
2	Nothing in the room fit in the handle slot .	Gina needed to find something to fit in the door handle slot .	The handle fell out and stranded her in the room .	Finally she decided to try a Barbie doll leg .	It was a long shot , but she had to try everything .
0	I stopped at the stop light by the road intersection .	There was an old man selling a set of fruits .	No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows .	Although I did n't want the fruits , I just decided to buy it .	Before moving , he thanked me .
1	Fred felt the rumble from the train below his feet .	Fred was in a crowd at a train station one day .	All of a sudden a man began running towards the tracks .	He jumped in front of the train , but the train slowed down .	Right before it hit the man , the train came to a halt so the man ran .
3	They bought it up instantly !	Karen grew her own vegetables in her garden .	She wanted to sell them but nobody wanted plain vegetables .	She decided to try and sell coleslaw to her neighbors .	Karen has expanded her garden and now sells coleslaw full-time !
2	He let them know that he had no money to pay his bill yet .	Mark was having trouble paying all of his bills .	He called his internet company to discuss his options .	They offered to extend the due date a few weeks .	Mark was so grateful and he thanked them .
0	Elizabeth has a big exam tomorrow morning .	When she wakes up , she realizes she forgot to set her alarm !	With ten minutes to spare , she skips breakfast and runs to school .	She arrives just on time and aces the test .	From then on , Elizabeth made sure to always set her alarm .
2	Mark thought going to Ireland would be cool .	Mark loved to travel .	He visited the West Coast many times .	Mark planned a trip to Ireland with his girlfriend .	When he got there , he proposed to his girlfriend .
3	When it is all clean , she folds it and puts it away .	Freda notices that most of her clothing is dirty .	She decides that she needs to clean some of it .	Freda brings her laundry to the laundromat to clean .	Freda is glad that she has cleaned her laundry .
1	He looked outside and wanted to shoo it away .	Ron could not sleep because he heard a whining cat in his backyard .	But he felt sorry and decided to take the cat inside .	The next morning , he saw sign for a lost cat , including a reward .	Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night .
3	She spent all day trying to find it .	The new secretary pretended to actually files things but lied .	She just put files in the file cabinet at random .	Her boss asked her to retrieve a very important file .	She found it in the recycling bin at last .
3	Billy was not happy about this .	Billy got his end of the year report card .	He got an F in math .	His parents made him go to summer school .	He determined it was the worst summer ever !
3	Outside in the heat of the morning Larry began to regret his decision .	Walking to work was n't so bad Larry decided .	He packed his work shirt into a light backpack .	He put on a tee-shirt and slung the backpack over his shoulder .	Finding his rhythm was easy , tho and he decided to commit to walking .
0	I was walking .	Suddenly , my shoe sole broke .	I fixed the shoe with duct tape .	Alas , the next day the laces frayed beyond repair .	So , I decided to buy some new shoes .
2	The bike flipped and she fell on the ground .	Cassidy was riding her bike .	She was going down her driveway when she hit a rock .	Her mom rushed out to check on her .	It turned out that her arm was broken .
1	Neither of them seemed to falter .	Jarred and Jake had a balancing contest on the balance beam .	Suddenly a gust of wind came from the east .	The wind cause Jarred to lose his balance !	Jake was the champion of the balance beam !
4	Then she saw Nell was pointing at the family 's fancy poodle .	Nell 's parents heard a black family was moving on their block .	Nell saw the moving truck come .	When the family got out , Nell pointed excitedly .	Her mom pulled at Nell 's arm , embarrassed .
0	Georgia is the mother of my friend Phil .	She lives in another town about 3 hours away .	I think she is getting confused because last night she called me .	She asked me to pick her up and take her to the doctor 's office .	I 'm not sure who she thought she had called .
0	Josh loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis .	His friend Ben was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey .	The two boys decided to help each other out .	They got together and traded sports techniques .	Now each boy is twice as athletic !
4	He still longs for her from afar .	Tom loved Sicilia with all his heart .	She never knew it .	He wrote her a letter explaining everything .	But he chickened out and never gave it to her .
0	Roger had a very large key ring full of various keys .	After many years , Roger did n't even know what some of the keys were .	After his passing , Roger 's family tried to figure out all the keys .	They found one very strange key that they finally fit to a safe .	Inside the safe was thousands of dollars worth of gold .
0	Gina wanted to keep the stray dog she found .	She knew she needed to prove it was a good idea to keep the dog .	So she told her mother all the good things she could come up with .	But her mother had made up her mind .	There was nothing she could say to convince her mother .
4	To this day they never have found the body .	Ed was an expert surfer .	He surfed all the time whenever he could .	One day he was riding a monster wave .	He fell off the board and got knocked out .
0	There was a fire a Kay 's house and she lost all her toys .	Her mother told her she would buy her new ones .	One day Kay 's mother gave her a brand new kid sized table .	Kay was happy since this was the toy she missed most .	Even though she liked the table she still missed the old one .
0	In 2005 we went to a neighbor 's quinceanera .	Her mother hired a limo for transport .	She rented a hall and hired a videographer .	We toasted the daughter as she danced in a fancy white dress .	It was first and only appearance at a quinceanera .
0	Joe told everyone Stevie Wonder stole his song .	He got a lawyer and took Stevie to court for copyright infringement .	The court hired musicologists to compare the notes .	Joe lost the case because he could n't prove Stevie ever had access .	Now he owes $ 240k to pay Stevie 's lawyer costs .
1	Suddenly , her toe caught on the car mat .	Michelle was climbing out of the car .	Her nail accidentally ripped off .	She clutched her foot in pain .	Finally , she took a look and saw that the whole thing was gone .
3	Instead I was offered a promotion and a raise .	I work in a store .	Today my boss called me into his office .	I thought I was going to get in trouble for calling out sick last week	I 'm looking forward to my new work responsibilities .
2	And she sprayed air at it with a compressed air canister .	Jill was worried that her dusty keyboard would make her sick .	So she took the keyboard outside .	The dust went in her throat and eyes .	And Jill ended up feeling sick .
0	We went to Cleveland to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .	We walked around the unique shaped building .	Each level of it had unique artifacts and exhibits .	We loved watching some of the videos and reliving history .	It is something we will absolutely want to go back to !
1	Many birds flew toward it to get some seeds .	I filled up the bird feeder in the yard .	I noticed a beautiful blue jay .	It quickly flew over to the feeder .	Then back to it 's nest with it 's mouth full of food .
3	One day a group of tourists came through the town .	Barry loved to scavenge for young saplings in the forest .	He would use the saplings to weave durable baskets .	He would sell his baskets in a local town .	They bought every last one of Barry 's baskets !
2	But when she got there she realized it was not that fun .	Eliza was on vacation with cousins to Disney in Orlando .	At first she was excited .	The weather was hot and stuffy and the lines were long .	The only redeeming part was going for a swim at the hotel .
3	Sue kissed her grandma goodbye for the last time .	Sue went to visit her grandma in a nursing home .	The old woman no longer recognized Sue .	During their visit , the grandma clutched a threadworn rag doll .	When she heard her grandma died , Sue asked for the rag doll .
4	Prosecutors say Carlos was n't illegally parked .	Carlos pulled up to his cousin 's house and parked at the curb .	He got out his car and walked to the front door .	A police officer pulled up and told Carlos he was illegally parked .	Carlos tried to go inside the house and the cop put a gun to his head .
2	He just turned 16 , but they celebrated Marks 4th birthday .	Today was a leap day in a leap year .	It was also Marks birthday , so he went out with friends .	They thought it was funny , but a cop heard them celebrate .	They finished eating , and the cop stopped Mark to see his license !
4	Then , Chaz asked the guests to leave for a bit .	Chaz and Molly had just had a baby .	They were in the hospital that same evening .	Suddenly , visitors began pouring in .	Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people .
0	Gina and Mary were feuding .	Gina considered apologizing to end the feud .	But she had n't been the one to start it .	She had n't realized all her other friends would take Mary 's side .	If she apologized , it would only be to regain her other friends .
2	Jimmy 's father taught him how to fish .	Jimmy and his father went fishing .	They went to an ocean on long island .	Jimmy ended up catching a sea bass .	They have a great time .
2	The games were set a 5 minutes each .	I attended only one chess tournament in my life .	I went to a speed chess tournament in the Boston area .	I managed to beat some good players but lost to others .	I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health .
3	Her mother wanted the dog out of her house .	Gina had brought a stray dog into the kitchen .	Her frightened mother screamed .	She hollered and yelled at Gina for bringing a dog into the house .	Gina had to get it out of the house quickly .
2	The swing creaked when Laura pushed it , and she was afraid .	Laura grew up in a house in the woods .	Below the house there was an old tree with a very old swing .	One day she decided not to be afraid anymore , and rode the swing .	The swing was strong , and Laura felt like she could almost fly !
1	Six months later her friend is promoted above Jill .	Jill hires her best friend .	Jill resents that her friend got the promotion and not Jill .	She does n't talk to her friend for two months .	Eventually Jill apologizes because she realizes she is being childish .
4	I secretly found the lists and destroyed them after they threw them .	My kids made Christmas Lists to send to Santa Claus .	I forgot to mail them .	It was already Christmas Eve and it was too late to mail them .	I said we could throw the lists outside and the wind would mail them .
3	I put ad in the paper for sponsors .	I have building a monster truck .	It has been very expensive and time consuming .	I needed sponsors to finish the project .	I have not had any luck with the sponsors and my project has stalled .
1	He decides to go to the grocery store .	Quentin realizes he has very little food left at home .	He fights Sunday morning traffic to get to the store .	At the grocery store he buys fruit , vegetables , and meat .	Quentin is happy that he has food at home now .
3	Gina knew she could still buy the cookie dough .	Gina 's just discovered refrigerated cookie dough .	She asked her mother for money to buy some .	Her mother thought it was too expensive .	She would simply have to wait until she got her allowance .
2	No one can understand what he says .	I work at a radio station .	Every few days , a man calls the station , speaks quickly , and hangs up .	We got new telephones which display the phone number of callers .	Now we know the man 's phone number .
4	The lead guitarist sighed his poster and gave him his guitar .	Bob was at a music concert .	He bought a poster for his favorite band .	At the end of the show , he saw the lead guitarist .	Bob asked for an autograph .
2	After moving in , the plumbing backed up .	Marcus bought a home .	Being his first home , he was very excited and proud of himself .	And , the electrical wires began shorting out .	Marcus was upset that he bought this home .
3	I loved how good they were and the different kinds	Our grade school made us sell chocolate bars .	We would go around selling them to neighbors .	I would sometimes buy them for myself as well .	It was something I always looked forward to .
1	Her living room is completely empty .	Lauren has just moved into a new home .	She visits the local furniture store to look for a new chair .	She finally finds one that is in her budget .	She is happy to be decorating her new home .
4	She decided to just buy herself a dress at the store instead .	Tia wanted to make a dress .	She bought patterns and fabric .	But as she tried to cut out her pieces , she became frustrated .	Tia realized that dressmaking was very difficult .
4	I can not wait to take her back to the dog park .	I wanted to take my dog to a dog park today .	I was afraid of how she would act around all the other dogs there .	We got in the car and headed down there .	She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs .
4	Right when they were about to complain , they were finally seated .	Jason was on a date at a restaurant .	They were told that there was a short wait .	Jason and the girl sat at the bar and watched some TV .	Soon it had been way too long to be waiting .
1	His dogs were hungry and they had no food .	Bryan was trying to do his homework , but his dogs were barking .	Bryan was forced to go out and buy food .	Bryan bought food in bulk for his dogs .	The dogs were happy and let Brian do his work .
4	She was licking up the milk that had spilled everywhere .	Eddie put a container of milk on the counter .	He walked to the pantry to get some cereal .	He heard a big thump .	When he turned , he found his cat had knocked over the carton .
3	But gradually , she started to write longer and more detailed entries .	Nellie decided to keep a diary .	She wrote in it every day after school .	At first her entries were stilted and brief .	Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend !
3	They learned to be honest .	Hannah told a lot of lies .	Her friends did too .	It got them in a lot of trouble .	It made their lives easier .
2	Gina went to the stereo and took the tape out .	Gina was playing a song she liked in her tape deck .	Suddenly the song stopped .	The tape was wound around the gears of the tape deck .	Gina worked gently to remove it and keep the tape intact .
2	Then she talked it over with an adoption agency .	Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly .	But she was n't married , and she did n't plan to ever marry .	They matched her with a couple who were happy to help her be a mom .	And right months later , Shy was holding her new baby girl in her arms !
4	After he tried some he could n't understand how his dad could drink it .	Eric 's dad had a cup of coffee every morning .	On Eric 's 7th birthday he thought he was all grown up .	It was time for him to have morning coffee too .	It must be delicious since his dad enjoyed it .
0	My doctor said my zinc levels were low .	He told me to take zinc supplements .	I took zinc supplements for three months but they had no effect .	It turns out that I was taking zinc oxide which is not absorbed well .	I switched to zinc citrate which increased my zinc levels quite a bit !
0	Susan went for a morning job .	She began to job down her favorite bike trail .	As she jogged , she saw a skinny kitten laying in the grass .	She scooped the kitten up and took her home with her .	Susan kept the kitten and enjoyed her new pet for many Year 's .
0	Liz realizes that her diet does not include enough water .	She decides to start trying to drink more water every day .	At first she finds the habit tedious .	But eventually she enjoys having more water .	Liz is happy that she has changed her habits .
4	She had gotten the first stages of skin cancer .	Sandy loved tanning .	She would go twice every month .	She kept getting more brown .	Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality .
2	She took the tests and was so nervous waiting for her grades .	Taylor was very stressed out about her finals .	She studied for two solid weeks trying to prepare .	Her worry was for nothing , though , because she made all A 's !	Taylor went home for the holidays happy and relieved .
0	David always thought that he could eat anything .	However , on his trip to India , he found that some food made him ill .	He spent half of his trip resting in bed .	He was the least resilient of any of his friends .	David no longer thought he could eat whatever he wanted .
1	They hiked up a mountain to get to the rare mineral deposit .	Tito and Marge went on a trip to find valuable rocks .	They filled their bags with the rocks .	Their bags were so full that they could n't make it down the mountain .	After emptying their bags almost all the way , they made it home .
4	Shirley deleted the profile instead .	Shirley wanted to try online dating .	She posted a picture of her attractive friend to improve her odds .	This friend was suspicious to hear that Shirley was getting replies .	She asked to see Shirley 's online profile as proof .
4	John roasted marshmallows and slept under the stars .	John wanted to go wilderness camping .	He packed a sleeping bag and some food in his car .	John drove a long distance to get away from civilization .	He set up his bedroll and lit a campfire .
2	Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all .	Nelle was supposed to babysit her nephew .	But then her aunt called and said the little boy was sick .	She did not want to get sick herself !	Nelle 's aunt was unhappy , but she understood Nelle 's concern .
0	Bill wanted to ask out John but Bill was shy .	John knew that Bill liked him so he asked him out instead .	Bill was happy that John asked him out and so he agreed .	Bill and John went on their first date and it was fantastic .	Bill and John decided to get married a year later .
1	She really wanted to go with Brian so she decided she would ask him .	Lucy was nervous about the Prom because she did n't have a date .	But before she got the chance he asked someone else to go with him .	Lucy was disappointed but not heartbroken .	She decided to go to the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways .
3	The manager apologized for all the problems .	Pat took his wife out to dinner for their anniversary .	Their server spilled a drink on the couple 's table .	Pat 's food came out undercooked .	Pat 's anniversary meal was provided free of charge .
2	Her craft room was overrun by fabric .	Amanda bought fabric for a craft project .	She bought way too much fabric .	She did n't have any room to make her project .	Amanda decided not to buy so much fabric in the future .
0	My alarm clock rang at 7:30 AM .	But I was in such a deep sleep , I did n't hear it .	Suddenly I bolted awake and realized it was 8:05 AM !	I quickly put on my coat and shoes and ran out the door .	I got outside and saw the bus had just driven away .
4	Lonie is my best friend , he is my brother .	Loni is a great man who is always there for me .	He has never turned me away when I needed help .	Lonie has never told me he would do something and did n't .	He has never asked me to repay him for any favor 's .
4	After class she borrowed notes from another student .	Amy was partners in class with her crush Ray .	As the teacher gave instructions Amy and Ray talked to each other .	Amy knew the assignment was due in a week .	But she had n't hear much else .
2	And now the coffee she had before class was making her jittery .	It was 10 AM before Amy realized she had n't had breakfast .	It was too late now and lunch was in 2 hours .	Her hands were shaking , and she was sweating slightly .	Amy did not like how this felt .
0	My son and I were out hiking .	We came across an old , rusty bear trap .	I explained to my son what it was .	He was so sad that we cut our trip short .	On the way home he stared out the window .
1	It always felt natural .	I always wondered why I loved wearing wigs .	My parents did n't let me grow my hair that long .	I finally wore my wig out tonight .	I got beat up and reminded of why I should n't .
3	Carol came up with an idea .	Carol loved to bake cakes .	She often gave cakes away to friends .	One day , Carol needed money to pay her bills .	Carol decided to open a business selling cakes in her town .
4	When he left I was able to watch my show .	Last night I was going to watch top chef .	I had the television ready .	Yet to my surprise the cable went out .	I called the cable guy and he fixed it .
4	Their pedicure very relaxing .	The girls decided to go get pedicures .	They told their husbands bye and went to the spa .	While there , they had champagne .	Each girl chose their polish color .
1	Jack 's mom planned to make chocolate cake , his favorite !	Today is Jack 's birthday !	She had to go to the store to buy a cake mix , since she was all out !	On her way to the store , she had a car accident .	Now Jack 's mom is in the hospital and he does n't have cake .
4	Rod finished his exam with no further mishaps .	Rod was taking his math exam .	Suddenly the tip of his pencil broke off !	He raised his hand and told the monitor what had happened .	He was allowed to get out of his seat and sharpened his pencil .
2	Suddenly , a different train broke down !	Ashley was on a train headed to Chicago .	Everything was going fine .	Ashley was trapped on her train for two hours before it moved again .	Finally , the train was back on its destination towards Chicago .
4	Her car slid from the rainy and she died in the crash .	Ashley wanted some pizza .	She went to the store .	She bought some Daiya brand pizza .	Going back home , it started to rainy .
3	He called his dentist immediately for an appointment .	Tom had been feeling something sore in his mouth all day .	He started looking things up online .	Finally , he realized that his wisdom teeth must be coming in .	With his dentist 's recommendation , he took some ibuprofen .
1	He heard a scratching sound .	Tim was playing in his room .	The sound got closer .	It also got louder .	It turns out it was the new puppy his mom got him .
1	Ryan tried to look for it everywhere .	Heather stole Ryan 's phone .	Ryan asked Heather did she take it and Heather denied taking it .	Heather walked away and the phone fell out her pocket .	Ryan snatched his phone back and reported Heather to administration .
0	Tina had a beautiful singing voice .	She was given a solo in the school Christmas concert .	She was so proud and excited !	But a week before the show , Tina got laryngitis .	She sadly had to resign from the Christmas concert .
2	I was sitting in school next to the girl I liked .	In sixth grade I hit puberty .	It was like it happened over night .	My teacher called my name during roll call .	To this day , that crush of mine still calls me squeaky .
3	Neil 's guide helped him book a camel trip .	Neil was about to leave India .	He did not want to leave without fulfilling a lifelong dream .	His dream was to ride a camel !	Neil was thrilled by his camel ride through the desert !
0	Bob wanted to buy a diamond ring for his girlfriend .	But , he was poor .	Bob decided to get a second job to save up the money .	After a few months , he had enough money .	He bought the diamond ring for his girlfriend .
1	Diana was able to write an outline for her essay after 10 minutes .	The teacher told the class to start their persuasive Essay .	However , her anxiety prevented her from thinking clearly .	She was n't able to start her first paragraph until 10 minutes later .	When the time ran out , she only submitted two paragraphs .
0	Matt was a wealthy doctor , but he was quite lonely .	He decided on a way to keep his mind off his loneliness .	He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World .	In Asia , he doctored a beautiful woman and they quickly fell in love .	When Matt returned home , he brought her with him- as his wife !
3	Today , even though I knew it would be hard , I ran 5 miles .	I 've set a goal to lose thirty pounds by the end of June .	Running has always been a great way for me to get in shape .	I 've been running lately but only about 2 miles .	When I finished , I was exhausted but I felt wonderful .
1	He ran out of money so he took a break from the project .	Bob began to lay tile in his bathroom as a part of remodeling .	Months later he started to work on the project when he had money again .	Bob went to the hardware store for more tile but they had none .	Bob bought different tiles and hoped that no one would notice .
0	Sean was walking through the park .	He had a soda can .	When he finished it , he dropped the can .	Then , a park guard yelled at him .	He got a warning for littering in the park .
3	Then we put it all in the big glass mixing bowl and stir it up .	Every Sunday morning my Grandma makes pancakes for breakfast .	Today she is teaching me how to mix the batter .	First we must measure the ingredients very carefully .	Mixing pancakes is hard work but Grandma makes it fun .
3	They all wished they had not gotten him .	The Deet 's decided to buy a dog .	He was really a lot of work .	He caused a lot of problems .	They gave him to the pound .
1	As I was walking , I saw a bear .	The other day I was hiking in the mountains .	It began to walk towards me .	I took off my jacket and started yelling .	The bear turned around and ran away .
0	Neil wanted to see the mountains of Asia .	He left India , where he had been journeying , and went to Nepal .	There , he saw gorgeous mountain vistas .	A guide even offered to take him up to Everest .	Neil loved being so close to the mountains in Nepal !
3	She called her up .	Susan thought about the weekend .	She did not know what to do .	She remembered that she had n't seen her best friend in a long time .	Susan now had plans for the weekend .
4	They forgot most of it the next time they tried it .	Two friends got together to make a secret handshake .	They started out simple and began to add more to it .	The ended up with a very complex handshake .	It was hard for the friends to remember .
2	Although he is not seeing any results with his body .	Fred is trying to bulk up with some muscle .	He is lifting more and more at the gym .	He read online that he needs to eat double the calories then he was .	He did that and noticed results within a week .
3	His new life mantra became planning his work and working his plan .	Bill was not having much success in life .	He decided to review his life 's actions objectively .	He realized he did not consistently stick to a plan .	During the following year he actualized his hopes , plans , and dreams .
0	My sister-in-law Martha has to mind her daughter 's cat .	Her daughter 's place is being sprayed for roaches .	The cat , named Kitty , will stay at Martha 's apartment .	Martha is not very fond of cats .	Martha is not looking forward to minding Kitty .
0	I always wanted a pet .	I finally decided to get one .	I went to the pet store .	I saw a pretty kitten .	I decided to buy the kitten !
2	I went on Ebay to search for more learning resources .	I was practicing Korean during the afternoon .	However , I became frustrated since it was hard to comprehend it .	Several were for sale such as comic books .	I decided to purchase on of the books .
2	I had been so afraid I had gotten an F .	My sociology class took a very important test .	After they were graded , my sociology professor told us our grades .	However , I got an A .	It was a great day .
1	He decided to see Qatar too .	Neil had seen many countries in the Middle East .	He thought it would be similar to other countries he had seen .	But it had its own unique culture and history .	Neil was glad he had made time to see Qatar .
0	Jose was enjoying watching a television show on his phone .	Suddenly , the screen went black !	Jose started to panic .	Then he realized it was just the phone battery had died .	He charged his phone and finished enjoying his show .
0	Sam wanted to fly a kite .	He ordered one off of eBay .	He got it in the mail 2 days later .	He waited for a windy day to fly his kite .	His kite flew away and got stuck in a tree .
1	Out of the blue her tire went flat .	Amy was driving to work one day .	She pulled over and call triple A for assistance .	The repairman arrived and changed the tire .	Amy happily thanked the repair man , and drove to work .
4	Roy felt both very sad and very grateful .	Roy was a pilot for a major airline .	Roy became violently ill before a cross-country flight .	The airline provided a replacement for Roy on that flight .	The flight Roy missed crashed , with many fatalities .
3	She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil .	Gina was hiking in the woods .	She tripped and landed on her stomach .	As she started to get up , she noticed a rock that looked strange .	Gina took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle .
4	They were riding around together within minutes .	Dana always wanted to ride a bike .	She never learned how growing up .	Her boyfriend agreed to teach her .	Dana was a quick learner .
0	Liam wanted a new video game .	His allowance was only $ 5 a week .	But he resolved to save every penny of it !	After two months , Liam had enough money to buy the game .	He was very proud of himself for saving his money .
4	After a month I had a huge six pack stomach .	I needed to lose weight .	I was getting really fat .	I decided to do push ups .	I also did sit ups .
4	Ten Years later Kevin and Wendy got married .	Kevin liked to tap dance .	However , his friends made fun of him for dancing .	They did n't think he was cool enough for them .	One day a girl named Wendy stood up for him .
4	Gradually , they began to get along .	Allison and Jesse were fighting .	No matter how hard either of them tried , they could n't agree .	One day Jesse decided to buy Allison flowers .	She was very surprised by the gift .
4	Jack 's boss came out of his office and told him he was fired .	Jack fumed and stomped into the office .	He screamed at the top of the lungs for everyone to pay attention .	When there was silence , he very calmly informed them it was n't true .	He said it was important they not tell people he was unemployed .
4	Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away .	Sally saw her neighbor outside standing by a tree in his yard .	He was an old man and Sally knew he did n't have many friends .	Sally went over to visit with him and they talked for hours .	The old man thanked Sally for a nice visit and they parted ways .
3	They shrugged and acquiesced .	Ike went down to the playground .	There he saw a group of kids playing basketball .	Ike walked over and asked if he could join them .	Ike had a great time playing basketball with them !
0	Brad was out on his boat on the lake one day .	He enjoyed the afternoon , then decided to head home .	But his motor would not start !	Brad was stranded on his boat in the middle of the lake .	He had to wait hours until a passing boater saw his distress .
3	Will practiced for days .	Will like to play Jesse in Madden .	He was already down four games .	Will challenged him to a final game .	He lost 45 to nothing .
4	He noticed he performed better on tests due to this .	A man tried many methods to improve his college exam scores .	He found one method that seemed to be the best .	He would recreate the test environment as best he could .	He would practice in that environment .
4	Nate won the game for his team and celebrated with beer .	In a tie basketball game , Nate knew he needed to win it .	He dashed up the court , calling for the basketball .	The pass was received and Nate focused in on the shot .	He flicked his wrist and the ball went in !
1	There are animal skins all over his house .	Larry is interested in taxidermy .	His girlfriend was n't a big fan at first .	Eventually , he taught her how to do it .	Now she 's just as big of a fanatic .
3	Kourtney was n't up for anything strenuous .	Kourtney was pregnant with her baby and about to be married .	She decided to go on a girls trip with her sisters to celebrate .	However on the trip there was tension .	Her sisters then got upset because they were bored .
4	Then we had an amazing campfire !	I started my first campfire the other night .	First I gathered wood and kindling .	Next I arranged the wood and kindling in the fire pit .	I then lit the fire .
3	My dress was blue with sparkles .	The school was having a senior prom .	My boyfriend asked me to go with him to the prom .	I bought a dress and high heels .	My boyfriend loved my dress .
3	Next she tried on a lacey one , but was n't sure .	Penelope was getting married .	She was out shopping for a dress .	She tried on a tight one but did n't like it .	Finally , she settled on a tulle gown .
2	He told me once I got better that I could play with him .	I asked my brother to play golf when I was young .	He would always play , but I was never included .	But from the first time I played with him , I beat him .	I have never lost since and I keep teasing him about that .
0	Jesse had completed a survey on Mturk .	He did it to the best of abilities .	He read every question .	The requester rejected his survey .	Jesse did n't get paid .
2	The screw tore a hole in my tent .	Today I was cleaning my new tent with a broom .	The broom had a screw slightly sticking out .	I tried to repair the tent but it was not fixing the problem .	I decided to return the tent and get a new one .
1	They climbed over rocks and fallen branches .	The Baker children went running in the woods .	Elizabeth fell in a hole .	The hole was full of bees .	Elizabeth was stung hundreds of times .
3	He saw what he thought was a fast shadow move across the wall .	Tim thought he saw a ghost the first night in his new apartment .	It was the middle of the night and he was watching tv .	He heard a noise and turned around .	He still does n't know what it is .
0	It was Amy 's last day in Los Angeles .	Her sister took her to a popular restaurant for dinner .	In the corner there was a famous couple having an argument .	Amy secretly snapped photos of the couple .	Amy loved the whole vibe of Los Angeles .
2	She visited a horticultural dome themed after the desert .	Veronica loved everything about the desert biome .	She watched documentaries about desert plants and animals .	She had lots of cactus memorabilia .	Finally she moved to the desert in Arizona and loved it .
4	The airport asked him to take it down .	My friend Tony bought a drone .	It cost $ 1900 .	He uses it to take scenic photos .	Once he posted a FB photo close to the airport .
3	When Billy was playing on the swing today he fell on the concrete .	Billy always had a way with exaggerating .	To him a scrape needed stitches and a bruise was a break .	Every day he would run inside to tell his mom to call the ambulance .	Nobody came to check or see , but Billy 's poor arm hung by a string .
4	I happily returned the one I bought and thanked her .	I had been wanting a new laptop for a while .	I finally decided to buy myself one online .	On the day it was to arrive my girlfriend gave me a gift .	It was the new laptop she knew I wanted .
4	The girl contracted smallpox from the blanket and died .	The Trumps volunteered to house a young refugee girl .	She was very grateful for a safe place to stay .	The Trump family were adamant the girl have a special blanket .	It had been passed down generation after generation .
3	The man laughed as he destroyed the targets .	A man invented the world 's best water pistol .	He attached it to a hose and shot at targets .	The water so so strong it tore through the paper targets .	When he was out of targets he shut off the hose .
3	I know that I would love the new style when I got used to it though .	I wanted a new haircut .	So I told the stylist that she should cut more off than usual .	I began to panic when I thought my hair was getting too short .	Now , I never panic because trying new hair styles is fun !
4	He went home and left his bad friends .	Tom was with his friends .	Tom 's friends asked him to smoke .	Tom had learned to say no to drugs .	Tom said he did n't want to smoke .
2	One day there was none at her local stores or online .	Kim took a probiotic for digestion everyday .	The Probiotic was crucial and kept the digestion on track .	She called the manufacturer who told her they were no longer sold .	Kim was sad a product she relied on was no longer available .
2	It warmed my heart to hear him wanting snuggles .	Last night , my son interrupted me while telling him his bedtime story .	He asked me if I could snuggle with him until he fell asleep .	I laid in bed with him and held him tight .	I treasure these moments because they wo n't last forever .
1	They had been at the park with boys after dark .	Amy and her friends were on a high .	Lynn was on a high because she did n't get caught .	Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her .	They sat on the bed exchanging stories from their night .
2	He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room .	Billy was stuck at the table again .	He was n't allowed to get up until he ate his broccoli .	She did like broccoli .	His mother knew that so she had put the dog outside !
3	The time passes slowly .	Joe is in the Army .	He is shipped overseas for 1 year .	Joe misses his family very badly at first .	Joe is very happy the day he gets to come home .
0	We decided to work with a builder for a new house .	We picked out plans and agreed on a contract .	We waited to make sure the weather would hold out .	It has been a mild spring so they were able to still dig .	We now have our foundation done on our new house !
1	My wife tends to be messy .	I am painting a house with my wife .	She accidentally got paint on me .	I got paint in her hair .	We painted the house and each other today .
3	She was not sure what to do .	Chris always loved to paint .	Her school was having a carnival .	She decided to volunteer .	She decided to use her talents and do face painting .
4	At the end , she filled out her info .	Jasmine wanted some cash .	She found paid surveys online .	She decided to try one .	She answered all of the questions .
2	Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it .	As the friends boarded flight to Australia , they felt strange .	Their escape had been entirely too easy .	Shane was calm but still uneasy .	They were being followed and neither recognized it .
2	He could not get to the top of the trailer to remove snow .	Joe is a tractor-trailer driver in the Northeast .	He had to drive after a huge snowstorm .	Regardless , he decided to try driving down a busy highway .	The trailer collapsed from the weight of snow .
1	He ate them for every meal , every day .	There was a king who loved to eat peanut butter sandwiches .	He forced his subjects to eat peanut butter sandwiches all the time .	Eventually , the king died of malnutrition .	After that , his subjects could eat whatever they wanted .
4	Hank laughed it off and went home to shave his hair .	Hank was a very hairy man .	He went to the store to buy some razors .	A cop saw him and called a swat team .	The cop thought Hank was a bear .
0	Jason wanted to impress his girlfriend .	Jason decided to make her dinner .	Jason went to the store and bought ingredients .	He went home and cooked the meal as best as he could .	Jason 's girlfriend was very happy with the meal .
1	They played in the water , despite dark clouds approaching .	Jeff brought his kids to the beach one morning .	Suddenly , a rumble of thunder caught Jeff 's attention .	He called the kids out of the water as it started pouring rain .	Next time , Jeff will check the weather forecast before he goes out .
1	One day I awoke to having no feeling below my waist .	I have always been an active person .	In a panic I called 911 and rushed to the the hospital .	In the hospital I was told that I severed my spinal cord .	Now I can no longer walk .
3	Thad 's dad brought the fishing poles .	Thad always loved going places with his dad , especially the river .	They would go fishing and sometimes swimming .	One day they went down to the river .	Thad caught the biggest fish he 'd ever seen that day !
3	My son then transformed into Captain Jake .	My two kids love to play dress up !	Tonight they first dressed up like Elsa and Olaf .	After that they changed into Jake and Izzy .	It is amazing how creative they can be when dressing up .
2	Instead of hitting the ball , he smacked my head .	My brother placed his arm back .	He threw the baseball to my friend .	I felt dizzy and started to run away .	I went to my house to look at the mirror .
1	We started playing online chess after years of not playing .	My friend Sam is very competitive .	I won the last series 4-1 .	Last night I was leading 4-0 when he quit for the night .	I think he was a bit down on himself .
3	She received a reply a few weeks later saying she got accepted .	Amy was a hardworking student .	She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor .	She applied to her favorite college online .	She received a full ride to the school for having outstanding grades .
1	Her husband told her he was laid off from his job .	Barbara looked preoccupied and sad at work .	Barbara is very worried because they have three children .	Everyday , her husband leaves early to go to interviews and job sites .	Barbara is now happy her husband has landed another job .
3	she is nervous about it .	Missy loves playing ball .	All of her friends play too .	Missy has a big game tonight .	Missy wins the game .
4	Amber is very proud of herself .	Amber feels overweight and unhealthy .	She buys a treadmill for her home .	Amber uses the treadmill every day for 4 weeks .	She realizes she has lost 10 pounds .
0	I just took my sleeping pill and decided to do a couple of turk hits .	I worked on about four of them and then started feeling out of it .	The sleeping pill is taking effect and it makes it hard to type .	My fingers are hitting the wrong keys and it makes the task harder .	So this story will end with me going to bed . Gooodnight
4	Eventually , it got stuck on top of a flag .	The girls were outside for recess .	It suddenly became windy since it was winter .	When a gust of wind hit Nancy , her wig fell out of her head .	It was moving into the air .
2	While he was walking around he heard someone shout out to him .	Reggie moved to Alaska .	He went to Denali national park .	There was a moose on one side of the pass and a baby on the other .	Reggie slowly walked away before he unwittingly walked between them .
4	She never thought about eggs the same way again .	Abby was a city girl .	She never thought about where eggs came from .	Her class visited a local farm .	They saw chickens actually laying eggs .
3	After buying all of the parts , she built her very own stereo .	Nancy loved to listen to music on her friend 's stereo .	She wished she had a stereo of her own .	Nancy looked online to see how to build a stereo of her own .	The stereo was great , & now her friends listened to her 's instead .
1	She was feeling really run down .	Molly was lacking energy .	Her doctor told her to work out .	She joined a gym .	The workouts made her feel energized !
4	She was surprised to have completed her tax return in mere minutes .	It was time for Lita to do her taxes .	She was n't confident in her abilities to do them correctly .	Lita 's friend told her to use an online tax service .	Lita found one that she felt comfortable using .
4	Aurelia is very proud of the cabin she built .	Aurelia has always wanted to build something with her hands .	Her friend is a carpenter , and he offers to help her build a cabin .	They buy materials and start to work .	They work very hard together until finally the cabin is complete .
3	His novels were published upon his return and he was called a genius .	Once there was a philosopher who was seeking new wisdom .	The man decided the best way to think was to go into the woods alone .	He spent five years alone in the wilderness and wrote many novels .	He donated all his money back to charity and everyone was happy .
0	Sam enjoys going to work .	He always arrives fifteen minutes early .	One morning , his boss was there and wrote him up for loitering .	His boss also berated him for being such a square .	Sam no longer enjoys going to work .
0	When I was seven Years old my dad went on an errand .	He claimed he was just going to the store for some groceries .	I fell asleep before he got back .	The next morning I realized he still was n't back .	My mom and I never really talked about it after that .
3	One day a lady told Amy 's boss she was a great worker .	Amy was a cashier at Marshall 's	She worked hard and was nice to the customers .	Amy made it a point to ask how the customers day was going .	Her boss told her he was pleased with her progress .
1	He asked his dad .	Tommy wanted a goat .	His dad said no .	Tommy found a Goat on his way home from school .	He took it to Grandpa 's farm .
4	But Mai found her daughter with their tenant when the door opened .	Main worries about her daughter and boyfriend sleeping in the same bed .	This morning Mai banged on her daughter 's door to wake them up .	Mai 's daughter said to go away , they were getting up .	Mai waited by the door and insisted they get up now .
4	On the bright side , we made an agreement .	My doctor was having a discussion with me .	She recommended an increase in my pill dosage .	I refused since it was a large increase .	We continued to argue to several more minutes .
1	To the West , the sun was setting with vibrant colors of pink and gold .	One warm Summer night , Sue and Renee went for a kayak ride on the lake	To the East , they could see the moon rising .	They floated into the path of the setting sun on the water .	It was a beautiful way to spend the evening .
1	She made spaghetti .	Teresa invited her relatives over for dinner .	One of her small cousins spilled spaghetti all over her floor .	He felt so badly , but Teresa forgave him immediately .	It strengthened their relationship that she was so forgiving .
2	She still refused to clean her room .	Lorraine did not want to clean her room .	Her mama offered her two quarters .	So her mama offered her a cookie and two quarters .	Lorraine cleaned her room for the love of cookies .
0	My family went horse riding on our vacation .	I was too small to ride the big horses .	I rode a pony named Dash .	Dash got his name because he was faster than the bigger horses .	Me and Dash got to the end of the trail before anyone else .
0	Susie loves to take a bubble bath .	She fills the tub up with hot water .	Then she adds her favorite bubbles .	She usually falls asleep in the bathtub when she does this .	Her bubble bath relaxes her and helps her sleep .
3	On the day of the contest , he was totally ready .	George really like hot dogs .	He saw a flyer for a hot dog eating contest at the state fair .	George signed himself up and trained hard to win .	George got third place in the contest out of 80 people .
4	This made Phill happy to continue working hard .	Phil was a great salesman .	He sold over his quota every week .	His managers were impressed by his numbers .	They made him Employee of the Year !
3	When she returned to the kitchen , the turkey was gone .	Bonnie carved the Thanksgiving turkey .	She put the meat on a platter but left the carcass on the counter .	She took the platter into the dining room .	She found her dog laying in his bed chewing on it !
1	We decided to go out for dinner .	Last Thursday my wife and I had a free night .	After a nice meal we realized neither had money .	We decided to just dine and ditch .	It was thrilling and we got away with it .
2	Al needed to make a change .	Al was the scrawniest guy in his gym class , and was always teased .	He was n't good at most of the things they did in gym class .	During the summer , Al worked out every day and ran every night .	In September his classmates did n't recognize him .
4	They all loved the baby panda .	The local zoo had a panda .	The panda had just had a little baby .	Mari wanted to go see the baby panda .	She took her children that very day .
1	The factory was in her town .	Allie went to the chocolate factory .	She out on the outfit and took a tour .	They offered free samples .	When she was done , Allie bought a lot of chocolate .
1	It was in an area with tornadoes .	Jake moved to a new city .	Jake had never experienced them before .	The first time he had to deal with one was traumatizing .	Jake decided to move back .
2	He decided to enter and spent all week practicing .	Mark was looking for some extra cash .	He noticed a flier for a hot-dog eating contest .	The contest began and he was doing really well .	Unfortunately , he threw up and was disqualified .
2	He had never been to a death metal concert before .	I love death metal concerts .	One night I convinced my boyfriend to go with me .	He went into the mosh pit and was knocked down by a girl !	He was fine but tore his pants .
0	Laura was bored , and decided to have a catnip party .	She brought out the bag of catnip , and scattered it on the carpet .	All four cats came running when she called .	The cats began smelling , eating , and rolling in the catnip .	The cats played drunkenly in the catnip , and Laura took many pictures .
0	John has a toothache .	He reluctantly went to the dentist .	He was so nervous about this that he nearly wrecked his car .	The dentist drilled and filled his bad tooth .	John 's toothache is gone .
1	He was so excited he practiced everyday after school for hours .	Chris wanted to try out for the school soccer team .	He signed up for tryouts .	When he went to tryouts he did a great job .	Chris made the soccer team !
1	The waiter brought out her macaroni .	Annie was eating at a restaurant .	She began eating the food .	Suddenly , she noticed a fly in the bowl .	She yelled out , and a waiter came and promised to make it up to her .
2	Jim put some lotion on the rash .	Jim noticed a small rash on his ear .	It was itching and causing him some discomfort .	It immediately stopped feeling itchy .	Jim was relieved and stopped thinking about his rash .
3	Eventually , she found work as a well-paid secretary .	Hy came from Asia and was forced to work in a brothel .	But one day a kind stranger snuck her out the back door .	He helped her learn English and find a job .	And best of all , she married the kind man who 'd saved her !
4	Ariel smashed her head on the stage and died .	Ariel twirled around in her smart looking dance outfit .	High on the experience she tried to do a hard move .	Ariel attempted to do a front aerial .	She had n't practiced it enough though .
1	I drove to the store and then walked into the produce section .	I needed some vegetables for a soup recipe that I was making .	While looking at the produce , I noticed that none of it was fresh .	I decided to leave and check another store 's produce section .	After shopping at another store , I found good produce and went home .
0	John went skating with friends .	His friends all did a trick that John had not yet tried .	John tried the trick but fell and broke his ankle .	Since he could not walk home , John 's friends called his mother .	His mother arrived and said John was no longer allowed out to skate .
3	The guest was a transvestite .	I play chess online with my friend Joe .	Last night he could not play .	His roommate had a guest over .	Joe was very interested in talking to his guest .
1	He sat and daydreamed for the first 45 minutes .	Billy had an hour to finish his test .	When he finally got started he realized there was an essay to write .	He wrote and wrote as fast as he could .	He turned in his test with 30 seconds to spare .
2	He went every day to see them swim and grow bigger .	Bill saw tadpoles in the pond by his house .	He thought they were adorable !	Soon the tadpoles lost their tails and grew bigger .	Before long , Bill 's tadpoles all morphed into frogs !
2	But Nick could n't be persuaded .	Nick wanted to be a soldier .	His family worried that he would n't like the military .	He enlisted as soon as he turned 18 .	His first letter home told his family how happy he was !
0	Anna was camping in the woods .	Suddenly a bear approached her camp site .	Terrified , Anna took shelter in her tent .	After a few hours , she tentatively emerged and looked around .	Thankfully , the bear had wandered away .
2	Every day , he consulted his daily schedule .	Tim wanted to be more organized .	He bought himself a scheduling book and wrote in it .	Gradually he found himself less rushed and more organized .	Tim was glad that the schedule strategy had worked !
3	Erin went home and turned his fan on , but it burned out .	It was a hot day in summer and Erin was feeling warm .	Erin left to the store to buy a fan .	Many of the fans were expensive , but Erin bought one anyway .	Erin had to go to the store and get his money back .
4	Jim went home with his son happy that they won .	Jim is a big baseball fan and bought tickets to tonight 's game .	Jim went with his 8-year-old son .	He bought concessions and went to his seat .	Jim watched his team win the game in the 9th inning .
4	Her brothers raced each other to the one in the basement .	Gin 's climbed through a window to get into her house .	She opened the door and let her siblings in .	They were relieved to be inside .	Her little sister ran to the first floor bathroom .
1	He looks for pretty birds .	Larry loved to go hiking .	Today he saw a coyote on the trail .	He was very still as the coyote passed .	He was very glad when the coyote was gone .
1	She had a few chickens and loved to eat farm fresh eggs .	Deb was a struggling student .	Deb decided to buy more chickens to raise and sell her eggs .	All of Deb 's friends bought eggs from her and they told their friends .	Now Deb has a successful chicken ranch and pays all her bills .
0	Paul loved tv dinners .	Whether in the microwave or oven , he loved the taste .	He purchased 3 of them one day .	He ate all of them in one sitting .	Paul felt sick later that night .
0	A New England family went out to Florida for vacation .	Hoping to get away from the cold , they marveled at warm temperatures .	The car left Tallahassee and the family worked their way to the keys .	They made stops along the way , such as Orlando to enjoy the sights .	Eventually , the made their way to their destination on Key Largo .
3	At first it was hard , but she stuck with it .	Anna made a New year 's resolution .	She vowed she would do things nicely from now on .	She would no longer be a mean girl .	Anna kept doing everything nicely !
3	A co-worker was taking out the trash and hit a bear with the door .	I worked at a restaurant in Colorado when I was young .	There were bears in the woods right outside the restaurant .	Sometimes the bears would come close to the back porch .	He immediately came back in and was more careful next time .
0	There was a horse that crashed into a tree .	It 's owners were very surprised .	They had a vet look at it .	It turned out the horse had bad eyes .	The vet made the horse wear special horse eyeglasses .
1	She decided to try out for the volleyball team but she failed .	Sade was a middle school student who wanted to get more involved .	She was sad but she did n't give up .	Sade next tried out for the dance team and band .	She is now in the advanced band and lead on the dance team .
1	She decided to make herself some celery sticks with peanut butter .	Ana wanted a healthy lunch for school .	But when lunch time came , she got a surprise .	She had n't packed them well and now they were sticky and messy !	Ana was barely even able to eat her healthy lunch !
1	He was approached by two young men outside of the store .	Dean was asked by his mother to go buy her cigarettes .	The two men attacked Dean , and stole his money .	Dean went back home to explain to his mother what had happened .	His mother gave him brass knuckles to use next time .
0	Timmy was having a sale on his car .	His first offer was $ 4000 dollars and someone accepted .	I decided to make a counter by offering $ 5000 .	Jane decided to offer $ 7000 since she desired the car as well .	I gave up and walked away .
0	My friend Harry takes Lasix for his heart .	He is 98 and has poor short term memory .	I was visiting him when his daughter said to take a pill .	He did not take the pill yet .	Later he called me to ask if he had taken his pill .
2	She went to the library and checked out every book on samurai .	Tori thought samurai were really cool .	She wanted to learn more about them .	She took them home and read them all .	Now , she knows a lot about samurai !
4	After careful consideration , his boss decided to allow Jim 's time-off .	Jim 's grandmother needed him to take her to the doctor .	Jim had to take time off from work to do so .	His boss told him that he could n't or risk termination .	Jim 's grandmother called his boss to complain .
2	She bought a candy bar , but it was too delicious .	Luna did n't have exact change for the bus .	She went to the store to break a dollar .	She had to buy another , but then found out she had no money left .	Luna decided to walk to school instead .
3	So Charles stopped talking to Greg .	Charles and Greg were best friends in high school .	When they graduated , Charles ' father gave him advice .	He said , seeing anyone from high school would be childish .	Greg found Charles that summer and asked why they were n't friends ?
1	Suddenly , a boy approached their table .	Sadie was at lunch with her friends .	He asked Sadie if she wanted to go out on a date .	Her friends giggled and waited for her response .	Sadie decided to say yes .
3	Wyatt felt pressured to join them .	Wyatt and his friends were in class .	A girl across from them was acting sort of spastic .	Wyatt 's friends started to tease the girl .	In the end , he decided not to and stood up for the girl instead .
3	Immediately , Sarah ran out of the wood lot .	Sarah loves to go hiking .	She explores uncharted trails .	She accidentally walked into some poison sumac .	She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment .
1	When she heard her zoo was getting pandas , she was so excited .	Eva loved panda bears .	She went to see them the first day they arrived .	She loved them !	The pandas made Eva so happy !
3	Jeff got pneumonia from jumping in the lake .	Jeff jumped in the lake in April .	The lake had just unfrozen .	Jeff quickly got out of the lake .	Jeff recovered and learned his lesson .
3	Dan starts competing in video game tournaments nationally .	Dan loves video games .	So he enters a local gaming competition .	He wins first place in the competition .	Dan becomes one of the best players in the world and earns millions .
1	The bus arrived and I hopped on .	I waited on the corner for the bus to come .	There were so many people on the bus it was hard to find a seat .	An old man in the back said there was an open seat by him .	I walked to the back and sat next to him .
2	After much practice , Mark thought she was ready to play .	Mark 's wife Sue wanted to learn to play poker .	He stressed to her the importance of having a poker face .	The first hand she was dealt contained three kings .	Sue forgot all about keeping a poker face .
4	Undeterred , he turned his attention to a passing goose .	A man called out to a fish in a pond .	He asked it for directions .	This proved futile .	Fish neither speak nor understand speech .
4	Her grandpa opened if for her to taste it .	Lily was visiting her grandparents in Florida .	They had big palm trees in their yard .	Lily was sitting by one when something hit the ground .	It was a coconut !
0	Glenda 's daughter was going through her terrible twos phase .	When she wanted something to drink , Glenda tried giving her something .	The toddler threw the cup though , wanting another cup instead .	Glenda had to pour the beverage into the other cup .	The child sauntered away happily , leaving the mess to Glenda .
2	Stacy met Lucy at the mall entrance .	Lucy woke up in the morning and wanted to go out .	Lucy called Stacy , and Stacy suggested they go to the mall .	Lucy wanted to go to the food court , but Stacy wanted to shop .	They decided to shop first , and then they got some pizza .
1	He was there when the Berlin Wall came down .	Ivan was from the Soviet Union .	He tore a chunk off himself .	And kept the brick as a souvenir .	He eventually gave it to his grandson .
4	Sam realizes that it was n't a open relationship .	Sam wanted an open relationship with his girlfriend .	His girlfriend said that it is fine .	A week later , he goes on facebook and checks her page .	She has a new boyfriend .
1	The brought out signs that said that knowledge was too much power .	A group of people began to protest the local library .	The crowd grew as the time went on and everyone was getting excited .	A protester threw a brick at the library and cursed education loudly .	The librarian came out and told them to please be more quiet .
1	Sam and his friends decide to participate .	There is a big bike race across Iowa .	The bike ride is very tiring and Sam was not prepared .	He ends up partying more than bike riding .	Sam is sore for months after the bike ride .
0	Frida loves to bake from scratch .	Today she decided to make some peanut butter cookies .	Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter .	Frita had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies .	Thankfully she could afford more peanut butter and make the cookies .
1	He notices that he spends a lot of money on coffee .	Dan had been writing in Starbucks for the past few days .	Dan decides to stay at home to write .	Although he is more lonely , he saves more money .	Dan is glad that he is saving money by skipping Starbucks .
4	Together they won the championship game !	Gerald was a great basketball player .	He could score lots of points and pass very well .	In the championship game Gerald could n't score enough points .	The rest of his team worked very hard to help Gerald .
3	I released the frog into the stream by my house .	The lawn had to be mowed , so I went out to work .	When I started on the grass , I noticed a frog .	I had to stop the lawnmower and catch it .	The lawn was finished without frog casualties .
2	The librarian reads the kids several books .	Stan 's class is going on a field trip .	They walk to a nearby library .	The kids get a chance to pick out their own book .	Stan had so much fun on the field trip .
2	After investigating , Frank realized his car was broken .	Frank was driving on a highway .	Suddenly , his car began to stall and Frank had to pull over .	Frank picked up his phone and called for help .	After an hour or so , a towing vehicle arrived to help Frank .
4	I headed back to the mall where it was on sale for fifty dollars less .	I went Christmas shopping last weekend .	First I tried the mall , but it was too packed with people .	Next I went to the shops on Main Street .	I found the perfect gift for my mom , but could n't buy it due to price .
0	Jon was annoyed by his parents since they begged him to play the lotto .	He went to the local store to buy one ticket .	The family sat down to watch TV .	The winning ticket number was being announced .	Jon won since his number was mentioned .
4	He set the finished shelf aside to let the glue dry .	Ron was busy building a wooden shelf in his workshop .	He measured out the wood with a ruler and pencil .	With a saw he then cut up the pieces .	Ron used mostly screws but some glue to assemble it .
4	Chad could not wait to go on the speed boat again .	Chad loved riding on fast boats .	Recently , Chad 's friend invited him on his speed boat .	Chad had fun feeling the wind blow in his hair .	Chad , most of all , loved the speed the boat traveled .
1	He also loved to watch them race , on TV .	Jay loved race cars .	Next week the race car championships were on TV .	He decided to ask his friend to watch the big race with him .	They had a lot of fun watching the race car championships together .
3	Janet moved near the food section .	Janet decided to go to her high school 's party .	When she walked in , she felt awkward .	Since everyone was n't familiar with each other , they barely talked .	She sat there all day .
4	To her joy , it was a boy !	Annie was pregnant .	She hoped for a little boy .	She opted not to find the sex out in advance .	When she birthed the baby , she was eager to know the sex .
4	Her brother apologized and promised to pay to fix the phone .	Missy was at a fourth of July party .	Her brother thought it would be funny to prank her .	He ran up to her and pushed her into the pool .	She yelled because her phone was in her pocket .
3	Kevin attacked one of the dogs in frustration .	Devin decided to take his dog , Kevin , to the dog park one afternoon .	Kevin was very excited to see other dogs .	But the other dogs did not seem interested in Kevin .	Devin and Kevin were banned from the dog park for a year .
0	Kim was driving home on the highway .	A small pebble was kicked up by the car in front of her .	Kim heard the sound of the pebble hit the glass .	She worried it would damage the windshield .	She got out and checked to see a knick in her windshield .
3	Then her doctor called to set her mind at ease .	Louisa had been I 'll ever since returning from her honeymoon in Asia .	She feared the constant vomiting and fatigue meant she was very sick .	She was unsure what exotic tropical disease she might 've contracted .	Louisa was n't ill after all - she was expecting a baby !
4	Their sons are the best of friends , and play on the same team .	Peter and Kevin grew up in a small town .	They played football as kids , and were the best of friends .	When they became adults , they both moved away to different towns .	They had children and decided to move back to their childhood town .
2	She posted online hoping to find free ones .	Maddie 's baby was beginning to crawl .	She needed some baby gates but could n't afford them .	Luckily , a woman offered her two free gates .	She picked them up that day and thanked the woman .
4	She ended up having to sit inside the bus .	Amy was in London for a week .	She always wanted to ride upstairs on a double decker bus .	She excitedly boarded and went up to the mostly empty second floor .	She had n't anticipated the weather to being cool .
0	My sister is going to have a baby .	She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl .	The doctor wrote it on a piece of paper to give to the baker .	When we cut the cake , the inside was pink .	It 's a girl !
0	Lily was having a party .	She needed some balloons .	She went to the store and picked some .	They blew them all up for her .	Then , she brought them home .
0	Nathan was already running 10 minutes late .	He heard an explosion and his car started to slow down .	Nathan pulled over to the side of the road and assessed the damage .	The flat tire would take at least half an hour to fix it himself .	Nathan fixed the tire in no time and got back on the road .
2	She could n't drive her car over it to go to work .	Ally woke up to a surprise .	Her long driveway was covered in two feet of snow .	She called a plowing service but there were none available .	Ally had to call out of work that day .
2	He could n't figure out what to get .	Sam wanted a painting for his apartment .	He went to some art galleries to look around .	He asked someone working for help .	They were able to pick out a painting that fit Sam 's needs .
4	After find the chef , he placed his phone in a bowl of rice .	Brett was eating soup at a restaurant .	He saw a funny video on his phone and laughed uncontrollably .	He dropped his phone in the bowl of soup .	Brett ran to the kitchen asking for rice .
2	During a moment of inattentiveness , he knocks the glass over .	Matthew is not allowed to eat or drink near the computer .	One day , Matthew brings a glass of water near the laptop .	Water spills all over the keyboard .	Matthew looses computer privileges for a month .
0	This morning , I attended a training at my work office .	The training focused on creating and delivering better presentations .	It was very interactive .	I gave a brief five minute presentation to the whole class .	Overall I feel as though I learned a lot .
4	I love scoring sweet deals at the mall .	Today i was shopping at the mall .	As i passed this one store i noticed a big `` Sale '' sign .	I quickly went inside to check out the deal for some cute sweaters .	I grabbed two sweaters and as i checked out they rang up even cheaper .
4	His steaks were burned on one side .	Jon bought steaks to grill .	He heated the grill .	While the steaks were on the grill , he entertained his guests .	Jon forgot to turn the steaks .
3	He could barely walk around wearing all that stuff !	Friday was the last day of Bob 's Spirit Week .	For this day he was required to wear merchandise from his school .	Bob spent 300 dollars on merchandise and brought it all to school .	Bob earned a bunch of points for his contributions that day .
1	He had stepped out of the kitchen when he smelled smoke .	Sam was making homemade fries for the first time .	He ran into the kitchen and saw an oil fire .	He remembered to smother it instead of using water .	Luckily , the fire was subdued and did n't make too much damage .
1	She heard an animal crying .	The girl and her mom went to the pet store .	She walked up to it .	She pet the cat .	They then decided to buy the cat .
0	A girl was in line to ride a plane .	The girl walked up to the checkout counter .	She reached into her pockets .	However she could n't find her plane ticket anywhere .	Luckily she could use her phone as a ticket too .
2	She found a video on the internet that taught her how to draw one .	Kelley wished she could draw a beautiful horse for her mother .	She tried a few times and failed miserably .	She watched the video and practiced a lot .	Kelly now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother .
2	My dad was very angry .	My grandma knitted a white tablecloth for my parents .	My mom got red sauce on it !	Fortunately , it came out very easily .	My dad was not angry anymore .
1	He is talking very loud .	Ferdy is at the poker game .	Someone next to Ferdy wants him to shut up .	The person takes a hot dog and shoves it in Ferdy 's mouth .	Ferdy is not very happy and hits the man .
3	He ended up with really short patches .	Wyatt 's hair was getting much too long .	His mom decided to give him a haircut herself .	She gathered all the necessary supplies and chopped away .	She decided to go to a professional next time .
4	Bob ended up getting plastic surgery 20 more times .	Bob was always upset about his looks .	So he saved up money to get plastic surgery .	He had his large nose nose shrunk .	But he still was n't happy .
4	Rachel built the guinea pigs a bigger cage .	Rachel bought two sweet guinea pigs .	She housed them in a pet store cage .	She loved them so much that she did research about them online .	It was then that she realized that their cage was much too small .
0	The man from the KGB climbed in through the balcony window .	He was here to assassinate the Earl of Abingdon .	He slinked through the dark corridors as silently as a shadow .	Suddenly he freaked out as his face walked into a spiders web .	The guards found him huddled in the corner shaking with fear .
0	Sandy had n't been home to see her family in a long time .	She boarded the flight and flew back to her home town .	She was excited , but nervous .	Her family was there to greet her at the airport .	Sandy was so happy and felt very loved .
1	He walked into the meeting room and found a seat .	Howard decided to go to a PTA meeting one day .	After a while , noticed that people were very cold and hostile .	All of a sudden , a man began yelling at him about a school policy .	This made Howard confused and uncomfortable , so he decided to leave .
1	Suddenly he saw a strange glistening patch of sand .	Ben was hiking in the jungle .	His guide hurried him away from it .	Ben asked what it was .	His guide explained that it was quicksand !
3	The worse part is I was the only one there .	I was invited to a party from a somewhat friend .	He seems nice and I decided to go .	When I arrive the party was lame and nothing to do but watch tv .	First party that I wanted to be over fast .
2	His company had not paid him .	Richard was supposed to be paid today .	He checked his bank account .	This was a regular occurrence .	Richard quit his job without notice .
2	She asked everyone who threw the pencil .	Faried threw a pencil at the teacher .	She got out of her desk and was mad .	No one wanted to confess .	As a result , she gave the whole class detention .
3	The girls loved the pizza at both parlors .	Kim and Beth wanted to try genuine New York City Pizza .	They asked around to find out who had the best Pizza .	They tried two of the original New York pizza parlors .	After trying the pizza 's they were n't able to say which was better .
4	The team won by two points and went on to state finals .	Dan was the team basketball star at his school .	This game determined who would go on to state finals .	Dan and his team mates played with all their heart .	The game was tied when Dan shot the last basket hoping to make it .
3	The next morning , she was very hung over !	Sam went out for Saint Patrick 's Day .	She had several green beers .	She felt festive at first , but then kind of sick .	Sam decided not to drink so much any more .
0	Jan started her new job yesterday .	She was initially nervous .	Jan bought a new suit to ease her nerves .	Jan showed up to her first day with confidence .	Jan made a great first impression .
2	But , at a party , he ate something that made his bowels move .	Greg never thought he 'd boo-boo on himself .	He especially did n't think he 'd do it at a party .	The bathroom door was locked and he relieved himself .	One party goer thought the house pet used the bathroom on the floor .
4	This made her very happy .	Rory really wanted a new bracelet .	Unfortunately , the one she wanted was too expensive .	She was sad .	On their anniversary , her husband got her the bracelet she wanted .
3	The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor .	Tom was preparing for a business trip .	He was scared of flying .	Once he got on the plane he was nervous .	This person helped to calm Tom down , and Tom enjoyed the flight .
4	I vowed to never go to bed late again .	Last night was brutal .	I stayed up all night until 3 in the morning .	I was exhausted .	When I woke up in the morning I drank three cups of coffee .
3	They especially love to splash which tends to make a mess .	At our house bath time is so fun .	We have three kids to give a bath too .	They love to pretend to swim and use bath crayons .	It may be long and sometimes messy but so much fun !
0	Tam and his family ordered Chinese one night .	They all ate heartily .	But the next morning , they were all feeling ill .	They had gotten food poisoning from the Chinese food !	Tam and his parents had to miss school and work that day .
2	Angie was crazy about Matt .	Angie met a guy named Matt .	They started talking every day .	They went on their first date .	They learned they had so much in common .
2	I panicked and went back inside and called my power department .	I woke up one morning and went outside to grab the newspaper .	When I walked outside , I saw a power line jumping around in my yard .	Several professionals showed up later and fixed the power line issue .	I went outside and quickly grabbed my newspaper .
3	Today was the kittens lucky day he finds a fresh fish .	A baby kitten wanders out of the house .	The kitten wanders around trying to find some food .	He goes to his neighbor 's house to look for food .	After the kitten eats his fish he returns home .
2	Austin was too tired to be holding anything above his face last night .	Every night Austin watched movies with his iPad .	He held it above him while he would lie on his back .	He fell asleep and dropped the iPad directly on his nose .	He now has a broken iPad screen and a broken nose .
1	His current one was starting to get worn out .	Sam wanted to get a new keyboard .	He went to his local electronics store .	He found a mechanical keyboard that he really enjoyed .	Sam was able to type much faster with this new keyboard .
2	The boy explained that he just broke up with his girl and was sad	A boy was burning a big fire behind his house .	The boys friend came up to him to see what 's up .	The friend gave him a big hug .	He helped the boy by burning all the pictures that reminded him of her
2	They sat there and fished all day .	Tom took his girlfriend out for her first fishing experience .	He taught her the basics and then gave her a rod to try herself .	Later on , his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him .	Tom was proud of her even though he felt defeated .
0	Rob asked Mary if she had locked the door numerous times .	She kept saying she had .	Once they returned home they noticed the door open and the tv gone .	No forced entry meant the door was unlocked .	Now Mary has to buy a new television .
2	Or , she could go to Wal-Mart , which provides lower prices .	Emily is on a budget with both her time and money today .	She could go to Food Lion , which provides very fast service .	Her budget on money is tighter than her budget on time .	Emily decides to score some deals at Wal-Mart and do the self-checkout .
4	Max 's neighbor returned the ball , and then they continued playing .	Max was at the plate in a game of kickball .	He kicked the ball when it rolled to him .	It flew into his neighbor 's backyard .	Max rang their doorbell and asked for his ball .
3	While they were boiling she went to shower .	Deb loved to eat tuna salad .	She bought all the ingredients so she could make it for lunch .	Deb began to boil her eggs on high temperature .	When she returned she had eggs exploded all over her kitchen .
2	The teacher expressed her disappointment in Nell .	Nell 's gym teacher asked the class to do calisthenics .	Nell did the exercises half-heartedly .	Nell said she did n't need to exercise because she was n't a fatty .	The teacher told the class she used to weigh 400 pounds .
4	Yes , and I bought it !	I 'll bring the lemonade and Jane can bring the cake .	Where should we have it this year ?	Same as last year , at Nora 's country house .	But Nora sold that house just last week .
3	Carly 's family decided to move away .	Carly had been afraid of storms her whole life .	When Carly was twenty-nine , her home was hit by a tornado .	Carly and her family lost all of their belongings and their home .	Carly and her family now live in Hawaii and are very happy .
0	Hank was invited to a friend 's party .	He was anxious about the social atmosphere .	On the day of the party , Hank was nervous .	When he got to the party , he was warmly greeted .	Hank met a new friend , named Jon , at the party .
0	I had a pet rabbit .	He loved alfalfa .	I planted some in the backyard so I could give him fresh alfalfa .	When it was ready , I brought him a bundle to eat .	He ate every last bite .
2	Every girl she looked at suddenly started flirting with her .	Raven went to a bar to meet new people .	She just wanted to make friends .	She did not want to hook up .	She went back home and watched tv .
2	I 'm not sure how we are ever suppose to get hooked on a series .	One of my favorite shows just got cancelled .	It seems like these days just about every show gets cancelled .	I wrote a letter the the network venting my frustration .	Hopefully they read it and it helps .
4	Ken learned to do better for the next storm .	Ken 's city was hit by a big snow storm	He was new to the area and not used to the climate .	The storm was bigger than anything he had seen before .	He had not prepared with appropriate supplies .
1	One day she got it study in the hair dryer .	Brittany loved her long hair .	She had to cut it out .	She cut her hair short to fix it .	Brittany missed her long hair .
0	A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial .	He began studying many religions .	He found profound life lessons offered by every religion .	He absorbed what was useful and discarded the rest .	He saw his life improve .
2	A mother with her Girl Scout daughter came along .	Tim wanted to help his daughter sell Girl Scout cookies .	They went to sell them in front of the local deli .	The mother said that was always their spot and they started arguing .	Rays wife came along and chased the other mother away .
4	She has been my cat child for 8 years now and is very happy .	I decided to get a pet kitten .	I went to the pet store and looked around .	This beautiful kitten was clawing and biting the cage , to get to me .	I decided to adopt her and take her home .
0	I was glad to do a job that paid a small amount of money .	Later , the same job was offered for twice the pay .	I was disappointed and sorry I had done the task early in the day .	I was starting to regret working for that employer	I was surprised and pleased to receive a bonus for the difference .
0	Paul dreamt of being a baker , so he saved up his money to buy a shop .	When Paul opened his shop , he worked hard on promoting it .	He waited for the shop to take off , but people never showed up .	Paul tried his hardest to make ends meet with his few customers .	Eventually , it became too expensive , and Paul had to close shop .
4	It would be inconvenient , but Gina hoped it would at least be quick .	Gina went for a walk near her home .	At the end of the walkway was an orange construction sign .	Gina walked over to see what the sign said .	The sign stated a major street would be closing for repairs .
2	One day , Nell 's dad came home fuming .	Nell could n't resist the candy counter in her dad 's store .	She snuck in after hours to eat her favorite candies .	He said a customer returned a big bag of bridge mix candy .	In the bin , he found the mix was reduced to a couple types of candy .
1	Ian paid him to buy and sell stocks .	Joe was a stockbroker .	Joe was n't good at his job .	He squandered Ian 's money .	Poor Ian had to sell his house .
1	She worked very hard to get his weight up .	Gertie was worried her baby was not meeting his milestones .	Sometimes she would have him do tummy time to get strong .	She took her baby boy to the doctor .	The doctor said the baby was doing very well .
1	Her mother was furious .	Gina was using dish soap to clean soda off the sidewalk .	She could n't believe Gina would waste soap in such a manner .	She handed Gina the hose and went into the house .	Gina stood holding a water hose , with no water coming out of it
4	Amanda was excited to have her acting career on the way .	Amanda wanted to become a actress .	Amanda researched acting classes on the internet .	After conducting research , Amanda found a reputable acting coach .	After meeting with the coach , Amanda decided to join the class .
2	He jumped on his skateboard .	Jake was riding his skateboard outside .	He was trying to grind a rail in the park .	He fell awkwardly on his side .	Luckily , Jake was uninjured from his attempt .
1	So when he was at a buffet , he got too much food .	Ryan always overdid things .	He put sausage , ham , chicken , bacon , eggs , and waffles on his plate .	But he quickly realized he could n't finish it all .	Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it .
2	She could n't afford to buy a pair .	Winter had just arrived .	Anna had no boots .	Then she went to the goodwill and found some for $ 5 .	Anna was able to keep her feet warm that winter after all !
0	Phil and Laurel had been friends for more than 20 years .	Their kids had played Little League on the same team .	When Laurel 's husband died suddenly of a stroke she married Phil .	No one in town could believe that Phil left his wife for Laurel .	The only one that was n't shocked was Phil 's ex wife , Angelique .
1	He wanted to be an adult .	Tom wanted to grow up .	He told his parents that he was an adult .	They showed him the electric bill .	Tom no longer wanted to be an adult .
4	When she lost all her friends , she became very lonely .	Caitlyn was a very pretty and smart girl , but she was mean to others .	When someone made her mad , she would try to get others mad at them .	She always gossiped about other people and said ugly things .	Soon , her behavior made no one want to be friends with her .
1	They always had a competition on who could catch the biggest fish .	Tom went fishing with some friends .	Something caught Tom 's line , but it was too big .	It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned .	Tom never went fishing with his friends again .
1	He flirted with several young girls that were ordinary neighbors .	The mailman became a disturbance in the neighborhood .	In addition , He never sends the mail directly to someone .	When the neighbor asked for it , one of the messages got thrown at him .	The man collapsed on the ground .
1	Over time , meat began to give him an upset stomach .	Terry was a ravenous consumer of meat .	Terry decided to become a vegetarian .	At first , he found it hard to eat wholesome meals without meat .	Soon enough , he adjusted to the vegetarian diet and loved it !
0	An unethical salesman went to sell things to a family .	He used his talking techniques to make the family want his product .	The family gave in and bought a lot of his product and wasted money .	The salesman made a lot of money that day .	He saved the money so he could buy himself a new sports car .
1	He likes hearing his mother and father talk in the front seat .	Marco loves riding in the car with his family .	However , this time , Marco falls asleep in the back seat .	When the family arrives home he finally wakes up .	He wishes had stayed awake for the car ride .
1	I am having trouble assembling my costume .	I was invited to a halloween party for this weekend .	I decided to go as a chef .	I ca n't find any cartoonish chef hats available anywhere .	All I can find are actual normal chef hats .
0	Lilly purchased the biggest turkey she could find .	It was the first year she was making dinner for her large family .	That morning , she attempted to put the bird into the oven .	But it was too big so she could n't get it in .	She had to fix burgers that she had in the freezer instead .
0	It was his fault that she had died .	He 'd been drinking away the humiliation of his day at work .	He ignored his common sense and the law as he got into his car .	He 'd run her over so badly , pieces of her were stuck in the grille .	The judge did n't throw the book at him so much as smash him with it .
2	I immediately went to go and buy it .	Yesterday the pink iPhone came out .	It was beautiful .	I was the first one at the store .	When I went home I immediately plugged it in .
3	He then felt really bad .	Tom had an argument with his mother .	He did n't want to clean his room .	He yelled at his mother for an hour .	He decided to clean his room and apologize .
3	In a panic , I called 911 .	My daughter is afraid to try new foods .	I was happy that I talked her into trying a bag of mixed nuts .	Soon after she ate some of the nuts she stopped breathing .	She lived but found out the hard way that she has a severe nut allergy
4	Richie cleaned up the mess that they made the next morning .	Richie 's parents were gone for the weekend .	He had the whole house to himself !	Richie invited all his friends to come over .	Richie and his friends partied all night long .
1	His parents started him in therapy .	Kevin was feeling upset lately .	At first Kevin was reluctant to speak to his therapist .	But when they started speaking , he felt better .	Slowly Kevin let the therapist improve his mental health .
2	I thought I was trying to be constructive .	My wife and I got into an argument over dinner .	She said I insulted her cooking abilities .	Either way I had to sleep on the couch .	But I refuse to apologize for it having too much salt .
1	More than anything , she wanted a CD player as a present .	Katie was really looking forward to her birthday .	On her birthday , she received many lovely presents .	Finally , she opened the last one .	She got a CD player !
1	His dog made a mess of his suit .	Jake was getting wedded tomorrow .	Jake decided to go buy a new suit .	The stores were all closed .	Jake got married in shorts and a t-shirt .
1	His friends have been afraid to tell him that it looks very bad .	Joseph has been growing a beard for about a year .	Finally a friend tells Joseph that his beard looks awful .	Joseph decides to shave it .	He never grows a beard again .
2	After 2-3 hours he took it out and placed it on the table .	Harry tried to prepare a fish casserole for the family .	He seasoned the casserole and allowed it to sit in the oven .	When Janice looked at the bottom , the fish was raw .	Everyone else found out that their fish was raw .
0	Alan was the coach of a little league baseball team .	His son was on the team .	Alan was very excited because the team was doing well .	He chose to enter them into the little league World Series .	Alan took his team to the World Series and they won .
2	The umpire was not sure if this was acceptable .	A baseball team had a game scheduled for Easter Sunday .	The coach painted the baseballs pastel colors for the game .	He took out the rulebook and checked .	Since there was no rule against it he allowed it .
1	He decided to purchase a $ 20 dollar gift card .	Tim wanted to buy a gift for his friend .	It was for TGI Fridays .	He planned to put the card in his pocket .	It slipped through his pocket hole and he lost it .
0	Harry received a birthday gift from his grandma .	He decided to call to thank her .	He had to search for the phone .	Once he found it , he made the phone call .	He talked to his grandma and said thank you .
2	The nurse called for her doctor .	Kate went into labor on Monday morning .	Her husband rushed her to the hospital .	The doctor came to her room .	The doctor delivered Kate 's baby .
4	Amy was sad she was n't able to get the club off the ground .	Amy wanted to start a Babysitters Club like in the books .	She asked her friends Beth , and May to join .	The girls were all very excited .	After a week none of them had a job yet .
4	He is anxiously awaiting to see how they do	Rob was a fan of basketball	It was now March Madness season in college basketball	He sat on his couch and watched many of the games	He was rooting for his hometown Villanova Wildcats
2	Tim was shaking as he was eating his dinner .	Tim asked the girl he liked out to dinner .	The night of the dinner , he was really nervous .	Suddenly he spilled his dinner all over his pants .	His date laughed and Tim was embarrassed .
0	Nancy walked towards Brianna .	They were arguing about a project that was poorly executed .	The entire office heard several bickering noises .	The boss approached the girls .	He dismissed them from work .
3	They jumped around in the puddle for hours .	Pippa and George loved playing in mud puddles .	One day they found a great big puddle in the backyard .	They put on old clothes and boots .	They were covered in mud from head to toe by the time they went in .
2	When she was ten , her grandfather became very ill .	Jacque loved gazing at the stars with her grandpa .	It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them .	After a few months of illness , her grandfather passed away .	Jacque missed him terribly , but always felt better while star gazing .
4	She could n't wait to get home and cook in it !	Anne needed a wok to cook her meal .	She drove to the store .	Then she began looking at cooking pots and pans .	She selected a perfect wok .
3	I went to school one day and showed my abilities .	When I was a toddler my dad would put me to bed .	Before we said goodnight , he would read me a story .	Eventually he let me read it out loud on my own .	My teachers were astounded that I could read at so young .
4	The show sells out and Elvis is very happy .	Elvis is promoting local bands shows .	He 's passionate about what he does .	He prints signs and spreads the word about an upcoming show .	The show has a lot of buzz .
3	Now his guitar sounds great !	Jasper notices that his guitar does n't sound right .	At first he can not determine what has gone wrong .	Finally he tries tuning the guitar .	Jasper is so happy he guitar sounds good again .
0	This the story of how I met my wife .	Two boys had knocked all my books out of my arms in the hallway .	A girl was standing in a nearby classroom doorway as I picked them up .	She smiled at me and said that when she grew up , she was having girls .	23 years later , she 's my wife and we have two girls - and a boy .
0	Anita was tired from a long day of shopping .	She dreaded the fact that she still had to wrap the gifts .	She begged her husband to help her .	He did n't want to help her though .	Anita begrudgingly went to work wrapping the gifts by herself .
3	He did not tell anyone .	Greg had a soccer game	The day before the game , he got very sick	He decided he would work with it and still play .	He ended up puking on the field
1	The grass fire was heading towards an unprotected structure .	The winds shifted to the east , and Aaron became stressed .	He ordered his men to water down the old wood .	Aaron began digging line to create a boundary .	Their efforts worked , and Aaron got a commendation .
4	Shelly 's room was never messy again .	Shelly 's room was very messy .	Shelly 's mom wanted to figure out what to do .	There were cd 's everywhere in Shelly 's room .	Shelly 's mom got her a cd case .
3	He left the store with the chips and dip after paying for them .	Jeffrey went to the store .	He had to purchase some food for a party .	He bought chips and dip .	Jeffrey enjoyed the party he went to later .
2	Instead , I would create a fake author and title for a book .	We were assigned many book reports in 9th grade English class .	Sadly , I did not like to read and never read any of the assignments .	Then I would invent a storyline and write my report .	Somehow I passed English class with very high grades .
4	I guess it was a case of mistaken identity .	I was walking down the street .	All of a sudden someone came up to me .	They were talking like they knew me .	I had no clue who they were .
0	Timothy has a big test tomorrow .	Timothy starts to read his textbooks .	Timothy studies his notes from class .	Timothy stays up all night studying .	Timothy is well prepared for the test the next morning .
2	One day , a low-income man needed help on his car .	Daniel was a mechanic .	He did n't make much money and lead a humble life .	The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return .	Daniel did it free of charge and brought the food home for his kids .
4	Robbie and his parents took the new pet cat home .	Robbie wanted a pet cat .	His parents took him to the Humane Society to choose one .	Robbie looked at all of the cats in the cages .	Finally , he chose a black and grey cat .
3	Jim goes to see his son play in the band .	Jim 's son Joe is a great guitar player .	Joe has been playing the guitar for Years .	Joe has been asked to join a band .	He is proud of how good his son is at playing guitar .
1	They carefully erect walls and towers out of moist sand .	Aurora and Jonah are building a sandcastle .	They painstakingly dig a deep moat around their creation .	They decorate the walls and the surrounding area with seashells .	They smile in satisfaction as they examine their completed project .
2	He realized the sewing kit in his pocket fell into the haystack .	Steve walked into his barn to grab some hay to feed the horses .	He tripped over a shovel and crashed into the hay pile .	Steve found the kit but was missing a needle .	Steve looked at the pile and cursed out loud .
1	Tammy kept winning each game .	Tammy and Jane sat down to play a board game .	They decided to make a rule so Tammy would have a harder time .	The next game was much closer .	The game after that Jane had won .
4	He chose a new pokemon game .	Jeremy 's mom needed him to pull some weeds .	She promised that if he did , he could get a new toy .	Jeremy quickly pulled all of the weeds in the garden .	Then , his mom took him to the store .
3	She could not remember what she was supposed to say to pick someone !	It was Molly 's turn to be it .	She walked around the circle tapping the other children on the head .	She said duct each time .	Finally her friend Liz whispered the word goose as she walked by .
4	The winner of the race thanked the last place guy for the motivation .	There was a big race with many laps on a circular track .	The guy in first lapped the last place guy .	The guy in last got so frustrated he quit .	Last place guy went to the sidelines and cheered everyone else on .
0	Dan misses his hometown of Denver .	Dan decides that he is going to plan a quick weekend trip .	Dan looks up airline tickets for his trip .	In addition , Dan books a hotel room for his stay .	Dan is very excited about visiting his hometown of Denver .
3	He was so interested in exploring that he did n't realize he was lost .	A man went on a hike and found a cave in the side of a hill .	He took out his flashlight and began to explore .	The cave was dark and mysterious .	He never made it out of that cave .
0	Carl was playing videogames with a friend .	His friend was a sore loser .	Carl kept letting him win .	At one point Carl beat him .	Carl 's friend became visibly upset over it .
4	But it was n't the kind of computer that used the Adobe Creative Suite .	Charles read the post on the bulletin board .	It said a Macbook Pro was for sale , only three hundred dollars .	Charles contacted the seller .	She demonstrated the Mac computer and it worked fine .
3	It turned out that his dog had been pregnant .	Alex was in his basement looking for a box .	Suddenly , he heard some whimpering .	He looked in the corner and found a group of puppies .	He decided to keep one and give the rest away .
1	The lady came and started cleaning .	Marsha hired a cleaning lady to clean the house .	She cleaned the bathroom , kitchen , front room , and bedrooms .	She then washed the windows .	Marsha paid the lady , and she left .
1	She gave a mite to the beggar on the street .	One day a poor widow came to town .	The rich man gave a lot more .	The widow gave more than the rich man .	The mite was all she had .
3	Everyone was alright , but it took hours to get the elevator working .	Randall was late for an important business meeting .	He made straight for the elevator when he reached the building .	The elevator began to move , then stopped with a loud grinding noise .	Randall was extremely dismayed that he 'd missed his meeting .
1	All of the chickens go in the coop by then except one .	I always try to close my chicken coop just before dark .	The one that does not go in is blind .	I think she can not tell when the sun goes down .	I always have to wait to close the coop when she is ready .
3	His nephew said that was not possible .	Tony took his nephew and two friends on a ski trip .	They took a cable ride up and around a mountain .	Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski down the mountain .	Next , their tour guide pointed out an avalanche .
0	Will hated the movie theatre .	He could n't stand when his feet would stick to the floor .	The sound of other people smacking and talking made him angry .	His problem was his crush wanted to see the new Nicholas Sparks movie .	So he decided not to go and is sleeping on the couch for the week .
3	Alex gave him a ladder .	Bob was fixing a light bulb .	It took a long time .	He just could n't reach it .	After that Bob changed the bulb and was happy .
2	The saleslady told Jane that it was all a matter of preference .	Jane was pondering what type of stockings to get .	She had a few pair in her hands and asked the salesperson for advice .	She had preferred the feel of silk over nylon , she told Jane .	Still uncertain , Jane ended up buying the silk pair of stockings .
1	He had some broken wire in a wall so he needed to buy new wire .	Tim was trying to fix the electrical wiring in his home .	Tim went to the store to get new wire .	When he got home he tried to install it .	The wire he just bought was the wrong size and Tim failed .
2	I used the dead grass to start a fire in my burn ring .	Today I raked my entire backyard .	There was a lot of dead grass that needed to be cleaned up .	The burn ring was not able to contain the fire .	I am glad I raked up the grass because the fire would have spread .
1	Mae baked the cake all by herself .	Ann let her daughter Mae bake a cake .	She measured everything and put it in the oven .	When the cake was done it looked delicious .	She forget to add oil and it tasted awful .
3	So he asked his mom to take him to the nearest orchard .	Justin loves fresh fruit .	Every morning he makes a list of what fruit he would like that day .	Today 's list was apples and strawberries .	Then they used all the fruits to bake special treats !
2	She was surprised that she did not read it sooner .	Holly loved reading .	Recently she picked up the harry potter books .	She was so engrossed she did not eat all day .	She finished the first 3 books in one day .
0	Joe had trouble paying attention in class .	The teacher tried to make class interesting .	Joe still fell asleep everyday .	Then , the teacher threatened to call Joe 's father .	After that Joe always paid attention .
1	I noticed that several of the questions were complicated .	I began my physics homework .	When I attempted the first question , I spent one hour doing nothing .	I developed a headache afterwards .	As a result , I went to sleep although the homework was n't finished .
4	She was so turned off , she turned around and left .	Kali went to do her first video music video .	She was very excited and ready to dance .	When she got there , the scene was very ghetto .	The producer said to just ignore it and dance .
0	Bob sat down to do a crossword puzzle .	He was able to fill in most of it .	He no clue what the other answers were .	Bob filled in the blanks with random letters .	He felt that this was good enough .
3	He printed out dozens of posters .	Michael loved dragon ball Z .	He saw all the episodes .	One day he decided to look up posters for it .	He ended up selling them for money .
0	Jen was trying to cut sugar .	She decided to only eat natural sources of sugar .	Jen also decided to only drink water .	She started to see changes in her skin tone .	She was glad she made the switch .
4	Jeb was so sad that he never played earthquake again .	Jeb was bored at home .	He decided to make an earthquake .	He shook the kitchen table .	Everything fell down and broke .
0	Noela was asked to be a bridesmaid by her friend .	She gladly accepted the title .	Noela got to walk with a handsome man .	The two of them hit it off at the reception .	They exchanged numbers and stayed in touch .
3	One goose jumped out of the water to chase him !	Sam took his lunch break by the pond outside his office building .	He had too much food , so he decided to share .	He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese .	He dropped the scraps as he ran from the goose .
0	David rarely watered his lawn .	So his wife pushed him into watering it .	It was a hot day .	And David stood outside watering his lawn for half an hour .	But the next day , it rained .
0	Cole was excited about his first day of kindergarten .	But he was nervous that nobody would like him .	He feared he would n't make any friends at all .	Then Cole realized that his classmates were all friends from Pre-K .	Cole had fifteen friends in his class , happy to see him !
2	At the shoe store I ask the clerk for help .	At work I 'm on my feet all day long .	My feet hurt so badly , I needed new work shoes .	I bought the brand she recommended .	The new shoes work great and everyone loved them .
0	Tori wanted to make a new skirt .	She purchased the fabric .	She picked out the perfect thread .	She sat down in front of a sewing machine , ready to work .	Suddenly , she realized she did not know how to sew at all .
2	With a wavery voice she pleaded with him .	Eloise dropped down to her knees .	She looked up at her dad with tearful eyes .	Would n't he let her keep the puppy , she begged .	Her father finally acquiesced and Eloise hugged the puppy .
4	She asked if they could watch birds together and they held hands .	Marvin was a very lonely guy .	All he did in his spare time was watch birds with his binoculars .	He worried he 'd never meet a girl .	One day at the park , a woman showed up with binoculars .
3	As he trimmed her bangs , Lily strained to get out of reach .	Lily 's dad saved money by giving his kids haircuts .	Lily dreaded it when her dad asked her to sit for a haircut .	Her dad warned her to sit still when Lily squirmed .	When the haircut was done , her bangs made a diagonal line .
1	He seems nice but with tinder you just never know .	Hannah decides to meet up with a guy from tinder .	He is charming but looks nothing like his photos .	Hannah asks for the check and leaves the date fast .	Hannah does n't regret leaving the man alone .
4	Matt felt bad and bought him another one .	Tim loved green apples .	He had one in the fridge .	Matt ate it .	Tim was mad .
4	Janie chose the best shirt and purchased it .	Janie had spilled some ink on her favorite shirt .	She tried to clean it , but it left a bad stain .	Janie went to the store to find a new shirt .	She tried on three different shirts .
0	Eugene was a drug addict .	He tried to quit on his own , but could n't .	Then his mom sent him to rehab .	Eugene learned many valuable skills there .	Now he is drug free !
2	He tried to return it to the rental place but it was closed down .	Matt was cleaning his house .	He found a movie he had rented a long time ago .	Matt checked his credit history and there were no hits .	He kept the movie .
1	She takes them somewhere special every summer .	Cierra loves her nieces and nephews .	This summer Cierra got the kids tickets to a special museum event .	The event included an exclusive look at a new dinosaur exhibit .	In the end they all had a great time creating a new memory together .
4	I wish my husband had a `` BIG voice '' too !	Bernard has a big booming voice .	His wife Gail calls it the `` BIG voice '' .	Bernard only uses it when one of his kids is in trouble .	His kids are so afraid of the sound of it that they are well behaved .
3	He was denied by his manager .	Bill was looking forward to his paid time off vacation .	He knew he had worked hard for that vacation .	He proudly submitted the request after never missing a day of work .	He left the company soon after .
2	Then , she put the cake in to bake .	Margaret decided to bake a cake .	She mixed all the ingredients together .	Unfortunately , she fell asleep after putting the cake in to bake .	The cake was burned and ruined !
3	But Bill saves the day by getting his massive family to come .	Jack hires Bill to promote the Grand Opening of his restaurant .	But Bill puts the wrong date on all the promo material .	When no customers show up it is nearly a disaster .	Jack forgives him but he never hires Bill again .
3	She said the she was happy too as long as mom made macaroni salad .	Marsha went home for Christmas .	She met her mom and her dad at the airport .	Her parents told her they were happy to see her .	Marsha 's mom said that she already did and it 's waiting at home .
2	As she was reading it , she began to shrivel up .	Mary checked her mailbox .	She received an important envelope .	She told her husband that the house was on the verge of closing down .	They took a moment to hug each other .
0	Summer was ending , and school was starting soon .	A boy named mike was very nervous and did n't want to go .	His parents took him school shopping .	He felt much more confident with his new clothes and supplies .	When the first day of school arrived , Mike was no longer afraid .
1	They met at a restaurant .	Jill 's friend set her up on a blind date .	After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again .	The next day her friend called to ask why she had stood her date up .	She had accidentally had dinner with the wrong person !
3	She did n't know where to throw up .	Rachel was pregnant .	She was riding the bus after a check-up .	Suddenly , she began to feel sick .	Finally , she decided to do it into her purse , and hid it from the bus .
0	I was in line at the cinema .	A woman and her two kids were ahead of me .	One of the kids was crying that he had to use the bathroom .	The mother said he could wait .	The boy proved her wrong by wetting himself .
4	Now I save a lot of money and am insured !	I recently got a motorcycle .	I needed to get insurance .	I decided to call a few companies .	One company suggested bundling my insurance .
4	But she felt devastated when she overheard comments about her sketch .	Linda was sketching in public .	Some people stopped to watch her .	And eventually , there was a decent sized crowd .	Linda felt happy that so many people were watching her .
3	The librarian told him no .	Jon wanted to know more about birds , so he went to the library .	While at the library , he saw an attractive librarian .	He slowly got up the nerve to talk to the librarian , and asked her out	Jon ran out of the library and never went there again .
1	She tried the bathroom window on the side of the house .	Gina needed to get into her locked house .	It was locked .	She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked .	Gina climbed into the house through the window .
2	Marissa decided to check it out .	Marissa had been hearing about a new show all week .	The premiere was tonight .	She watched the first episode .	She liked it alot .
3	She awoke to doors slamming as they stopped at a gas station .	Gina was on a road trip with her family .	She had been trying unsuccessfully to fall asleep for 2 hours .	Finally she drifted off into sleep .	She was mortified to find she had only been asleep an hour .
4	After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own .	Tim was scared when he got a bike without training wheels .	Tim 's dad helped him get on the bike and going .	Tim 's dad let go and Tim fell over .	Tim would not give up and got back on the bike .
3	Fortunately , he had saved up money for a new one .	Jesse had a very old computer .	He wanted a new one	His computer broke suddenly .	Jesse bought a new computer .
1	She liked their relationship .	Kelly had been with Tim for three months .	However Tim wanted to be serious .	Kelly was not sure she wanted that .	They ended up breaking up .
2	Finally , I selected the local culinary school 's weekend program .	I decided to learn how to cook .	I researched hobby cooking classes available nearby .	The first class , all we did was learn cooking terms .	When we began cooking the second class , I burned down the classroom !
4	Luckily , she was able to get back up and walk home safely .	Maya was walking alongside a river , looking for frogs .	She was stepping on smooth rocks when she slipped .	She fell and hit her head on some rocks .	For a second , she felt really dizzy and lightheaded .
2	His parents knew their son could be famous .	Silas had big dream of being famous .	He was talented at acting and singing .	Silas and his family moved to Los Angeles .	Silas went on many auditions and landed a movie role .
0	I love my husband but sometimes I wonder why I married him .	He 's loving , considerate and not always the sharpest tack in the box .	It snowed and I could n't find my snow boots .	My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill .	I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay .
1	His `` e '' key on his keyboard stopped working .	Joe was typing an essay for class .	He blew out his keyboard with some computer duster .	It fixed the key on his keyboard .	Joe was able to finish typing the essay .
0	Mike took out his cookbook .	He tried to make some chicken stock .	He tasted the final product .	It did not taste right to him .	Mike poured the stock down the drain .
1	He put in his paperwork and retired .	Byron thought it was time to retire .	He slept and did what he wanted all the time .	Then he got bored and went back to work .	Byron was glad to be working again .
3	Mark 's supervisor asked him if everything was okay at home .	Mark was learning lines for the role of a lunatic in an upcoming play .	The role required Mark to grow a large , unwieldy beard .	Mark 's supervisor at work called him into his office .	They both had a good laugh when Mark explained why he looked so crazy .
3	The big doors of the firehouse swung open .	The alarm bell rang in the firehouse .	The firefighters quickly put on their coats , boots , and hats .	The firefighters ran to the fire trucks .	The fire trucks raced towards the fire .
3	The tired man had too much pride to take the seat .	On the bus it was very crowded .	A tired man walked on the bus and looked for a seat .	A woman saw how tired he was and stood up .	As a result , no one sat in the open seat .
1	He invited all of his friends .	Tim was having a party at his house .	Tim played music over his huge surround sound system .	Soon after , he received a knock on the door .	The police told Tim to keep the music down .
3	Tim looked at his wife is disbelief .	Tim liked football .	He was watching a game on the tv .	His wife changed the channel during the fourth quarter of the game .	They both started laughing at how silly his reaction was .
1	She lets go of the chair and takes a slow step forward , then another .	Lana is learning to walk .	She takes two more steps forward , into her mother 's arms .	Mama cheers for Lana 's victory !	Now Lana walks everywhere .
2	He did n't care about the speed limits .	Trevor has a fast car that he bought recently .	He loved speeding in it everywhere .	A police officer saw him speeding by .	Trevor got a very pricey ticket he had to pay .
0	Josh loved to eat steak .	His wife did not like steak .	Josh wanted to get a good steak .	He left his wife to go to the steakhouse .	Now he is filing for divorce .
2	They decided to arm wrestle .	Tim was competing with his brother .	They wanted to see who was the strongest .	The match lasted five minutes .	They both quit and decided it did n't matter who was stronger .
2	She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo .	Izzy went to bingo at church with her grandma .	She went every now and then but she had never won .	She had all the numbers on her card .	She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs .
2	He went to watch television but realized he was hungry .	Tom was hungry one morning .	So he put bread in the toaster .	He grabbed bread and walked towards the toaster .	But he realized there was already toasted bread ready .
2	When he came home , his shoes were covered in mud .	Carter was playing outside after the rain .	He found a large mud puddle and decided to play in it .	He left them out on the front step and let them dry .	Carter 's mom decided to throw the shoes away rather than clean them .
2	Wendy did n't pay attention when the coach explained the rules .	Wendy hated sports and dreaded going to gym class .	Today , the class went outside to play baseball .	She surprised herself by hitting the ball when her turn at bat came .	Then , Wendy heard laughter as she ran straight to third base .
0	The Roberts took a family vacation every summer .	This summer they had struggled financially .	They were not able to have a vacation .	The Roberts decided to still have fun camping in their yard .	It was as much fun as any previous vacation .
4	Jay looked at it and pick it up with great effort .	Jay went to pick up his mail .	He had a letter from the US Air Force asking for money .	As soon as he saw this , Jay began to feel ill .	He tore the letter in half and threw it on the ground .
3	He competed and won .	Horatio spent most of college becoming a great fencer .	However , he had never competed against another school .	Now he had a chance to fence against the state university team .	The fencing trip was the best day of Horatio 's life .
2	Her mother looked online for auditions for Andrea .	Andrea was a teenager who wanted to be a movie star .	She took drama class and acted in a school play .	She took Andrea to audition for a part in a sitcom .	The casting director called and offered Andrea a part in a big movie .
3	But after a week , his feet smelled awful .	Joey was wearing his lucky socks .	He did not want to take them off .	He was afraid to lose his good luck !	His mom made him change the socks .
3	I did not want to be late for work .	Yesterday there was a massive snowstorm .	As a result I was stuck in traffic for ages .	I got nervous .	Unfortunately I was a half hour late .
2	He allowed it to heat for a half an hour .	Jack poured water into the pot .	After it started to boil , he placed several pieces of pasta into it .	The pasta became hard as a rock after the water was removed from it .	Jack had to throw it away .
4	Neil was so glad he had made the time to see Sweden .	Neil had seen Denmark , so he thought Sweden would be similar .	But when he took a train there , he saw he had been wrong .	Sweden was so different .	The language , people , even the food - all strange !
3	His mother in law had a bite on her hook .	Bob loved to fish in the ocean .	He decided to take his sister and mother in law fishing .	They chummed behind the boat for 2 hours .	She pulled in a 5 foot shark all by herself .
0	Jenna was about to merge lanes .	Another car made a sharp turn into the same lane .	Out of anxiety , Jenna accelerated strongly .	Both of the cars collided into each other .	Although no one got hurt , both cars suffered major damage .
4	Mary went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised .	Janet 's friend Mary had a birthday coming up .	Mary has always been good to Janet so she wanted to do something .	Janet decided to throw her a surprise party .	She called up all of Mary 's friends and invited them over .
0	Jonas noticed that all his friends enjoyed hunting .	He had never tried hunting , but he was worried about it .	Finally he decided to give it a try .	He was able to shoot a deer on his first hunting trip .	Jonas decided never to worry about trying new things again .
3	We drove thousands of miles for days , but eventually made it .	My family planned to vacation in florida .	First , we needed to pack for the trip .	When we were packed up , we began our travel .	When we were there , we enjoyed the beach for days .
0	Jake helped his girlfriend deal with her dying mother .	They frequently took trips to be by her mother 's side .	Through the long periods , Jake grew close to them .	Her mother ended up passing away after several months .	Jake and his girlfriend 's relationship grew much stronger as a result .
2	His wife suggested a personal calendar app on his phone .	Leon always had trouble remembering important dates .	He had tried different methods of remembering them .	Leon found one online .	He can now remember all of the important dates .
0	Samantha wanted to get a brand new TV .	She decided to buy one with her credit card .	She had 6 months free financing on her credit card .	After 6 months , Samantha forgot to pay her credit card debt .	Samantha was left with crippling debt for Years .
1	Her remotes stopped working .	Kim was trying to watch television .	She needed to replace the batteries .	Kim looked everywhere for new ones without any luck .	She had to stand up to change channels instead .
4	Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later .	One night I came home and heard strange noises in my apartment .	When I opened the door my roommate was nailing the window shut !	She told me there was a break in at the apartment above us .	The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window !
1	He showed her how to open a browser .	Lee was trying to teach his mom how to use a computer .	He showed her how to send messages on instant messenger .	Lee answered all of her questions .	He pondered the wisdom in it when she later spammed him with cat gifs .
4	His mother prepared the fish for dinner afterwards .	Jimmy was fishing with his father .	He felt something tugging at his line .	Jimmy reeled in a big catfish !	Jimmy took the catfish home .
4	It melted a hole clean through the CD .	A boy 's CD was skipping .	It was n't scratched , so he figured that it must be too dirty .	He decided to clean it with the same stuff he used on CPUs .	So he grabbed a bottle of pure acetone .
1	She bought several items when she was supposed to buy one .	Mary needed to borrow her boyfriend 's credit card .	Most of the items were unnecessary clothing .	When her boyfriend received the credit card bill , he got furious .	He did n't allow Mary to borrow his card again until she pays him back .
1	But Jim preferred to spend his time playing instead .	Jane told her son Jim he needed to train his puppy .	One day Jane saw a wet spot on the carpet .	Jane explained to Jim he needed to clean it since it was his puppy .	Jim scowled as he scrubbed the carpet clean .
4	Then he asked Nala for a date , and she agreed !	Nala met a cute guy at the mall .	He asked her for coffee .	They went to the food court together .	They sat and chatted over their coffee .
4	She vowed never to drink that much again .	Aria went out with her friends , dancing and drinking .	She had lots and lots of drinks during the night .	The next morning , she awoke feeling awful .	Aria was suffering a severe hangover !
2	Before he left he took basic Spanish classes .	Winston was going on a vacation to Mexico .	He was going to stay for a few weeks .	He learned some great travel Spanish phrases .	He was able to get along really well in Mexico .
4	Jacob is n't being bullied at school anymore .	Jacob is being bullied in school by Derek .	He talks to his parents about the situation .	Jacob and his parents set up a meeting with the school principal .	Derek gets suspended from school , and apologizes to Jacob .
4	Before long his yard looked great .	Lee 's yard was in terrible shape .	His dog had ruined a lot of it .	There was poop and holes all over .	He hired a yard service .
3	She placed a carrot for his nose and put a scarf on his neck .	Leslie woke up to a yard covered in snow .	She put on her boots and went outside .	She played in the snow and built a snowman .	Leslie had a great time building her snowman .
1	After walking for a while , he began to approach the food truck .	Harry was walking down the street to get to his favorite restaurant .	When he showed up , there were policemen and ambulances everywhere .	It turned out the head chef had a heart attack and Harry had to leave .	Harry decided to go to another local restaurant instead .
4	I started making her laugh again and she became happy !	I loved to make my wife laugh .	One day , she developed terminal cancer .	I was sad for a long time .	Then I realized I needed to be strong for her .
3	She took away all their video games .	Chad and his older brother Chris do n't get along .	They are always fighting .	Their mom is really upset with all the fighting .	They stopped fighting to get them back !
2	When she was seen by the doctor , her blood pressure was taken .	The pregnant woman waited for the appointment with her doctor .	She watched a notorious talk-show with combative guests .	Her blood pressure was markedly higher than on previous visits .	She tried to explain the reason , but labor was induced anyway .
1	Halfway through the walk , it began to rain .	Ray went for a walk outside .	Ray turned around and headed home .	But still , he was soaking wet by the time he got there .	Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking .
3	They celebrate the evening as a family .	Julio is excited for family dinner .	He 's making ham and potatoes .	His family returns from the rec center to find his great meal cooked .	Julio is very happy his family is around .
0	The first grade teacher asked the students to name red things .	She gave the example of a sunset .	One of the children mentioned a tomato .	She told him that was a great example .	The teacher gave the student a gold star .
3	His skydiving instructor is very nice .	Jason wants to add excitement to his life .	Jason decides to go skydiving .	He is very anxious about this , but goes to the airport anyway .	Jason skydives from the plane and lands safely .
3	Jane realized vacations were rare , so she ordered a bowl of mint chip .	Jane and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation .	They saw a small ice cream parlor , but Jane hesitated to go in .	She stood still and thought of her thinning gums and stained teeth .	The next morning , Jane 's front gums were swollen and sore .
0	Greg was with his dad at a baseball game .	He looked down for a moment .	When he looked back up he saw a baseball sailing towards him .	He lifted the glove he 'd brought with him .	The ball plopped right into it .
2	She did n't have a warm coat so her Mom let her borrow one .	Molly recently moved from California to Georgia .	She moved during the winter and did n't realize how cold it would be .	She has to wear the big heavy coat all the time now to keep warm .	The cold Winter has made Molly miss California .
3	They ended up holding it at their warehouse for her .	A woman ordered a chair online .	It was marginally cheaper than buying it at the store .	The package delivery service kept missing her , though .	She spent more on gas picking it up then she 'd saved .
4	Derek now puts pepper on the macaroni every time .	Derek made macaroni and wants to spice it up a little .	He tried a little garlic but it was n't the right spice .	He tried Onions but the macaroni did n't mix well .	He eventually added a little pepper and he loved it .
4	Rob fell asleep and missed the cartoon .	Rob 's family went out to dinner when his cartoon was on the air .	He sat patiently at the restaurant waiting to go home .	When the arrived home he ran to the DVR to play his show .	It was late and he yawned as the show began .
2	Suddenly a bear came crashing out of the woods !	Jim was on a camping trip .	He decided to have some marshmallows for a snack .	Jim ran into the tent to hide .	The bear happily snacked on Jim 's marshmallows .
0	India was recalling some of her childhood memories .	One particular memory was of India 's Imaginary Friend .	India would love the time that she spent with her Imaginary Friend .	Eventually , India grew out of the Imaginary friend phase .	However , India did love the memories she had of her Imaginary friend .
2	He was nervous about the test in his history class .	It was midterms for Joe at his college .	Joe needed to study for several days .	When it was time for the test , Joe did his best .	He was happy to find out he got a B , since the test was hard .
4	Years later , she cried clutching the framed drawing at his graduation .	Miss Haring noticed Mikey drawing in class and walked over to him .	She asked somewhat sternly what Mikey was drawing .	Mikey politely showed her the portrait of her he had nearly finished .	Miss Haring cried at the accuracy of the features .
3	Finally , he found found bitter finger nail polish .	Larry had a bad habit of biting his fingernails .	His mother would constantly scold him about it .	He tried many home remedies .	Larry can now enjoy not hearing his mother scolding him .
3	Tom 's cousin was on a football scholarship in college .	Tom was a high school basketball player .	Tom wanted to play in college .	Tom knew he was not great enough to earn a scholarship .	Tom 's cousin introduced Tom to a college basketball coach .
0	Ian needs a warm pair of gloves for his first winter in Vermont .	Unfortunately , Ian does not have a lot of money .	Ian calls his mom to ask for money for gloves .	She sends him money .	Ian goes to the store to buy gloves .
4	Jennifer 's friend Alissa arrived in a jeep to pick her up .	Jennifer was kayaking on the White River .	It began to storm .	She was nervous about the lightening , and pulled out of the river .	She carried her kayak to a nearby road .
1	He took his son to the playground .	Saul was new to the neighborhood .	He discovered a bunch of trash all over the ground .	The next day he cleaned up all the garbage .	Now his son can play in a clean park .
3	One day he finally took advice from his dad .	Tim had bad luck with basketball .	He never could get control of a bouncing ball .	He refused help from anyone .	After that he was a pro at basketball .
1	Suddenly she saw a huge wolf emerge .	Anna was hunting in the woods .	It snarled as though it was going to attack her .	Anna turned and fled quickly !	Thankfully , the wolf did not give chase .
3	I ran to the nurse 's office in panic .	In fifth grade I got stung by a bee .	I had never been stung before .	I was playing soccer when I felt I weird pain right on my groin .	The bee was still in my boxers connected to the stinger .
2	Grandpa asked if she wanted to wait for the next movie .	Lucy and her grandpa wanted to see a movie .	The movie had sold out early .	Lucy thought it might be better to see a different one instead .	Grandpa agreed and they saw her 2nd choice option .
4	Ada had to pick up all the trash from the floor .	Ada was emptying the trash one night .	She pulled the bag from the can .	But as she lugged the bag outside , something bad happened .	The plastic bag broke and garbage went everywhere !
0	Jim wants to see an action movie but Jen wants to see a romantic one .	They flip a coin to see which one to go to and Jim won the coin toss .	Jim could still see that Jen was a little upset .	He offered that they go see the romantic movie that night .	Jen was so happy that she went to see Jim 's movie the next night .
4	Rick felt appreciative that his mother bought him new clothes .	Rick needed to buy new clothes .	His old clothes did n't fit him anymore .	He went to the mall with his mother .	His mother bought him new shirts and jeans .
4	Kyle swore he would never wake up late again .	Kyle woke up late for school one day .	He rushed to get ready for school and not be late to first period .	He barely made it on time for first period .	When he got home that night , he realized he had forgotten his key .
0	Santa Claus tried to come down the chimney .	However , he got stuck .	The chimney was too narrow .	The fire department was called to help .	Santa was unstuck and Christmas was saved .
2	They brought her spaghetti with meatballs .	Nina really wanted Italian food for dinner .	She ordered takeout from the pizzeria .	It smelled delicious !	Nina really enjoyed her delicious dinner .
3	One day Tony was not looking when he got off the bus .	Tony had a faithful dog .	Everyday the dog would wait for Tony to get home from school .	This made Tony very happy .	As a car passed the bus the faithful dog pulled Tony to safety .
0	Sally had work later tonight .	She got into her car to drive to work .	Her car would n't start .	Sarah called her friend Joe for a ride .	Joe came 5 minutes later and was able to give Sarah a ride to work .
4	It was a kitten , but a fox , that was in their backyard .	Cindy sat at her kitchen table clipping coupons .	Her child came inside very excited .	Her child wanted her to come outside and look at a kitten .	Cindy smiled and followed her child outside , and gasped in horror .
1	Rita is a single 49 year old white woman .	I had dinner with three coworkers in October .	Estelle is a 40 year old black woman and Steve is white .	Rita told us she would not date interracially because of her father .	Everyone said Rita was foolish .
3	It was going well until she tripped , spilling red wine everywhere .	Jill had recently started a new job .	Her boss was having a holiday party .	She really wanted to make a good impression .	Fortunately it was on a tile floor so there was no permanent damage .
2	Karl announces his retirement to the press .	Karl has been playing professional basketball for 19 years .	He decides this will be his last year .	He has a bittersweet interview about his retirement .	Karl is relieved that he will retire at the end of the season .
3	Austin is upset because now he has new car payments .	Austin just got a new job and bought a new car .	He discovered he would n't be making that much money .	He thought the job paid more than what it did .	He decided to look for a second job and have two incomes .
0	Louisa wanted to go on a scavenger hunt .	She went on one with her friends .	The girls started finding many objects .	After an hour , they were done .	When they were done they won a prize .
3	Then , out of nowhere my chair broke and I fell down .	During a typical meeting I was sitting in a wooden chair .	I keep hearing weird noises coming from my chair .	I just ignored it and just paid attention to the meeting .	Everyone saw this and laughed .
4	They caught a lot of fish and had a good time .	John and his friends wanted to go fishing but did n't own a boat .	The went to the dock and asked if they could borrow anyone 's boat .	An elderly man offered John his boat in exchange for $ 50 dollars .	John accepted the offer and went fishing with his friends .
4	Jane was forced to tell them they had all been eating tofu .	Jane had been hiding tofu in her family 's food for a week .	So far no one had caught her .	On night while eating the breading fell off her son 's tofu .	He showed his dad who looked upset .
1	They handed each other a card with money in it .	Two friends met to exchange christmas gifts .	Each friend opened his card to find $ 20 .	They laughed that their gifts canceled out .	They decided that next year they would just exchange cards .
4	David will never again wash his car in the freezing cold of winter .	One evening , on his way home from work , David ran over a dead skunk .	In order to wash off the stink , he went through an automatic car wash .	The next morning , David could not open his car door .	Instead , the door handle broke right off .
2	She called the repairman to help her .	Elise was trying to make some tea in the microwave .	To her dismay , Elisa found out the microwave was broken .	The repairman came right away .	Thankfully he fixed it without a problem .
4	Now Bob owns his own internet security firm !	Bob was an unskilled construction laborer .	Bob decided he was getting older and needed to acquire new skills .	Bob enrolled in a computer course .	Bob enjoyed and excelled at his computer technology courses .
2	She went to the store and bought some bookshelves .	Julie looked around her house at the stacks of books .	She realized that she had no idea where the book she wanted was .	When they arrived she organized the books on the shelves .	She was happy to have all her books organized where she can find them .
1	He had a good feeling that he would win a lot of money .	Kevin decided to bet his entire paycheck on a college basketball game .	Kevin was very tense while watching the game that night .	His team lost the game !	Kevin burst into angry tears .
0	Mary 's cat keeps grooming her nails on the couch .	She buys her cat scratching post .	Her cat destroys the scratching post in a few weeks .	She neglects to replace the scratching post .	Her cat rips out a section of the couch while grooming its claws .
3	Her husband was surprised he could learn a few things from his wife .	Lauren 's new husband got a flat tire , so he called AAA .	Lauren arrived home from work two hours later .	AAA was taking forever , so Lauren decided to change the tire herself .	Lauren , feeling accomplished , cancelled the AAA call .
4	With a big grin on her face Janice led them out of the woods .	Janice loved to go hiking .	She 'd always pester her friends to join her .	One time her friends consented to come along .	After two hours everybody except Janice wanted to turn around .
1	She asked who knew the parts of the compound word .	Jenny 's teacher wrote a word on the blackboard .	Wanting to show off , Jenny waved her hand in the air .	She proudly said the parts of the word were Now and Here .	The class laughed because the word on the board was Nowhere .
2	When the delivery man handed the box to him , he got excited .	Neil quickly purchased a cheap deal on a used pair of shoes .	He was interested after taking a quick look at the pictures .	He broke it apart and looked at the shoe .	However , the bottom sole was dangling loose and the top had holes .
2	After leaving the house I headed to the store .	I noticed I was hungry after working all day .	I decided I wanted a sandwich .	I bought all the items to make it .	When I got home , I ate real well !
1	We found the best spot in the whole forest .	My friends and I went camping .	When we got there , we set up our tents and a fire .	We spent the night taking around the fire and roasting marshmallows .	It made a great memory .
0	Lizzy was enjoying her trip to the petting zoo .	The lambs and the piglets were very sweet .	But the goats were being very pushy .	When her back was turned one stole her bucket of food .	She did n't have anything left for the other animals after that .
4	Today I did just that and I feel much more hydrated .	I went to the doctor yesterday for a routine check up .	He told me i need to drink more water .	I usually drink two cups a day but my job keeps me active .	My doctor said with my activity level i should drink eight cups .
2	Therefore , he updated his online portfolio .	Charles found himself a job on craigslist .	It 's the worst job he ever experienced .	Next , he applied for quality jobs .	In the Middle of the week he scheduled an interview with an airline .
4	At the end of the day he caught his flight home .	Johnny was supposed to be going home after vacation .	His flight was delayed due to weather .	Since he 'd checked out of his hotel , he decided to go swimming .	He spent the whole day on the beach .
3	Halloween was his favorite holiday .	Charlie put on his halloween costume .	He was so excited to be Spiderman .	He was anxious to go door to door and get candy .	His favorite because when the night is done he has tons of candy !
3	The tennis pro helped Lyn 's backhand .	Lyn 's backhand is awful .	She decided to get help .	So she hired a tennis pro .	Lyn now has a great backhand .
0	Chef Bill is set up for a job interview at a 5 star restaurant .	He brags to all his friends that he is going to be the head chef .	When he gets to the interview he is told that the position is busboy .	Jim does n't have the heart to tell his friends the truth .	When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated
1	He has n't seen some of them in Years .	Tom has plans to have lunch with his old high school friends .	He goes to the restaurant and does n't see anyone he knows .	He calls his buddy to find out what 's going on .	It turns out Tom went to the wrong restaurant .
3	I met the man I call my husband at that beach .	The trip I took for my graduation was exciting , fun , and a life lesson .	I went to so many exciting cities and ate lots of different food .	I got lost in downtown San Diego , but ended up at the beach .	I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day .
0	Walking on the beach is one of my favorite activities .	The other day I found a sand dollar .	I have n't seen one of those in years .	Usually they are out farther on the sand bars .	I left it there for someone else to find .
2	At my friend 's place , there is no heat .	My husband told me I had to leave the house for a week .	I stayed with a friend .	I became ill .	Next time my husband tells me to leave , I will refuse .
0	Jason feels that his work chair is very uncomfortable .	Jason asks his boss for a new chair .	His boss agrees , but says Jason must go get it from the store .	Jason drives to the store .	He picks up the new chair for his office .
4	He likes the honey , but thinks brown sugar tastes better .	Simon eats oatmeal every morning .	He likes it topped with lots of brown sugar .	One day he runs out of brown sugar .	He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead .
2	It made my work almost impossible .	My job set up all sorts of new rules .	Everyone was really upset by them .	Eventually I had to quit .	The work environment had turned too toxic .
1	She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board .	One summer at our pool party , my mom was caught off guard .	He was almost forty years old , and she forgot he could dive .	Everyone in the family harassed him after that too .	Everyone always called him the boy who could still dive .
2	On her seconds attempt , she landed on her stomach .	It was Jane 's turn to perform on the talent show .	She tried to do a cartwheel and ended up slipping .	The audience started to complain about the performance .	They ended up throwing their belongings on the stage .
0	Steven found a 35 mm camera at a garage sale and decided to buy it .	He had to go to the supermarket for film because he did n't have any .	Steve had forgot how fun it was to take pictures with film .	He took photos of everyone around him .	He developed the prints and gave them to his friends .
1	She tells her teacher that she has been practicing the flute .	Every week at her music lesson Benisha lies .	Benisha likes the flute , but hates to practice .	Last week her teacher cancelled lessons forever .	This week Benisha practiced the flute every day .
3	She did n't even move her bed .	Gina was able to move into her brother 's old room .	Gina had been sharing a room with 2 other girls her whole life .	Getting her own room was a dream come true .	She was so happy she did n't care if she slept on the floor .
4	Bonnie 's team ended up losing the game .	Bonnie loved playing volleyball .	The night before a big game Bonnie was so nervous she could n't sleep .	When the big game started Bonnie was very tired .	She was so exhausted that she did not play very well .
3	The doctor told him he had strep throat , and could take medicine .	Little Billy hated going to the doctor , but he had a sore throat .	His mother told him that they must go to the doctor .	At the doctor , Billy was worried he 'd have to get a shot .	Billy left the doctor with his medicine and knew he would feel better .
3	So she puts three teaspoons of sugar in it .	Kim let her daughter , Lisa , make breakfast for her .	Lisa made chocolate oatmeal .	But she was afraid her mom might not like it .	But the oatmeal was so sweet that Kim could n't finish it .
2	Seeing the one mile marker ahead , I increased my speed .	When I started the race , I was incredibly nervous .	Other runners were passing me and I felt I was running too slow .	Passing the two mile mark , I started to get a leg cramp .	By mile five , I had to stop , and could n't finish the race .
3	Amy , a good person , felt forced to resort to a devious technique .	Amy had a neighbor , Hazel , who was extremely garrulous .	If Hazel saw Amy checking her mailbox , she would go out to greet her .	Then she would hold Amy hostage to her endless barrage of words .	The only thing that worked was to pretend to be deaf !
3	A year later he pulled me into his office and promoted me .	I got passed on a promotion at work ,	When I asked my boss how come he said that he thought I was n't ready .	I spent the next year proving him wrong and trying my best everyday .	He said that he did n't do it sooner because he wanted to motivate me .
4	She simply hoped eating lunch would make her feel better .	Amy 's morning coffee was wearing off .	She still had 3 hours in class , and she had volleyball later .	It was her first time drinking coffee so she was unprepared .	She dragged herself to the lunch room to eat .
0	Hank was at the rodeo Saturday .	He saw the most amazing bull rider .	This guys stayed on the wildest bull for over eight seconds .	Even though this bull had thrown off everyone , Bill was the best .	Hank had a hero , and wanted to grow up and be like Bill .
2	One day , she was very mad at her boss and wrote about it .	Kim had an online diary that she wrote in daily .	She was very candid and put everything in the diary .	She soon realized that she was not in her diary , but on Facebook !	Everyone saw her post and she was fired the next day !
4	I could n't wait to go .	Yesterday was the best day ever .	I got fashion show tickets in the mail .	The show was to Balmain .	I was ecstatic .
1	Music thumped loudly from below and shook his floor .	Arthur was annoyed by the noise coming from the apartment downstairs .	He could barely hear his television .	Angrily , he pounded on the floor with a broom handle .	The neighbors must have heard because the volume went down right away .
3	He then went out to buy a fake tree instead .	Mario grew Christmas trees in his yard instead of buying them .	This year he found a bird in one of his trees as he was cutting it .	Mario felt bad for the bird and spared the tree .	He is much happier with his choice now .
1	It was a nice watch , but it was n't he one she wanted .	Amy wore her new watch to school on Monday .	Her friend Beth ran up to see if she had gotten the watch .	She showed Beth the one she had instead .	Beth told Amy the one she had was better than the one she wanted .
0	Ana was worried about the bird she gave to a sanctuary .	She called many times but the owner never returned her call .	Finally Ana called the Sanctuary 's vet .	The vet promised to call the sanctuary to straighten it out .	Ana was able to bring her bird home at last .
3	The house later burned to the ground .	There once was a house on Coconut Grove .	This house was of ill fame .	The people who stayed there did very bad things .	Now that old house will never be the same .
4	He lived a happy life after he got out .	There once was a man named Tim .	Tim was caught doing crimes and got locked up .	He spent every minute of every day planning escape .	Eventually he discovered a way out and took it .
2	Kim was worried it would hit harder .	There was a hurricane blowing into south Florida .	The news report stated the hurricane would be mild and quick .	The next morning there was a call saying work was cancelled .	The hurricane had been upgraded to category 4 .
0	Bill lived on Juniper way his entire life .	He grew up on that street and then bought a house there as well .	He figured he would live there forever .	Then he met a girl named Juniper .	They were married and Juniper wanted to move so they did .
0	Jared 's best friend was getting married .	Of course he was going to be the best man .	At 23 Jared had never tied a tie .	He was too embarrassed to tell anyone , so he did it himself .	Everyone was so busy they did n't see he tied the tie like a shoelace .
3	He practiced very hard every day until try-outs .	Joey 's favorite sport is baseball .	Every summer he tries out for the baseball team .	Joey was worried he would n't make the team .	His practice paid off and he made the team .
0	Mildred broke the heel of her shoe right before heading to work .	She looked around for another pair of shoes .	All she found were slippers .	She decided to wear a long dress to cover them up .	After work , she went to buy a new pair of shoes .
1	She wanted the puppy so bad .	Cindy found a cute puppy advertised on facebook .	Her husband decided to surprise her .	He brought the puppy home to her .	Cindy was so happy .
0	Lumosity is a fun game but it 's not easy to teach to your Grandma .	My Grandma has been trying to match shapes for the last hour .	She is about to pull her hair out !	My Mom and I are laughing at her .	We are n't very nice people .
3	But her mom convinced her to appear anyways .	Sara loved to write poems .	She wanted to appear in the school talent show , but she was nervous .	What if people laughed at her ?	And people did n't laugh - they cheered and applauded !
1	I found it was hard to button my pants .	As a result of my stroke I have use of one hand only .	I researched and found a company that had pants with velcro snaps .	I ordered a pair of pants to try them out .	They work very well , and I will buy more .
3	Jane did n't want to waste the eggs .	Jane wanted to make some eggs for breakfast .	She originally wanted them sunny side up .	Unfortunately the yolk broke .	She made them scrambled instead .
4	Annie decided that she would do snowboarding and whale watching .	Annie was excited for the cruise to Alaska .	The cruise was three weeks away and she could not wait .	Annie asked her coworkers for advice on what to do on the cruise .	Annie looked up the activities mentioned to her by the co workers .
2	He kept walking and could n't see stores .	Greg was lost in an area .	His phone was dead and he did not know what to do .	He started running in a certain direction .	Somehow he made it back home .
4	After smelling the rotten cheese , Tom did n't like cheese anymore .	Tom loved cheese very much .	One day , his cheese fell behind the counter .	No one noticed the cheese for three months .	Finally , they found the rotting cheese .
2	Beth felt nervous and grabbed her pepper spray .	Beth was walking down a forest trail .	She heard something rustling in the leaves nearby .	A small rabbit hopped on to the trail right in front of her .	Beth laughed out loud , and breathed a sigh of relief .
4	I immediately started being afraid of bees since .	I was sitting with my friends eating lunch when I got stung by a bee .	The bee came and stung me and I screamed .	I ran to the nurse to get some ice .	I could see the black stinger inside me .
3	She did n't want to be rude , but she did n't want to eat it either .	Nancy like almost every vegetable except asparagus .	Her parents knew this so they did n't make her eat it .	When she was visiting her grandparents they served asparagus .	When her grandma was n't looking , her dad moved it to his plate .
2	He sees it 's only 2700 and it 's a good brand as well .	Jimmy is looking for a new car .	He finds a used car for sale on the street .	He decides to call the seller up .	He buys the car
4	Now she is not stressed out anymore .	Felicity was having a hard time with money .	She was always spending it .	She made a lot of excuses about why she was broke .	Finally she got help with her money .
1	Shalil saved on costs by incorporating advertising into the product .	Shalil works as a product manager .	A researcher discovered that his code was insecure .	Many digital news outlets covered the researcher 's work .	Shalil still got his yearly bonus .
0	James had always wanted to be elected to student council .	He was afraid that he might not be popular enough to be elected .	So he worked very hard to speak with different students .	Finally he was elected to student council .	James felt very proud of all of his hard work .
1	All of her other pants were worn and out of style .	Millie had to buy a new pair of pants .	She looked in several stores .	She finally found a pair she liked .	Millie promptly began to wear them .
0	A sculptor set out to carve a statue .	He found a fine block of marble and set to work .	He spent years toiling over it .	When he was finished , he discovered that he had carved two left feet .	After that , he took up painting .
3	The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down .	We hung Christmas stockings for everyone in the family .	My mom insisted we hang some for the dogs , as well .	We put treats in each stocking .	The dogs ' stockings were opened on December 12th instead of Christmas .
1	Val and her friend Kris followed her .	Val saw Ali go to the bathroom .	Ali froze when she saw Val .	Val was going to pummel this brat .	Just when Ali 's friend June came in and saved Ali from a fight .
2	At first it was very difficult .	Charly was a seven year old boy who loved to paint .	One day Charlie decided to paint a horse .	Charly kept trying over and over .	Eventually he got a hang of it and painted a pretty horse .
2	He ca n't see what it is but he senses it is something evil .	Tom is going through sleep paralysis .	He feels a weight on his stomach .	All he can do is wait for his body to wake up .	In time , it does and he can move yet again .
0	James was out visiting his friends .	They decided to visit the local bar scene .	They ordered lots of drinks .	They drank all night long .	They had a great time enjoying each other 's company .
4	Bill would have a great lunch after all - for free !	Bill was starving at work .	He could not wait for lunch time .	But then he remembered he had forgotten his lunch !	He was sad , until his boss announced free taco tuesday .
3	She instantly took a drink without noticing .	I met a girl last night who worked at a petting zoo .	She asked me to meet her on her lunch break .	When we were walking by the Llama pen it spit in her drink cup .	I did n't say anything , so I just smiled and continued the date .
4	They told him they would kill him next time they saw him .	My friend Kenny lived in Dorchester , MA .	He had two big brothers .	One day his mom screamed as she was being mugged .	Kenny and his brothers beat up the mugger badly .
4	I promised myself I would never shave my legs again .	I felt that my legs were too hairy .	I decided to shave them even though I 'm a man .	Everyone at school laughed .	I felt very sad that people made fun of me .
0	Annie was putting blond highlights in her hair for prom .	She had never done it before but it seemed pretty easy .	She fell asleep while she was waiting for it to work .	When she finally rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster .	She had white streaks all through her hair , not blonde .
0	Sean was going out to pick up the mail .	His wife asked if he could pick up some formula .	At first , he said no , because it was out of his way .	Later , he arrived home .	In his hands , he had the formula for his wife , surprising her .
3	But one year , my brother had grown taller than me .	I have a younger brother .	When we were kids I used to like to beat him up .	Sometimes we would get in real fights and I always won .	I was quite surprised when he won the fight I started with him .
1	I had a lot of fun .	Yesterday I went to the mall to shop .	However to my dismay , my cell phone broke .	I dropped it and the screen cracked .	Luckily I got it fixed that day .
3	Shelly had a good idea .	Tom wanted to take Shelly on a date .	However he was broke .	He thought that there was nothing he could do .	They both just sat and watched the sunset together .
0	Waiting all day had finally paid off .	I was one of the first of dozens into the store this morning .	When the doors opened , I went straight to the electronics section .	I got the tv , put it in a cart , and went straight to check out .	Once it was paid for , I got in my vehicle and headed straight home .
1	She looked inside and outside the house .	Emily could n't find her shoes .	She noticed her toddler had been unusually quiet .	Emily peeked in her Ella 's room .	Ella was pretending to be Mommy by wearing Mommy 's shoes .
4	There would be trouble when her parents got home .	Gina 's sister spilled soda on the sidewalk .	She had n't cleaned it up .	Ants were all over the sticky mess .	Gina was in the house , unaware .
2	I went to a friend 's home and borrowed his spare bike .	I did dangerous things on my bike .	My parents grounded me from my bike .	I rode that bike and crashed it at high speed .	I limped home , bleeding , to the `` i told you so '' of my parents .
3	She used it religiously for all six weeks .	Iva was starting to get wrinkles around her eyes .	She went to the store and bought an expensive cream .	The cream said it would reduce Iva 's wrinkles in six weeks .	She was glad to see that her wrinkles did indeed get smaller .
3	Bobby could not help his friend , because they ran away into the night .	Little Bobby liked to hang out late at night .	His mother always warned him to be in earlier , but Bobby never cared .	One night , Bobby saw his friend get robbed and beaten badly .	Bobby now tries not to stay out late anymore .
3	She cooked the fish and made the slaw .	Lacey was a great cook .	She wanted to try something new .	She found a recipe for fish tacos .	They were delicious !
2	So he decided to play basketball inside .	Jack wanted to play basketball .	But it was raining outside .	His basketball hit the television .	And Jack was forced to stop .
1	Amy surveyed the box .	Amy 's mom brought home boxes of Cracker Jack .	She was excited to see there was a prize inside .	Until she saw the prize was a wash off tattoo .	Amy felt bad her mom had such lame toys as a kid .
0	Alice woke up that morning to her dog , Tito , licking her face .	She got out of bed , ready to start her day with a brisk walk outside .	Tito wagged his tail as Alice attached the leash and tied her shoes .	They walked for about half an hour , enjoying the sights and smells .	Afterwards , Alice took a shower and Tito was ready for a nap .
1	She thought of summer break and school finally being over .	Kate was excited to graduate .	But during the graduation ceremony , Kate began to feel sad .	She thought of her friends and teachers .	Kate was no longer excited to graduate .
2	He searched up and down the aisles , hoping the book was in the store .	Ken went to the bookstore , hoping to find a rare book .	He knew the book was not easy to find , but he had tried everywhere .	Failing to find it alone , Ken asked the clerk if it was in stock .	It turned out , Ken had the wrong author the whole time !
3	He has been practicing his DJ skills for months .	Mike wanted to DJ electronic music .	Mike knew nothing about music .	He started reading about it online .	He recently got hired by the radio station to DJ .
1	My favorite sweets are sour candies .	I love to have sweets after lunch .	I 've been on a quest to find the most sour .	It 's a tough quest during my lunch hour .	I think I am going to take a sick day tomorrow to visit further shops .
3	When the time came to give the speech , I forgot it .	I was chosen to give an important speech to my class .	I worked very hard on writing the speech .	I practiced in front of family and friends .	I made up a speech on the spot that the class enjoyed .
2	People had even brought tents to stay in .	David went to see SNL live last week .	He waited in line overnight , in the cold .	He eventually ended up getting a ticket .	David thought that it was worth it .
4	Lisa is happy she found a way to stay busy after school .	Lisa has been looking for something to do after school .	She wants to combine her interests in fashion and writing .	Lisa starts writing a weekly column in the newspaper about fashion .	Her parents and teachers are very proud of her .
4	This made for good conversation with my Physicist dad .	On a very cold day I grabbed a water bottle from my garage .	I shook the bottle and the water immediately crystallized to ice .	I researched the phenomenon and learned it 's called Supercooling .	I ended up trying it again on the rest of the water bottles .
3	The puddle gave her a very wet shoe .	Carly ran to class to be on time .	She saw a puddle was in her path ahead .	Instead of running around it , she ran through it .	Carly regretted the wet shoe all day .
1	He had just entered the building .	Nick was late for work .	He saw his colleagues walking slowly up the stairwell .	Nick pushed through his colleagues aggressively .	His colleagues were shocked and appalled .
4	He strangled it with his bare hands and tossed it in a ravine .	Dan heard a thumping as he walked by his car .	He popped the hood to see what it was .	A rabbit had started nesting on top of his battery !	Dan quickly grabbed the rabbit before it could hop away .
0	I wrote out how I wanted my funeral to be .	I wanted choirs , praise dancers and preachers .	I also wanted a gold coffin .	I found one on Ebay and it cost too much money .	I changed my will to include cremation services .
1	He woke up early because of the roosters .	Same went to visit his uncle at the farm .	There was slow internet and no reception .	He was bored and hated it .	He was excited to finally leave .
4	With gratitude for her assistance , I bought it .	I was n't sure what kind of medicine I should take for my cold .	I was confused by the variety of remedies available .	I asked the pharmacist what she would recommend .	She suggested a multi-symptom formula .
2	Meisha 's husband encouraged her and practiced with her everyday .	Meisha 's husband signed her up for an open mic .	Meisha was furious and did not think she could do it .	Meisha went to the comedy club and felt very prepared .	Meisha did not do well and never performed stand up again .
4	Kate is excited to be attending her first kick boxing class tomorrow .	Kate was interested in taking kick boxing .	Kate looked through the phone book for a qualified instructor .	Kate located an instructor that specializes in kickboxing .	After visiting the facility , Cate signed up for the class .
4	Tomorrow is move-in day .	It was time for the Smiths to buy their first home .	They researched and found just the right neighborhood .	They looked at many houses but could n't agree on one .	Finally they found the perfect house for their new family .
1	One night , he heard a weird popping sound .	Damon had just moved into a new apartment .	He investigated and discovered that a light switch was sparking .	He immediately called his landlord , unsure of what to do .	Luckily , they were able to fix it quickly .
3	They drove to IKEA to see the couch in person .	Caitlin Recently married her boyfriend of three years , Cal .	They needed furniture for their new home .	They both searched online and found a couch from IKEA that they liked .	They liked the couch and ordered it in the store to have it delivered .
2	He specified that he did not want a tomato .	Fred really wanted a hamburger .	He went to a fast food place to order one .	Fred paid and went home to enjoy his burger .	When he put into the burger , he spat out a piece of tomato .
4	Tim looked on sadly as his kite flew away .	Tim was flying his kite at the park .	He did n't realized his shoe was untied .	Tim tripped over his lace and dropped the kite string .	His kite flew higher and higher .
4	So , he got a game that he had been wanting for awhile .	Oliver was celebrating his birthday .	One of his friends gave him a videogame that he already owned .	He took the game to a video game store .	The owner said that he could trade his game for a new one .
4	Instead , Caleb kept driving until he reached Saint Louis .	Caleb lived on a wheat farm in Oklahoma .	He dreamed of one day moving to a big city .	One day , he bought an old motorcycle .	He intended to just drive to the local grocery .
4	Chris had a great time at the zoo with his friend .	Chris wanted to visit the zoo .	Chris told his friend how he had never been to the zoo before .	They both went together .	Chris loved looking at the animals .
1	Jane got on her horse and began riding down the trail .	Jane put on her riding helmet and chaps after she saddled her horse .	Suddenly , Jane 's horse spooked at the sound of a tree branch breaking .	Jan 's horse bucked and Jane was thrown hard to the ground .	Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps .
4	Matt was able to quit by keeping himself preoccupied with school .	Matt was addicted to the video game World of Warcraft .	He played the game for 16 hours a day .	He decided to quit one day .	He uninstalled the game .
1	The course was to start in a few minutes .	Fred was excited to start his online cooking course .	He logged into the course and joined the intro live class .	There were introductions for his classmates and the instructor .	Fred ended up completing the online course with a passing grade .
1	He noticed that one fish seemed almost pregnant .	Oliver had a pet fish .	One day , little baby fish appeared in the tank .	His fish had had babies !	Oliver named all of the fish and loved them all .
1	It started raining .	I took my dog for a walk .	My dog got his paws muddy .	He ran in our house and made the carpet dirty .	I realized I should not take my dog for a walk when it is raining .
3	Then , she spotted an old egg behind the fridge .	Kelly was in her kitchen .	She was trying to cook but some smell was disgusting .	She searched everywhere for the source .	It had fallen back there and was now rotten and stinky .
4	Francis left the concert disappointed .	Francis drove to Chicago for a concert .	While there , he thought the band looked strange .	He read the pamphlet again .	He realized it was a cover band , not the actual band .
0	Fred was a professional chef who worked in a fancy restaurant .	When he had a daughter , Ella , he tried making her fancy foods .	Ella would fuss and cry and would n't eat his food .	Eventually he tried making her plain macaroni and cheese .	Ella loved the dish and Fred learned to keep meals simple for her .
2	She went in about an hour later to check on them .	Inga was babysitting her nieces at her house .	It was time for their nap so she left them in the guest room .	She found them putting doll clothes on her cat .	She was shocked that her cat had n't run away .
1	I decided to lend the money to him .	Henry asked me if he can borrow $ 300 dollars for a phone bill .	After a few months , I needed some extra money .	When I tried to get into contact with Henry , I could n't find him .	His brother told me that he moved out of state .
4	I now think this year will be a more authentic celebration of Jesus birth .	About a week ago I lost my job .	I 've never faced the Christmas season without money before .	At first I began to panic , thinking I would n't be able to give gifts .	I am now realizing that I put way too much emphasis on material things .
2	The water poured down the counter towards her cook books .	Madison was washing the dishes .	She was cleaning a big bowl when water sloshed out .	The books became soaking wet along the bottoms .	From then on the paper looked slightly warped .
1	He twisted the corkscrew into the cork as fast as he could .	Chris was in a rush to open a bottle of wine .	He gave it a strong yank to get the cork out .	The cork tore in two pieces .	Chris had to remove the cork from the corkscrew and start again .
4	At least we were n't bored now .	It was snowing outside .	Roger and I were bored .	We decided to watch a movie .	The movie scared us .
1	He picked it up and looked at the screen .	The phone vibrated violently next to Matt .	He would ignore the call .	The phone finally stopped vibrating and then started again .	Matt sighed and answered it , knowing he would finally meet his fate .
3	Throughout the day , I tried to remain calm .	The boss told all of his employees to get together .	He discussed several changes to the workforce .	In addition , he announced that several people are going to be fired .	However , I saw a notice on my desk that says I 'm fired .
4	Kim is a good person .	Kim has many dolls .	She lets her friends play with them .	One day one of the dolls got ruined by her friend .	Kim was not upset at her friend though .
4	She always felt sort of lame after that .	Sam took his girlfriend to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show .	New-comers were supposed to play a silly game , but she did n't want to .	Everyone encouraged her to just do it and not be so serious .	She just declined , and they eventually gave up .
3	Jazz 's parents decided to stop .	Jazz 's family was driving on the highway .	Suddenly they came upon a car crash on the road .	There were car parts and random belongings everywhere .	They all helped to pick up the things and help any people .
4	He loved the way that it turned out .	An artist was painting an image of a boat in the water .	He ran out of blue paint after he finished painting the sky .	He tried to mix other colors to make blue but to no avail .	To be artsy , the artist used yellow paint for the water .
4	Overall Janine had a good time at the water park .	Janine went to the water park .	She met some friends there .	She had a good time with her friends .	She scraped her foot on the bottom of a pool .
1	She and her boyfriend would yell far too much .	Cindy was being noisy in her apartment .	It got to the point where her neighbor 's complained .	Finally Cindy moved .	She got a place with soundproof walls .
3	His arm got tired so he held it lower after a while .	Stan went to a folk music concert .	He brought a recorder with him to record the music .	Stan held up his recording device during the show .	When he listened to the recording it was all pretty good .
4	Pastor Tom collected many pounds of food that Sunday .	Pastor Tom was preaching on Sunday .	He preached about ways to care for other people .	He told everyone that they should help with a food drive after church .	People listened to his message and decided to help .
4	I finally bought a beach cruiser to bike through the snow .	When I was a child beach cruiser bikes were not in style .	I rode three speed Raleigh bikes .	Later , ten speed bikes were in vogue .	I stuck to three speed bikes but they were very light .
3	She put her newfound cooking knowledge to work for the parties .	Yolanda felt like she was getting stuck in a boring routine .	To mix things up , she started attending cooking lessons on Tuesdays .	On the weekends , she threw dinner parties .	The food was a hit and her parties livened up her schedule .
4	When they asked me what happened I did n't tell them the truth .	I was studying some pretty serious anatomy in the college library .	I read a graphic passage on vascular contractions during orgasm .	The next thing I remember was people in a circle looking down at me .	I was spreadeagled on the floor , having fainted .
1	He sometimes finds things to get into .	Zaiden is a mischievous 4 year old .	His mother checked on him when he got quite .	She found unrolled toilet paper everywhere .	Zaiden had to clean up all the toilet paper .
1	She painstakingly wrote a letter in Spanish to her new pal Juan .	Amy signed up for a pen pal in her Spanish class .	Amy waited anxiously every day for a reply .	Finally , the mailman brought a letter from Juan .	Amy decided to bring the letter to share with her class .
4	We go to the ball game once a month now .	My father was saying that he has n't seen a baseball game in years .	My sister and I surprised him with some tickets to a ball game .	The whole family went and watched the game .	Everyone had a great time especially dad .
4	Tabitha decided to choose that book .	Tabitha was at her public library trying to find a book .	She was n't sure what book she should check out .	A woman walked up to her .	She suggested a wonderful picture book about a girl on an adventure .
0	I dropped my car off by my friend 's house who volunteered to paint it .	After coming back for it , I was originally impressed at the work .	However , I realized that there were several shade differences .	My friend offered to redo the work .	I kindly refused and searched for another person to do the job .
1	In the game , his character was born in a third world country .	Ivan was playing an educational computer game .	And he struggled with health problems and crime .	Ivan thought the game was depressing and stopped playing .	But he learned about problems in other parts of the world .
2	A young woman saw me struggling , as I can use only one hand .	I was doing my laundry yesterday .	I was putting the wash into the dryer .	She put all of my clothes into the dryers .	I thanked her profusely .
0	Melody went to browse a hat store .	She was surprised at the large variety of hats there .	She saw traditional hats , colorful hats , and lots of silly hats .	She picked up a silly hat and had an idea for a joke .	She bought the hat to do the joke and went home .
4	She was disappointed by but got a new one .	Kelly loved the new sweater she got yesterday .	She wore it everywhere now .	Unfortunately however it got stuck in the door .	The sweater was ruined .
4	I had to sneak out the window .	I tried to use the bathroom at a friend 's house .	I picked the wrong one .	It was clogged and I did n't know .	I flushed and it overflowed .
4	No one ever said a thing to Tony again .	Tony did gymnastics .	As a boy he got made fun of a lot .	He knew he trained harder than all of the jocks and he would prove it .	Tony took them to his gym and watched them each quit within minutes .
0	Don was letting his granddaughter live with him .	She was okay , but she was very messy .	One day , Don saw her fingerprints all over his microwave .	He was fed up , and started to yell at her .	She apologized and promised to keep things cleaner .
0	The gray clouds rolled through the sky .	Rain was coming .	The kids got out their umbrellas .	I put on my galoshes .	We all went stomping in puddles .
3	After a while , he figured it was pointless .	Shannon used to be interested in Jay	Suddenly she stopped replying to Jay .	Jay was upset but kept trying .	He has to try to get over it .
1	He was nervous !	Brad had a meeting at work .	He wondered if he were getting fired .	But then his manager told him some good news .	Brad was being promoted to vice president !
0	Ashley asked the flight attendant for a cup of orange juice .	The attendant happily poured Ashley a small cup and handed it to her .	In doing so , she accidentally spilled some juice on Ashley .	The attendant apologized , handing Ashley a paper towel .	Ashley laughed off the whole ordeal and enjoyed her orange juice .
0	Megan was playing a videogame her friend had given her .	It involved shooting and stealing .	Suddenly , her mom saw her playing .	She yelled that the game was to inappropriate .	Then , she took the game away .
3	I woke up in the morning and went to work .	There is an island in the south called Ocracoke .	It 's got a small town on it that caters to tourists .	I worked there one very pleasant summer .	Came home at night and went to sleep .
4	Anxious about dining alone , he decided to eat Burger King instead .	Chuck wanted to try a new , fancy French restaurant .	His wife Dana hated trying new things and refused to go .	Chuck realized that the marriage was failing and filed for divorce .	The divorce finalized , he went to the French restaurant by himself .
2	When eating dinner Spot chewed on the track .	Dan and his brother Rob were playing with a Hot Wheels track .	The boys were neglecting their puppy spot .	The boys were horrified to see the track chewed up .	They were sad the cards no longer worked on the chewed up track .
0	Karen borrowed a book from her friend .	She spilled juice on it .	She was nervous her friend would be mad .	Her friend forgave her .	She felt lucky to have a good friend .
3	Maybelline replied back maybe .	Martin had a crush on Maybelline .	Martin passed her a note in class .	It asked her if she would like to go to prom with him .	Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date .
2	He found a deadly snake !	A boy was walking through the woods .	He looked around the corner of a tree .	He threw a rock at it .	The snake bit the boy and he collapsed .
0	Jane loves shoes .	She ca n't stop buying them	She has a pair of high heels in almost every style .	She also has plenty of boots .	She still wants to buy more sandals .
0	Bob 's granddaughter had gotten lost .	He had her now , but she was still afraid .	He wanted to calm the child 's mind .	He told her a story of being lost for half a day as a child .	The story made the girl smile even if it were a lie .
3	I was late picking up my son .	Today I went to pick up my son from daycare during a blizzard .	My drive there was very interesting and a little scary .	The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on .	I had to pay a thirty dollar fee for being late .
3	What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving .	Rebecca got a call from family to go home to visit her dad .	Her dad 's health had been declining and he did n't have much time left .	She flew home immediately and began taking care of him .	She ended up staying two Year 's giving him care before he died .
1	She told me that she recently found out that she 's pregnant .	My cousin called me while I was at work .	I left work early to go comfort her .	However , my sister talked to me about her during the next day .	She said that my cousin was faking the results .
4	Jason went outside and used his telescope to look at the stars .	Jason wanted a new hobby .	He decided to learn astronomy .	He went to the store and bought a telescope .	Jason wanted until it was night .
4	She had to clean it up with a napkin .	Sue was eating ice cream at the park .	It was a hot day outside .	Her ice cream began to melt .	It spilled all over her shirt .
4	I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree .	I was still full from Thanksgiving but could not wait .	I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations .	I set up the tree in front of my front room windows .	I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree .
2	Brandon rode his bike up to Joel .	Joel liked being a bully .	He was riding his bike when he saw Brandon from class .	Joel pushed Brandon off his bike and threw one leg over .	As Joel tried riding away on both bikes he immediately fell over .
1	It was night and her siblings were asleep .	Gina was in the backseat of the car on a road trip .	Gina spent the afternoon sleeping , and was now awake .	She decided to try and read .	The car was too dark , so she gave up and put her book away .
3	Next he patted in the dirt around .	Trenton loved apples .	He decided to plant a tree .	He dug a big hole and put the tree in .	Last he watered it and waited for it to grow .
1	The troupe was returning !	The sound of thundering footsteps echoed off the hillsides .	Their boots kicked up massive clouds of dust .	The sunlight sparkled off their buckles and buttons .	The workers let out a joyful yell as they marched closer .
0	Tristan visited his grandmother 's house one day .	His grandmother told him a story about a lucky charm .	The grandmother handed him the lucky charm from the story .	The boy took it home and decided to walk with it on him .	Very shortly after he found twenty dollars on the ground !
0	Hallie was in Hawaii .	Her parents took her to the beach .	She decided to try snorkeling .	She put on a mask and flippers .	Then , she swam through the bay .
0	My sister in law was a trolley driver .	My fiancee introduced her to me in 1981 .	We happened to board her trolley .	She was so excited she broke the speed limit and the trolley stopped .	An inspector restarted the trolley .
0	Jane was out hunting with her dad .	They spent a lot of bonding time together .	Jane misfired accidentally .	She shot her dad in the chest .	He bled out and died within minutes .
3	Tom drank the whole bottle .	Tom was a very healthy guy .	Tom purchased a large bottle of water .	Tom wanted to cleanse his system .	Soon thereafter Tom had to go to the restroom .
0	Mike was a procrastinator .	One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car .	Mike decided that the gas could wait .	He went out driving and ended up stranded because he ran out of gas .	Mike painfully had to admit that he should have listened to his wife .
0	Sara spent all night working on her school report .	She had to get an A on the report to pass her History class .	She printed the report out and put it in her backpack .	When she got to school she could n't find her report .	She ended up failing her History class .
1	He turned the oven on and waited for it to preheat .	Sam decided to cook lunch for his family .	When the oven was warm he put in a frozen pizza .	He forgot to set a timer and the pizza burned !	Now the entire family must go out for lunch .
4	It was not good but he ate it anyway .	Sandy wanted to impress her boyfriend with an authentic Italian dinner	She made spaghetti sauce from scratch .	She sauteed vegetables and pureed her own tomatoes .	They sat down to eat and Sandy tasted the sauce .
4	By the time she got to the place , a lot of her stuff was unpacked .	Kelly was moving across town .	She was stressed and anticipating a long moving process .	The moving truck arrived early in the morning .	To her surprise , everything fit into one load .
0	I woke up in the middle of the night to rain pounding the roof .	Even though the rain beat on the roof , I was able to fall back asleep .	When I awoke in the morning , the rain had gone and it was very quiet .	I rose from my bed and looked out the window .	The rain had gone and left a beautiful blue sky .
0	Mable knew she could n't mow her lawn at her advanced age .	She went next door and asked the neighbor boy if he would do it .	The boy agreed and mowed her lawn for her .	When Mabel went to give the boy money he would n't take it .	Mable shed a tear from the boy 's kindness .
1	There were scuba divers that were exploring the area .	At the Epcot park we went through to the Aquarium .	They were swimming with turtles and fish .	It was pretty amazing to see them with all the fish .	But I think it must have been even better to be a diver .
0	Rita was far away from home .	She was supposed to get a ride back .	The ride stated that they could n't make it .	She did not know what to do .	She ended up taking a cab .
4	They came and safely removed the lizard to its natural habitat .	An old man was working in his garden one day .	He heard a loud bang , but was n't sure what it was .	He looked up and saw a five foot monitor lizard climbing on his house !	The old man called a local wildlife reserve institute .
4	He still drives it to this day .	Tim always wanted a new car .	He grew up poor .	Since he got his first job he started saving money away .	It took him ten Years to finally have enough for a car .
4	Emma ate the pizza but shared a bite with Shane .	Shane and Emma had ordered some pizza .	They were both arguing about who got the last slice .	Emma insisted that she had gotten less then him .	Shane did n't want to fight , so he just conceded .
0	It started to rain on the way to work .	It got so bad I decided to turn around .	At home I called in sick to work .	My boss asked me why I could n't come in .	I told him I 'd gotten sick from all the humidity .
1	She did n't feel comfortable in class with the teacher .	When Amy was in college she dropped out of a Piano course .	When she saw the teacher at school she would avert her eyes .	She did n't want to be asked when she was coming to class again .	Amy felt bad afterwards for being rude .
3	His mom said no because they could n't afford it .	Manny was at the store with his mom .	He noticed a book that he really liked and began reading it .	When it came time to check out he asked if they could buy it .	Luckily , someone behind them offered to buy it for him .
1	She placed the chicken in one place and prepared to make seasoning .	Jenna gathered several ingredients in the kitchen .	However , she squeezed a lemon into her eye .	It took her several minutes to remove the pain from the stinging .	She continued to cook afterwards although her eye was still in pain .
2	He noticed all of the toys were lined up and arranged in patterns	Micah was working while his son ran around the house playing .	He decided to go check on him .	He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart .	He found him and praised him for his patterns .
1	She looked up videos online to try and learn .	Joyce was trying to learn a yoyo trick .	She watched the videos very closely to see how the trick is done .	Joyce then practiced , and practiced , and practiced .	Finally , she was able to masterfully perform the yoyo trick !
4	When he was done , Joseph decided to walk back the other way .	Joseph decided that he was going to walk across the country .	He started slow , stopping in many towns along the way .	In three months , Joseph made it halfway across the USA !	He continued strong until he reached the west coast .
2	She worked all day to make the perfect soup .	Ally decided to make soup for her family .	She used an old recipe from her grandmother .	Everyone in her family said it tasted just like her grandmother 's .	It really pleased her to know she 'd done well .
2	I gave him a burger I recently bought .	A homeless man approached my car .	He asked for some food .	He asked if there 's pickles and I immediately said no .	He gave the hamburger back and walked away .
2	I remembered I did n't get the mail .	I sat my groceries on the kitchen counter .	I locked the inside back door .	I searched for my keys for the mailbox .	I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door .
2	While up on the latter the dad slipped and fell .	Loyd always wanted a treehouse .	His dad finally agreed to build him one .	He broke his neck and died .	Loyd has never fully recovered from his mother 's constant blame .
2	Bob offered to help push the car out .	Bob walked down the street on a snowy afternoon , feeling rotten .	He saw some people trying to free a car stuck in the snow .	With a mighty combined shove , the car was free !	Bob waved then walked away , feeling great .
1	He showed up for the interview .	Anthony responded to the job ad in the paper .	He was so nervous he forgot his resume in the car .	He settled down and completed the interview .	The next week , he received a job offer .
3	Then Tito lost his footing and fell .	Tito went surfing one morning in Hawaii .	He caught a huge wave .	Tito rode it for a long time .	He hit his head on a coral and died .
3	She told her dad .	Allie wanted to ride her bike .	She climbed on and moved but something felt off .	When she looked she saw that the chains were rusty .	He was able to fix them up like new .
3	Although annoyed , she ran back up to the store to get the butter .	June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter .	She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items .	When she got home , she checked all the bags but the butter was missing	She made the cornbread and it tasted better than it ever had .
2	She sewed for a full day to make the best cat bed she could .	Morgan wanted to make a cat bed for her cat .	She got all the fabric she needed and sat down to work .	Then , she gave it to her cat to see if he would like it .	The cat slept in a box instead , because cats are like that .
3	Unfortunately , the cake fell flat !	This morning I woke up very early to bake a cake .	I gathered all of my ingredients : flour , sugar , eggs .	When I mixed all my ingredients I put them in the oven .	Then I realized I forgot the baking powder , too bad .
2	To earn money , he tried applying for jobs .	Silas had a questionable past .	He spent some time in jail .	The employers would not hire him .	Silas was sad to be unemployable .
2	He found a bag of popcorn and put it in the microwave .	Jerry was hungry one day while watching movies .	He got up and went to the kitchen to find a snack .	Jerry went back to sleep and forgot to check the popcorn .	When he woke up , he checked the popcorn and it was burned .
0	Rob ran for his high school track team .	He was a sprinter with very fast speed .	He was practicing on the track one day .	But he twisted his ankle badly .	He foot grew two times the normal size that day .
3	Mary agreed to the surgery .	Mary 's cat Luna ate a small envelope .	A few days later Luna 's stomach was bloated and she was lethargic .	Mary rushed Luna to the vet where they told her Luna needed surgery .	Hours later she was told Luna she could take Luna home .
4	She decided to take a sick day and felt better within 24 hours	Dianne started a new job and was really enjoying it .	One morning she woke up very sick .	She did not want to miss work because she was sick .	When Diana started to get ready for work she got dizzy .
3	They are going to Aruba next week .	My sister in law lost her husband last year .	She has been depressed .	Her daughter is trying to cheer her up .	We hope she will feel better .
1	There was no reason for them to get home right away .	Eddie and Carol were on their way home , driving across the country .	They decided to take their time and stop at lakes to swim , everyday .	It was a hot summer , and those hours spent swimming cooled them off .	These lake breaks made the trip longer , but well worth it .
1	Every week they got beaten by the taller teams .	Larry 's basketball team was made of of really short players .	They decided to practice for two extra hours before their next game .	They lost the game by 50 points .	Larry decided that no matter how hard you try , you ca n't teach height .
2	The view was breathtaking .	I decided to take a hike last weekend .	I went up to the top of a near mountain .	I felt alive and in touch with nature .	I took plenty of pictures before coming back .
0	The teacher called my mother .	My mother told me about their conversation .	My teacher says I have been absent a lot .	She was mistaken .	She confused me with another student .
2	They started to blame every error and mistake on him .	Jerry was always messing up at work .	His coworkers noticed that he did this .	Jerry finally could n't take how he was treated anymore .	He decided to quit his job and retire early .
0	Kelsi was excited to have a balloon party .	She got all her friends together for the blast .	Unfortunately it was raining so she could n't have it outside .	Kelsi immediately took her friends inside .	Although inside , the girls still enjoyed the party .
1	She told her parents that she wanted to walk to school by herself .	Lana wanted more freedom .	Her parents were scared something might happen .	Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough .	Lana was allowed to walk to school if she carried her phone .
1	She would always freak out whenever someone opened it .	Tammy 's cat always tried to run out the door .	She asked everyone to let her know if they were going over .	One time a friend opened the door without warning .	The cat ran out and Tammy was furious .
4	He hit a jumper last second to win the game by 1 point .	It was the NBA championships .	The Chicago Bulls were down by 1 point in the 4th .	Michael Jordan was determined to win for his team .	He pulled up with 3 seconds left on the clock .
1	I told my friends the story .	My mom told me a story about a scary house in a corner .	We went to look for the house .	We went inside the house and got scared by the clown that lives there .	We went back to my house and promised to never speak of it again .
2	Finally his dad gave in .	Jay watched his dad have coffee every morning .	He begged to have a cup of his own .	Jay took a big gulp .	He wondered how his dad could drink that horrible stuff .
3	On the other side she could see there were more cars waiting .	Gina could see cars waiting at the stop sign as she drove past .	It was a snowy rush hour so they were backed up .	She drove around a large curve in the road .	Gina was shocked to see the cars were backed up for half a mile .
0	Katie was getting a new rug .	She needed to get it installed .	The people were supposed to come at noon to install .	However to her dismay , Katie was left alone .	The installers never came .
1	He stepped in a puddle and stopped .	Captain Dave walked along the lowest deck of the ship .	Dave tried to find the source of the water .	He saw a small leak coming from the hull .	Dave just watched as the water came in faster .
4	Alvin was so angry that he broke his computer .	Alvin was doing his homework for an online class .	But suddenly , his internet stopped working .	A few minutes later , his internet began working again .	But the work he had been doing for hours was gone .
4	The guy turned to his pals and said she looked like Barbra Streisand .	Angie was self-conscious about her looks , especially her nose .	When she got ready for a party , she tried to hide her flaws .	At the party , a handsome guy and his friends came over to her .	Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous .
0	She was trying to think of what to be for Halloween .	She decided she would be Elliott from ET .	So she bought a stuffed animal ET online .	And she got an old milk crate and bike handles and a red sweater .	Everyone loved her creative easy costume .
3	Her mother was fine with it and was n't surprised at all .	Mary wanted to come out to her parents .	Mary is a lesbian .	She finally talked to her mother alone .	She spoke to her dad and the same happened .
4	Dan mocked his brother for an hour as his brother cleaned up .	Dan and his family were watching football .	Dan bet his brother the Giants would beat the Vikings .	They bet the loser would clean up after the party .	It was Dan 's house but he did n't want to have to clean up .
0	Lester is getting ready to head to a shop for some coffee .	When he steps outside , Lester is amazed by how cold it is .	He decides to go inside to put on a scarf .	Now he feels ready to go .	With his scarf , Lester braves the cold to get coffee .
4	Now the dog can run around like a puppy .	Annie has an old dog .	The vet says the dog is overweight .	Luckily , Annie loves her dog .	She began to feed him the correct amount .
3	The vase broke into pieces .	Ginny was playing ball in the house .	Her mom had told her not to .	She bounced the ball into a vase .	Ginny 's mom grounded her .
1	She decided to join the school 's drama team to see if that would help .	Kelsi was new at school and wanted to make new friends .	Luckily it helped and she made a new friend .	One girl in particular Lucy became her new best friend .	Lucy was happy she was able to have a best friend finally .
1	There , he ran into a few of his buddies .	Alan walked to the cafeteria for lunch .	They playfully started a food fight .	But soon other students had joined in , and it was chaotic !	The principal reprimanded Alan for his role in the food fight .
0	Frieda wanted some oatmeal .	She decided to boil some milk .	Soon after , she lost track of time .	The milk boiled over onto the stove .	She was unable to make her oatmeal in such a mess .
1	But he was caught in an avalanche of rocks .	Johnny never thought he would be in an avalanche .	He and a friend rode motorcycles in a canyon .	The earth shook and an avalanche of rocks fell down .	Johnny and his friends outran the rocks using their motorcycles .
4	She promised her fans another one once she felt better .	Carly was sick the day of her concert .	Her voice was hoarse .	The doctor told her she could hurt her vocal chords if she sung .	Carly decided to cancel the concert .
3	He yelled many times to keep himself from drifting off .	Baby Eddie did n't want to sleep .	He fought hard to keep his eyes open as he played .	Constantly he would catch himself nodding off .	Eddie succumbed to his heavy eyelids and slept all night .
1	Lynn suggested they sneak to the park .	Amy and Kim stayed over Lynn 's house .	They had almost gotten caught the first time .	Amy did n't want to take the risk of being caught .	Lynn ended up convincing her to break curfew and sneak out again .
2	His parents decided to bring him to a dragon festival in Chinatown .	Cole always loved dragons	He would draw them constantly .	He was so excited .	He wanted to go every year .
0	I put perfume on this morning .	It smelled very strong .	When I got to school people were coughing .	My teacher said go wash it off .	I had to scrub my neck in the bathroom .
3	When she got home the new file did n't work so she had to go back .	Alice 's electric nail file stopped working in the middle of a service .	There was not a store where she lived to buy a new nail file .	She drove 200 miles to the nearest store and bought a new one .	The store gave her a 20 % discount but the gas cost more !
4	Inside was a DVD of their favorite drama , which they watched happily !	Irene had invited her friends over to watch movies .	But to her horror , she found that her internet was down !	None of her friends could download anything either .	It seemed like the night was ruined , but then Jason opened his bag .
1	She tried to ignore it for a few days , but it kept getting worse .	Annie woke up in the morning with a strong ache in her tooth .	Annie 's mother begged her to get to the dentist to have it checked .	She begrudgingly accepted and made an appointment .	The dentist took care of her infection and saved her from much pain .
4	The barking was coming from under the ice where her dog had fallen .	Sue kept calling her dog but she was nowhere to be found .	She walked along the frozen creek calling the dog 's name .	As she got further from the house , she heard a faint barking .	The barking got clearer as she got closer to the creek .
0	Bob likes to watch old westerns on TV .	He turns up the volume so loud that you ca n't hear anything else .	One day while he was watching the movie Shane the police came .	The officer said that a neighbor had reported a domestic disturbance .	He wrote down that the cause of the trouble was a cowboy gun fight .
1	The chair was beat up but Dave took it home anyway .	Dave bought an old chair at an antique store .	He sat down in the chair at home and heard a crack .	Seconds later the chair broke and Dave fell .	Dave got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair .
1	She decided to play with them in her room .	Katie got a bunch of bubbles for her birthday .	She spilled them everywhere .	Katie 's parents found out .	Katie ended up grounded .
0	Kyle hurried home from work .	His wife had told him she had important news .	He feared something was wrong !	But when he rushed in , his wife was smiling .	She happily told him that she was pregnant !
3	The bacteria were then examined in a microscope .	There was a scientist who wanted to collect bacteria samples .	The samples needed to be put somewhere .	The guy grabbed a plastic mold to put them in .	The bacteria was non harmful .
1	They played on the swings together for an hour .	Tammy went to the park with her brother .	Then they built a castle in the sandbox .	Tammy and her brother had a great time .	After three hours they walked home hand in hand !
3	She quickly ordered pizza instead .	Lisa cooked dinner for her family .	She was n't paying attention .	All the food burned .	Luckily , Pizza is the family 's favorite food .
1	Terry found a letter in the ditch .	Terry was walking down the road .	She thought it might be a personal letter , but read it anyway .	The letter was an insurance paper .	Terry tossed it back into the ditch .
2	I started my flying lessons and loved them .	Since I was a child , I dreamed of being a pilot .	On my thirtieth birthday , my wife got me flying lessons .	Over the next few Year 's , I got very good at flying .	On my fortieth birthday , I decided to leave my job and become a pilot .
0	Jimmy was having picnic at the park .	He packed a delicious turkey sandwich .	As he was about to take a bite a bird swooped down and grabbed it .	The bird flew off with his sandwich into the sky .	Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home .
0	Lucy 's father was a very famous actor .	Lucy wanted to follow in his footsteps .	Unfortunately she never got any call backs from her auditions .	Distraught she called her father .	He pulled some strings to allow for Lucy to finally land a role .
2	So far , his boss had n't received anything .	Alex needed to fax his ID to his workplace .	He had already tried an e-fax two times .	Alex decided to look for a business that could help .	He found out that the post office could do it , and had it done .
0	Mike went to a coffee shop one day .	He was sitting in the shop when a woman caught his eye .	When he looked at her , he noticed she was looking at him .	Mike walked over to her and they began to passionately talk .	It was love at first sight , and the two fell into a strong love .
1	But , Amanda noticed Dana kept a shoe-box at his mother 's house .	Dana and Amanda were married and did n't keep secrets .	Amanda asked Dana what was in the shoe-box .	Dana said old pictures but she could n't see them .	She went by her mother-in-law 's home and the photos were nude selfies .
3	It was n't her fault but it still scared her .	Sara had never driven before but really wanted her license .	When she turned sixteen she went to get her permit .	On her first drive a car crashed into her car .	As a result she never wanted to drive again .
4	Now Bob 's name is Jack .	Bob did not like his name .	He went to the courthouse to change his name .	The court clerk gave him some paperwork to fill out .	Bob filled out the paperwork and gave it to the clerk .
0	My girlfriend was expecting something nice for Valentine 's Day .	I kept her in suspense all day long .	I finally surprised her late that evening .	She said that she had been very worried I was n't going to do anything .	I told her that was the best part of the day .
3	She decided to open a face painting business .	Tammy needed money badly .	She did not know what to do .	Tammy loved art and children .	She made lots of money and ended up happy .
0	Ava found a tiny bird on the ground .	It had fallen from its nest !	Ava took it inside and made it a home .	Then she fed it by hand every day .	Soon the bird strengthened and flew away !
0	Nancy is in her forties and decided to go get her college degree .	Her first day of class she brought a notebook and pen with her .	She noticed that every other student had a laptop instead .	They were all e-mail notes by the teacher instead of writing them .	Nancy was surprised by how much things have change in schools .
3	She aggressively kicked him in his knee .	The kid on the street would n't stop running .	He would run to the side of the road at the last minute a car came by .	His mom was angry and ran towards him .	While the kid was crying , he could n't get up .
3	One day he sneaked and saw an r rated movie .	Little Timmy loved making home movies .	He would set up elaborate scenes and have his family act things out .	He even wrote scripts based on movies he liked .	His parents were worried after they read his new script .
2	He drove to the grocery store .	Gene needed to get some food .	Gene went to his car .	Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods .	He bought the food and went home .
3	As she tapped on the pantry , a snake hissed at Tess .	Tess heard some sound coming from the kitchen .	She got a broom and nervously approached the kitchen .	She used the broom handle to tap on various surfaces .	Tess ran out of the kitchen , dropping the broom along the way .
2	He attempted to copy the same moves in his home .	Joe wanted to learn how to breakdance .	He watched various instructional videos on YouTube .	On one attempt , Joe hurt his wrist really badly .	Joe had to go to the hospital to get his wrist checked out after .
0	Jim 's neighbor had a very loud dog .	It always barked all night .	So Jim and other neighbors kept complaining .	The neighbor who owned the dog decided to sell it .	But the next day , a burglar broke into the neighbor 's house .
3	They decided to get a divorce .	Kari and Matt were married .	They did not have a happy marriage .	They tried to fix the marriage but they could not .	Both Kari and Matt were much happier after the divorce .
3	I researched Horace on the internet but I could not find anything .	I heard Horace my high school classmate married a celebrity .	I called our old school to verify that Horace did marry a celebrity .	I asked the current school staff but they did even know Horace .	Now I know Horace married a celebrity because I called and asked him .
4	Her mom liked the blue one best so she bought it .	Jill was so excited that a cute boy had asked her to the prom !	She went to the dress store with her best friend .	They had fun trying on dresses but she could n't decide on one .	She finally narrowed it down and texted pictures to her mom .
3	I waited for a while until I caught a fish .	I went to the river by my neighborhood .	I sat down with my fishing pole .	I through the line out into the water .	I went home with the fish and ate it .
2	But she knew she would n't make it to the toilet .	Alicia is 60 Year 's old and has to use the bathroom often .	In the grocery store today she had to use the bathroom .	She pulled her dress down and pooped into the beverage cooler .	The store owner captured the scene on video and it went viral .
4	Finally , one of the girls let the frog go free in the bushes .	Three girls were swimming when they found a frog .	One of the girls caught the frog in her hands .	The other girl protested and told her to let it go .	They argued over the frog for a minute .
0	Sally decided it was time for lunch .	She went to the kitchen to look for something to eat .	She decided to make herself a sandwich .	Sally ate her sandwich .	After she finished her sandwich , Sally was full .
0	Norma realizes that she does n't eat vegetables very much .	She knows that her body needs the nutrients found in leafy greens .	Norma decides to eat a salad at least twice a week at work .	She is surprised with how much better she starts to feel .	Norma is glad that she has improved her eating habits .
0	John has been working as a chef for many Year 's .	The restaurant where he works employs two dishwashers .	However , one night , both dishwashers are sick .	John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes .	Although he is a chef , he does n't feel too proud to clean dishes .
3	Ben spent two weeks making mud bricks and shingles .	Ben needed a place to store his tools but had no money .	He decided that he would build an adobe she 'd like his grandpa did .	He looked up instructions online and wrote them down .	When he was done , he had a beautiful , rustic mud brick shed .
4	I ended up wearing some beads at night .	Mardi Gras was Tuesday this week .	We did not really celebrate it .	We had a simple dinner instead .	We did not even have anything sweet .
3	In addition , all of us went ice skating late at night .	The party was n't completely boring .	Alongside food and drinks , there were several games .	I had the opportunity to play Twister .	Everyone ultimately had a good time .
2	He could n't even stop when his wife begged him .	Ben had smoked cigarettes for years .	He tried to quit but failed .	Then his baby daughter Rita was born .	From that day on , Ben never touched another cigarette !
4	John did the Heimlich maneuver and saved John 's life .	Nick and his friend John were eating lunch at work .	John liked to tell jokes and Nick loved to listen to them .	One day , John told a particularly funny joke and Nick laughed .	Unfortunately , Nick began choking on his banana .
1	She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach .	Edith wanted to buy a new pair of earrings .	She browsed through a jewelry catalog for different options .	She found a pair of gold hoop earrings .	Edith placed the order for the gold hoop earrings .
0	Francis was very hungry for some cheese .	His refrigerator was empty .	He got ready and went to the grocery store .	There he bought many delicious cheeses .	Finally Francis got his cheese .
0	Jill was the building manager of her apartment .	She went hall to hall sweeping and cleaning .	She noticed a new tenant had put out a doormat .	Not sure if she should clean it or they should she left it alone .	She got an angry call later wondering why she was neglecting it .
0	Emma was getting ready for bed .	She was trying to take her hair out of it 's ponytail .	Somehow , the hair became caught in the tie .	She yanked on it and tried to free it .	The hair ripped and the tie came out .
3	She ordered it online .	Fran loved her earbuds but they just broke .	She needed something more durable .	She looked online and found some headphones she liked .	The headphones ended up being amazing in quality .
1	Jake 's mom said he could only have pizza if he cleaned his room .	Jake wanted to eat pizza for dinner .	It took Jake two house to make his room look spotless .	His mother saw the room and was very happy with him .	Jake got to eat pizza later that night .
1	He plays speed chess , in which a player has only 3 minutes .	Tim is my chess partner .	When he is losing , he talks to try to distract me .	When he is winning , he boasts .	When I win , I make a lot of noise .
1	He had his shoes , coat , and hat .	Jim was getting ready for school .	He knew he was forgetting something !	His mother gave him his backpack before he left .	Jim went to school happy that he did n't forget his backpack .
0	The principal tried to make wearing school uniforms a requirement .	However , most students were arguing about it .	They said that it was expensive and did n't allow freedom of expression	Before the principal went inside her car , an angry mob appeared .	They were yelling at the principal to reconsider her decision .
2	He asked me to explain why it was not appropriate .	My boss asked me to find the mean value of a data set .	I told him the mean was not appropriate for the data set .	I told him it was because the data was not symmetrical .	He thanked me for my brilliant insight into the problem .
4	Rose loved visiting New York !	Rose wanted to see New York City .	She took a train ride into Manhattan .	There , she saw the sights .	Then she had famous New York pizza .
2	In her free time , she 's been working on a series .	Darla is an accountant .	However , she always wanted to be an author .	She 's getting published this fall .	Darla secretly hopes that she can make enough money to quit .
0	Jason heard a knock at his door .	It was his best friend Steve .	Steve brought over a board game .	They set up the game and played it together .	This made Jason happy .
0	Jill loved to play soccer .	She was on a travel soccer team .	She had a big tournament this weekend .	She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament .	Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats .
4	Suddenly , the plane began to work again and Jared thanked God .	Jared was politing a large jumbo jet one day .	All of a sudden , Jared 's plane began to be unresponsive .	Jared panicked and tried to radio for help but the radio did n't work .	The plane began to fall as Jared prepared to tell the passengers .
2	He went to a loan shark .	Leroy was desperate for money	Nobody would loan him any .	He was n't able to pay him back .	Eventually he got into a lot of legal trouble .
2	He liked murder not talking animals .	At 7 Year 's old Eli did n't like cartoons .	He would rather watch Law and Order .	So he would watch crime shows all day .	Eli was a sociopath and killed his family at twelve .
2	She has one child .	My friend Tim is helping his daughter Tina out .	Tina is 32 and has been married three times .	The father of the child is fighting for custody .	Tim is paying Tina 's lawyer to help her retain custody .
4	Now his business is better than ever .	George owned a banana stand in the middle of town .	His business did well until a new banana chain opened down the street .	George noticed less and less people buying bananas from him .	He had a great idea of covering his bananas in chocolate .
4	Max got an A for having the best description of courage in the class .	Ash 's writing instructor handed out a new assignment .	The students were each told to write an essay saying what courage is .	The essays were to be no more than five pages long .	Max turned in a paper having written on it only the word this .
2	She immediately hit a side path .	Rita loved riding her bike down the trails of the state park .	While she was riding , she came across a bear .	She pedaled as fast as she could out of the state park .	Rita will now only go on the trails when she is with friends .
2	Matt went to his local government assistance office .	Matt was really broke .	He was struggling to pay his rent on time .	He applied for food stamps .	Matt was able to afford to pay his rent with governmental assistance .
2	My wife bought a lot of raffle tickets , plus a wreath .	Last Saturday , my wife went to a Christmas bazaar .	A local school hosted the bazaar .	When she got home , she put the wreath up on our door .	I hope we win some raffles .
0	Ella is a toddler who likes to play ball .	She can kick and throw the ball .	Unfortunately , Ella ca n't catch the ball though .	Her mommy practiced catching the ball with her every day for a month .	At the end of the month , Ella could kick , throw , AND catch the ball .
4	He has a tv now but uses it only to watch dvds .	My friend is a philosophy teacher .	He has always hated tv .	He claimed they could corrupt his children 's minds .	He has destroyed a few tvs in his lifetime .
4	I was very angry at the condo association .	I used to sell books online .	I stored some books in the condo hallway .	One day the books were gone .	The property manager removed them and fined me .
3	A week later , the cat gave birth to kittens .	Melissa found a stray cat .	She begged her mom to let her keep it , and it worked .	Her mom was reluctant but figured it was just one cat .	Melissa and her mom were then the owners of 8 cats .
0	I needed to fit a regression to a data set .	I tried a linear regression but it was a poor fit .	My friend told me to try a local regression instead .	I agreed and implemented a locally weighted regression algorithm .	The regression worked perfectly for the data set !
0	Mavis was proud of the flower garden in the front of her home .	Neighbors , stopping to enjoy the sight , chatted with Mavis .	But Mavis grew tired of kids trespassing in her garden .	She built a tall wall around the garden to protect it .	Now the neighbors never stop and Mavis is lonely in her garden .
0	Ben was always too shy to be involved at school .	He joined a study group to improve his grades .	Ben was mostly quiet .	He then became good friends with Pam .	The two were married a few years later .
4	The bride and groom were beside themselves with happiness about it .	Morgan was a candlemaker by trade .	She was commissioned to make a beautiful candle for a wedding .	She worked very hard on designing it .	When the candle was finished , it was a beautiful work of art .
4	Instead of forcing himself to sleep , he 's decided to read a book .	Ted is on a non-stop plane ride to Italy .	He has never been out of the country before so he 's quite nervous .	In order to pass some time , he is planning on taking a nap .	So far , Ted has been having trouble getting comfortable .
0	Mike and John always played golf .	They had standing bets but John usually won .	But on this day it was about to change .	Mike was leading with one hole left .	But he hit one in the water and was done .
3	It was n't until she got home that she noticed the pen .	Rachel needed to borrow a pen .	She asked her co worker for one .	At the end of the day Rachel drove home exhausted .	She had forgotten to give it back .
2	The teacher saw and grabbed the note .	I passed a note to a girl I liked in my class .	It expressed my love for her .	He read it aloud to the entire class .	Everyone laughed at me and I ran out of the class in tears .
1	He cared a lot about poverty and crime .	Mark was very political .	He often marched in protests .	This last weekend he started his own .	It was n't that big but he is still proud of the support .
4	Kai and his mom both had a great time !	Kai 's mom invited him to a movie .	Kai agreed to go with her .	They went to see a horror movie .	The movie was terrifying !
3	One morning he snuck a sip while his dad was n't looking .	Jimmy saw his dad drink coffee every morning .	He thought it must be pretty delicious .	Every time he asked to have some his dad said no .	It was the worse thing he had ever tasted !
3	He said he was man enough to wear it indoors .	Marsha washed the newly bought red shirt in with other laundry .	The shirt stained all white clothes in the wash .	Her husband told Marsha not to worry about the pink underwear .	Marsha cooked her husband an extra special meal that evening .
4	The firemen put out the fire , and no one was harmed .	Max awoke one night to the smell of smoke .	He opened his bedroom door to see flames across the house .	He ran through his house , waking everyone and getting them to safety .	The fire department was called , and they arrived promptly .
0	Tom and Liz had been dating for 5 months .	Tom absolutely adored Liz .	He decided to surprise her with a vacation .	While on vacation he was going to propose .	At dinner , he popped the question and Liz said no .
0	My friend Frank called me this afternoon .	I worked with him from 2007 to 2011 , when I retired .	He still calls on occasion to update me about work .	Today he called to say his wife was sick with the flu .	I told him to go home and take care of his wife .
3	She acknowledged a few people .	The host came to the stage .	He called up the winner .	This was the last award of the night so the lady said her speech .	Then she took a bow and went to her seat .
0	Mitch stood by the stage and waited for his cue to raise the curtain .	The director stood on the other side and looked at Mitch .	The overture finished and the director stood still .	A moment later he gave Mitch a signal .	Mitch pulled the cords and raised the stage curtain .
3	Hallie refused to let him sleep .	Ryder is a playful pup .	He wore himself out .	He tried finding a safe place to take a nap .	Ryder ran under the bed to take his nap .
1	Her doll had just lost an arm !	Bay was upset .	She took the doll to her mom , crying .	But her mom smiled and told her not to worry .	Within an hour her mom had sewed the arm back on good as new !
3	Lynsey had to take a job at a very bad restaurant .	Lynsey did not try very hard at her studies .	She preferred to talk to boys and skip class .	Lynsey made terrible grades and could n't get into college .	Lynsey is now poor and wishes she had studied more .
2	They told me to come in to get them fix .	My glasses were broken .	I called the eye doctor .	I went in and they fixed them .	Then , I was able to go home .
0	Sam was excited to get his car washed .	He had a big date on Thursday to get ready for .	He went into the automatic machine .	Before he noticed he was soaked and soapy .	He had forgotten to close the window in all the excitement .
3	But he thought the rainy was beautiful .	Carl was walking to the market .	But it began to rainy .	He thought about turning back .	Instead of going to market , he stayed outside to enjoy the rainy .
2	When the timer went off she opened the oven .	Lisa was making dinner for her parents .	She made a chicken casserole .	It looked exactly the same as when she put it in an hour ago .	She had forgotten to turn on the oven !
4	Ani is stressed and hoping they can return home soon .	Ani 's brother had his two kids taken away from him by CPS .	They bring the kids to Ani 's house .	Ani goes through the foster care licensing process .	She decides to care for the kids until her brother can .
4	Now Kim watches him easier .	Kim was a CIA agent who felt sorry for a guy she had to spy on .	Kim 's target would watch Japanese karate movies and adult films .	Kim felt sorry for her target and she marketed to him a room for rent .	Kim 's target moved into the house with her mother and sister .
2	I did n't realize it was school vacation week .	Today I went skiing .	It was difficult to ski because the trails were busy .	Children were constantly getting in my way .	Next time , I will avoid skiing during vacation week .
2	Ryan placed his new game in his system .	Ryan just got back from the video game story .	He ran over to his tv and turned it on .	He fired up his machine as he was shaking with excitement .	Ryan spent the next 6 hours playing his new game .
2	She put the money in a savings account and never touched it .	Anna wanted to save enough money for a new car .	Every paycheck , she set aside twenty dollars .	After one year , she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted .	Anna was so proud of herself and her saving ability !
2	He quickly assembled his speakers to face his neighbor 's house .	Nick 's neighbors played music as loud as they could .	Nick did not like confrontation , but something had to be done .	Nick began to play much louder music .	The situation was not resolved , but Nick felt better .
1	Willie took his bet and smacked his palms together .	Troy bet Willie he could n't do a hundred push-ups .	He fell to the floor and started doing push-ups .	He did one hundred and one of them .	Troy paid up and stopped making bets with Willie .
3	They spent all weekend throwing most of her item away .	Betsy had a messy house .	She started to lose things more often and called her family for help .	Her family arrived and could n't believe how messy she let it get .	When they were done , Betsy was shocked to see her house so clean .
0	I lived by myself and one day decided to get a dog .	I went to the local animal shelter and was brought to a room .	I had a really hard time deciding until I saw Cinnamon .	She was standing up and seemed happy unlike the rest .	I chose to bring Cinnamon home with me that day .
3	As he hid , the streets filled up with violent protests .	Ted was a journalist in the middle east covering a story .	All of a sudden , he got a call warning about a terrorist threat .	Ted panicked and ran to his apartment to hide .	Ted ran the the embassy and then was flown out of the country .
1	They were going down the river , headed for white water .	The entire group of teens clambered into the raft .	None of them had ever done this before , but they were excited .	The guide lead them down the river and the water started churning .	They had such an amazing time on the river that day .
0	Robbie extorted the rich banker for millions .	He thought he 'd gotten away with it , too .	He learned he was very sadly mistaken .	A host of ninjas jumped out of the darkness and attacked him .	Suddenly , the director yelled at everyone to take five .
2	When she was finished with cleaning , she put her clothes on .	Cindy awoke in panic when she realized that she was late for work .	She hopped into the shower with her toothbrush .	Cindy grabbed her keys and some toast and she headed out the door .	She dialed the manager and let him know that she was on her way .
3	I pulled over to the shoulder and the wasp flew out .	On a warm spring day I was out for a drive with the windows down .	I did n't realize I had a passenger until a wasp stung me on the neck .	I panicked and swerved , barely missing a car in the next lane .	I was lucky I was n't in an accident due to that awful insect .
0	Kelly and her friends decided to go for a drive .	The girls wanted to see the town .	They were having a lot of fun , however something happened .	They got a flat tire .	Thankfully though , someone came to help .
1	He looked everywhere for them .	Ted lost his car keys .	He looked under his couch and behind his nightstand .	He looked high and low , but could not find his keys .	Ted eventually found his keys in his coat pocket .
3	Her parents watched her quietly , as she scavenged for coins .	Sally wanted to make some money , and wanted to fast .	One day , she planned on finding every coin in her house .	She spent hours looking under tables and digging in the couch .	Her mother told her she could 've spent her time working instead !
1	She went to the store and looked around .	Paula wanted a new pair of dress shoes .	She finally found a pair of red high heels .	Paula loved the new shoes .	She wore them on a date that night .
3	At the end of the night Kelsi got a car .	Kelsi was having her sweet sixteen .	For her party she wanted everything .	Her parents got horses and invited all her friends .	Kelsi was thrilled .
0	We had cats in our workplace .	They were there to control the mice in the building .	One day my boss came to work early .	She saw a cat batting a mouse around .	She got sick and went home .
1	He walked into the classroom to see the teacher passing out name-card .	Today is Jon 's first day at school .	Jon wrote his name on the name-card .	He put the name-card on his shirt .	Jon sat down with the other kids in class .
1	This day was very rainy .	Sally drives everyday to work .	The tires on her car were very bald .	She had to stop suddenly for a kitten crossing the road .	Luckily she stopped in time , but almost hit the kitten .
1	As Chad entered , he had to check his coat .	Chad was attending a black tie event at his boss 's house .	Chad was hesitant , as he had lost a coat before .	As he was leaving , Chad noticed that his coat was missing .	Chad was very upset that his coat had gone missing again .
1	A bit of his ice cream fell and landed on the floor .	Pete walked down the hall eating ice cream .	Dan walked past Pete and stepped on the ice cream .	Dan slipped and fell down to the ground very hard .	Pete offered to help him up .
2	He made hundreds of dollars selling his demo around town .	Charles was one of the best rappers alive .	He knew he was the best .	By the time he was 41 , Charles was homeless in a shelter .	A radio station journalist asked him how he felt being homeless ?
0	Khloe decided to have friends over for a drink night .	She invited several of her good friends for drinks .	Later on , one of her friends got drunk and started to be mean .	Her and Khloe had a huge drag out fight .	Khloe sent everyone home and regretted her party .
2	The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie .	Sally and Charlie hardly ever agree .	Their disagreements sometimes get them into trouble .	Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally 's face .	Dad sent them to bed without any pie .
3	Paul went back inside to get a rain coat .	Paul woke up and felt cold .	He put on a hoodie and went downstairs .	Once he left the house it began to rain .	Paul wore both his hoodie and rain coat to work .
3	Sure enough a baseball went through my window .	In my neighborhood there is a lot of children usually playing .	Their parents obviously was n't watching them .	The kids were playing baseball in the middle of the street .	End up having to pay a lot of money to repair my window .
1	George did own a couple of acres of wooded land .	George wanted his own house but did not have the money to buy one .	George drew up his dream home plans and set out for the land .	George spent the next few years cutting down trees and working .	Three years later George drove to his land to live in his own house .
2	She gave it to the smartest student .	The principle was giving an award .	It was the academic award .	Everyone cheered for her .	The girl was praised the rest of the day in school .
3	Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas .	Joey loves poker .	Saturday he went to play on his poker team .	Joey came in first place and won a spot in the WSOP .	Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP .
0	Carl went to a neighborhood restaurant for brunch .	He noticed they added several new items .	He ordered one of the new dishes and was impressed .	He told all of his friends about the new items .	His word of mouth helped increased the restaurant 's profit .
2	He went up to her and planted a kiss on her !	Tommy met Julia at a local taqueria .	He was enamored with her look , smell and spirit .	They left together and had lunch not far from the taqueria .	He felt meeting her was love at first sight .
0	Jake 's new neighbor brought with him three large dogs .	As he stepped to their front door to meet them , the dogs barked .	His neighbor came to the door and tried to silence the dogs .	Jake thought that this would be an ongoing problem .	Jake spent next few weeks trying to get to know the dogs .
3	I will twirl around the stage .	Today is our school 's talent show .	I 've prepared a dance for everyone .	I am so excited for everyone to watch the show .	My parents were so proud of me .
0	Brad checked his email multiple times a day .	He was waiting to hear back from a recent job interview .	He refreshed his email over and over .	He kept looking at his inbox hoping the email would appear .	He finally heard back and he did n't get the job .
1	Maddy took a big swig of her friend 's coffee .	Maddy had never tried coffee before .	The taste was bitter , but she liked it .	Maddy ordered her own coffee .	Now , Maddy drinks a coffee everyday .
1	I wanted to become a big star .	I was in plays my entire young adult life .	I practiced acting all the time .	I was great on stage .	But I never won any awards and gave up my dreams .
0	Steve was furious when he saw his car .	He had gotten a parking ticket .	He was angry because the meter only expired by a few minutes .	Steve thought it was unfair and went to court .	The judge ruled that the ticket was unfair and he did not have to pay .
3	But , it was too expensive .	Bob was scared of planes .	Alas , he had to go to Malaysia .	He tried to hire a boat .	Bob decided to go by plane and he actually enjoyed it !
3	She decides to throw it all away .	Lucretia realizes that she needs to see if there is any new mail .	She talks down to the mailbox to check .	In the mailbox there is mostly junk mail .	Lucretia is happy that she checked the mail today .
2	After the game , Jim could n't find his phone .	Jim was excited about his upcoming football game .	He got to the stadium early and played on his phone .	Jim was very sad and continued to search for the phone all night .	He was happy to find out somebody had turned his phone in .
1	He filled up his entire week with work .	A man wanted to make money so he started to take on new jobs .	At the end of his first 90 hour work week he felt tired .	He slept so long on Sunday night that he slept through his monday job .	While he slept , he dreamed about being rich .
2	She felt so bored and alone that day .	June was all alone for Thanksgiving .	She could n't afford to travel this year .	Suddenly , she noticed a commercial for a local soup kitchen .	She decided to go out and volunteer at a kitchen .
3	He also enjoyed the yummy street food .	Neil was visiting Hungary .	His first stop was the capital , Budapest .	There , he admired the architecture .	Neil thought Budapest was a charming city !
0	Jasper has always wanted to run a marathon .	He begins to train by going jogging every morning .	As he jogs more , he finds himself becoming stronger .	Finally Jasper runs in a local marathon .	He is happy that he successfully completed it .
2	To my surprise , my grandmother had left me 100 acres of her land !	My grandmother passed away from cancer when I was 28 .	Her lawyer called me after the funeral to talk about some things .	Her three children were unhappy with the situation .	I split the land 4 ways , making everyone happy with the outcome .
2	Jim decided to play with his cat .	Jim 's cat would not stop meowing .	His cat was keeping him up all night .	He also gave his cat some catnip .	After a few minutes , his cat got tired and fell asleep .
1	I searched every inch of my house looking for the family heirloom .	Last night I could not find my great grandmother 's diamond ring .	I went to bed that night , tears streaming down my face .	I woke up the next morning to feed my dog Sticky Fingers .	And to my surprise the ring was in her doggy bed safe and sound .
1	On the trail in front of them was a huge brown bear .	The hikers suddenly stopped in their tracks .	It had noticed them at the same time they had noticed it .	The bear charged at the group of hikers .	The hikers turned into sprinters , likely setting a record or two .
4	Frank was glad that he got the opportunity to go hunting with Gary .	Frank wanted to go hunting with his best friend Garry .	Frank called Gary and invited him to go hunting .	Garry accepted Frank 's invitation to go hunting .	Garry and Frank met up at their usual hunting spot .
3	The man was unconscious and his heart was n't beating .	Manny was driving down the street when he saw a car wreck .	He got out of the car to investigate .	There was a man lying in the middle of the road .	When the ambulance came , they found Manny giving CPR to the man .
1	He decided he wanted to learn how to play it .	George found an old trombone in the basement .	George 's mother took him to a music teacher .	George took many lessons from the music teacher .	With years of practice , George became an accomplished trombone player .
1	The blizzard that had everyone else worried did n't concern him at all .	Jake had completed many survivalist classes .	He built a toasty fire and boiled snow in a pot over it .	Then , he dumped a handful of pine needles in .	His wife turned on the outside porch light and rolled her eyes at him .
0	The new Windows phone was coming out .	Carrie was super excited .	She immediately pre ordered the phone when it was announced .	The next day her new phone arrived in the mail .	Carrie could n't be happier .
0	We bought a vcr in 2014 .	I did not want to pay $ 10 a month for a dvr .	The vcr did not record properly and we returned it .	We ended up getting a dvr in 2015 .	The dvr is much better than a vcr .
0	A bird took off from its nest and headed towards a house .	He circled the yard for a while .	When it looked safe , the bird got closer .	He landed on a tree branch and looked for a cat .	The bird saw no cat so he fluttered to the bird feeder .
3	Each morning he got up two hours early to peddle his papers .	Day really wanted a new bike .	His old bike was beat up and too small !	So he began selling newspapers to earn money .	And within a month he 'd earned enough for a big new bike !
0	Emma needed a haircut .	She went to a salon .	The stylist gave Emma bangs .	Emma thought it looked terrible .	She had to wear a hat for a month while her hair grew out .
4	He did their yard work the next month to pay for the damage .	Bobby and Jim were hitting baseballs in Bobby 's yard .	Bobby hit one so hard it sailed over their fence .	It went right through their neighbor 's window .	Bobby went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry .
2	The kids were all very excited .	Miss Susie was counting the kids in her class getting on the bus .	Today the class was going on a field trip to the art museum .	They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art .	The kids and Miss Susie got on the bus to go back to school .
0	Kayla went for a manicure .	She chose a pretty pink nail polish .	Her nails were perfectly filed .	They were painted and dried .	She left with a beautiful nails and complete satisfaction .
0	Gina needed to avoid a boy in her class named Dave .	But Dave insisted on harassing her .	Gina went to her teacher requesting his desk be moved .	The teacher was hesitant initially .	But Gina convinced her it would be best for the class .
2	There were a lot of children , and a singer .	Our apartment building management had a Halloween party this year .	Adults and children were invited .	My wife masqueraded as Sponge Bob , and I wore a transit outfit .	We had a lot of fun , and took plenty of photos .
2	He saw that there would be extreme flooding in his area soon .	It had been raining hard for several days .	Desmond checked his phone for any emergency notifications .	Desmond executed his emergency flood plan .	He evacuated with the essentials just before his house floated away .
0	I woke up and decided to make breakfast .	I decided to eat rice .	I cooked it in a rush .	It was uncooked and I got an upset stomach .	I realized I should make sure my rice is cooked completely .
2	She also , slept in late everyday .	Tara wanted to be a better role model for her child .	She was using a lot of curse words around her child .	She started one day , waking up in the morning .	She feels a lot better about herself .
3	He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor .	My husband is an excavator .	He owns many pieces of heavy equipment and large lawn mowers .	When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe .	He has gotten a lot of confidence because of this .
4	Jake dumped Samantha , but she got asked on a date by a fireman .	Samantha wanted a hot date with her boyfriend Jake .	She decided to cook his favorite dish , spaghetti carbonara .	While frying the pancetta , Samantha set Jake 's apartment on fire .	Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives .
0	When the flood came no one saw it coming .	The waters swept away every home in the town .	The rescue crews works all day and night to save people .	After the waters went down there was nothing left .	The town was just a memory .
1	The person on the phone was very friendly .	I ordered Chinese food last night .	I went there after they said it would be done .	I had to wait 15 minutes longer than I was told .	I finally got my food after 45 minutes .
0	I collect old photographs .	My favorite period is definitely the American Civil War .	There is some amazing early photography from that period .	Some of it is pretty gruesome as well .	But I find it to be the most honest and accurate way to see the past .
3	Suddenly , I heard `` Surprise ! ''	It was my 26th birthday and I had no plans .	I decided to just go and eat my favorite food .	A friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order .	My family and friends threw me a surprise party !
0	John sat down at the couch and turned on the TV .	He watched a Kung Fu movie on a network station .	The movie was so bad that John became angry .	He called up the TV station to let them know his rage .	John felt better once he made the call .
4	Next thing I knew , sunlight was peeking at me through the window .	I was tired but not ready to go to sleep yet .	So I grabbed one of my books on American history .	I read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention .	I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise .
3	Tomas tears his pectoral .	Tomas is a professional weightlifter .	Tomas decides to do bench presses .	Tomas sets a new personal record for his bench press .	Tomas ca n't lift weights for 3 more months .
3	His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software .	Po 's internet was n't working .	So he was sure his computer was infected by a virus .	But his antivirus software was no help .	And when Po used his computer next , the internet was working again .
3	I then decided to call repairs .	Yesterday I was driving to the store .	Everything was going fine .	Unfortunately however , my car broke down .	Thankfully they sent someone on their way .
0	I was in the gas station one day .	I walked to the counter and asked for a pack of cigarettes .	The clerk asked me if he could see my ID .	I checked my pockets , but noticed I forgot my ID .	I ran out to my car , found my ID and returned to the counter .
4	The light helped Ben sleep much easier .	Ben was afraid of the dark .	His mom told him he could get a nightlight .	Ben got a cute little nightlight .	Every night he kept it on all night .
4	Jennifer is upset but understand and gets to studying .	Jennifer is addicted to social media on her cell phone .	She is on it during class instead of paying attention .	Her grades have been steadily declining as a result .	Her parents took her phone away from her until she gets her grades up .
0	Johnny set out to make a nice dinner .	He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables .	He put them in the slow cooker in the morning .	In the evening , he pulled out the chicken and vegetables .	He shared the meal with his wife , and they enjoyed it a lot .
3	I had to take her to the hospital .	My mom was taking out the garbage outside .	As soon as she bent over to pick up the bag , her back got sprained .	She fell on the floor and was n't able to get up .	Luckily , the doctor said that the injury is n't severe .
2	I finally had enough money so I ordered one online .	I saved money for a year .	I really wanted to buy a pool table .	When it arrived , I invited my friends over .	We had beer and pizza and played pool .
3	He was so proud that he took a picture of the clear window .	The sliding glass door at Sam 's house was dirty .	He used ten different cleaners on it .	Once he gave the final wipe the window was spotless .	He looked at the photo but it seemed less impressive .
0	Sandy could not figure it out .	Why did whales keep beaching themselves here ?	She decided to build a plan .	She oversaw the build of a huge underwater net .	The net helped keep whales off the beach , saving their lives .
4	Candy had finally burned a ham .	Candy claimed she had never burned a ham .	She put the ham in the over 2 hours early to prove it .	Candy slept through the timer going off .	She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke .
2	The exterminator came to my house and said I needed my house sprayed .	I found a few termites one day the kitchen .	I called the exterminator .	It took a few days for the house to be habitable again .	I have never seen a termite in the house again .
2	Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house .	Tommy 's laptop was too slow to even run Minecraft .	Tommy 's mom suggested he earn money to buy a new computer .	Because Tommy 's lemonade was delicious , his stand was a huge success .	Within a week , he had earned enough money to buy a better computer .
3	Aaron always knew flirting with cops could get out of tickets .	Aaron was running late for a date .	So he was driving 60 in a 30 .	Instantly he was pulled over by a cop .	He now has a date with the backseat of a cop car .
3	The driver got out and wreaked of alcohol .	The first time I was hit by a drunk driver was scary .	I was just driving down the street in my small car .	All the sudden , a huge truck slammed into my car .	The police came and locked him up .
1	There were many complaints made about Janet .	Janet got in trouble at work for being rude to customers .	She was worried that she may lose her job .	Janet spoke with her supervisor about the complaints .	She received training to help her be more friendly .
1	She started following a scent .	I took my dog on a walk this morning .	It led her to a squirrel in a tree .	She barked at the squirrel a few times .	Then she got bored and we went home .
2	Suddenly , her teacher informed her that she was missing a requirement .	Emily was working on a painting for an art competition .	She was almost done .	She had to add a 3D element to her piece .	Emily worked quickly to change the piece and then entered her work .
4	She left soon after , and I never heard from her again .	I was 18 and it was my first summer away from home .	I spent most of my time working to make some extra cash .	However , on one weekend night , I ran into this gorgeous girl .	She was visiting from Maine , and we hung out all week .
0	Bill was a first year college student .	He was required to take a poetry class .	He did not appreciate the class .	He later matured and ended up appreciating the same poems .	He reflected on this and it gave him a unique internal feeling .
0	Bob was on a business trip .	He was staying at a very low quality hotel .	Bob could not sleep due to hearing police sirens all night .	He arrived at his business meeting extremely tired .	Bob fell asleep many times at his meeting due to his lack of sleep .
4	Pat has now been awake for two days .	Pat was always tired .	He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more .	One morning he decided to stop and get coffee .	His whole body tingled and felt alive .
4	He had a memorable vacation at the Grand Canyon .	Ted earned some vacation days at work he wanted to use .	He decided to visit the grand canyon .	He just decided to drive across the country there .	He had fun on the road trip .
4	He left right after	Darren visited a haunted house .	The area was very empty and devoid of noise .	He felt nervous .	He went in and heard so many noises .
4	She knocked on her boyfriends door and was greeted by another woman .	Ivy was in a long distance relationship .	She wanted to trust that her boyfriend was faithful .	On his birthday she planned to surprise him at his place .	Ivy traveled and was very surprised when arrived at her destination .
2	I was watching a movie later and recognized the same star .	I watched the episode Punk on Law and Order .	The guest star portrayed a woman prisoner .	I looked her up and joined her online fan club .	I am a Cara Buono fan .
1	She wanted to shape it like a dinosaur .	Lily tried to bake a cake for her son .	Unfortunately , it fell apart .	Lily had no time , so she ran to the store to pick up cupcakes .	She served them with candles .
1	He played on a high school baseball team .	Bill loved to play baseball .	His team had gotten to the finals in a tournament .	It was the end of the game and the scores were tied with Bill at bat !	Bill focused and hit a hard home run , winning his team the game !
4	She had sent many other customers to purchase cookies for her .	Anne decided to raise funds for her school with a bake sale .	Lisa promised to buy plenty of cookies from Anne .	Anne waited all day , but Lisa never arrived at the bake sale .	Lisa later explained that she had been busy , but she kept her promise .
3	Ben played varsity football , however , and easily avoided Wesley .	Wesley loved pranking people and filming it with his smartphone .	One day , at the swimming pool , he decided to prank his brother Ben .	Wesley raced towards Ben , meaning to push him in the water .	Wesley splashed into the pool , ruining his smartphone in the process !
2	He tried figuring out how to use the latest phones .	Chris was a millennial .	For some reason , he just could n't get the hang of technology .	He always ended up getting his phone frozen .	Chris missed the time when smart phones did n't exist .
3	He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed .	Matt was a passionate activist with an idea for a musical .	He wanted to bring attention to adversity suffered by minorities .	Matt had a difficult time finding funding for his endeavor .	The guards at the prison where he 's now housed also enjoy show tunes .
1	She got up extra early to get dressed .	Amy was starting Junior High .	She changed her clothes 4 times .	She wanted to look as adult as possible .	In the end she had nothing she wanted to wear .
1	Jay had not really celebrated any of his birthdays since he turned 21 .	It was Jay 's 26th birthday , and it started off like any other day .	He was expecting this one to be the same way , but not his friends .	They had secretly booked him a trip out of town .	He could not believe it when they all surprised him with the gift .
2	We enjoyed playing together .	I met my best friend in first grade .	We had a lot of shared interests .	We stayed in contact throughout the years .	We both have children of our own now .
2	They loaded up the boat .	They boys had a fishing trip planned .	They bought all their supplies .	They forgot to check the weather .	Because it was raining , they had to cancel the trip .
1	After a few drinks , he went out to the dance floor .	Tom went out to the club last night .	He was dancing like a madman when suddenly the music stopped .	Everyone looked at Tom while he kept on dancing .	He was having such a good time , he did n't know the music had stopped .
4	So he could n't afford a car at all .	When Tom was little , he dreamed of owning an expensive sports car .	But when he got older , he realized that it would n't be possible .	He dreamed too much .	And he never accomplished anything .
1	My girlfriend prefers a warm apartment .	I like a cool apartment .	We often argue over the temperature .	We agreed to keep it in the middle of our preferences .	Now we argue over our preferences .
4	The psychologist helped my son overcome his addiction .	I was sitting in the kitchen .	My son came up to me .	He confessed that he was addicted to drugs .	I decided to take him to a psychologist .
0	A little boy sick in a hospital worshiped a famous basketball player .	He asked a volunteer to get the player 's autograph .	The volunteer promised to try but said it would be difficult .	The next evening the volunteer met her friend for coffee .	Standing in front of the coffee shop was the ball player !
3	It was exactly like her wedding ring except the diamond was huge !	Lenny and Sheila celebrated their 40th Anniversary by taking a trip .	They visited the art gallery where they first met each other .	After they visited the gallery Lenny surprised Shiela with a ring .	They decided they would renew their vows on their 50th Anniversary .
2	Suddenly , his mom burst into the room .	Greg needed to wake up for school .	He was so tired that he kept hitting snooze on his alarm .	He had missed the bus .	His mom had to drive him to school , and Greg was in trouble .
4	Pretty soon he was reading quickly and fluently !	Sal did n't know how to read .	He decided to try to teach himself .	First he memorized the alphabet .	Then he began sounding out simple , easy words .
0	MeGan tried her friend 's doorbell but nothing happened .	She banged on the door but no one answered .	Megan pulled out her phone to call her friend .	Just then the door swung open .	A man with a sinister grin greeted her .
2	After some thought , she made an appointment with the dermatologist .	Gina had been battling acne for Years and tried so many products .	One of her friends suggested that she see a dermatologist .	The doctor suggested several products for her to try .	Gina was so happy she went , because her complexion greatly improved .
3	The teacher told them to stop and gave them detentions .	Billy and jean were playing in the classroom .	They stole the teachers eraser and started to throw it around .	Elena did n't approve of what they were doing and told the teacher .	Elena felt nervous since she was the old who told the teacher .
0	When Billy was five he went to the beach for the first time .	A wave knocked him over and he nearly drowned .	A life guard saved him before it was too late .	Billy took swimming lessons the next summer and learned to swim .	When he was older he became a lifeguard .
2	They used the boxes to make a great fort .	The children wanted to make a fort .	They gathered all the cardboard boxes they could .	They played in it all day .	The fort was a great idea for having fun that day .
2	When he looked out his mirror he could see rubber flopping around .	Bob was cruising down the freeway .	Suddenly he heard a terrible racket !	Bob had to stop and fix a flat tire on his car .	In fifteen minutes Bob was back on the freeway .
0	Molly had fallen asleep with her hair in a bun .	Now , her hair was very tangled .	She tried to comb it but it would n't work .	She decided to rub some coconut oil in it .	Then , she was able to comb the hair out .
2	Then after dinner that night she got a surprise .	Mary 's mom came home with more bananas than they could possibly eat .	She wondered why she had bought them all .	Mom made banana splits for the whole family .	That was the best way ever to eat a banana !
0	My friend got into a car accident yesterday .	She was on her way home from work and hit a deer .	The car was totalled , and the deer was demolished .	She had to call her husband to pick her up .	She is now awaiting the insurance check so that she can get a new car .
4	Luckily , she was able to clean the burned spot up .	Monica had just made a pot of rice .	She carried the pot to her table to serve some .	She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound .	She lifted the pot and saw a huge burn spot .
0	Jimmy was always exploring the country .	He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over .	Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue .	His wife worried about him when he did n't call during those times .	Despite that she still loved him and helped him plan expeditions .
1	He was trying to recover a huge diamond .	The spy was on a mission .	He followed his suspect very carefully and apprehended him .	After apprehending the suspect , he questioned him intensely .	The spy got the information and found the diamond .
4	He keep trying and finally beat the game .	Tom really loved to play challenging video games .	So tom bought a Bloodborne for the PS4 because it was very tough game .	He played everyday for hours and hours .	He died over and over again and almost gave up .
4	Bob 's car had a clear path to the road .	There was a terrible thunderstorm in Bob 's town .	Bob 's driveway was covered in snow .	Bob could n't get his car out of the drive .	Bob shoveled his driveway .
0	My daughter bought me a Holga camera for Christmas .	It is a plastic camera that uses 35mm film .	The viewfinder is similar to that used on twin lens reflexes .	I was a big fan of twin lens reflex cameras .	I used to Holga to take pictures of my granddaughter .
0	Gina had been joking with a man at a restaurant .	Then she found out he was the manager .	She worried the joking may have been too familiar .	But she decided to remain friendly and hope for the best .	He seemed to be receptive to he jokes , so she continued .
0	Earl wanted to bake a batch of soft cookies .	He put the dough on a cookie sheet and started the oven .	He put the cookies in when it was hot enough .	To be safe , Earl set three different timers .	When the first timer went off , he took out his cookies .
3	Fiona decided there was only one thing she could do .	Fiona was worried about her husband .	He had recently been diagnosed with diabetes .	Yet he continued to eat and drink foods high in sugar .	She threw all of the sugary food and drinks out .
0	Last year Joe was an inch too short to ride the big roller coaster .	He waited in line to be measured this year .	He had grown over two inches !	He was excited to finally be able to ride the coaster .	He rode it three times that day .
4	Using plastic is how I kept the cold drafts out this winter .	I kept cold drafts out this winter by covering the windows .	I measured the windows to see what size plastic I needed .	I cut the plastic with a knife to fit the windows .	I taped and stapled the plastic to the windows .
3	Jane works very hard to prepare for the newspaper interview .	Jane has been unemployed for Years .	She wants a job but has had trouble finding one .	Finally she gets an interview with a local newspaper .	Her preparation pays off when she is offered a job !
2	He decided to stop following the trail .	Andy 's loves to hike .	He went for a hike on a trail near his home .	Andy got lost in the forest .	A park ranger found him and brought him home .
4	Mark was sad the show was postponed for a presidential address .	It was the season premiere of jack 's favorite show .	He called and invited his friends .	He made snacks in anticipation of the premiere .	As they gathered around the tv the news began .
2	She saw her husband cutting a fresh pot roast at the counter .	Jenn came home from work for her lunch hour .	When she got to the front door something smelled really good .	He had decided to surprise her with a home cooked meal .	Jenn enjoyed her lunch and went back to work .
2	We were curious about the new kids in town .	My family was moving to a new city .	My siblings were nervous about the new home .	When we showed up people greeted us .	They were very nice , and things went well .
1	So she bought little pocket weights .	May wanted to burn more calories during her run .	She loaded them into her pockets before her run .	The added weight helped her burn more calories .	Soon May was burning extra calories and losing weight daily !
0	A sign painter was hired for work at a fine dining restaurant .	The message he was told to paint was spelt wrong but he did n't care .	He felt his job was in the painting and not the spelling .	The first guest that walked by it noticed the error .	The guest just assumed that it was a French spelling and kept walking .
3	To his delight the game was incredibly entertaining .	Rob was excited about his new Sega Genesis .	The game the system came with was Sonic the Hedgehog .	Rob thought the game was going to be boring .	He had a great time playing the game all weekend .
1	I went to a website and read articles .	I was bored on the internet .	The articles were interesting , but made me sleepy .	I started to fall asleep in my chair .	I woke up and went to my bed .
0	Lenny always wears shorts in the winter .	It 's as if he does n't feel the cold at all .	Last December , it was so cold , he finally had to wear jeans .	But as soon as it was no longer sub-zero , he wore shorts again .	Nobody is sure how he does it .
0	Amy and Beth arrived at the theater to meet the rest their group .	Amy was excited about seeing her crush Ray .	For the first few minutes ray was nowhere to be seen .	Finally Amy spotted him holding hands with another girl .	Amy sat through the whole movie in a stunned silence .
1	After a little while , they realized a piece was missing .	Ally and Karen were putting together a puzzle .	They looked all over the house , but could not find the piece .	Then , they saw a tail sticking out from under the couch .	The cat had taken the piece !
3	She made sure her harness was double-checked for security .	Angela has always been afraid of heights .	She really wanted to go zip-lining with friends	On the first platform , she was terrified when she looked down .	Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform .
1	They are very loud from the time they get up till they go to bed .	Cindy has 5 children .	Cindy has to have relaxation time .	She decided to send them to bed early .	Her children hated the new bedtime .
1	She was at a police station to get help .	Lucy was lost and did n't know her grandparents address .	She was crying as she explained to an officer .	He smiled and offered her something to eat .	Lucy hungrily ate the candy bar , and soda the officer gave her .
3	It teaches colors , shapes , music in three different languages .	I set out today to buy a christmas gift for my newborn Niece .	She had 2 strokes at birth so a motor skill toy would be the best item	I went on walmart 's website and found the perfect toy for infants .	Knowing this would be a helpful and fun gift , I purchased it .
0	Robin envied a classmate who seemed to have everything .	One day , this girl invited Robin over to play dolls .	When the girl was n't looking , Robin put a small doll in her pocket .	Robin could n't wait to get home to play with the stolen toy .	When she got home , though , she buried the doll in her yard .
0	I baked a chocolate cake for my daughter on her first birthday .	We sat her in her high chair and put the cake in front of her .	She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cak	Bringing her hands to her mouth to taste it with a big smile .	She decided she loved it , and threw her whole face into the cake .
2	She had everyone bring a dish for breakfast .	Shana 's friend Amy was getting married .	Shana decided to throw her a surprise shower at work .	Everyone came to the library and Amy arrived .	Amy was completely surprised and happy .
0	Ana and her friends went to a nude beach .	At first they were very self-conscious .	But then they saw that people of all body types were at the beach .	They felt very comfortable after that .	Ana and her friends had a great time !
2	The second one was n't much better .	Gina had 3 books on dolphins from her library .	The first one was n't what she expected .	Gina was getting nervous .	These books were not what she needed at all .
0	Tom needed a new pair of socks .	He was a very frugal man .	He decided to order socks online .	He found a great deal for a large quantity of socks .	He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day .
3	We put the tree house up in a big tree in our backyard .	Daddy brought home a tree house today .	We are going to build it together .	He teaches me how to use the tools .	I played in my tree house all afternoon .
0	Jake had just moved into his college dorm .	He wanted to make his study area as comfortable as possible .	The chair that was in his room was old and stiff .	Jake found a really nice leather computer chair on craigslist .	Jake was able to buy the chair for $ 50 used .
1	He worked hard and is excited to start his new job as a cop .	Jim just graduated from the police academy !	He quickly found out that being a cop is n't what he expected .	He just sits in a car and looks for people to give tickets to .	Jim quickly became bored and turned in his badge .
1	He had nothing else to do for christmas .	Jay went to his friends house for christmas .	He drank and ate a lot of food .	They even gave him gifts	He had a good time
2	It requires a very different type of workout than Chuck 's used to .	Chuck is an amature body builder and is huge !	He wants to switch and become a marathon runner .	He found a program that can help him make the change he wants .	He signed up , made his goals , and got to work .
3	Dan thought he 'd struck oil !	Dan was digging in his yard to put in an extension to his home .	He was n't very deep when his shovel thudded against something hard .	Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air !	When he sniffed the air he realized he 'd struck a sewage pipe .
4	Anna was late to work but at least she got his autograph .	Anna was in a hurry to get to her job in a big city .	Already late , she hurried down the sidewalk .	Unexpectedly she bumped into someone .	That person was a famous actor , and they both apologized .
0	There was this guy named Bob .	Bob loved going to coffee shops and writing in his journal .	Bob decided to write a story about his time in the military .	Bob submitted his story to the green apple publishing company .	Bob 's story was number one on the New York Times bestseller .
0	Ted has a ritual that he follows every night before he goes to bed .	Sometimes , Ted misses a step in his nightly ritual .	On those nights , he tosses and turns and ca n't sleep .	Often , Ted will get back out of be in order to complete the ritual .	Ted has been diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder .
3	Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave .	Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him .	Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid .	One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser .	Jake 's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate .
3	We had orange juice to drink .	Mommy woke up yesterday not feeling well .	Daddy said to play quietly and to let mommy rest .	He made chicken noodle soup and fed everyone .	Mommy woke up the next morning all better .
1	I would climb walls , play sets and especially trees .	When I was little I loved climbing .	The tallest one I climbed was also the scariest .	I fell and broke my arm .	I still climb trees but I 'm more careful about it now .
4	She left the room and closed the door .	The nurse took Jared 's vital signs first .	Then , she asked him to sit on the exam table .	She listened to his heart and lungs .	She told him the doctor would be in shortly .
2	He wondered who was hanging out in the parking lot .	Kevin took his two sons to a park in Hawthorne .	While they played , Kevin heard a car in the parking lot playing Rap .	Kevin walked over to the car and recognized the guy behind the wheel .	It was one of his closest friends from high school smoking in his car .
0	Kate wanted to learn archery .	She joined a club at her university .	She was terrible !	But , she committed to practicing her skills .	Eventually , she became the top archer in her club .
4	It broke in half while trying to use it and which made him sad .	Mel loved candy canes .	He decided to make a large one , one meant to be a cane .	My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese as well .	He tried to then use it as a cane , since he needed one .
2	He asked his girlfriend what she thought .	Lance bought a new lamp .	He was unsure about it .	She did n't like it .	He took it back and got another one instead .
4	The mole was determined to be melanoma which ended her life .	Doris was an elderly woman who was loved by all who knew her .	She liked to sit on her sunny porch every afternoon .	When Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned .	He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy .
0	Sally went to mountains .	Sally decided to go for a walk in the mountains .	Sally saw another little girl on her walk .	Sally talked to the little girl .	Sally and the little girl are now friends .
3	She slid her foot in and felt something strange .	Jennifer found a pair of boots she absolutely loved .	Although they were expensive , she bought them .	When she got them home , she decided to put them on .	She found a baby snake inside the boot .
4	She instantly regretting dying her hair such a strange color .	Jenna decided to dye her hair blue .	Shortly after , she had an interview for a good job .	At the interview , the employer told her he could n't hire her .	Jenna found out it was because of her blue hair .
0	Pedro went to feed his dog , Rufus but could n't find him anywhere .	He looked all over the house and in the yard and asked his parents .	Nobody had seen Rufus anywhere , so Pedro put up signs looking for him .	As he was taping a sign to a telephone pole , he heard a bark .	The barking got closer and closer until Pedro saw Rufus !
0	My brother does our taxes this year .	My wife proofread the returns .	He made a small error .	It cost us $ 50 less in refunds .	We joked about it .
0	When the Anthony reunion invitations went out , everyone came .	All guest arrived the following day .	In the afternoon , everyone went skeet shooting in the woods .	After they ran out of targets , they went back to their camp for lunch .	They remained there for the rest of the day and told stories at night .
4	After cleaning out the fridge , I had to take my trash out to the can .	I returned home with groceries one day after shopping .	I carried my groceries into the house and put them on the counter .	I opened my fridge , and noticed there was no room for my groceries .	I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items .
2	She decided she would call her friend Kim .	Amy had been avoiding her friends all day .	Now she was sitting on the porch enjoying the fall sun .	Just then she saw Kim walking up the block .	Kim was shocked to see Amy run to greet her smiling .
2	It always had its blinds down .	Patty was selling Girl Scout cookies in her neighborhood .	She rang the doorbell of the strange house on the corner .	A very large woman came to the door .	Patty was sad to learn she had already purchased one hundred boxes !
2	There was always plenty of sand but no water .	Paul dreamed of seeing the ocean .	He spent his whole life in Arizona .	After graduating High School he applied for , & received , a job in L A .	Today Paul goes to the beach daily .
3	The students were banned from field trips .	The teacher took her students on a field trip .	They misbehaved .	When they returned to school , they all received detention .	Their parents were mad .
3	When the dismissal bell rung , he held the class .	The class was talking at a high volume .	The teacher got mad and decided to yell at everyone .	He told us to stop talking although the talking continued .	Everyone was late to their next class .
4	The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile .	Beth 's grandfather was in the hospital .	She went to visit him .	When she got bored she went to the gift shop .	Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar .
3	He wo n't come out until the storms pass .	My big dog is so afraid of storms .	He can sense them well before I can .	He whimpers and hides in his cage .	As soon as they are over , he is always so happy !
3	Embarrassed , he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on .	Simon had a bad habit of procrastinating when it came to laundry .	One morning , he realized he had nothing clean to wear .	He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work .	He tried to avoid colleagues , knowing he 'd never ignore laundry again .
0	My daughter asked me to take her to the circus .	I said no because I am afraid of clowns .	She got angry and went up to her room .	At dinnertime , she came downstairs dressed in a clown suit .	I grounded her .
0	My tire went flat on the freeway .	I pulled over to change it .	I could n't find the spare .	Luckily I had my cell phone .	I called triple A and they came and helped me back on the road .
3	He takes many pictures of it .	Jason takes a trip to Maine .	He drive to the famous lighthouse in Cape Elizabeth .	He finds it very beautiful .	Jason drives home after his trip .
3	We all picked the same toppings .	I had lunch with my coworkers today .	We got some fast food	Everyone ordered a hamburger .	It was weird but interesting .
4	It was only later an optometrist discovered Suzie was colorblind .	Suzie drew scattered lines across the paper , seemingly randomly .	Her grandmother tried to engage her in conversation .	She asked Suzie what her most favorite color was .	Suzie thought for a moment , and said she loved them all .
4	She felt a lot better after eating and was thankful for Sally 's visit .	Bianca had a very bad cold .	She texted her friend Sally to tell her about it .	Sally came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup .	Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup .
2	The rich man said he 'd pay the beggar to tell him a story .	A better stood on the street looking for money .	A rich man accosted the beggar .	The beggar told him tales of his travels and woes .	The rich man gave him 23 cents and walked on .
4	I made a delicious smoothie and drank it .	I tried to give up soda .	I bought a lot of fruit to make smoothies with .	I put the fruit on the counter .	I turned on the blender and put the fruit inside of it .
2	She combed out his fur , and started cutting .	Barb wanted to become a hair stylist .	She decided to practice on her dog .	To even out her mistakes , she had to cut even more .	When Barb 's husband came home , the dog had bald spots .
4	It can only hold two games at a time right now .	I like to repair old computers .	I have a tower from the 1990 's .	I use it for playing old CD-ROM games .	I will need to upgrade its memory next .
2	The customer received his food within several minutes and ate it .	The chef was cooking several beef strips .	Since the customer requested medium rare beef , it was n't cooked much .	The next day , he caught food poisoning .	He threw up constantly and had a stomach ache .
3	It is really cute and playful .	My kids always wanted a dog .	Finally we decided to get one last week .	We picked a rescue from the local pound .	So far I 've been playing with it most .
1	He booked a flight to the Middle East .	Tim was a fan of history .	Tim joyously explored all the ancient sites to be found there .	A publisher took notice and offered him a book deal .	Tim 's making a lot of money from writing about what he loves now .
3	I showed the mole to my doctor after he came to get me .	I schedule a doctor 's appointment to remove a mole .	I walked into the lobby of the small practice .	I waited patiently for my name to be called .	He snipped the mole off in no time .
1	Wayne 's sister , Wanda killed Joe .	Joe killed Wayne .	Joe 's sister , Jane , killed Wanda .	Jane was arrested for murder and sentenced to 25 years .	But Wanda 's cousin shanked her to death in the shower .
2	He would even study all night .	Michael wanted to earn good grades .	He would study all day .	The day of his exam soon came .	He still failed his exam .
2	He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink .	Henry could n't wait for Sunday nights when his favorite show was on .	He finished all his chores after dinner so he could watch it .	Just then the power went out .	Henry did n't get to watch the show after all .
4	They watched as a wrecking ball slammed into the church .	Gina could n't sleep due to a loud noise .	She went outside to find out what the sound was .	A church across the street was being demolished .	Gina and her family gathered in the front yard .
0	Sam loved Halloween	He started working on his costume early .	he spent a lot of time perfecting it .	Halloween night he wore it proudly .	Everyone loved it and gave him compliments .
0	Cindy was mad at her puppy .	It ruined her couch .	And it damaged her coffee table .	But Cindy realized it was her fault .	She did n't train it properly .
2	Jack flashed his money and his jewlery .	Jack was a careless man .	He always showed everyone all that he had .	One day , Jack was followed home .	Careless Jack is now a dead man , and his fate was sad .
0	I took my sons to their first concert .	We had great seats down front in the second row	The guitar tech came out to do a sound check .	He played a chord and it blasted out of the speakers in front of us .	My sons decided they would rather go out and sit on the lawn .
2	And as she approached the on-ramp signal stood red .	Gina was getting on the highway .	She could see the traffic was barely moving .	Gina sat at the red light for 2 minutes before getting a green one .	Finally she was able to get on the highway to drive home .
4	He found his seat and grew excited , anticipating the opening kick off .	In keeping with his tradition , Taylor ate 3 over everything .	The last time he did it , the home team had won the championship .	So he had 3 double cheeseburgers , large fries , and drinks .	After eating , he made his way to the stadium .
3	After he was all dressed up , he was ready to go play baseball .	Kyle was going to learn how to play baseball today .	He got all his baseball gear ready .	He put on his baseball uniform and fitted his mitt .	Kyle 's mom drove him to baseball practice .
3	They danced all night long .	Geena has a bunch of glow sticks .	Her friend Tom said they should have a party .	She decided to bring the glow sticks to the party .	It was a great party .
1	I put a large book on the surface and the table suddenly collapsed .	I was sitting at my computer desk one day .	I grabbed my tools and worked hard on fixing it .	I began to put the desk together and it looked very good .	I put the book on my desk and went back to work .
0	Ed was down to his last $ 5 .	As he was walking down the street he saw something on the ground .	It was a lottery ticket .	He scratched it off hoping his luck was changing .	He won $ 10,000 on the spot !
2	I was horrified .	I stupidly decided to take off my screen protector yesterday .	As a result , it ended up breaking .	Then I remembered I could buy the protector for cheap .	I then decided to buy another one .
3	Instead , he hunkered down in his basement .	Ed lived in Kansas .	He heard the local news warn of an impending tornado .	Thinking the warning was an overreaction , Ed did n't evacuate .	Ed was lucky to live , as the tornado destroyed his entire house .
2	The Yankees were his favorite team year after year .	Ray had been a fan since he was a kid .	Every chance he got he would try and catch a game .	Even when they were bad he still cheered for them .	This is why he has die hard Yankees fan tattooed on his shoulder .
2	So he tried another one , by they did n't deliver .	Noah was hungry , and he really wanted pizza .	He called up a pizzeria , but their driver was sick !	He tried a third , but they had closed early that night !	Finally Noah bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !
3	It was hard work for very little pay .	Jon worked for minimum wage .	He decided to find a better job .	He was offered a programming apprenticeship in Saint Louis .	Eventually , he finished his apprenticeship and became a programmer .
3	She bought him a robotic puppy to play with .	Lenore knew her son Tim wanted a puppy for Christmas .	But Tim was only 4 and not responsible yet .	Finally Lenore thought of a great solution .	Tim loved his new puppy so much , he almost cried !
4	Then she crept out of his room quietly .	Fig 's little brother was scared to sleep alone .	Fig decided to help him out .	She went into his room and read to him .	She read three chapters , until his eyes closed .
3	She realized that she could n't find it .	Katie and John were playing a board game .	They had made it more than halfway through the game .	Then , Katie needed a specific card for her turn .	Instead , they used a card from a different game .
1	They were headed to Mexico .	The family packed their belongings and started to depart on their trip .	On the way there they stopped near the border .	A border patrol officer checked their documents .	They were able to safely make it to their designation in Mexico City .
1	Suddenly there was a loud metallic crash !	My kitten , Scramble , began playing in the kitchen .	She had jumped onto a bag of aluminum cans I was saving for recycling .	The bag was not closed properly and cans went flying everywhere .	Scramble ran into the living room and hid under the couch .
1	Suddenly he realized that he was lost .	Chris was out hiking at night .	Chris wandered around looking for a way out of the woods .	He could not find one .	Chris was forced to sleep on the forest floor until morning came .
4	There were a dozen valentines stuffed into her locker !	Ada 's school was passing out Valentines .	She was sad because she doubted she 'd get any .	But as she made her way to her locker , her eyes widened .	She could hardly believe what she saw .
4	Now a college teacher , Jes encourages other older , returning students .	Jes was 49 when she pursued her lifelong dream of finishing college .	Though working full-time , she attended online classes at night .	Sometimes , it was so exhausting , she thought of giving up .	Jes persevered , and after two years , earned her teaching degree .
1	She called her friend , who was really upset .	Dorothy realized that she had forgotten her friend 's birthday .	She apologized profusely .	Then , she wished her a happy birthday .	Her friend forgave her and thanked her .
4	Zach has to pay Troy $ 100 for the wager that he made .	Zach told Troy he would never be able to drive a ball over 300 yards .	Troy decided that Zach did n't know what he was talking about .	Troy practiced hard on his driving techniques .	Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards .
1	The owner of the insurance office died of pancreatic cancer .	Angela used to work for an insurance office but the office closed .	Angela had to look for a new job .	Looking for a job was n't as easy as it had been when she was younger .	No matter how hard she tried she could n't get an interview .
3	So she searched her dad 's wallet .	Sally needed quarters .	She had to fill a small tube for her school to give to charity .	However they were out of quarters at home .	And then she put a 20 dollar bill in the tube .
2	So , the kids walked all over him .	When I was in high school we had a substitute teacher .	The guy was not used to dealing with kids .	I could tell the substitute was overwhelmed after a few days .	So , I was not surprised when he quit .
3	When Marty went to the store the angel was already gone .	Marty always liked Christmas time because she collects angels .	One day Marty saw a pretty angel in a store window .	She had an appointment and could not buy it right then .	To Marty 's surprise her son bought the angel to give her as a gift .
0	Laura went to a video rental store .	But every year , she noticed fewer and fewer people there .	Laura asked the owner about the falling popularity .	The owner told her that most people use online rental services now .	Laura no longer went to the video rental store .
0	I found out that I have mild hypertension .	I decided to turn my health around .	I began watching my macronutrients and intake .	I also began working out .	Six months later I was at goal weight , and no hypertension !
4	Since I was in the living room , I only heard a large thud .	My mom was trying to reach for the remote on the desk .	She stretched her arms out in order to reach it .	However , the rest of her body fell out of the bed .	She landed on the ground .
3	He loved the Orangutans the most .	Bill visited the local zoo .	He enjoyed seeing the monkeys the most .	He teased them and the monkeys responded to him .	He told his friends about the zoo and brought them there later .
1	There was a roller derby match going on .	Janie 's sister asked her family to meet her at the arena .	When they got there , her sister was n't at the seats .	When the match started , they realized her sister was in the derby .	She had been accepted on the team but had n't told anyone .
4	He smiled as he enjoyed the music .	Tom loved music .	He would always listen to music .	One day he went for a walk with his boom box .	His neighbors looked at him .
4	I called the restaurant and luckily they gave me 2 free pizzas !	I ordered a pizza .	The order was fairly simple and I did not expect a mix up .	However , when my pizza arrived , it had no toppings .	It was just a plain cheese pizza .
3	Lucy gave Bob some medicine that she use to take .	Bob is extremely sick and thinks he has the flu .	He has called in sick to work two days in a row .	He keeps vomiting and coughing .	Within hours Bob started feeling better .
3	Gwen felt proud of herself for teaching something valuable .	Gwen sat down to teach her son how to use scissors .	The little boy fumbled with the new tool .	After a while , he caught on and cut straight lines .	The next day , Gwen found straight lines cut in her drapes .
0	Trevor went to the lake one day to fish .	Trevor sat down by the lake and threw out a fishing line .	While waiting , Trevor felt a strong tug .	He tried to fight back , but the pole was yanked into the water .	Trevor was forced to go home after he lost his fishing pole .
3	She began cooking the Turkey the night before Thanksgiving .	This year , Jody would be cooking Thanksgiving dinner by herself .	She gathered all of her recipes and made a grocery list .	She went to the store to buy all of the ingredients for the dishes .	She cooked the remaining dishes on Thursday , and everything was great !
0	Ro loved her favorite blue sweater .	She wore it everywhere .	Then one day she snagged the arm on a nail .	The sweater ripped !	Luckily , Ro 's mom was able to fix it .
2	We saw the Liberty Bell .	We visited Philadelphia in 2005 .	We took the train from Boston .	We took selfies with the Rocky statue .	We had scrapple and took the train home .
4	His mother was so furious she locked the Nintendo in her car trunk .	Alex was bored in his room while he was grounded .	His dad was at work , and his mother was in her garden out front .	He decided he would sneak and play Nintendo .	He did n't hear his mother come in the back door .
0	Luke decided it was time to get a haircut .	He called around to some local barbers .	Luke rode his bike to the barbershop .	He got his haircut very close and short .	Luke looks like a new person !
4	So soccer practice was only half as long .	David had soccer practice in the morning .	But he quickly noticed the weather getting hotter .	When he arrived at soccer practice , it was over 100 degrees .	The coach heard there was a heat warning .
3	She decided to splurge on a big order of delivery Chinese food .	Joan was hungry , but there was nothing good to eat in the house .	She had to decide whether to go to the grocery store or order food in .	She remembered she had just gotten a big bonus at work .	She ate and enjoyed her chicken with broccoli and fried rice .
0	Ida was working in a department store .	One day she saw a lost toddler crying in the corner .	Ida approached him and comforted him .	Then she led him to the front of the store .	There , she paged the boy 's mother .
1	They only had high efficiency washers which Kay did n't really like .	Kay was at the laundromat washing her clothes .	Since she had no choice she washed her clothes in the washers .	When she returned home her clothes smelled sour .	The high efficiency washer needed to be cleaned and ruined her wash .
1	He wished the moment would last forever .	Tim was having a fun time with his friends .	However he knew that it would n't .	He had an idea .	He bought a camera to capture all of the memories .
0	There was ten feet of snow outside .	It was impossible to open to door .	I pushed and shoved to no avail .	I had to wait a week for the snow to melt .	In all that time I was unable to check my mail .
2	She was told she would be working in the stockroom .	Amy had a new job at Marshall 's	She was excited to find out what her duties were .	She was to take things out of boxes to put on the floor .	Amy was happy her job seemed like it would be easy .
4	When she was was three months in she was fluent .	Kelly and her family moved abroad .	She did n't know a word of the local language .	She had to teach herself everyday .	Thankfully she learned within a few months .
2	Dan was captivated by the dancers .	Dan bought a ticket to a dance in Estonia .	He 'd never been to one before .	He was thrilled by the show .	Dan started going to performances every chance he got .
1	He decided to blow off some steam when he got off .	Rick had had a long and miserable day at work .	He went home and changed his clothes , then went to the bar .	Rick had a few drinks and felt very relaxed .	Rick took a cab home and got a good night 's rest .
3	After enough time Hannah became scared to leave him .	Hannah enjoyed her second serious relationship for a while .	Then it became apparent that her boyfriend was manipulative .	He tried to control what she did , wore , and who she saw .	However , she eventually had the strength to move on .
2	One day , she forgot to close a window .	Wendy owned a little kitten .	She only had her for a few months .	Her kitten squeezed through the window and escaped .	Wendy looked and looked but never found her lost kitten .
3	The man decided to throw a punch at Jim .	Jim was talking to this lady he met at the bar .	Some man stood in front of them and was trying to steal her .	Jim got up and argued with him .	They ended up fighting .
0	Today I drove to the library in order to meet up with my group .	I ran into Sarah and Lucy who were apart of my group .	We waited for several of our other group members to come .	After everyone came , I presented first .	I spoke about domestic violence .
4	He began learning tricks and skating like a professional !	Tyler bought himself a skateboard .	He began practicing .	He was eager to learn how to ride it .	Soon he had mastered the art .
1	She took her seat and worked on her homework .	Gina arrived early to detention .	The teacher kept an eye out for her usual misbehavior .	Gina was determined to prove she had changed .	She focused on her schoolwork and avoided trouble the whole time .
2	Cindy knew there were hungry groundhogs in the area .	Cindy was planning to grow a lot of vegetables this year .	She planted vegetable seedlings in her garden .	She put up a short fence around her garden to protect it .	The groundhogs climbed over the fence and ate her seedlings .
2	If I was single , I would have tried to get a coffee with her !	I went to get bagels at the coffee shop .	There was a really pretty girl there too .	Instead , I ordered my bagels to go .	I went home to my pathetic life .
2	She was a tenured faculty member from the start .	Sarah joined the department last year .	She did n't need to prove herself at all .	Sarah taught with all her heart and skill .	In only a year , she 'd become one of the most beloved professors .
2	Matthew 's mom suggested Mathew try calling Jack .	Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah .	Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins .	Jack agreed to trick or treat with Matthew .	Jack and Matthew collected lots of candy .
2	Yesterday , when Nancy got home the dog did n't have the toy .	Nancy bought her dog a squeaky stuffed animal .	The dog loved it and carried it around constantly for days .	She looked around and saw white stuffing all over the floor .	The dog had ripped the toy to shreds .
4	Fortunately , my dad was able to bounce back .	My father just got laid off from work .	This was weird for me because I never saw my Dad so depress .	He just filled out job applications and stared at his computer	Things seemed hopeless for a little while .
2	He decided to some pretzels as a snack .	Jake was feeling really tired .	His blood sugar levels were getting a bit low .	He felt immediately better after eating .	Jake was able to continue working after his snack .
1	He passively watched many tutorials .	A man desired to learn how to build websites .	He read many books and forums , but did not feel he was improving .	He rotely followed the commands of the tutorials .	Upon simply trying to build websites from scratch , he improved .
3	Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone .	Ora was visiting Ireland with her family .	They decided to visit the Blarney Stone .	They took a bus to the site .	Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck !
0	Tina wanted to go on a date with brian .	He finally asked her out .	When he got to her place his car broke down .	Tina had a great idea .	They ended up having a wonderful night watching movies at home .
0	Jim gained weight after eating poorly .	He tried to put a belt on but it would not fit .	He took out a hole punch and punched new holes in his belt .	Jim put on the new belt for a test fit .	He was pleased with how the bigger belt fit .
3	I brought it to the clerk and bought it .	I was inside of a comic shop .	I saw a bunch of interesting stories and artwork .	I saw one that really caught my eye .	I went home and read it , and really liked it .
2	I cut myself !	My friends bought me a gift .	I used a knife to open the case .	I had to go to the hospital for medical aid .	I learned to be more careful with knives .
1	They decided to perform an old rock song .	Henry and his band decided to enter the school talent show .	They practiced every day after school .	They wore costumes and choreographed a routine .	Henry 's band won first place .
0	Jim drove to the flea market for a special shoe sale .	He bought 100 dollars for the occasion .	When he entered the flea market , he noticed everything was 50 % off .	Jim felt excited and rushed to check out the selection .	He happily walked out after buying three colorful pairs of shoes .
3	An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim .	Jim was in a hurry to return his book to the library .	He drove his car to a stop sign .	Since he saw no one coming , he rolled through it .	Jim felt guilty and sped away from the old man .
1	But her mother was sitting in the living room near the purse .	Gina had to secretly put her mom 's house key back in her purse .	Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom .	When her mom went to the bathroom Gina sprung into action .	She put the key back on the chain , and ran downstairs to her room .
3	But the bubble burst and now he was scoring crack .	He stuck out like sore thumb in this neighborhood and he knew it .	Once upon a time he was rich .	He hosted parties with lines of the finest cocaine .	As the undercover cop busted him , he felt strangely relieved .
0	Tim got nervous when he could n't find his wallet .	He looked all around his office , to no avail .	He borrowed money from a friend for lunch .	He left work early and went home to search .	He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed .
0	Missy was going on a flight with her family .	They were about to board when an attendant approached them .	She let them know that first class seats had become available .	Missy and her family were thrilled and took the seats .	The whole flight was awesome .
4	Alex got to ride home in his new seat .	Alex was starting to outgrow his car seat .	His mom took him to the store and bought him a booster seat .	He was really excited to get to sit in it .	His mom installed it right away .
2	This morning though , she realized she had a test .	Last night Stacey was all up having fun .	She had all her friends over .	Stacey freaked out .	She knew she would not do well .
4	However , he decided to work out his legs to stay in shape .	Billy loved being active .	He did fifty push ups a day .	Until one day he hurt his arm .	He was very sad .
0	I was driving with my dad the other day .	He 's a very safe driver .	Before we start the care , he makes sure I buckle myself in .	One day another car hit us while we were driving .	I 'm glad i was wearing a seat belt .
2	They all told her that he was a sexist jerk .	Melissa had a crush on a boy she had met .	She was talking to her friends about it and they knew of him .	She confronted him about it and he said that it was n't true .	She trusted him , and soon he had proven that it was true .
3	When Dan balked , his cousin called him a chicken .	Dan followed his older cousin around like a shadow .	When the cousin went to the swimming hole , Dan followed .	The cousin dared Dan to dive from a high overhanging rock .	Dan told his mom , who knew a boy had died diving from the rock .
0	My wife told me I had to throw out my old tap shoes .	I dug them out of the closet and tossed them in the trash .	I was sad all day long .	In the middle of the night I retrieved them .	I went out to the driveway for one last dance .
4	Kim was awarded the blue ribbon for her amazing pie skills .	Kim was in a pie making contest at the county fair .	She wanted to win so she spent weeks practicing .	At the time of the contest she felt prepared .	One the contest started she got right to work .
2	Mr Johnson decided to take his family out for a walk .	It had been raining all week long .	The Johnson were dismayed about the bad timing .	He borrowed some rain gear and got everyone motivated .	They walked through parks and forests in the rain .
2	The children laughed at the silly show .	The puppeteer was hired for the child 's birthday party .	He unpacked his puppets from the suitcase .	They requested he perform another show .	Many parents at the party hired him for future parties .
1	She now lived no where near the beach .	Tara used to live next to the beach as a kid .	She drove a hour to get to the beach every weekend .	She decided to move closer to the beach .	She now only drive 5 minutes to get to the beach .
3	Suddenly , Sophia had the ball and decided to try for a goal .	Sophia was on a soccer team .	They were in the middle of a game .	The team had been losing and the game was almost over .	She made the shot and her team gained enough points to win .
2	She pushed open a set of large double doors .	Lucy was lost in the basement of her grandmother 's church .	The large old church was like a maze .	To her relief there were ushers in the church 's kitchen .	A kind usher gave her a sucker , and took her back to Sunday school .
1	He decided to mow lawns in the neighborhood to make money .	Jerry wanted money for a new video game .	He made enough money to buy three games !	He bought the game that he wanted and saved the rest of the money .	He still mows lawns and can always buy the next game !
4	Finding herself circling back home , Joan saw the map was upside down .	Joan bought a folded map to guide her on a car trip .	She traced the route in red and put the map in her car .	Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove .	She glanced at the map and followed the red-lined route .
3	A fire was quickly born that consumed the tiny building .	Bolt after bolt of lightning struck the castle .	A brilliant silver streak struck the thatched roof of the barn .	The dry hay began to smoke and crackle with smoke .	If it were not checked it would consume the entire castle .
3	I carefully approached the goat as my Aunt snapped pictures .	When I was a teenager , I took a trip to visit family in England .	My Aunt took me to a historic town with lots of farmland .	I saw a friendly-looking goat , and wanted my picture taken with it .	There was only one keeper , but I made it my Facebook photo !
3	After Years of trying to meet another man , she lost hope .	Juanita had been single ever since her husband died .	She had always hoped to fall in love again .	She tried meeting a man through classified ads and online .	Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life .
4	Dan had a great time dancing to his favorite song at the club .	Dan wanted to go dancing .	Dan decided he would go to a local night club .	After finding something to wear , Dan drove to the club .	Once there , Dan requested his favorite song be played .
2	While waiting to go in , she had a special feeling in her belly .	Karen had been trying to get pregnant for over a year .	She finally made an appointment with the doctor .	When the doctor finished his check up , he gave her a big smile .	He told her the news that she was indeed pregnant !
1	As he turned , he turned the wheel into the other direction strongly .	Benny 's car was about to come across a merged lane .	However , the wheel ended up locked in the process .	As he was trying to unlock the wheel , the car flipped over .	Luckily , Benny came out safe .
0	Joe and Susie have been trying to have a baby for several Year 's .	Today Susie found out she was finally pregnant .	She wanted to make the announcement to Joe very special .	She prepared his favorite meal and wrapped a baby bottle up as a gift .	When Joe opened his gift they celebrated their pregnancy together !
3	Amy tried to keep cool , but she still ended up sweating .	Amy was going to a party .	She spent 45 minutes applying her makeup perfectly .	The party was outside and it was a hot summer night .	Amy was horrified when she looked in a mirror to see her makeup melted
3	Cassie was the town 's prettiest girl .	Jason had been waiting for the county fair all year .	He knew that this year , the fair would have a special game .	The winner of the game would get a date with Cassie .	Jason played the game , but he ended up losing .
2	I told Fred 's wife about how Fred said she is spoiled .	I talked to my friend Fred 's wife today .	I asked for Fred but he was not home .	She kiddingly said he is the spoiled one .	We had some small talk before saying goodbye .
0	The homeless man found a dollar on the ground .	He bought a lottery ticket with the money .	He scratched off his ticket and saw the numbers .	He won $ 30,000 !	He saved his money towards an apartment .
3	She found Tina holding the cat under the faucet .	Tina 's cat narrowly escaped a car accident .	Tina 's mom told her that cats have nine lives .	Later , Tina 's mom heard a howl from the cat .	Tina said she was seeing how many lives the cat had left .
0	It was a hot day out and Jake was running errands outside .	He saw an ice cream store and decided to step in to cool down .	He bought a large waffle cone with two scoops of ice cream .	As he was about to eat the top scoop of ice cream fell .	Jake was sad about his loss and ate the rest of his cone .
2	She appealed to the Syrian rebels for help .	ISIS kidnapped a woman 's five year-old son .	The woman was sad .	The Syrian rebels found her son in a Daesh camp .	The rebels freed the woman 's son from the camp .
2	After finishing the painting , Will spilled a drink on it .	Will entered into an art competition .	He went home and worked hard on a painting .	He decided to coffee stain the piece to hide the stain .	When he entered the painting , he did very well and won second place .
3	The first thing he did was started to shout at his mom .	When Henry 's mom came home , she started to arrange the house .	In addition , she ended up moving Henry 's homework .	He became extremely furious when he could n't find it .	She felt bad although it was her fault for misplacing the homework .
1	On the third morning the house caught on fire .	Skip 's family rented a beach house in Florida for a week .	The local fire department worked hard to put out the fire quickly .	Unfortunately , the entire beach house collapsed from the damage .	Skip 's family was sad the vacation had to end so soon .
2	Andrew did n't have enough money to buy a ticket .	Andrew had a favorite band .	His favorite band was coming to town to play a concert in a few weeks .	He worked really hard doing chores at home to earn some money .	Finally , Andrew saved up enough money so that he could buy the ticket !
1	But her neighbors were having a loud party .	Cindy was tired .	The party seemed to go on forever .	At 3 AM , Cindy called the police to complain .	But minutes later , the party stopped .
3	I bought up all the properties I could and put hotels on them .	I played Monopoly with my kids last night .	I am very competitive , so I did n't go easy on them .	It did n't take long for me to beat them all .	In the end , I bankrupted everyone .
2	When Tammy grew up she left the farm and went to college .	Tammy loved to ride horses as a child .	Her favorite horse to ride was Bongo .	Tammy really missed riding her favorite horse Bongo .	When Tammy came home she took Bongo out for a ride .
1	The police showed up in an alley where he and some friends exercised .	Anthony had been in trouble before , but nothing like this .	Two officers said three boys beat up on one guy earlier today .	The cops said Anthony and his two friends did the beating .	It was n't true , but Anthony still went to jail for an assault charge .
0	Sarah liked a guy named Saul .	She liked him no matter what he did .	Her friend Nate warned him about Saul 's bad traits .	One day Saul cheated on Sarah and hurt her .	Now she likes Nate for she is not a child anymore .
0	Lily came home from work .	When she walked in the house she smelled something good .	It was freshly baked cookies .	Lily was so happy .	She went in the kitchen and ate many of them .
3	Amy managed to paddle several miles .	Amy was on a canoe trip .	She pushed her canoe off the river bank .	Then she jumped in and paddled .	She was very satisfied with her day 's journey !
3	They cashed Ed 's check for him .	Ed had just received his first paycheck .	But he had no bank account !	He had to go to a check cashing service .	But they took a ten percent fee !
3	Then she found her seat .	As Sue got on the plane , she began to get nervous .	Her heart raced and her palms got sweaty .	She almost turned back .	She took a deep breath and prepared for take off .
4	They talked about their daily lives on the table .	The electricity around the neighborhood turned off .	Nancy searched for candles inside of her house .	She managed to find a few .	Her neighbors came over to help her cook some food .
1	He thought it would be a lot of fun .	While in Brazil , John want to see the banana plantations .	HE paid a tour guide for a tour .	On the way he saw the shacks that the workers lived in .	John realized the banana industry was n't as much fun as he thought .
0	Amy and a co-worker were on their lunch break .	The co-worker took Amy to get frozen yogurt .	It was Amy 's first time trying frozen yogurt .	She was surprised how much it was like Ice Cream .	Amy told all her friends to try it when they were downtown .
0	My husband and I have been itching bug bites like crazy .	We could n't figure out what it was from .	Then we got a flea collar for the cat .	After a few days our bites went away .	We have n't been bitten since .
1	She was nervous about meeting a new teacher .	Karen was going to first grade .	When she went to school , she was very scared .	Karen 's teacher turned out to be very nice .	Karen was excited about this year of school .
1	When he arrived he noticed the friend was n't there .	Mitch went to the art gallery to look at a friend 's artwork .	He waited for three hours and his friend never showed up .	Mitch decided to call his friend and find out what happened .	Mitch 's friend was at another art gallery and they both laughed .
4	Danny tried to clean the couch with several chemical agents .	Danny tried to make his dog pee outside .	As the dog was walking , it did n't stop anywhere .	On the other hand , it ended up peeing inside Danny 's house .	The couch was soaked with urine .
0	Sally wanted to move to a new city .	She needed to find a roommate in order to live comfortably .	She put up advertisements online .	She found another girl of similar age interested .	They got coffee together and signed the lease that day .
0	Audrey had been writing his novel for months , but could n't finish it .	A friend in college said he needed spiritual enlightenment .	Audrey prayed and meditated and then sat down to write .	He felt inspired and hyper-focused on the task .	In a few hours , Audrey finished the first draft of his novel .
1	Instead of hitting the ball , she threw the bat .	Miguel threw a pitch at salley .	The audience had to move to the side to avoid the hit .	The official sent her out of the game .	Overall , she felt embarrassed .
3	Not long after that , she found the queen of hearts .	Maria always found cards when she went walking on the streets of NYC .	They were old playing cards , such as the 2 of clubs , or 3 of spades .	One day she found the king of hearts .	This made Maria very happy , as she felt it was a good sign !
3	Jane 's husband missed his putt and double bogeyed the hole .	Jane really did not like golf .	Nevertheless , here she was with her husband at the sixth hole .	Getting bored , Jane bet her husband that he would miss his putt .	Her husband told Jane that she did not need to attend the next outing .
2	He went to rehab and worked very hard .	My son plays hockey for his college .	During one game , he injured his shoulder .	The injury started to heal .	Because of his hard work , he can play in two weeks .
1	He went through many options .	Herman needed money .	Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan .	Herman took the loan .	Herman now has enough money for his task .
2	They spent the entire day learning new skill moves and having fun .	Sharon 's family rented a cabin to go skiing .	They left the cabin in the morning and bought their ski tickets .	They then had dinner at a nearby lodge .	They went back to the cabin and went to sleep .
3	Thankfully , the aircraft was unscathed and they landed safely .	Barbara boarded the plane , drumming her fingers nervously on her bag .	She was agitated by the upcoming meeting at company headquarters .	Once aloft , the plane was rocked by severe turbulence , causing panic .	Barbara felt reborn and was n't nervous about her meeting anymore .
0	Last week I bought a new keyboard for my iPad .	It was backlit and I thought it was perfect .	However to my surprise when I got it I never used it .	I just started using my virtual keyboard .	It ended up being a waste of money .
1	But he realizes that he ca n't find his wallet .	Bob gets ready to leave .	After searching his entire house he still ca n't find it .	He calls the police to see if anybody has turned it in .	Bob is relieved when the officer tells him his wallet had been found .
0	A bank manager stood in his office reading reports .	He became so bored with his work that he yawned .	He stood up from his desk to get a break from his work .	He walked to the window and watched people come into his bank .	When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk .
2	As the game started , it was great that the Red Sox were winning .	Jason and his friends entered Fenway Park excited for their first game	The boys had great seats in the Luxury box .	Jason and his friends cheered .	When the Sox won at the end , Jason was elated .
0	My mom told me that she did n't have any money to buy food .	Considering that I 'm on a budget , I searched the house for food .	I ran into a can of ravioli .	I heated the ravioli for 2-3 minutes before eating it .	Afterwards , I decided to go to bed .
1	He invited her over to celebrate the holiday .	Rodney had gotten his friend a great Christmas gift .	After a nice dinner , he handed her her gift .	She unwrapped her new sweater and squealed with delight .	It was a fuzzy new sweater , and she loved it !
2	Finally he earned enough money .	George has been saving up for a new bike .	He worked every day mowing lawns .	He went to the store to get his bike .	Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike .
2	He put it on the shelf anyway .	While stocking soda at his restaurant , Ed dropped a bottle of Coke .	It did not burst open , but was shaken up very badly .	The next customer in the store grabbed that coke for his meal .	He opened it and Coke went everywhere and he was mad .
0	AJ grew up eating bologna sandwiches .	Every single day he had one .	He once went to a nice Italian restaurant with his family .	He decided he would order a pasta with a nice bolognese sauce .	He was surprised that bolognese was not a fancy way to say bologna .
3	Finally they all agreed to just spend the day relaxing on the beach .	Robbie was on vacation with his friends .	It was their last day and they were deciding what to do .	They could not figure out which attraction they wanted to visit .	Everybody had a wonderful time relaxing and getting tanned !
4	The Miller family celebrated with a cookout .	The Miller family bought a new house .	The moving truck pulled up with all their old stuff .	They started unpacking all their things .	They relaxed after a long day .
0	Everywhere I looked for textbooks they were super expensive .	It was frustrating because I wanted to buy a cheap book .	All of the book stores were selling them for over a hundred dollars .	Finally yesterday I saw a book on Amazon for four dollars .	I immediately scooped it up and was thankful it was cheap .
1	One night my mom told me that we were moving in with her boyfriend .	We had been staying with my aunt and uncle .	I cried until my nose bled .	My grandparents called to talk to my mom .	She moved in with him and I moved in with my grandparents .
4	Jack wished he had placed his book in a better spot .	Jack bought a new book yesterday .	He placed the book on the couch when he got home from the bookstore .	Jack did n't see his dog in the living room .	When Jack went to lunch , his dog tore the book apart .
3	Afterwards she would work on her report .	Gina 's cousin Lucy was at her house visiting .	Gina had a report for school she needed to finish .	She decided she would only spend an hour with Lucy .	Three hours later , Gina was outside playing with Lucy .
3	Just before they got to the priest , a dog tackled Tabatha .	Clint and Tabatha walked the aisle , preparing for what was to come .	Everything was perfect .	The weather , the location , the people , all perfect .	Her perfect day was ruined .
1	He wanted one , but he just could n't afford it .	Bret knew tie dye shirts were in style .	Then he asked his mom for help .	His mom went to work with rubber bands and dye .	She made him a better tie dye shirt than any in stores !
2	She was playing in the yard when a car pulled up .	Lucy was staying at her grandparents for the summer .	There were no other kids on their block .	Out jumped the neighbors granddaughter .	Lucy was happy to have someone to play with again .
1	After the snow stopped Mike went to snow blow .	There was a huge snow storm last year .	He noticed his old neighbor was shoveling .	He went over and snowblowed for him .	The old man was so thankful for the help .
2	Her siblings found out why she was in trouble .	Gina 's mom caught her yelling out the window on the 2nd floor .	Her mother grounded her to her room .	They thought the yelling out the window sounded fun .	They opened the screen and began throwing things outside .
3	They brought sandwiches and pie .	The Smiths went on a family picnic .	They went to a nearby park .	The park was near a lake .	After a few hours , the Smiths went home .
4	Bo turned around a knocked out his friend and ran away .	Bo found a bag of money on a park bench and held it close .	He saw his friend emerge from a behind a tree to greet him .	Bo ran from his friend to keep the money secret .	The friend ran after Bo .
1	They watched a movie together .	Amanda had a sleepover with her friends .	Things seemed boring and quiet .	Amanda decided to surprise her friends with popcorn .	The girls were happy and thankful .
1	So joey proposed a bet	Joey knew he was better at basketball than Jeff	100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game	Joey and Jeff battled it out for the money	Jeff beats Joey and Joey Loses the bet
2	We talked for hours about how we 've been .	I saw an old friend today .	We had not seen each other in a long while .	It was so nice to see my friend .	I ca n't wait for the next time we are able to catch up .
4	Now Ella has a home and my son is so happy .	My son wanted to get a puppy .	We went to the pound to look for one .	We adopted a beautiful lab .	We named her Ella .
3	Candice did not want to go for coffee .	Jamie and Candice were going on a date .	They could not decide what to do .	Jamie did not want to go to a movie .	Finally , they settled on ice cream !
1	They were so excited to be there .	Tegan just arrived at Disneyland with his two daughters .	As soon as they entered the park the youngest girl ran away .	Tegan searched and searched for her .	Finally , a staff member found her and returned her to Tegan .
3	The next day her sister was in her room and noticed it peeking out .	Jenna decided to start a diary .	She started to write all of her secrets in the diary .	Then Jenna hid it under her bed thinking no one would find it .	Her sister opened it and laughed as she read Jenna 's private secrets .
4	Then , she washed the other load .	Hilda was doing the laundry .	She started by separating whites and colors .	Then , she started one wash .	When that was done , she put the load in the dryer .
0	January disliked her name .	She decided to change it to March .	However , her mother June was n't happy about it .	She called her father October into the kitchen to discuss it .	January said she was a grown woman and could make her own decisions .
4	They are getting married in June .	Martin loved Gina .	He dreamed about her day and night .	Gina was unaware of this .	One day , Martin wrote Gina a love letter .
1	She wanted to keep her job and stay in control of her daughters .	Sandra did n't want to hear that she was crazy .	But Sandra 's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space .	But Sandra scolded her over chores and still would n't let her drive .	One evening Sandra came home to a goodbye note , her daughter ran away .
1	Although no one knew him and felt awkward , he tried to be nice .	Bruce came into the party .	He simply spent all night eating food .	Someone reminded him to save some for everyone that 's there .	However , he ended up eating too much and left afterwards .
3	When she went to retrieve her backpack it felt lighter .	When Jayne was in school she had a yellow walkman that she loved .	She carried the walkman every where she went .	One day she left the walkman in her backpack on the school bus .	Unfortunately , someone stole Jayne 's favorite walkman .
2	While out , he spots a nice buck 20 yards away .	Chad is an avid bow hunter .	He is going deer hunting .	He takes aim and releases an arrow at the buck .	The arrow misses the buck and hits a tree instead .
1	He had been bothering her for hours .	Gina had thrown a book at a boy in her class .	The teacher asked her why she threw the book .	Her explanation was not good enough .	Gina was sent to see the principal .
4	Her crew found out it was her birthday and offered her a big scoop .	Stephanie always wanted to get the best scoop .	She would stay up light driving around town to find it .	One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street .	She rushed over only to find an ice cream shop .
1	She recently made a cd with songs produced by Swizz Beatz .	Alicia Keys is a very talented r & b music artist .	Alicia was impressed by his work and she was attracted to him as well .	The two began dating and soon after Alicia became pregnant .	Before giving birth , the two were married and are very much in love .
1	Cole jumped into a puddle of mud by the entrance .	Alex and his son Cole walked to the theater to watch a movie .	Alex became angry and scolded Cole .	Alex called his wife to pick up Cole , who now had soiled shoes .	After Cole was picked up , Alex decided to watch a movie by himself .
2	The dog 's owner yelled for it to stop but it ran faster .	Robin was walking to the store .	She was passing a driveway when a dog came running towards her .	Robin was n't sure what to do so she just braced herself .	The dog jumped on her until it 's owner retrieved it .
4	He ate it very slowly and it was finally quiet .	I was laying in bed last night .	The neighbors dog would n't stop barking .	I found an old frozen steak in the fridge .	I threw the steak over the fence to the dog .
0	Early one morning I could hear my dogs .	They were scratching vigorously at the door .	I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen .	I flung the door open to let them out .	They almost knocked me over on the way out , just to chase a cat !
4	The next morning , Harry asked his parents for a second night light .	Harry had always been afraid of the dark .	At night , his closet light was always turned on .	One night , Harry suddenly feared the space under his bed .	Harry got up , turned on all the lights , and slept with them on .
3	She turned and realized it was just her and her grandparents now .	Lucy 's friend Lisa was going home .	Lisa 's mom arrived and Lisa left .	Lucy waved goodbye as the car drove off .	She instantly felt bored again .
1	Her friends invited her to a Christmas party .	Rachel felt left out during the holidays because she was Jewish .	She attended .	She realized that she loved celebrating Christmas .	Rachel converted to Christianity .
3	She held her friend 's hand through the whole house .	Kay was going to a haunted house .	But she was afraid !	She was a scaredy-cat .	At the end , she had had a scary , fun time !
3	Tom rented a jet ski .	Tom and Harry went on a lavish vacation together .	They visited the Bahamas .	Tom wanted to rent a jet ski .	Tom had a lot of fun on the jet ski .
3	Soon after drinking the tea , his sore throat subsides .	Larry has had a sore throat for weeks .	He knows he has to do something about it .	Larry drinks a pot of herbal tea .	Larry is happy he has done something about his sore throat .
3	When he tossed the coin , it rolled and fell through a grate .	Sam carried a two-headed coin he used to con people .	He came upon a likely mark and waged a bet .	He won on the first coin toss , then offered to double the bet .	The 'mark ' reached in his pocket for another coin to toss .
4	Jay tossed aside the belt and said that he 'd buy a new one .	Jay went to put his pants to get ready for work .	He took out his only belt and put that on too .	The belt was very tight on Jay .	He had a very hard time getting it to stay on .
0	Shawn was obsessed with flying .	He built a contraption with wings he believed would fly .	Shawn went to the top of his barn and took off in the contraption .	Unexpectedly , he flew up into the air like a bird .	Shawn flew up and away , never to return to Kansas .
0	I was talking to my girlfriend and some girls came by .	They made some snarky remarks at my girl friend .	My gf seemed depressed and upset because of it .	I told her it 's ok and that everything will be just fine .	I hugged her and let her know everything will be ok .
1	They were not going to let it happen again .	Amy and her friends were almost busted out after curfew .	They ran top speed to Lynn 's house .	Lynn felt like her lungs would explode .	But finally they were at her house and they could stop running .
4	The nitro exploded and flipped his car .	Tonight he was going to win the street race .	He winked at the girl and told her to wait for him at the finish line .	He told the other driver to get ready for a surprise .	He engaged his newly installed nitro .
1	Pablo did not like this .	Pablo was made fun of at school .	He decided to do something about it .	Pablo joined the football team and helped win the first game .	Pablo 's performance made him popular and no one bothered him again .
0	Katie had let her kitchen get pretty messy .	Her sink had become full of dishes and water .	After she washed the dishes , she drained the water .	When the sink was empty she realized it was coated in mold .	She used bleach to be sure that it was clean and safe .
2	Kelly immediately ran to get a mask .	When Kelly go home from school she smelled something bad .	She went upstairs and realized her parents were painting the room .	Unfortunately that did not help .	Kelly had to just sit outside .
3	The man began to offer $ 1 for the object and $ 19 for the rest .	A man walked up to a garage sale with $ 20 in his pocket .	He picked up a random object and pretended to be interested .	The owner came over and talked to the man .	The owner accepted the offer and took his payment .
1	As a result she and her sibling were locked out .	Gina forgot her key at home .	After getting in the house she felt bad .	She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids .	She was glad the sandwiches made the kids happy .
0	Sam needed to do well on his quiz .	He went home the night before and studied all night .	He did not watch any TV or play games .	The morning of the quiz , he crammed .	And he did great on the quiz !
2	Jen quickly shut the water off and the water stopped rising .	Jen was taking a shower when she heard a noise from the drain .	Water started to back up through the shower drain and filled the tub .	She called a plumber and a guy came out and fixed it in an hour .	Jen was happy it was fixed but mad because it cost two hundred bucks !
0	Amy could n't cook .	She decided to take a vegan cooking class .	Amy took notes , and paid attention .	When it was her turn to cook her food turned out perfect .	The teacher showed the class Amy 's dish as an example of how to cook .
2	In the process he was bitten by the strange dog .	Cam was walking his dog one day when they had some trouble .	Another dog attacked them , and Cam had to break them apart .	Can was so afraid that he had contracted rabies .	When his test came back negative , he almost cried with relief !
4	Alas , I crashed the truck !	I was driving a truck .	I was very tired .	I felt myself drifting off to sleep .	Finally , I embraced the sleep and closed my eyes .
1	The class sang Mary Had a Little Lamb .	It was Mary 's first day of preschool .	Everyone made fun of Mary because she did not have a lamb .	Mary started to cry .	Mary went home very upset about her first day of preschool .
4	After 20 minutes Drea hung up on Gina .	Gina was on the phone with her friend Drea .	Drea felt betrayed that Gina chose to go to North High .	Gina had n't told Andrea she was n't going to be at Henry High .	Drea had been looking for Gina all day .
3	Everything he owns is blue .	I have a friend that loves the color blue .	His house is blue .	His dog is blue .	I went to the movies with him and even his shirt was blue .
0	Tess wanted to improve her ranking on her tennis team .	She asked the coach for help .	The coach gave her drills to do .	Tess did the drills .	Tess improved her ranking on her tennis team .
0	Ivy was craving chips .	She decided to drive to the store , a mile from her home .	Then she remembered that her car was out of gas !	Ivy had no choice but to walk all the way there .	When she finally got the chips , they tasted all the better !
1	She mentioned that she had n't gotten her Christmas tree yet .	Laney was chatting with some friends at the store .	Then , her friend offered to give her her old tree .	Laney thanked her a ton .	Later , her friend dropped the tree off at her house .
1	I used to be her for Halloween .	As a child , I was obsessed with Rainbow Brite .	I had her toy doll in my room .	She was my favorite toy girl .	I wish I could still collect her memorabilia !
3	Bella had a huge party with all of her friends .	Bella thought she 'd never turn sixteen .	Time was passing so slowly !	But at long last , her birthday arrived .	Her sixteenth birthday was fantastic !
2	He ran out of the groceries his mother had stocked up for him .	Joe was in his first semester at college .	He had an apartment with some other guys .	At the store he put what he needed in the cart .	He could not believe that it cost over $ 100 !
2	Most of them wrote back politely turning him down .	Cay really wanted to be an author .	He submitted some of his stories to a few magazines .	But then one magazine gave him great news .	They were going to pay him to publish his story !
1	I looked into it and found that it could be very interesting .	My son told me about making a little extra money in my spare time .	I started out by turking 10 days in a row and making about 30 cents .	I kept at it doing a little every day and things began to add up .	Now I turk almost every day and am making a lot of extra money .
3	He spent the next few days booking his hotel and flight .	Dylan was excited to book his vacation .	He searched online for the best travel location .	Dylan found the perfect place !	Dylan left for vacation the next day .
4	Ike 's hair was n't ugly after all - it was very stylish !	Ike hated having to start high school with long shaggy hair .	But he knew his mom could n't afford a haircut on her tight salary .	Ike , resolute , went to the school with his head held high .	And there , he saw that the other boys had long shaggy hair , too .
4	Ronald made her laugh by telling her she had just fallen on ketchup .	Ronald was playing tag with little Mary one afternoon at the park .	Mary tripped over a bump on the ground while she was running .	She landed on her knee which immediately started bleeding .	She then began to cry upon seeing the blood .
1	She boxed up all her things in tight boxes .	Pat was in the process of moving from one apartment to another .	She tumbled all the boxes down the stairs to save time .	The boxes were a bit crumpled but still in good shape .	Pat collected everything on the ground floor and took it to the truck .
1	Lewis noticed that there was a shiny object on the ground .	Lewis was walking downtown .	Lewis picked the object up .	Lewis noticed that it was a shiny silver dollar .	Lewis decided to keep the lucky silver dollar .
3	A girl asked him to dance and he had to say yes .	Billy was very scared to dance .	He was so scared that he decided to skip the school dance .	His mom found out and made him go .	He was glad his mom made him go so he could dance with this girl .
4	It was a dinosaur fossil , but Padraig was convinced it was a dragon .	Padraig was in Mongolia hunting for dragons .	His friend Chechen told him dragons were n't real .	Padraig chose a spot to dig in the dirt .	After days , he found a large skull of a reptile .
0	Edna wanted her grown son to get married .	She placed an ad in the newspaper one day .	Two young women came to the house , but her son refused to meet them .	He told his mother to leave him alone .	Six months later , he met a woman , and they got married .
0	When we open our hamster cage she crawls out .	She always stuffs the pecan treats we give her in her pouch .	Then she gives herself a bath .	Usually she poops on us .	That 's when we put her back in her cage .
1	One day , he went on a walk with his family in the woods .	Marshall had always wanted his own pet .	A big , yellow puppy bounded out of the trees .	The puppy ran right up to Marshall and licked his face .	Marshall 's parents let him keep the puppy .
0	Yesterday Kevin proposed to his girlfriend Candy .	He took her to the local baseball arena and got down on one knee .	Candy was shocked .	She started to cry .	The audience cheered .
3	The car could n't move since it was in the water .	The driver tried to make a large turn on the highway .	The wheels ended up spinning off course .	Therefore , the driver landed in a lake .	Luckily , the driver came out of the lake safely .
0	Our group was given a map with instructions .	We were following the directions to arrive to a certain place .	Everyone moved passed the cafeteria and portables .	Once we reached the targeted area , we used shovels to dig the ground .	We noticed a treasure chest in the ground .
4	I slept in the next day .	I could n't sleep and was tossing and turning all night .	I got up and walked around the yard to try and burn some energy .	Midnight passed and I was still wide awake .	Finally around 2 am I started to get tired .
3	He has to drive back home in order to get money .	Paul realizes he is almost out of shampoo one day in the shower .	The next day he drives to a store to buy more of it .	However , when he gets to the store , he realizes he forgot his wallet .	Finally he returns to the store with money to buy the shampoo .
3	He was very sad .	Desmond and Alexis are brother and sister .	They both love dinosaurs .	One day , Desmond lost his dinosaur .	Alexis decided to share her dinosaur to make Desmond happy .
1	Bill was excited to get out the house and see a movie .	Bill was recently invited to the movies with a coworker .	Bill met the coworker and asked what movie they would be watching .	Bill was shocked to find out that they were watching a Horror movie .	Bill was mortified of horror movies , as he always has nightmares .
4	And she had to tread water for 3 minutes in the deep end .	Ricki signed up to take lifeguarding class to help her pool .	She found out she had to take a pretest before she could sign up .	She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping .	She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater .
4	When they woke up the next day , Jane had to clean up a huge mess .	Jane had a birthday party for her son .	All of their friends and family came to celebrate with him .	At the end of the day , everyone was very tired .	They went to bed early , but forgot about the ice cream on the counter !
4	She was very happy with her trade !	Cal wanted to trade her animal pelts .	She walked to the summer trade spot .	There she saw people bartering .	Cal got salt and turquoise for her pelts .
3	Her friends agreed and they left a week later .	Sarah and her friends were about to go to different colleges .	So , they decided to do one last thing together before they separated .	Sarah suggested they road trip across the United States .	On the trip , they had a great time and created amazing memories .
4	Ted finally agreed to bike to work two days a week .	Ted and Sue only had one car .	Sue was home all day with their two small children .	She finally told Ted she felt trapped without a car all day .	They could not afford to buy another car .
3	Rhonda 's parents searched in vain for their family picture .	Rhonda 's teacher asked the students to draw their families .	Rhonda drew an ideal family , with a pretty mom and a dad in a suit .	At open house , the drawings were placed at each child 's desk .	When the teacher showed them , Rhonda 's parents looked puzzled .
0	Stella loved to cook , but was not always attentive .	This caused her problems .	The problem that was most troublesome was leaving things on the stove .	This morning she 'd left a towel on the stove that caught fire .	Stella learned that day that cooking required her full attention .
1	He ca n't seem to sit still and stop talking .	Cade is not doing good in school .	His teacher feels hopeless to deal with Cade .	Cade 's mom decides to home-school him instead .	Now he is learning a lot of new things .
4	She was so moved by his courage and heart , Amy adopted him .	Working at an animal shelter , Amy met a dog rescued from a puppy mill .	He cringed fearfully in the back of his kennel when she approached .	Gradually , he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand .	Eventually , Amy was able to take him for the first walk he 'd ever had .
0	Joe took his clothes out of the wash .	He normally use a machine dryer .	He started thinking about clean energy and lower electricity .	He decided to hang dry the clothes .	Joe felt better about the environment and had a lower energy bill .
4	So now he just borrows mostly everything he needs from his parents .	Alex just bought a new house !	The house he bought is down the street from his parents .	At first Alex was hesitant about moving next store to his parents .	Although he soon realized how expensive everyday things are .
0	Brad build a bomb shelter when the war broke out .	The war was never serious and eventually the tension ceased .	Brad felt like he wasted his time on the shelter .	The next week scientists said a meteor was headed to earth .	Brad felt like luck was on his side .
4	He realized he enjoyed more complex music in his adulthood .	Tom listened to music his whole life .	Tom thought back to the music he listened to as a young man .	He realized his music tastes had changed .	He thought deeply about how and why his tastes changed .
1	When she had to go to the bathroom , she left the bag on the table .	Sandy was eating a bag of chips .	Several classmates noticed the bag and started to eat it .	They also left the bag on the table without throwing it away .	Sandy noticed that her chips were gone and became mad .
2	After discussion and reviewing , the agency denied her book .	Sadie was excited .	She was going to a publisher to publish her first book !	Sadie was disappointed , but stayed hopeful .	She knew there were millions of other publishing agencies to try .
2	The man approached Mark and his son .	Mark was with his son at the library .	Suddenly , he noticed a man walking around with a big bag .	He offered the little boy a toy from the bag .	Mark thanked the man as his son picked a toy .
3	Carl explored the kitchen and found out .	Carls mom makes the best banana sandwich .	She never revealed her secret ingredient though .	What could it be .	It was love !
4	She did n't stop nagging so he punched her in the eye .	Evelyn was extremely upset with her husband .	He was traveling to Las Vegas every weekend and coming home broke .	She decided not to cook or have sex with him .	He assured her he had plenty of money and no mistress .
0	Gina 's brother was in trouble .	He was caught throwing rocks .	Her father dragged the boy into the house .	Gina stood on the porch listening through the screen door .	He was in big trouble , and Gina loved every minute of it .
2	He decided to open a money market account for his grandson .	Chase was two years old .	His grandpa wants Chase to have a bright future .	Within months , his investment grew .	Chase will be able to go to college one day .
3	A woman was looking for change in her purse to get her son a snack .	I had been on the bus for a day .	I needed some caffeine to help stay awake .	At the next stop I was getting a soda from the vending machine .	I gave them the rest of my change and walked off feeling good .
0	Kristy just got married to the love of her life .	She is so happy because she never thought she 's find love .	She has all these plans to have kids with her husband .	They just returned from the honeymoon !	She 's now ready to start a family with her new husband !
2	All of a sudden , there was smoke coming out of her oven .	Jackie really wanted to eat pizza .	She decided to try baking one in her oven .	Jackie had to quickly call the fire department .	The firemen saved her house but Jackie did not get any pizza .
3	She sat down under a shady tree and bore down to push .	Killy was 9 months pregnant and almost ready to pop .	As she was walking around outside , she felt sharp pains .	She began to scream help as she was going into labor !	Five minutes later , she delivered her baby with the help of passersby .
1	She visited some car dealerships .	Lucy wanted to buy a new car .	She test drove a few cars .	Lucy applied for financing and was approved .	Lucy picked out a new Kia and drove her fabulous car home .
0	I was dating a girl .	She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me .	When I dropped her off at her house , I leaned in for the kiss .	She decided to kiss me !	Alas , her breath smelled like garlic chutney !
2	The cake looked plain , and Tina piped on a border but was n't happy .	Tina wanted to make an extra special birthday cake for her daughter .	She baked a Bundt cake , frosting it in a pretty shade of pink .	Her eyes fell on the girl 's toy box , and she was suddenly inspired .	Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt !
1	His pickled his onions and decided to try and sell them .	Oscar loved to grow onions .	He opened up a stall out in front of his house with the jars .	However , nobody seemed to want to buy his onions .	Oscar was forced to keep hundreds of jars of pickled onions !
3	Next , she tried the spearmint candy .	Jess could not decide which flavor of candy to choose .	She asked the store owner for a sample of two flavors .	She first tasted the peppermint flavored candy .	Jess walked out of the store with one of each flavor of candy .
0	Henry was about to swim in the ocean for the first time .	He started to walk slowly from the shoreline .	His dad remained behind him in case anything bad happens .	A large fish suddenly jumped out of the water .	In addition , it smacked Henry on the chest .
2	She told me the worst part was the chemical smell .	My friend went to get a straightening treatment done yesterday .	It took about three hours she said .	It ended up burning her scalp .	She decided to lay off the treatments .
4	Amy was very happy with her new doll .	Amy wanted to buy a new doll from the store .	She saved her money for a long time .	When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store .	Amy chose a doll that looked just like her .
1	He was going to show her ice fishing for the first time .	Lea , from Florida , was visiting her uncle in Minnesota .	However , she had no idea their adventure would entail driving on ice .	At the lake , she was startled as he drove his truck onto the ice .	Her screaming did n't stop until he explained how thick the ice was .
1	One day Jake was having a bad day	Aaron and Jake were best friends	Aaron notices this and wanted to do something	He took Jake out to his favorite restaurant	Jakes mood improved and he was very appreciative
1	She sets it out every year .	Cindy was given a glass angel for Christmas .	It is her favorite piece .	This year her dog knocked it over and shattered it .	Cindy has never been so devastated .
4	Then she sent him on his way , looking much better !	Ben had a job interview .	He dressed and headed out .	But then his wife stopped him and called him back in .	She made him remove his shirt so she could iron it .
2	She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous .	Mary decided to write a short story .	She prepared by sharpening her pencil .	Mary decided she should think through what she should write about .	Mary completely forgot about her story .
1	One day , they decided it would be fun to take the kids to a new place .	The Smith family loved to go on day trips on their boat in the summer .	They chose to travel north to a beach that was n't terribly far away .	The children had a wonderful time and met a new friend to play with .	They kept in touch with their friend even after they went home .
1	Alice wanted to experience the country as fully as possible .	The travel agent advised her against taking the bus from Kenya .	The bus was full of people and luggage was piled on top .	The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy .	Alice enjoyed the experience but took a private car back to the hotel
3	Soon , a bunch of people started out bidding her .	Monica was at an auction .	She saw a rocking chair that she really wanted .	She made a bid for it .	She did n't have a lot of money so she gave up .
1	But they did n't have any chocolate .	Ed and his friends wanted to make s'mores .	So they roasted marshmallows .	They put them between graham crackers .	They called them almost s'mores .
1	When I got my little brother he claimed to have a shield .	My brothers and I were playing tag last week .	Everyone else agreed that was against the rules .	We all punched him in the arm as a punishment .	He stopped playing and ran inside instead .
3	I ended up breaking it in multiple places and called 911 .	I was skateboarding with my friends at the park .	I began to prepare for a trick .	When I tried to land the trick , I slipped and landed on my wrist .	I went to the hospital and got properly treated .
3	I got irritated and ended up throwing a larger piece at me .	My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom .	Before the discussion started , my math teacher went to the bathroom .	My friend tried to throw a piece of clay at me .	We ended up throwing more pieces around the room .
4	He did this until he was 80 years old .	Samuel like to play tricks .	Even random strangers were part of his wrath .	He would glue pennies to the sidewalk .	And trip people all the time .
0	I was depressed .	I decided to see a therapist .	The therapist did n't really help .	So I decided to see a psychiatrist .	The psychiatrist gave me some drugs which helped me with depression .
2	Shari wanted to be more considerate .	Shari joked around too much .	She made people laugh but they would soon grow tired of her antics .	She decided to be more serious .	Shari 's friends appreciated this .
1	She did n't have any nice clothes because nothing fit her well .	Cara was a fat little girl .	She went to the mall and found a nice salesperson .	The salesperson picked out a pretty dress for Cara .	It fit her perfectly and so she decided to buy it .
2	She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed .	Kim checked into her resort and went to her room .	She hung around the room for a while and went to take a walk	Someone called the front desk for help .	The front desk called animal control , who confiscated the tiger .
4	Ted apologized , saying he had a toothache , and offered Steve the job .	Steve was excited about his job interview .	He arrived early , waited with nervous anticipation .	In the meeting , his potential new employer , Ted , was brusque .	Deflated , Steve left , sure he had no chance but later , Ted called .
2	They waited for hours , but the fish were n't biting .	Bo and his father went on a fishing trip for the weekend .	On Saturday morning they got up early and went to the clear lake .	Just as they were preparing to leave , Bo got a tug on his rod .	He ended up catching the biggest fish his father had ever seen .
4	All the girls told her she needed to be nicer or go away .	There were five little girls in Ms Marshall 's class who were friends .	One of the little girl 's got a new dress and showed her friends .	One of the other girls said the new dress was ugly .	That little girl often said mean things and was n't a good friend .
0	Erin planned to take a 20 minute break from his homework .	But he did n't feel very motivated to finish it .	His break ended lasting 2 hours .	And he struggled to finish his homework on time .	Erin regret taking such a long break .
3	When Judy was at work Orange scratched up the couch .	Judy got a new kitten for Christmas .	She named her kitten Orange .	Orange was a playful kitten .	Judy was mad she had to purchase a new couch .
4	Gina was shocked since she had no idea Ruth had been stealing .	Gina had a friend named Ruth who lived across the street .	One day the girls and Gina 's sisters went to the store .	Gina paid for her treats and they left the store .	When they got a block away Ruth pulled cookies from her shirt .
0	Carl and Pablo were playing video games .	But they only had one controller because their 2nd one broke .	They had to take turns playing .	But Carl was getting impatient .	Their only controller left became broken too .
4	Simon did n't like the other flavors , so he did n't have a donut .	Simon 's boss put a dozen donuts in the break room for his employees .	Simon 's mouth watered as looked at the chocolate glazed donut .	Just as he reached for it , his coworker grabbed it .	His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away .
1	He invited some friends .	Stephen wanted to have a house party .	Then he set up food and games .	Finally , he put some good music on .	His friends showed up and the party went well .
3	The friends ask their English professor for his advice .	Two friends were having an argument about proper grammar in speech .	They could n't settle the debate after hours of discussion .	They decided to ask an expert to settle it .	The professor told them that they were both wrong in the matter .
3	Cindy stormed out .	Cindy 's friend was often very mean to her .	One day , her friend said something horrible .	They yelled at each other .	She decided they were no longer friends .
3	Then , she voted for her preferred candidate .	Miranda had recently turned eighteen .	This year would be her first year voting for a president .	She went to the polls early that morning .	She was glad when he won later that evening .
0	Bill smelled something horrible in the room .	But nobody else could smell it .	That 's when his sister realized the stench was coming from his mouth .	When he went to the doctor they found he had a mouth infection .	Once he started on antibiotics the smell cleared right up .
4	He became a better friend to his friends , and a better person	Charles had always been the best pool player in his group of friends	One day , a new person appeared and challenged Charles to a game	They had a good game , but Charles lost in the end	He realized that he did n't always have to be so competitive
1	She passed a little girl who was crying on her front steps .	Sandra was walking to the store .	Sandra asked her what was wrong .	The little girl said she was locked out of her house .	Sandra sat down and waited with her for her parents to come home .
0	Charles did n't know , one time , if his mom was his biological mother .	She had kicked him out her house and did n't care he was homeless .	He wondered how she could be so cruel .	He determined he was adopted and wanted to give his mom respect .	On , what he thought , was his last visit he saw he looked like his mom .
4	They moved back to New England in 2001 , much to our joy .	We had good friends in our condo from 1993 to 1998 .	Our friends moved back to Buffalo in 1998 .	My 9 year old son was very sad , and cried on moving day .	We helped them move and waved goodbye .
4	He went to the exorcism to cleanse his soul .	John had a strong fear of the devil .	His mother warned him not to ever sin .	John attended church every week .	John 's priest suggested that he have an exorcism .
0	Amber wanted a dog for her birthday .	She asked her dad for one and he agreed .	He took her to the humane shelter to find one .	She found two dogs she wanted .	Her dad felt bad so got them both .
2	There was coffee all over his counter .	Jerry was making his morning coffee .	All of a sudden , his coffee maker started leaking .	Jerry cleaned up the mess with a towel .	Afterwards , he drove to Starbucks to buy a coffee .
2	Her mom walked her to her bedroom when they got to the house .	Wendy was sad about moving to a new town .	The new house seemed big and strange .	She had put Wendy 's toys and furniture in it so she 'd feel at home .	That made Wendy feel more comfortable .
2	He had no reason to buy anything .	Greg went out to take a walk	He went to the grocery store .	He bought an apple though .	He ate it on the walk back .
4	In addition , they immediately moved in another direction .	The group was walking by the sidewalk .	A pick-up truck drove by .	A lot of car exhaust diffused from the truck .	As soon as it surrounded the boys , they covered their faces .
4	She rides up , locks out on 8 and we hear and see our coaches go wild .	My flyer is getting ready to back handspring in the load in position .	Our knees are bent and we are focused counting out with anticipation .	Here she comes , muscles tense , shouting encouragement .	She hits us perfectly on 7 , absorbing with our legs , we burst up .
1	His mother refused to buy him a game system .	Alex wanted a Nintendo system like his friend Rob .	When Alex spoke to his Grandmother he asked her for one .	When it arrived Alex 's mom was furious .	His dad made the final decision to allow him to keep the Nintendo .
2	The teacher said it was time to find a partner .	John was the only boy in his dance class .	He was n't sure he would get along with all of the girls .	All of the girls wanted John as a partner .	John liked being the only boy in his dance class .
4	The jug really helped Sam increase her water intake !	Sam decided to drink more water every day .	She got a gallon jug .	Each morning she filled it to the top .	She carried it with her everywhere .
3	She was disgusted .	Rachel was about to eat some pancakes .	She sat at the table with her plate .	As she buttered the food , she noticed a bug .	She decided to throw the food out .
1	They all dressed up like their favorite girl .	The girls packed up and went to the Spice Girls concert .	They arrived to the venue an hour before .	When they got there they got upgraded .	It was the best night ever .
0	Elizabeth was planning on painting her living room .	She and her husband disagreed on what color to paint it .	She wanted a light color and he wanted darker .	Finally they played rock , paper , scissors .	Elizabeth won and they went with light , but slightly dark blue .
1	She really needed the prize money for college .	Savannah was competing in a beauty pageant .	She was doing her best but her score was not the highest .	It seemed like another girl was going to win .	Luckily , Savannah did really well with her talent and she won .
2	Bob told a lie to his boss .	Bob was not an honest man .	Bob could not tell the truth .	Bob 's boss found out and fired bob .	Bob is now on welfare .
1	She told Steve he can do whatever he wants .	Steve asked his girlfriend if she would have an open relationship .	Steve took that as they have an open relationship now .	A week later , he sees online that she has a new boyfriend .	Steve is shocked and annoyed .
3	But they hurt terribly today .	Mary woke up with a toothache .	Her wisdom teeth had been growing in slowly for awhile .	They never really hurt much .	She decided she would take ibuprofen and tough out the day at work .
2	She asked her mom for help , and her mom calmed her .	Kelly had been invited to homecoming !	She was so thrilled , until she realized she could n't afford a dress .	She promised Kelly she 'd sew her a new dress by hand .	And on dance night , Kelly had the prettiest dress in the whole school !
0	Jon had no friends .	This made John very sad .	Lisa noticed that Jon was sad due to a lack of friendship .	Lisa decided to be Jon 's friend .	Now , Jon had a friend !
3	His master opened the door .	Finley , the dog , jumped up barking .	He ran straight to the door .	He started ringing his bell so that he could be let outside .	There right in front of Finley was a big yellow cat .
0	Gina washed her dad 's car to his specifications .	Now he wanted her to vacuum the inside as well .	Gina felt this was too much and refused .	Her offered an extra $ 5 if she did .	Gina vacuumed the inside of the car , and went to the mall .
4	I managed to get home safely .	The road was filled with traffic .	In addition , there was a lot of fog on the roadway .	In efforts to avoid confusion , I put on my high-beam lights .	The cars next to be saw the light and stayed in their lane .
3	Several of them showed up .	Jill had n't seen her friends in a while .	It was making her lonely .	She asked some friends to meet for coffee .	Jill had a lot of fun .
3	Tina said she was going to the dance with Nan .	Joe had been talking to Nan about going to the dance .	Nan told Joe she was n't sure if she could go .	Joe asked Tina to the dance instead .	Joe went to the dance by himself just to laugh at Nan and Tina .
2	The sweater was ugly .	Kelly opened up a gift from her grandmother .	When she opened it it was a sweater .	Kelly did n't want to wear it .	But to be nice , she told her grandmother she liked it .
1	He was embarrassed to tell his friends he worked there .	Tim got a job at the local burger place .	But in six months they made him a team leader .	Then they made him a manager .	Tim 's salary was getting very respectable indeed !
4	We also told the manager how bad the service was .	We ate at an Italian restaurant .	The food was good .	The service was awful .	For a tip we left a small amount .
1	He looked at the map and set a course .	Paul donned his fire suit and gathered his tools .	He got into the fire truck and began to drive .	Paul felt the heat when he got close to the fire .	He parked the car and assessed the situation .
3	When the trip was over , she was very sad to leave .	Mary 's family was from New Zealand .	One summer , she went to visit her relatives who still lived there .	She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery .	On the flight home , she made plans to visit again !
3	The man started up a familiar song .	In the jazz club , the trumpet player walked on stage .	He sat in his seat and took out his horn .	With his sleeve , he gave it a quick polish .	The whole club went silent and listened to the man play .
1	They offered her round trip tickets to Hawaii .	Trina received a call from a vacation resort club .	All she had to do was sit in on a timeshare presentation .	She had to wait three months for her tickets .	But she had three nights in Hawaii and had a blast one night .
1	He told me he was sending it the next day .	Before my friend James died he wrote a letter .	I believe he died before he sent it .	I searched his apartment up and down to find it .	When I did I found out it was addressed to me saying he loved me .
0	Larry never had seen snow in his entire life .	He was born and raised in Florida .	He often looked at pictures of the snow .	Larry visited Alaska to experience the snow .	He will never leave Florida again .
2	This meant the car was overheating .	I was in my car driving to see a friend .	I saw the temperature gauge rise .	I checked under the hood to find the radiator filled with coolant .	The temperature went down and I drove off confused but happy .
3	She hurriedly flagged down a passing taxi .	Anna was traveling in a foreign city .	As the sun set , it grew dark .	Suddenly she saw that she was lost !	The taxi drove Anna back to her hotel .
0	Rich developed a weird lesion on his lower arm .	Rich began to worry it might be skin cancer .	Rich went to the doctor to be assessed .	The doctor said it was n't cancer .	Rich felt utterly relieved and comforted by that news .
3	However , Jason is very pleased with his new look .	Jason has always wondered what he would look like with a mustache .	He decides to grow a full beard and shave everything but the mustache .	His coworkers and girlfriend tell him that it looks awful .	He only wishes that he had grown a mustache earlier .
3	The doctor told her she needs to be drinking eight glasses per day .	Jennifer was always feeling dizzy at work .	She went to the doctor because of it .	The doctor asked her how much water she drinks which is about a glass .	She has done that for a week now and feels better .
4	Mimi vowed to wear knee pads while skateboarding from then on .	Mimi got a skateboard and kneepads for her birthday .	She was very excited to try out her new skateboard .	Mimi was in such a hurry , she forgot to put on her knee pads .	While skateboarding , Mimi fell and scraped her knees !
3	In the morning people believe the doctored signage .	A rebellious teen snuck out of his house at night .	He walked over to local speed limit signs with a can of paint .	Very carefully he changed the numbers on the signs .	The teen laughed at the many car accidents that day .
3	When the thief put down his bag , a helpful stock boy picked it up .	The jewel thief ran with the cops close on his trail .	Ducking into a store , he put the leather bag in a plastic one .	He then mingled with the shoppers , confident in his deception .	The bag the stock boy left contained only peanut butter .
3	He kissed her .	Ted was nervous to kiss Lisa for the first time .	He took her to the park where they would walk .	When they sat on the bench he took her face .	The two felt sparks .
0	I was walking down the streets of Bombay .	I saw a stray dog .	I smiled at him and continued walking .	The following day , I was walking down the same street .	The same stray dog was dead in the middle of the street .
3	It was supposed to calm my nerves .	I always hated flying .	It scared me terribly to the point I avoided it .	Last time I had to fly I decided to take medication first .	It calmed me too much and I slept through my alarm .
3	He has a group that he considers his inner circle .	My wife always joked I was in the slug club at work .	It is a reference to the club mentioned in Harry Potter .	My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner .	But since I 'm in the slug club I get to enjoy great meals .
0	Reece loved pie .	He decided to enter a contest .	He ate five pies in 20 minutes .	His friend Tyler ate six pies in 20 minutes .	Reece was bummed about not winning .
3	I would do sprints almost every day .	My junior year I was cut from the soccer team .	The coach said I was n't fast enough .	I spent the entire off season working on my speed .	The following year I made the team .
0	Jane bought a new lipstick today .	It was called Hot Havana Red .	She loved it and wore it so confidently .	When she got home she saw a magazine article about lipstick .	It read , Hot Havana Red the prostitutes signature , Jane felt so sad .
2	He resolved to start biking instead .	Ed decided to start living in a more environmentally friendly way .	He decided to stop driving to work every day .	Every day he rode his bicycle to work and back .	Ed felt so good about his positive eco-impact !
4	After working all summer , he saved up enough money for a car .	When Stu turned 16 , all he wanted was a car .	Unfortunately , his family was very poor .	Nick applied for jobs all over town .	He eventually got a job working at a grocery store .
0	Julie worked at a diner .	One morning , she slept through her alarm .	When she woke up , she saw that she was an hour late for work .	She rushed to the diner .	Unfortunately , her boss had no choice but to fire her .
3	She lay beside my wife until she was done with the massages .	My wife does daily massages .	She does them on a bed , with my help .	Today our cat was curious .	I call her a one person cat .
0	Herb had finally allowed his children to get a puppy .	But the puppy loved to chew Herb 's shoes .	The puppy also loved to steal Herb 's food .	But the puppy was so cute .	Herb loved him and did n't regret getting him .
3	It got started .	It was the day off the big game .	Everyone was tailgating for it .	They were super excited .	The home team won !
3	A strong gust blew his hat off .	Jake was at the park .	It was a windy day .	He was wearing a hat .	He chased after it but never caught it .
0	Jerry wanted to do stand-up at an open mic night .	He was very nervous backstage , reviewing his prepared jokes .	Once he got out on stage , he flourished .	The crowd loved him .	Jerry was happy with his performance and decided to continue comedy .
4	To his surprise the man outplays him in every way .	Mark thought he was a great guitar player .	He challenged others to outplay him whenever he could .	A long bearded man his latest challenger .	His appearance deceiving to Mark as he was sure he would win .
0	Brad got up early and dressed in his usual suit and tie .	He jumped into his Mercedes and gunned it to miss the morning traffic .	He was the first one at work and eagerly got busy .	Brad 's boss noticed how hard he has been working lately .	At the end of the day Brad 's boss gave him a raise for his work .
2	He thinks of himself as a poet .	I wrote an essay about my friend Harry .	Harry is 98 Year 's old .	Harry always encouraged me to write .	I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry .
1	His daughter was twenty and they did n't get along .	Charles was forty one years	But his daughter called him and invited him to her apartment .	Charles hurried there , not knowing what the issue could be .	Inside her apartment he met his three month old grandson .
3	He made up a funny rhyme about his address .	Joe could not remember his address .	He felt like a fool .	He decided to do something about it .	After that he always remembered it .
2	I went though all my old chargers to see if any worked .	My friend came to my house and asked to charge his phone .	I tried to use my charger on it but it did not fit .	Both of us could not find any that matched his phone .	As a result his phone rant out of power .
0	Ben had a new kite .	Sam had a new kite as well .	Sam 's kite flew and Ben 's did n't .	Sam felt bad .	Sam gave his kite to Ben and they were both happy .
4	She stayed until the end and really enjoyed it .	Sara 's favorite band was playing in town .	She did n't plan on going but last minute she was invited .	She asked her parents and they bought her a ticket .	Once she was there , she stood alone and watched the show .
1	My brother and I built a sand castle .	We went to the beach today .	We made a mote around the castle .	The waves crashed on the shore and washed the castle away .	We had a lot of fun building our sand castle .
4	She immediately got out of the water .	Rita went swimming in the beach .	She swam as far as she could go .	However to her surprise she saw a shark .	The lifeguard told her to get out .
0	Cade loved watching TV all the time .	His mom fretted , afraid that Case would n't find a good job .	After all , watching TV all day did n't give one many job skills !	But then Cade did a surprising thing to ease her mind .	He finished school- and began work as a television critic !
3	When my wife sat back again , Sassy batted at her hair .	My cat Sassy is sneaky .	She is very playful .	When my wife leaned forward , she snuck onto the back of her seat .	Ninja kitty strikes again !
0	It was my freshman year of college .	I went to an after-school hypnotist event .	At the event , I was chosen to be hypnotized .	He hypnotized me and surprisingly , it worked on me .	I 'm still not sure to this day how he got me !
3	Tom called repeatedly and finally got through .	Tom was driving through his city .	Tom was listening to the radio .	The radio announced a prize for the 10th caller .	Tom was pleasantly surprised to learn he won the prize .
1	He decided to propose to her .	Daniel loved his girlfriend Delilah .	He bought a ring a set up a beautiful date !	Sadly , while riding to the restaurant it decided to rain .	Daniel decided to just propose in the car and Delilah said yes !
0	Whenever I talk on the phone my toddler gets very sneaky .	She helps herself in the kitchen and paints her nails .	She knows I am so distracted !	Once she ate play-doh like it was a candy bar .	Now I wait for her nap-time to talk on the phone .
2	When his son turned one , his son started having bad nightmares .	Bill would n't stop playing violent video games around his son .	He told everyone his son was too young to understand the violence .	Bill 's wife begged him to stop playing the video games .	Bill reluctantly stopped playing the games .
0	Javi loved classic cars .	He would attend car shows and wish that he could participate .	Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up .	When he finished he entered his first car show .	Javi won first place and was super proud of his car .
0	Eric always loved playing the piano .	He was really talented and had a bright future in it .	One day he got into a fight at a bar .	The other guy stomped and broke his hands .	It ruined his career .
0	I had no school today since it 's Veteran 's Day .	Therefore , I decided to go to the park with my friends .	We mostly played basketball together .	Eventually , it started to rain outside .	As a result , we went home early .
0	Howard was working late last night .	He needed some extra money for a birthday present for his wife .	After getting off of work , he decided to go to the Jewelry store .	He ended up purchasing a diamond necklace .	His wife was amazed when she saw it .
4	On his last try , the publisher finally accepted his work !	Ed 's dream was to be a published author .	He sent in many manuscripts to different publishers .	Every time , his work was rejected .	He decided to try one last time to get published .
2	Chelsea looked for the pandas all around the zoo .	Chelsea loves pandas .	Her parents took her to the zoo .	A zoo keeper told her that they did not have any pandas .	Chelsea was in tears for the rest of the day .
1	He punched the alarm clock into the wall and brushed his teeth .	Dean woke up screaming , as always .	He stepped outside and wondered how he would die again today .	After a few steps and careful looks , he got hit by a Greyhound bus .	Dean woke up screaming .
0	Omar was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile .	And he blamed it on his heavy shoes .	He spent hours looking for new shoes and bought the perfect pair .	Omar decided to run a mile again .	But he was only a few seconds faster .
4	It would definitely make for a funny family story in the future .	Aly was in charge of cooking the family 's Thanksgiving turkey .	However , she accidentally forgot to turn on the oven .	Aly felt terrible , but her family just laughed at her honest mistake .	They ordered a pizza instead .
0	Tim wanted to meet a nice girl to date .	He decided to take a yoga class to help socialize .	He met a like minded nice girl .	They began dating .	They eventually fell in love and got married .
1	He sat down to think of different ideas .	Tom wanted to do something exciting .	His ideas were not too exciting .	Finally , he thought of something good .	He went skydiving .
4	Amy thought for sure she was going to like this new school .	Amy had Advisory for her first class of the day .	It was her first day at this new school .	The teacher was quirky which somehow put her at ease .	The teacher made a lot of jokes and the kids all laughed .
2	He put up posters for the cat but no one responded .	Bryce found a cat near his house .	The cat appeared hungry and scared so he fed the cat .	Finally he resigned to being a cat owner .	Bryce was glad he found the cat .
0	Morgan collected comic books .	One day , she went to a flea market in search of a good addition .	She picked through every box of comics she could find .	After a long time of searching , she finally found a worthy comic .	Now her collection is even better .
2	Her mom worked at a nursing home and had an idea .	Little Marina was turning 6 and had a birthday wish .	She wished to be a nurse for her birthday !	She brought Marina in to read to the seniors on her birthday .	Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all !
0	Max spent the day raking leaves .	He raked them to the curb to be taken away .	That night , a storm blew through town .	Max 's leaf piles were blown apart .	Max spent the next day raking the leaves all over again .
2	Everyone was jealous of how good Sam 's food tasted .	Sam loved to smoke his meat with his favorite smoker .	Sam would often invite the whole neighborhood over for food .	One night , people stole Sam 's favorite smoker to use for themselves !	Sam was so sad he stopped inviting people over to eat .
0	Travis was supposed to go cycling , but it just started raining .	Dejected , he sat down on the couch .	Then he spotted a book he read a decade ago .	He dove into the book and read 300 pages during the day .	By the time night came , he was glad that it rained .
0	Lucy was at her grandparents when she got lost .	She did n't know how to get back to their house .	She tried to remain calm and retrace her steps .	She walked back the way she thought she came .	After 20 minutes she began to panic .
3	We walked down every aisle and I grabbed what I needed .	We all went to the store .	My daughter wanted to buy a pizza .	My son wanted to throw a fit .	We made it to the checkout before anything horrible happened .
1	It had snowed and there was a beautiful blanket of snow on the ground .	Mom woke Ryan up and told him there was no school today .	Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go build a snowman .	It did n't take long however , until Ryan was back indoors .	The next day , mom woke him up and told him to get ready for school .
1	Every spring she took a jar and caught some .	Leah loved fireflies .	She set the jar by her table to admire them .	As she grew up , though , she realized that the bugs were dying .	So , she admired the fireflies from her window instead .
3	Alas , my coworkers laughed at the purse .	I decided to go shopping for a new purse .	I bought a crocodile skin purse .	I took it to my first day of work .	That 's when I realized I had bad fashion taste .
1	They gained a great advantage with the invention of agriculture .	Long ago , humans were hunter-gatherers .	Agricultural societies made large cities possible .	These cities produced greater and greater technologies over time .	Now , in the information age , the future seems very uncertain .
2	Since I woke up late to dress for school , I was n't near the stop .	The bus came to my stop .	Several kids were walking inside .	The bus left as soon as I was running to the stop .	My parents took me to school since I missed the bus .
4	She sank into the hot water and drifted off for a nap .	Amanda got home one night and was very tired .	She decided to take a bubble bath .	She started the water and poured in the bubbles .	Amanda undressed and stepped into the tub .
3	They were on sale for 10 cents per toothbrush .	This morning , Steve dropped his toothbrush on the ground .	He went to the store to buy a new toothbrush .	Steve searched the medical aisle for toothbrushes .	They were so cheap that Steve bought 8 toothbrushes .
0	I adopted two dogs a few Year 's ago , a male and a female .	The adoption place never informed me that they were n't fixed .	They ended up have eight puppies together !	There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies .	I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs .
0	June decided to take her children to visit a neighboring farm .	She got the kids dressed and loaded into the car .	When they got to the farm , they were met by the farmer .	June and her children got to visit with all the different animals .	When they left , the children waved farewell to the farmer .
3	To her dismay , her cake was burning .	Martha was hosting a dinner for her family .	When the family arrived , she kept them entertained .	She had to finished the meals for a few more minutes .	Luckily she took it out and it was safe .
2	The snake was menacing , and tried to attack Peter .	Peter want fishing along the lake .	While fishing , Peter saw a long black snake on the shore .	Peter was able to manage not getting bitten by the snake .	Nowadays , Peter does not fish as much by the lake .
4	They realized they were sisters !	Amy met Jane at a family reunion .	They were close in age , but were n't sure how they were related .	The girls bonded over things they both liked .	Amy and Jane eventually talked about a cousin named John .
0	Tom bought a foreclosed townhouse .	It was very cheap and Tom was a handyman .	He fixed up the place real nice all by himself for very cheap .	Within a year Tom put the house on the market .	He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it !
0	Amy went to get frozen yogurt on her break .	She was sad they did n't have her favorite flavor .	She decided to try something new instead .	To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings .	Amy ended up throwing most of the yogurt in the trash .
1	The cat loves to chase toys around the house .	Bernadette has a very playful cat .	One day the cat was running too fast .	The cat knocked a glass vase off the table .	Bernadette was very sad the cat broke her grandmother 's vase .
0	I wanted to write a book .	I slaved over my computer for days and days .	I wrote from the time I woke up till the time I went to sleep .	All the effort paid off .	I was very happy with my finished book .
1	He did n't have much money and found shopping discouraging .	Doug wanted the perfect engagement ring to propose to Jan .	His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby .	Doug accepted but was nervous because it was n't a diamond .	When Jan saw the ring , she was thrilled as ruby was her birthstone !
2	Since two guards were running toward me , I threw the ball .	The ball was thrown to me .	There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball .	My teammate , who was open , caught the ball and ran .	He scored a touchdown .
4	Grabbed the sucker and devoured him .	I watched my snake try to eat a fish .	First she grabbed it out of the tank .	But it squirmed away and went on the gravel .	She slithered back out of the fish tank .
3	Bobby crawled into bed between his mom and his dad .	Bobby woke in the middle of the night .	He had had a terrible nightmare .	His parents said he could sleep with them .	He slept soundly the rest of the night , safe with his parents .
3	Her mom came home that night with a bag .	Kelly 's mom said she was going to get an Apple .	Kelly did n't think her mom was going to get her a phone yet .	So she was beyond excited .	Kelly 's face fell when she was it was actually a piece of fruit .
2	When the waiter handed the bill , everyone was silent .	The family started to gather their plates at the buffet .	They ate a lot since the food was food .	No one did anything until my aunt took out her checkbook .	She felt angry since no person offered to split the bill .
3	Jim realized that accounting was not the field for him .	Jim decided to major in accounting in college .	He did his first internship in an accounting firm .	Jim dreaded going in every day because he found it boring .	He decided he was going to change his major .
2	It was wandering around .	Jane was sitting on a bench at the park .	A bird came by .	Jane decided to throw a piece of her sandwich on the ground .	The bird ate it .
3	On the way home Tom told me he wanted to stop to buy a net .	Tom and I went fishing at the creek .	Tom brought a pole and I brought a net .	I caught more fish than Tom .	We stopped and he bought a net for the next trip .
0	Ray and Tina were at the mall .	And Tina wanted to go shopping .	Tina said she would only buy a few dresses .	So Ray said he would wait for her .	Two hours passed before Ray decided to leave .
1	It was so exciting because my cousins were coming too .	When I was 7 Year 's old I went skating for the first time .	I did n't know how to skate so I slowly walked along the side rails .	Somehow I moved to fast and twisted my ankle and fell .	I still ca n't skate to this day .
2	After a month she still had only a few shifts .	Amy had just started her new job .	When the first schedule was posted she had very few hours .	She asked her boss if she could work more shifts .	She was disappointed to hear there were no more available .
4	She then ended up linking me .	Last week I got a new cat .	I loved the cat .	The only problem was that she seemed scared of me .	I then started giving her a lot of treats .
1	His mom was annoyed and thought he was wasting his day .	Ben had been playing video games all day .	She told him to go do something else .	Ben told her he did n't want to .	His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her .
4	Apparently he did n't think she could dance .	Tom was having a music video for his band .	He invited all his friends except Erica .	Erica had no idea why she was n't invited .	She confronted Tom to find out why .
2	Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake .	Janet bought a birthday cake for her coworker .	They presented it during a small office party .	Janet apologized and felt embarrassed .	Her coworker told her it was no big deal .
3	My doctor told me to start applying lotion every morning .	Winter had arrived .	The cold weather cracked the skin on my hands .	I was in pain .	I followed his advice and my hands healed .
2	He tried to hide in an abandoned neighbor until an hour later .	There was a shootout a few minutes ago .	The person who murdered his friend decided to run away .	When he got out , a huge light was aimed towards him .	A helicopter stopped in the air and warned him to not run .
3	She passed the test without making any mistakes .	Last week Jenny took her driver 's test .	She was very nervous about the written test .	But she had studied very hard for it .	Jenny was relieved and excited at the same time .
2	Finally his friends convince him to buy a new pair .	Dan has worn the same pair of boots for almost 20 Years .	The boots are now completely worn out .	Dan buys a new pair of boots that looks the same as his old ones .	He hopes that his new boots also last 20 Years .
3	But he did n't know what toppings he wanted .	George was hungry .	But he was n't sure what he wanted to eat .	After a few minutes , he decided to order pizza .	Several minutes later , George did n't feel hungry anymore .
0	Angela married the man of her dreams .	Her new husband worked out of town a lot .	His mother got sick and had to move in with the couple .	Angela worked full time outside of the home .	Because Angela 's mother in law was sick she stayed home .
1	Her suitor had just received permission from her parents to court her .	Prima was very old fashioned .	The suitor showed up , wearing formal clothes .	They had a proper chat and he promised to call her again .	Prima was delighted with how the courtship was going .
1	We are Chinese .	My mom packed quail eggs for my lunch one day .	The teacher , who was white , said the eggs smelled .	My mom went to the principal and complained .	The teacher had to apologize .
0	Billy was a star basketball player .	It was the last quarter of the game .	Billy was open and his teammate passed the ball to him .	Billy ran up to the hoop .	He scored and helped the team win .
3	Finally , Mike passed the test on his third try .	Mike had to pass a test to get the job he wanted .	The test was extremely difficult so Mike studied hard .	He did n't pass it on the first try so he studied even more .	Then , he got the job .
3	It was big and red .	Year 's ago I got an ear infection .	I got it after I got my ears pierced .	Weeks later my ear hurt .	Thankfully i got medicine for it .
4	Arnold never ate cake again .	Arnold was a little boy who loved to eat cake .	If his mother tried to feed him anything else , he would cry and cry .	One day , Arnold had a bad ache in his tooth .	The dentist had to pull three of his teeth because they were rotten .
3	Amy gladly loaded up her salad .	Amy loved salad .	She was excited to discover there was a salad bar restaurant .	She was delighted to see so many offerings for salad toppers .	Amy loved the salad so much she returned with friends .
2	Early in the morning they set out with their tour guide and group .	The family took a vacation to Africa to take a safari trip .	They had their cameras charged and ready to take pictures of animals .	Many animals were seen , including some lions relaxing in the shade .	The kids decided it was the best family vacation ever .
0	Scheana and Shay were highschool sweethearts .	Shay proposed to Scheana after two years of dating .	Shay and Scheana got married .	Scheana discovered that Shay suffered from addiction and depression .	They got divorced a year later .
0	Tin wrote a great poem in English class .	He liked it so much , he entered it into the school poetry contest .	He hoped to win , but competition was stiff .	The next week the winner is announced .	It was Tim !
1	Joe was knowledgeable and intelligent .	Joe and Jane were two candidates for a job .	However , the hiring manager liked Jane 's personality .	The hiring manager decided to flip a coin to decide who to hire .	The coin landed on heads and Jane was hired .
0	A group of friends and I went to a corn maize .	It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted .	A scary man jumped out and scared us .	We ended up lost in the maize for two hours .	We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together .
4	That was when he learned his neighbor was turning 100 years old !	Jim 's neighbor was an older lady who had suffered a stroke .	One day Jim noticed people scuttling in and out of the lady 's door .	He went and knocked on the lady 's door .	He entered to find a birthday banner stretched across the room .
4	This time the dog missed .	Kate threw a frisbee to her dog .	The dog caught the frisbee .	It brought it back to her .	She threw it again .
4	To his surprise , he had found a special edition card in his pack .	James had earned some money doing yard work .	He wanted to buy a pack of baseball cards with it .	His mom took him to the store and he picked his pack .	In the car , he started to open them .
4	She now owns her own branch .	Jamie is working to be a banker .	she loves helping people get the finances they need .	She succeeds in school and gets a great position .	She quickly works up the ranks .
3	When the delivery man came to the door he was carrying a small box .	Joe ordered a dining room set off of the internet for his wife .	It was to be a big anniversary surprise .	It was a great price at $ 150 for a table and 6 chairs .	Joe had ordered doll furniture by mistake !
4	They sold out in an hour .	Jen was awaiting the new album by lil gil .	The album was coming out the next day .	When the day came , she rushed out to buy it .	By the time she got there , there were no more cds .
0	My grandpa took me to the museum one weekend , just him and I .	I was excited to see the exhibits , and planned on being there all day .	We spent so long admiring each exhibit , it was quickly night time .	It was n't until a guard chased us out , that we realized our error .	The museum had closed while we were still inside !
1	She got on her phone to invite some people .	Janet planned on taking a long hike with some friends .	Janet convinced 3 other people to come with her .	They all hiked up a 3000 foot tall mountain .	The next day they all returned home to look at pictures they took .
0	Freda wants to try painting her nails a new color .	She looks at all of her nail polish and decides on black .	Frida paints each nail very carefully .	When she 's done , her nails all look great .	Freda is very happy with her new nail color .
2	He had a cleaning coming up .	Sherman prided himself on never having any cavities .	He followed his dental hygiene regimen perfectly .	He began brushing thrice daily in preparation .	The dental hygienist told Sherman that he was over-brushing .
1	But she noticed something strange .	Ivy 's pregnancy was going well .	Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes !	Her optometrist said pregnancy had steepened her corneal curve .	Ivy had to order new contact lenses !
4	I ended up going home and finishing school .	When I was sixteen I ran away from home .	I went to a town close to the one I lived in .	I ended up staying with a person I did n't even know .	The police found me and arrested me at a gas station .
0	John felt like life had no meaning .	John decided to go look for meaning .	He studied all sorts of religions at various temples .	John decided he liked Christianity the best .	John converted and now his life had meaning .
2	They carried some clarinets in stock .	Laura wanted to play flute .	The music store was out of flutes .	Laura reluctantly tried one .	She found it very enjoyable to her unexpected delight .
3	The wind began to blow .	It was time for the annual chili cookoff .	Bill had been refining his recipe all year .	He threw all his ingredients into the pot .	Bill 's pot was blown right off his burner .
4	I was thrilled .	Due to my terrible incidents with phone droppings , I needed a case .	Specifically I needed a glass screen protector .	I bought one finally on the Internet and it fit perfectly .	I tested it out by dropping it and it did n't have a stretch .
4	This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories .	Universal Studios in Florida is my favorite theme park .	My Dad and his boyfriend took me there over Thanksgiving .	While standing in a long line we played Heads Up to pass the time .	My Dad almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire .
1	They could n't decide on what to choose .	The kids just finished dinner and were ready for a movie .	So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks .	The youngest won , and picked his favorite movie .	The oldest child would n't watch it and was very mad .
1	She had to get her checkup .	Raven went to the doctors	The doctor said everything is fine with her .	The doctor gave her a lollipop and hand sanitizer .	She was happy about the outcome .
1	She discovered that part of the problem was her vision .	Grace was having trouble with her classes .	She went to the doctor and got a pair of contacts .	She now can see better .	Grace also has better grades in school .
0	Mindy washes all the laundry for her husband and two kids .	One day she threw a load into the dryer and went to the store .	The house was on fire when they arrived home .	The dryer apparently caught fire and they were n't there to stop it .	Mindy now hand washes and air dries the family 's clothes .
2	My friends all thought that I was going to lose because I was new .	I played in a fantasy baseball league this year with some friends .	I have never played fantasy baseball before , only football .	I knew that I knew about the players and the league in general though .	I ended up taking first place and winning over five hundred dollars .
3	After an hour of waiting , he was sad because nobody showed .	Justin wanted to throw a holiday party .	He prepared by decorating his house and making a lot of food .	On the night of the party he waited for his friends to arrive .	He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone !
4	People laughed at him because they were so short .	Bob was doing the laundry .	He accidentally washed his clothes on hot .	All his clothes shrank .	He wore a pair of shorts from his laundry .
3	They told us that there was a tornado in the sky to the north .	I went to visit my sister who lived in a neighborhood on a hill .	A big storm with dark clouds blew in .	The neighbors came to the door .	We all went outside and watched the tornado until it was gone .
1	He was pulled over on his way home , for speeding .	Ned left the bar one night , tipsy and tired .	The cop breathalyzed Ned and then arrested him .	Ned had to call his family for bail in the morning .	He was humiliated and dejected .
1	She was not sure what to order .	Sam went to a chinese restaurant .	She ended up asking the worker to surprise her .	She received an order of sesame chicken .	She loved it .
3	Eventually he started crying .	Lucas was cutting up onions .	He wanted to make some stew .	He was n't paying attention and kept breathing in the fumes .	He cried so much he had to stop cooking for almost an hour .
3	The next day Brooke does not get mad at all during work .	Brooke gets angry easily at work .	Her friend , Shelby , recommended that she starts to meditate .	Brooke trusts Shelby so she tries to meditate .	Shelby notices this , and now they meditate during breaks together .
1	We were a party of five .	My wife and I had dinner with former coworkers a month ago .	Shelly , a white woman , told us she would never date a black man .	Shelly said it was because of her 80 year old father 's wishes .	Nobody at the table was satisfied with Shelly 's response .
1	Her coworker Marc had wanted to quit drinking coffee .	Alia drank tea quite often during the week at work .	He told Alia he did not have any tea .	Marc told her he was going to get another cup of coffee .	Alia gave him some tea to drink instead .
4	Then Pip led the best parade ever !	Pip wanted to throw a pretend parade in his yard .	He asked his older brothers to march with him .	Then he decorated their clothes with glitter and yarn .	He asked his mom to come and watch them .
1	She decided to sit on the steps and watch it .	Sara 's school was having a parade .	A bunch of floats came by .	Then , some band members walked by .	Then , the parade was over .
2	On a tight turn the front wheels came loose .	Greg rode his bike down a curvy road .	He felt the tires shake in the frame .	Greg flew over the handlebars of his bike .	He crashed on the road but he was not hurt bad .
1	He stayed home , sad and angry at the circumstances .	Cameron loved to surf , but his broken leg meant he could n't for now .	His friend asked if Cameron would photograph his surf sessions .	He agreed , and felt a hundred times better being out on the beach .	Cameron became his friend 's regular photographer from then on .
0	Rita and Katie were looking for the moon .	They both wanted to see the moon first .	Katie ran around looking at the sky .	She fell down from running too fast .	They went inside before they saw the moon .
2	When they did n't see anyone her hopes sunk .	Amy and Beth had walked past Amy crushes house .	Amy was secretly hoping to see him .	She decided to go home and parted ways with Beth .	Amy felt the lowest she ever had in life .
4	Emil used the tablets so that he could drink clean water .	Emil was traveling in India and became thirsty .	There was no clean water nearby .	Emil was scared that he would have to go thirsty .	Then , Emil remembered that he carried purification tablets in his bag .
2	She tried to slide her finger in between the door and the frame .	Gina 's car door was frozen shut .	She pulled the handle with both hands but it did n't budge .	When she had a grip , she pulled hard .	She lost her grip and stumbled backwards into the snow .
4	Tim took a bite and absolutely loved it !	Tim was very picky when it came to food .	He refused to try any new foods , he never even had cake !	Tim was going to his friend Josh 's birthday party soon .	It was time for Tim to try cake , he got a piece on his plate .
4	Fred is happy he has found a blazer for the event .	Fred needs a blazer for a special event that his friends are planning .	He has never liked how blazers look , but he decides he needs one .	When he gets to the store , he finds a blazer for a reasonable price .	It fits him perfectly .
1	On his first day of doing this , the coin told him to walk to work .	John decided he would make all his decisions by flipping a coin .	John made the four mile journey on foot .	He got to work on time , but covered in embarrassing sweat marks .	John decided to return to normal decision making rather than the coin .
0	Each year , Amy 's mom ordered winter coats from a catalog .	When the coats arrived , Amy fell in love with one trimmed in fur .	But Amy 's mom handed it to her sister .	She gave Amy a pink coat that felt like plastic .	Amy left the coat on the playground the next day .
0	I went to my friend 's house .	She had made some cookies .	I ate three cookies .	Suddenly , I started to asphyxiate .	I was allergic to the peanuts in the cookies and I passed out .
1	It ended up coming out very dry .	Oliver had made the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner .	His wife decided to make some gravy .	She went to the kitchen and threw the gravy together .	With the gravy on top , the turkey was much easier to eat .
4	He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included !	Angel had a bad day at work and did not want to cook .	She suggested the family go out to eat or order in .	Adam did not want to go out to eat and planned a surprise instead .	He went to the kitchen and started cooking .
2	After he got back his results , he was n't surprised .	Ryan was insecure about his intelligence .	So he decided to pay for an IQ to learn the truth .	He blamed all of his past failures on his low intelligence .	And eventually , he had no motivation to attempt any of his goals .
1	He handing his girlfriend his keys and wallet .	Kyle went skydiving .	He got in the plane .	He put on his parachute .	He jumped out and landed perfectly .
2	He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online .	Roger was always suspicious of everything .	This afternoon , he set out to enhance his tin foil hat .	He cut the foil into pre-cut shapes and started to bend them .	He ended up with an enhanced hat , which he tried on for size .
3	One day , she serves him his dog food plain .	Ziggy the dog is a picky eater .	He likes string cheese and hot dogs .	Ziggy 's owner gets tired of catering to him .	Ziggy refuses to eat it .
0	My best friend went to work as she normally does .	She was looking forward to a holiday launch celebration .	While enjoying the luncheon , a man came in with a gun .	He started shooting at everyone in the room .	My friend was shot and is in the hospital with a hopeful prognosis .
1	A man came in with a severed pinky .	The nurse went to the clinic knowing it was going to be a bad day .	He was followed by woman came in with a severed toe .	Finally , the nurse 's ex-boyfriend came in .	The nurse threw up her hands in disgust .
4	The man was now trapped in his own house .	A man hired a contractor to make him a cement walkway .	The man did n't pay the contractor for months .	The contractor decided to get revenge .	He poured a big load of cement onto the man 's front door .
3	When they were as warm as they could stand , they jumped in the water .	Mary and Tom drove two hours to the lake .	They were starving when they arrived !	So they had a nice picnic on the sand , followed by suntanning .	They swam for hours and then drove home tired and happy !
2	Paco then took lessons on how to ride the horse .	Paco had ambitions of riding horses .	He bought a pretty pony and learned how to take care of it .	He got really good at it and started bragging to his friends .	Now everyone knows his ambitions as a rider came to fruition .
1	The opponent came charging at him .	Chad ran with the basketball .	Instead of trying to steal the ball , the opponent smacked Chad .	The official called a flagrant foul on the person .	He ended up getting ejected from the game .
0	Elena woke up in the morning .	She had a hangover from last night and felt sick .	However , she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview .	It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy .	The boss thought of her as unreliable and did n't hire her .
4	He is happy to be saving money but sad to leave his nice apartment .	Horace has been living in an expensive apartment for two Year 's .	He knows he is living beyond his means , but he does n't want to move .	Finally Horace decides to look for a new place .	He finds an apartment in a much less desirable part of town .
2	I tried to explain to him once that New York is the state above us .	Two years ago I took in a foster child , a 7 year old boy .	He could not read , count , or write his name , and never saw a doctor .	I explained we were in Pennsylvania .	The perplexed child looked at the sky .
1	He decided to take some money from his mom 's hidden savings .	Peter really wanted a new bicycle , but did n't have the money .	He got his bike , but discovered he felt too guilty to enjoy it .	He returned the money , even though it was never missed , and the bike .	He started saving from his odd jobs , planing to get the bike that way .
2	I accidentally drove a nail through the chair into my hand .	I was building a chair .	I had to nail the seat to the legs .	I had to call 911 .	The paramedic called me an idiot but at least he saved my life .
1	We asked her how her son Henry was .	Julia gave us a piece of cake tonight .	She said he fell off a playground structure on Sunday .	He had to go to the hospital , but he is ok .	Julia seemed somber about the accident .
0	Erica 's 2nd grade class had a reading challenge this year .	If she was able to read 50 books or more she won a pizza party !	She read a book every day for the entire semester .	At the end of the semester Erica had read 85 books !	Her teacher awarded her with a pizza party and icecream .
0	Edward was a professional football player .	He was well-liked and very good at his position .	Unfortunately during one game , he was struck very hard and passed out .	The doctor told him he had nearly broken his neck and might have died .	Edward was glad to have survived , but scared it might happen again .
0	When Nancy sneezed , her right ear started to burn .	Although she did n't know what was happening , she went to her mom .	They decided to go to the hospital .	The doctor diagnosed Nancy with an inflamed ear inflammation .	She also prescribed some medication to Nancy .
1	She got it from a local organic grocer .	Becky made some fresh coffee .	When she gave her family members a try , they loved it .	Becky then decided she wanted to buy it every week .	She had to be careful though because it was so popular .
0	Ray wanted to be a doctor .	He studied very hard in college .	Then he applied to medical school .	He was accepted !	Ray was on his way to being a doctor !
3	Tim was not picking up on Pat 's signal .	Pat and Tim were eating fudge pops .	Tim had smeared some fudge on his face when he ate it .	Pat tried to signal to Tim that he had fudge on his face .	Pat had to verbally tell Tim of his fudge face .
3	Right after the snap Ken fell to the floor .	Ken went to his friend 's house for dinner .	As he sat down at the table he heard a snap .	Ken had broken his friend 's wooden chair .	Everyone laughed at Ken and his misery .
3	Everyone is now leaving to find a hotel .	Chad put up 3 tents .	The family then went to sleep .	A tornado arrived in the camping area and picked up the tents .	The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel .
1	Weeks later , he saw the curtains in their house move .	Rick 's neighbors moved away .	A little yellow cat poked his head through the curtains .	The neighbors had left their pet behind .	Rick opened a window , and took the little cat home .
4	Emily had had a nightmare .	Emily was asleep in bed .	She began tossing and turning .	Suddenly , she woke up crying .	Her mom came to comfort her .
4	Finally i found her in the neighbor 's yard .	I got a new puppy last week named Lily .	Lily was the cutest puppy ever .	Unfortunately last Saturday she got lost .	I looked everywhere for her .
1	The algebra test was assuredly very difficult .	Eric handed out the tests to his eighth grade class .	Eric noticed one of the students looking at her neighbor 's test .	The student admitted to copying answers !	Eric reluctantly gave the student no points .
2	He tried his hardest to keep up .	Craig wanted to get in better shape .	He decided to do a video workout .	The next day he was intensely sore .	He stopped working out because of it .
0	Our son-in-law dropped our keys .	They slipped through the elevator into the shaft .	We called maintenance .	The elevator company had to come and retrieve the keys .	We all laughed about the incident .
3	He was so startled he fell back and hit his head .	Tom heard a scratching noise coming from the attic .	He went upstairs to check it out .	As soon as he climbed the attic ladder he saw a mouse .	Now Tom has to go to the emergency room for stitches .
0	Nova dreamed of being a professional dancer .	She applied to all the top schools .	Her first choice did n't accept her .	Heartbroken , Nova decided to keep faith in her other choices .	Nova 's second choice accepted her .
4	Josh was so excited that he taught his parrot how to say its name !	Josh bought a parrot as a pet .	He was lonely living by myself .	Josh named his parrot Polly and called his name every day .	One day he heard his parrot say `` Polly '' .
4	Without the remote they had no choice but to watch her show .	Gina was watching the new sci-fi show at her uncle 's house .	Her siblings wanted to watch something else .	Gina held the remote so they could n't change the TV .	They were out of town so no one knew the channel lineup .
1	He was about to take his first plane ride .	Sam was very nervous .	He breathed deeply and tried to relax .	When the plane took off , he realized something surprising .	He found flight fun and exhilarating !
4	He brightly smiled and said , I 'm not Will Smith .	I liked Will Smith , the actor , when he was a young battle rapper .	So when I met him in 2007 , I thought he 'd like to hear from me .	Will Smith walked into Guitar Center where I was working .	Excited , I walked up to him and said , I 'm so glad to meet you !
2	The adults chuckled and offered the children a few bottles .	At Thanksgiving , the adults had bottles of champagne at their tables .	The children whined that they wanted champagne , too !	The children sipped their champagne happily , feeling mature .	They did n't know they were really drinking sparkling apple juice !
2	Everyone went home .	Tom was playing kickball with his friends .	Suddenly , it started raining .	Tom stayed to play kickball by himself .	Tom ended up having more fun playing alone .
4	I fired him and hired a better teacher .	I wanted to learn guitar .	So , I decided to take music lessons .	My teacher was very skilled and very nice .	Alas , he was not a good teacher .
0	Nick came down with a very serious illness one day .	His doctors told him that he may not be able to exercise again .	Nick was afraid he would have to spend his life bed ridden .	After a few hard months , Nick 's health started to improve .	Nick was so happy to be healthy , he started running every day .
4	Alas , she developed carpal tunnel syndrome and had to stop origami .	Nastia wanted to learn origami .	She decided to spend her time after work learning the art .	She spent years honing her craft .	She became one of the best origami artists in the world .
1	One day Andy asked his friend to play sudoku with him	Andy was a very clever boy who loves to play games	His friend accepted the challenge and ended up winning	Andy was very disappointed because usually he wins	After a week of training Andy won against his friend
4	I 've been right more often than anybody else I know .	All my friends are big football fans .	I sometimes watch matches with them .	I 'm not a fan but still predict who 's going to win .	So far I 've been really accurate .
2	Instead , he went to the walk-in clinic .	Joey had a cold .	His doctor could n't see him for weeks .	They made him wait two hours .	When he saw the doctor , he got a prescription for medicine .
3	The medicine started working so she felt much less pain .	Barbara was a photographer who took pictures of sunrises .	Her back hurt so she had trouble getting out of bed .	She took pain medicine to make her back feel better .	She was able to take a beautiful sunrise picture .
1	All her friends on the cheer squad knew how except her .	Sue wanted to learn how to do a cartwheel .	She practiced every day outside .	She hit her head a few times .	Today Sue finally got her cartwheel .
4	That day , everyone avoided Jim .	Jim needed to take a shower .	But his shower drain was clogged .	He had no time to fix it .	And he rushed to school .
3	His friend Jay was sad that he did n't know how to do it .	Tim invented a new dance .	It was called the shake dance .	He shook his hands and feet .	Fortunately , Tim was nice enough to show him how .
3	Feeling hungry , he stopped at the patty shop for a patty and juice .	Donovan got off the bus , already feeling the heat of the day .	He had many errands to run , but first he stopped by the bank .	His second stop was to the tax office where he waited half the day .	Donovan bit into the patty and knew the trip to town was worth it .
3	He went out of his way to track down the other bus .	Charlie had left his beloved stuffed monkey on the school bus .	The nice driver carefully searched the bus but did n't find it .	Then he remembered that a substitute bus had been used one day .	After carefully searching it , he found the lost monkey !
3	The day before the launch his team rechecked everything .	Riley was the head of a marketing firm .	His team was launching a new marketing campaign for french fries .	They had spent several weeks working on the campaign .	The campaign launched according to plan and they sold record numbers .
4	Frustrated , Bob gave up and called a laundry service .	Bob had mountains of dirty laundry to clean .	Starting to wash his laundry , he overfilled the washer and broke it .	Bob called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer .	Bob researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive .
1	He was waiting to meet his friends .	Ken was at the bar .	They called to cancel .	Ken felt weird being there alone .	He left and went home .
2	Suddenly , one bag tore open .	Sarah had just returned from the grocery store .	She was trying to carry several bags at once .	A carton of eggs fell onto the driveway .	Sara opened the carton and saw that all of the eggs were broken .
2	He would write everyday to get better .	Alex loved to write short , fictional stories .	His dream was to one day be a famous author .	Finally he submitted a story for publication .	His story was purchased and Alex got published !
4	When I took a puff , I started to cough .	My friends took me to the back of their house .	Jeffrey pulled out a cigarette .	He asked if I tried it before and I said no .	He forced me to try it .
4	Dan ended up with a new Mini-van .	Dan 's wife Jane was pregnant again .	They already had 3 kids .	Dan decided it was time to get a larger car .	He wanted an SUV but they were out of his budget .
0	Sam was washing dishes .	He did them all and let them dry .	His roommate went to use one .	It was still dirty .	Sam was n't allowed to wash dishes after that .
3	All of them guzzled their drinks down .	The Benson family ordered a big batch of chicken wings for dinner .	They were extra spicy but no one knew that .	Everyone took several bites before realizing the pain .	They are broke out laughing because of what happened .
0	When Mary visited I wanted to treat her to a Gondola ride .	My neighborhood is one of the few places where you can ride a Gondola .	I made a reservation with my credit card , paying nearly 200 dollars .	I escorted Mary to the docks and we loaded the Gondola .	We had a beautiful sunset Gondola ride that evening .
4	Luckily , she made it to the gas station before running out of gas !	Rose was driving on the thruway .	Then she noticed that she was almost out of gas .	The nearest exit was twenty miles away .	She feared she would run out of gas , but she hoped not .
2	The principal asked Anthony where he learned how to swear .	Anthony swore a lot and he often was in trouble for it .	One day he was called into the principal 's office for his swearing .	Anthony told the principal he learned it from the principal 's mother .	Anthony was expelled from school and had to attend another school .
1	They got some bananas and strawberries and put them in a blender .	Micah wanted to make a smoothie .	Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice , but there was n't any !	Thinking resourcefully , Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer .	Soon , they were enjoying a delicious strawberry-banana milkshake !
4	Edison is in the hospital .	Edison was awake all night long .	The next morning , he was very tired .	Edison decided to drive a car .	He crashed his car while driving .
4	Soon both girls were covered in sticky juice .	Jordan and Callie were on a walk .	They were drinking orange juice from a jug .	Suddenly , Jordan jokingly sloshed some on Callie .	A full fight ensued .
4	Dad left the skunk alone after that .	Dad knew there was a skunk .	Every few weeks he would see it scamper under the house .	One day he tried to scare it out with live music .	It ran out and into the house spraying everything .
0	Ben decided to help his community .	He volunteered at an animal shelter .	He showed up every day after classes .	He would walk the dogs and play with them .	Ben felt so good about helping out !
3	Then , Sandy went sadly to her room .	Sandy wished her mom was more affectionate .	She told her mom she was sick , hoping for sympathy .	Sandy 's mom felt her forehead and said she was n't sick .	She picked up her doll and gave it a big hug .
2	One day he went to a paint festival , paint was flying everywhere !	Scott collected all sorts of belts .	However , out of all of his exotic belts , his favorite was plain .	Out of nowhere , red paint splashed onto his plain belt !	Scott was sad that his plain belt had been ruined .
4	Taro told him it is alright , the model car is n't important anyways .	Hiroshi and Taro were pretty good friends .	One day Hiroshi broke Taro 's model car .	Taro was very sad and wanted to cry .	Hiroshi said he was very sorry and did n't do it on purpose .
0	Amy 's crush Ray had begun to ignore her .	She had been ignoring him first , but this was unexpected .	She walked home slowly reveling in her pain .	Amy 's mother tried to get her to talk , but Amy refused .	Her mother felt helpless as her daughter dragged herself to her room .
0	My sister in law 's husband died in late November .	She is still trying to cope .	She felt she missed him while doing errands today .	Her older sister went over to help her feel better .	We made plans to see her soon .
1	She thought she would n't do well .	Becky was nervous for her test .	She walked into the room scared .	Then she took the test .	It was easier than she was thought .
2	However , I told him no since it would be unfair that he gets more food	While I was in the lunch line , someone called me .	He kindly asked if I can get a cookie for him .	As a result , he ended up mad and walked away .	We were on bad terms for the remainder of the school year .
0	Steve was very nervous to ask Tina out on a date .	Steve had liked Tina for months now , but they never really spoke .	Steve got encouragement from his friends to ask her to hang out .	Steve gathered courage and asked Tina to study together that night .	Tina said yes and soon they started dating each other !
0	Sam always let his dog out on the yard .	One day it ran into the street .	It got hit by a car .	It was hurt but got better .	Sam was more vigilant from there on out .
0	Alfred lived in a small , cramped , basement apartment .	All day he would hear banging from the apartment above .	One day the banging stopped .	For the first time , Alfred cared about who lived up there .	When he went to check he saw the police removing his dead neighbor .
3	I decided to order some wings for takeout .	I really wanted some chicken wings .	I decided to make some .	Alas , they tasted terrible .	They were incredibly tasty !
1	Frannie had a cheese sandwich that looked much better .	Sandy 's mom packed her a ham sandwich for lunch again .	She offered to trade her sandwich for Frannie 's .	Frannie agreed and they swapped .	The were both happy with the trade .
2	She decided to go to the public library to check out books	Gina needed books on dolphins for a project at school .	But all the ones had been checked out of the school library .	At the library she searched for the books she needed .	She was upset to find there were none there either .
3	She saw a poster for snorkeling and decided to go for it .	The trip had been a great success so far .	There were only a few more days left before they had to return .	Sherry wanted to try something new .	She could n't believe all the beautiful fish that were in the water .
1	The new year was about to begin and Mary met with her teachers .	Mary had just moved and was going to a new school .	Her English teacher let her know that she needed to read a book .	Mary spent the next two days speed reading the book .	On the first day of school , she was ready to participate in the work .
3	At the garage , he inspected it and delivered bad news .	Jules was driving home one day .	Suddenly her car sputtered to a stop .	She had to call a mechanic to tow it .	Jules would have to pay $ 500 to fix her car !
3	The sound of the waves and breeze calmed us down .	I went to college by the beach .	One night my friends and were nervous over a test .	So we walked to the beach .	We felt much better after .
3	They chose Singapore as a neutral meeting place .	Carrie met Michael on Christian Mingle .	They spoke online for a few months before exchanging phone numbers .	Several months after exchanging phone numbers they planned a trip .	They fell in love in Singapore .
3	When she was all done , she looked completely different .	Sophia needed a new hair style .	She went to a salon and asked for a cut .	Then , she decided to dye her hair .	Everyone who knew her loved the changes .
1	The mall security had arrested my son .	I got a call from the mall .	He was accused of shoplifting .	I pleaded that they release him .	They agreed and when he got home I grounded him .
2	Kayla hid in the bushes where she thought no one would find her .	Kayla and her friends were excited to start a game of Hide and Seek	The three of them spread out .	Her friend found her .	Kayla was disappointed but laughed it off .
1	He walked into his class and took out his supplies .	Bob had a math test in the morning and was really nervous .	When he got the test , Bob read every question carefully .	He made his way through the test and turned it in .	Bob felt very good about this math test and was proud .
1	He was amazed by the rocketships .	Benjamin went on a trip to the NASA Space Agency .	Him and his family listened to a lecture about astronomy .	Later in the day , they were shown a virtual planetarium .	Benjamin left the Space Agency with a new understanding of science .
4	Although she got burned on the band , she ended up making it .	The firefighters ran inside the house to rescue the kids .	They managed to take Bill out however , Jane was still inside .	She was scared to make any move since the fires were large .	The firefighter told her to run through an opening .
4	I got her number and we went on a date .	During class , I saw a beautiful girl drop her pen .	I reached down to pick it up for her .	She thanked me with a smile .	I then asked her if she was free on the weekend .
4	Now I turn on the lights everywhere I go .	Last night I was stumbling around in the dark .	I was sleeping and wanted to get something to drink .	I tripped over the area rug and broke my foot .	I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast .
1	The candidate walked out from his podium and showed his tap shoes .	In the debate the moderator asked the candidate if he could dance .	The audience gasped at this reveal .	The candidate got the crowd to clap in a steady beat .	When the beat began , he began his fancy tap routine .
1	Lisa and Monica are sisters who lost their brother and sister in law .	Last night there were three homicides in the city of Dallas , Texas .	Someone robbed the pair and shot them in their home .	Two blocks away , a teenager was shot and killed outside of a store .	Police think that all three murders were committed by the same person .
1	My lab partner did not want to participate .	I had to dissect a frog for biology .	So I was left to do the work by myself .	Since I was by myself , I got extra credit .	It was a great experience .
1	Roan did n't want to waste the peels , so he found a solution .	Roan and his family ate a lot of fruits and veggies .	He set up a compost heap in his backyard for the peels and shells .	The compost decomposed and nourished the plants in Roan 's garden .	Roan was glad he had come up with such a 'green ' idea !
0	Lisa was scared to start her first day of school .	She was nervous about making friends .	Luckily she made a friend the first day .	Her name was lily .	The two girls became friends for Years .
4	The biopsy had n't actually hurt at all !	Ana needed a liver biopsy done .	She was nervous about it .	The morning of the test , she trembled with fear .	But after the procedure , she smiled at herself .
3	She eventually discovered the delight of satellite internet .	Sally could n't face the world .	She moved to a rural area .	Sally struggled to find work without dealing with people .	Now Sally clicks her way to success pennies at a time .
3	I went to the school and filled out an application .	I just graduated high school .	I needed to find a job .	My friend said the local school was looking for a bus driver .	I got the job !
3	Angel wore a beautiful blue dress .	One day Adam wanted to take anger out on a date .	He figured he should call her and tell her .	He called her and told her to get ready .	Adam told Angel she looked very lovely .
2	I felt sad about how much time had passed .	I was home alone one evening .	I saw a picture of my wife and I when we first started dating .	I decided to call my wife .	When she answered we talked for an hour .
0	It was a long bicycle ride under the hot sun .	I decided to take a rest and sit down for a bit .	I found shade under a nice tree .	I laid out and stretched .	Then the paramedics arrived thinking I was a dead body .
2	He put the star on the top most branch pointing upwards .	Steven purchased a star for his tree at home .	It was very large and bright .	The star was so large compared to the tree however .	The tree could n't support the ornament , and he had to get a new one .
4	They had to reimburse him for the cost of his clothes .	Alan took his clothes to a laundry service .	Then he returned to pick them up .	They said they had lost his clothes !	Alan was angry and unhappy .
3	There , Chris 's dad , in Santa costume , was leaving presents .	Little Chris was very sad .	His friend had told him there was no Santa Claus !	But on Christmas eve , his mom called him downstairs .	Chris 's faith in Santa Claus was renewed !
0	Henry took Julie out to Dinner .	On the same day , he also took her to the movie theater to see a movie .	Afterwards he confessed his love for her .	However , she felt awkward .	She says that she 's not into easygoing guys .
3	She worried about it all day .	Jill was very nervous when she left her 3 year old at preschool .	He had never been away from her for so long before .	She thought he 'd be shy and afraid .	When she picked him he was laughing and full of stories !
4	Omar and Ora quickly became great friends !	Omar was the only Hispanic boy in a white school .	He wished he had more friends , but his classmates were aloof .	Then one day his teacher made an announcement .	They had a new student , a Mexican girl named Ora !
3	She realized she would need to back up to get up the hill .	Gina was on a side street getting on the main street .	But the streets were icy , and the side street was a hill .	Gina 's car was having a hard time getting up the hill .	Just then a van pulled up behind her and she was unable to back up .
1	Ed was driving home from work .	It was a dark night .	Suddenly a rainstorm began obscuring his vision .	Ed decided to pull over .	He waited until it was safe before he drove again .
3	John decided to get his hearing checked .	John was a student in high school .	John arrived at school and noticed many classes had changed rooms .	He learned this was because there was a free health screening .	He was happy to learn he had perfect hearing .
4	He got to eat one right away as a reward for his hard work .	Oliver felt like he 'd spent hours unwrapping caramels .	But it would be worth his time and effort .	Him mom was making caramel apples when he had them all open .	She dipped the apples into the melted caramel .
3	He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client .	Trent was a private investigator .	He was following someone for a client and tried to stay hidden .	Suddenly , the person he was trailing noticed him .	Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field .
2	The driver accused Jim of trying to steal the car .	Jim was walking around the neighborhood .	As soon as he passed a car , the fire alarm went off .	He called the cops on him .	As a result , he got arrested .
0	June was in the fourth grade .	Her class was buying holiday gifts for people in a retirement home .	June 's job was to pick out some fun socks .	She was running out of time to pick something .	Luckily , she found the perfect pairs right in time .
1	He brewed a cup of his favorite coffee .	Timmy just got a new coffee maker in the mail .	He drank the entire cup .	Afterwards Timmy started to sweat profusely .	He had consumed too much caffeine .
1	He ran out to the backyard where he 'd set a trap .	Jim Bob heard a loud snapping sound .	A huge jackrabbit was caught , struggling to get out of it .	Jim Bob stomped on its neck , breaking it .	He wears one of its feet in memory of the delicious stew it made .
4	The couch immediately put him on the team .	Ben wanted to play baseball for his school .	He signed up to tryout for the team .	He practiced at home until he was ready .	He went to the tryouts and hit every ball .
0	Samantha felt terrible at work .	Her head felt like it was splitting wide open .	She requested to take the day off because of her headache .	She drove home and took a hot shower .	She took an advil and fell asleep .
0	Mandy was on a family vacation .	One night , her aunt told her that it was her turn to do dishes .	Mandy started washing the dishes .	She was just finishing up when someone brought her even more dishes .	Finally , she finished for good .
0	Reggie was 12 years old when he got his first real bicycle .	He rode around and then found friends to ride around with .	His friends were much more skilled than he was and bigger .	He tried to keep up by not using his brakes down the hill like them .	He turned slightly and hit gravel throwing him over his handlebars .
2	Her digital tuner kept telling her it was wrong .	Sam kept trying to tune her guitar .	She could n't get one string right .	She tried different adjustments .	Eventually she realized her digital tuner needed a new battery .
3	Frustrated , I went home and read fashion magazines .	I went shopping for my sorority formal .	First I tried the big department store , but the styles were so generic .	Next I went to the boutique , but no dresses were in my size .	Finding the perfect dress in Vogue , I decided to sew a version myself !
2	They lost the first 3 by large margins .	The Wizards were closing in on a playoff berth .	They only needed to win one of their remaining four games	They were winning the last one until they fell apart late .	They missed the playoffs and their fans were very upset .
2	At the end of the concert , the band left .	Gerard was performing a show on his birthday .	This concert was the last of the tour .	Instead of cheering for another song , they sang him happy birthday .	Gerard was very happy and performed an encore .
4	She told me that she was leaving me and our relationships .	My wife is threatening me to come to her or else she will leave .	After coming out of work , I drove quickly to see her .	After arriving home , I decided to wait in the front .	When she opened the door , she had several suitcases with her .
1	She was curious to confirm it , so she went online .	Nita had always been told she was Irish .	She ordered a DNA testing kit and sent in her sample .	The company revealed surprising information to her .	Nita was not Irish at all - she was French !
3	The plants died from starvation .	Kim started a garden in her yard .	She was very lazy though .	She forgot to water the plants in the morning .	Kim felt like a lazy bum .
0	Daniel wanted to study philosophy in college .	He talked to his parents about his plans .	Daniel 's parents were skeptical about his choice .	They told him that philosophy did not have good job opportunities .	Daniel decided to study business as well as philosophy .
1	She flirted with any man in sight and was asking for free drinks .	A strange lady walked into the club .	Due to her behavior , the security guards came .	They escorted her to the front of the club .	She tried fighting back but she could n't get inside the club again .
2	The toy was damaged and its words were no longer intelligible .	Some kids were playing with a talking doll .	One of them got too rough with it and dropped it .	The kids decided to pretend the doll was speaking another language .	They had fun translating the `` words '' to each other .
0	I went to North Conway with my girlfriend in 1980 .	We did not have a car and took the bus .	We stayed at a quiet hotel and had dinner .	We took the bus back to Boston .	We got married a year later .
2	Dan told Jane that he could n't afford hygiene products .	Jane noticed that her classmate Dan smelled bad every day .	Jane became annoyed , and asked Dan why he smelled bad .	Jane felt guilty for judging Dan , and bought him hygiene products .	Dan was very thankful and Jane became friends with him .
2	The kids find lots of eggs .	Lin takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt .	They have bouncy houses and free donuts .	When they get home they open the eggs and find candy .	The kids eat all of the candy .
2	Then they requested soda , but she insisted her guest deserved better .	Ursula asked her guest what they would like to drink .	They asked for hot chocolate , but the container of cocoa was empty .	They asked to check the fridge , but she insisted they stay seated .	So finally she settled on tea for the both of them .
4	The day was almost over and I had n't cleaned anything .	I found my old yearbook today while cleaning .	I started to flip through it and saw a lot of funny pictures .	My old school photo was funny and so were all my friend 's photos .	I got so caught up reminiscing that I lost track of time .
4	I was forced to step down as CEO of the non-profit .	I decided to start a non-profit .	As the CEO , I paid myself fifty percent of all donations .	The public found out how much I was paying myself .	Many people got angry and soon I was making national headlines !
3	She called the local conservation service to have the tree cataloged .	Meghan was walking in the forest .	She came across a rare chestnut tree .	It was large in diameter .	The conservationist applauded Meghan 's discovery .
2	Her mattress was old too and was very uncomfortable to sleep on .	Ruby had just graduated college and moved out on her own .	Most of her furniture were hand-me-downs and were old .	With her first paycheck , Ruby went out and purchased a new mattress .	It was the best investment she made and helped her to sleep better .
3	Jill never wanted to speak to Lisa .	Jill and Lisa had been best friends for years .	Nothing would break their friendship they thought .	Yet to their surprise they got into a fight .	Lisa was so upset .
1	He lived in a hot climate and the summers were brutal .	Lane relied on a portable air conditioning unit .	He would just sit in front of the AC unit all day .	One day the overworked air conditioner died .	Lane mourned its loss with sweat on his brow .
4	Anna was relieved and encouraged .	Anna had a big event coming up .	She decided to consult her horoscope .	She wanted to see if it would go well .	Her horoscope told her she 'd have great success on that day .
1	It was not his .	Nick got a coat in the mail .	He did n't know who it was for .	He loved wearing it .	His roomates made fun of him because it was a woman 's coat .
4	Chris celebrates with his friends .	Chris has been working very hard at work .	His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment .	Chris gets called into his manager 's office .	Chris receives a promotion .
4	Allison learned to always be attentive while driving .	Allison was always distracted while driving .	One day , she swerved into another car .	The two cars spun off the road .	Both drivers got out of their car without injury .
2	I would slide really fast .	I went to the playground when I was young .	I used to slide down the poles all day .	I broke my arm one slide .	I had to get a bright green cast .
2	Bob had to board the plane in a Hazmat suit and examine the passenger .	Bob is a worker in the CDC .	Late at night , a plane arrived from Mexico with a very sick passenger .	On the plane , Bob fell and his suit ripped .	Now Bob is forced to remain in quarantine too .
2	While having a trainer is expensive , Julie is happy with the results .	Julie wants to start losing weight and gaining muscle faster .	She decides to hire a personal trainer to work with her at the gym .	She finds herself becoming much stronger than she thought possible .	Julie sends her trainer a special thank you note .
4	The blue car stopped , which meant the experiment was over !	Bill had a science project to complete .	He chose two batteries to see which one lasted the longest .	He put the batteries in a toy car .	The toy cars raced for a long time .
1	Her friend invited her to her birthday party .	Ash was afraid of horses .	Ash attended not knowing they would be horseback riding .	Ash was terrified at first .	She quickly realized that horses were n't scary animals at all .
4	He won the game .	Sam played football with his cousins	They needed a touchdown to win the game .	His quarterback threw him the ball .	He caught it in the end zone .
3	I did n't talk to her for the rest of the day .	My friend Brianna whispered to me in class .	The teacher turned around and yelled at me .	My friend let me get in trouble .	We were no longer friends .
1	He watched his kids splash and play .	Rick was at the local pool .	Theh he noticed another child sputtering nearby !	Rick hurried into the pool and pulled the child out .	The child was so relieved , he cried with gratitude !
0	I did not drink beer until I was 26 .	I was a night school grad student .	I took a seminar in science and society .	The professor offered us beer in his lab .	I had a Coors .
0	Mother could n't find her glasses .	She looked upstairs .	She looked downstairs .	Becoming frantic , Mother noticed her children were giggling .	She realized her glasses were on top of her head !
3	Chip drove two hours out of town and found a farm .	Chip wanted to drink only fresh milk .	He lived in a big urban city .	He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk .	He paid the farmer big money for some very fresh milk .
2	He opened the envelope containing that day 's code .	A nuclear missile silo received a launch order .	The officer in charge opened the safe to verify the code .	Inside was a coupon for half-off the price of a sandwich .	Belatedly , he realized it was April Fool 's Day .
1	With the long marriage came extensive bickering .	Lisa and Tim had been married for a long time .	Their family could hardly stand it .	Finally Elsa their daughter , made them talk things out .	It worked .
1	I had trouble learning to ride it .	I got a bike for my sixth birthday .	I got on but could n't balance and pedal at the same time .	I tried rolling down the driveway .	That gave me enough momentum to balance and pedal my bike .
2	Since they did n't have lunch yet , they devoured the crackers .	Henry left a box of salted crackers on top of the table .	His twin kids managed to take it by using a stool .	When Henry came back into the living room , he found the box .	It was lying on the ground , empty inside .
4	joanna eventually met a good man and got married .	Brent was in love with joanna	Joanna 's family did not like brent but they felt he was not a good man .	One day brent helped Joanna sneak out of the house but she got caught .	Brent was no longer allowed to see her but he knew he was wrong .
0	Nick was at the club and drank a bit too much .	A shot rang out and when the smoke cleared , someone was dead .	Nick told the judge he was being framed .	The judge did n't find Nick 's argument compelling .	Nick is now in prison and does n't get to drink at all .
2	So he decided to order some sandwiches .	Andy only had rolled oats to eat at his house .	But it was too hot to make oatmeal .	After waiting for hours , they finally arrived .	But by then , the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal .
4	The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one .	Mary loves to buy ice cream from the Ice Cream Truck .	One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck .	She was enjoying her snow cone .	Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone .
4	She quickly had the children go over and collect their belongings .	Clark was notorious for being easy to anger .	Wendy 's children left their toys on his yard overnight .	When the discovery was made , Clark banged on her door .	Wendy answered , apologizing to the grumpy old man .
1	I noticed it and went to the window to see it better .	A bird flew in the sky and landed on a tree by my house .	I called to my wife to see if she knew what kind of bird it was .	She grabbed her bird book and started to flip through it .	She told me that it was most likely as goldfinch .
0	Ronald had a girlfriend named Stephanie .	One day , Stephanie got drunk and slept with another man .	Ronald slashed Stephanie 's tires on her car .	Stephanie called the cops and Ronald went to jail .	Ronald did n't care , he was planning to kill Stephanie later .
2	My mother welcomes me with a big hug .	Today is Christmas Eve .	I will be driving home from school .	I see everyone gathered in the kitchen .	It feels good to be home .
1	During recess , she approached the girl .	Eva wanted to talk to the new girl in school .	The girl was shy but introduced herself to Eva .	She and Eva played all during recess .	Eva and the new girl had become fast friends !
3	So they bought a new home elsewhere .	The Waltons lost their house in a storm last month .	They considered rebuilding .	Most of the family did n't want to live in a stormy area anymore .	Now they feel more safe and secure .
4	She met a man who was a professional photographer .	Lisa tried online dating .	She is forty-one years old and gets feedback from guys younger .	Her friend recommended a dating site designed for people over forty .	Lisa signed up and after one week she was impressed .
3	She negotiated with the salesman for a lower price .	Leila wanted to buy a new car .	She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars .	She found a car she liked .	She bought a new car and felt great about her choice .
3	She used the money to organize the remainder of items in the garage .	Lacy was so tired of not being able to park in her garage .	It was stuffed with so much junk .	Lacy had a huge garage sale and sold tons of stuff .	She was delighted when her car fit into the garage with room to spare .
1	My dog was sitting on the sofa .	I turned on the television .	He started to watch the television .	The dog show came on the television .	My dog started barking at the dogs on television .
0	A woman had a baby .	When she was ready to leave the hospital , she packed her bag .	Her husband brought the car around and helped her load things up .	They put the baby in a car seat and strapped him in the car .	Then , the family drove home .
4	Ronald was angry with himself and had to walk back to the store .	Ronald was really excited to get the newest iphone .	He waited in line for hours until he finally bought one .	He was so excited that he immediately took it out of the package .	Ronald ran back home but ended up tripping and breaking it .
3	He decided to stay at the library .	Kevin had a big test coming up .	He needed time to study .	His life at home was too hectic .	He was able to study and did well on the test .
3	After many attempts , she finally caught a fish !	Lorraine was always impressed with the fly fishers she saw .	She decided that she wanted to try to become a fly fisher too .	She bought a rod and special fly fishing bait .	Lorraine felt great that she had become a fly fisher .
3	She asked if I could recall the project .	I retired from my job in 2012 after 26 years .	Today I got an email from a someone in my agency .	She was assigned a task I had in 2008 , but the files were archived .	I had kept my files on my home computer and emailed them to her .
4	Jake yelled at Dan for playing with his toy .	Dan had n't been to Jake 's house in a week .	When he returned he asked Jake to drive his Power Wheels truck .	Jake would n't let him .	When Jake went to the bathroom Dan drove the truck .
3	The sled quickly picked up speed as it glided down the hill .	Kelly took her sled to the top of the snow-covered hill in the park .	She carefully laid on her belly on the sled .	Slowly , she pushed herself over the crest of the hill .	Kelly laughed all the way to the bottom .
4	Phil effectively reduced his environmental impact .	Phil wanted to do something to help the environment .	He became more conscious of the decisions he made .	Phil made an effort to buy recyclable materials .	He reduced his resource consumption .
0	Sara felt pressured to gain weight .	Her doctor said she was an unhealthy weight .	So she ate larger portions for every meal .	After a month , Sara never gained weight and felt less healthy .	Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later .
4	The neighbor had brought her several gifts .	It was Christmas eve .	Mary did n't have enough money for gifts .	Suddenly , she heard a knock on the door .	A neighbor was there .
4	Mike was proud of himself for taking good care of his home .	Mike noticed it was raining outside .	Then , he noticed water was coming from his ceiling , as well !	He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer .	When the weather was better , the roofer came to fix the leak .
3	Since she did n't look at the scissors , she ended up stabbing me .	I was doing arts and crafts in my Spanish class .	I asked my friend if she can bring the scissors .	She got it from the basket and walked to me .	I ended up with a bruise .
1	He had every type of cigar imaginable .	Grandpa had a massive cigar collection .	He bought most of them during his travels around the world .	He told me that he would pass down the collection to me .	When he died , it was given to someone else instead .
4	When it was high in the sky he found the keys .	A man was working in the field before dawn .	He dropped his keys in the dirty and could n't see .	He waited for the sun to rise to look for them .	The sun came slowly over the hills .
3	She thought that she would n't get caught .	Susan was in her math class .	She had a substitute teacher today .	Susan decided to ditch class .	Her teacher found out and gave her detention the next day .
4	She did n't want to be taller than her date .	Lena got 4 inch heels to wear to prom .	When her date arrived she realized there was a problem .	In her new shoes she was towering over him .	She ran upstairs to grab different shoes .
0	Steven did not eat at any restaurant where they served Pepsi .	He had a strong preference for coca-cola .	He went out to lunch with some friends and ordered a coke .	The waitress said they only had pepsi .	His friends were shocked when he got up and left .
0	Sally 's phone was broken .	She was out of town and needed to talk to her husband .	She was trying to use a payphone but it cost a lot .	Finally she decided to make a $ 20 into all quarters .	She had a bag full of so many quarters .
1	He tried to throw a softball at the baby .	Harry was playing with his baby cousin .	He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs .	Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing .	No one noticed anything since he was quiet .
2	In school all the other kids got things first .	Greg had a problem .	He was never first for anything .	His mother put his mind at ease .	She said he would always be first in her heart .
0	Lee was a movie buff .	However he was on a strict budget .	Lee could n't afford to rent movies like he desired .	He found out he could rent movies for free at his local library .	Lee got to view new movies on a weekly basis for free .
2	Sam tried hard to fix it but could not .	Sam liked to sit indoors playing video games .	One day his favorite video game system broke .	He was upset and bored until he went outside .	Sam found many exciting things outside and had a great time .
1	I went to the dealership .	I wanted to buy a car .	The dealer there gave me a price estimate for a new car .	I negotiated the price down by six thousand dollars .	The dealer agreed and I purchased the car !
2	He challenged him to a rap battle .	Charlie was into rapping .	His friend , randy started getting into it as well	They made it an event .	Randy ended up winning
0	Kelly had lost her baby and took it very hard .	For three years she succumbed to depression .	But then she met a new man and began to enjoy life again .	After a few years together they decided to have a baby .	When her son was born , Kelly became truly happy once again .
2	Dylan , the point guard , dribbled it up the court .	Dylan was playing for his high school 's basketball team .	His team was down by 1 point with 5 seconds left .	At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim .	The lane was clear and he shot a layup , winning the game .
0	Grace was faced with a small dilemma .	One of her daughters was selling cookies .	Her other daughter was selling candy bars .	Grace wanted to help both girls .	Finally , Grace decided to buy both candy and cookies .
4	They did n't mind dressing like their dates , but not like each other .	Amy and Beth were excited about going to the Sadie Hawkins dance .	They went shopping together to buy matching outfits .	They each bought shirts for themselves and their dates .	They boys were upset when they saw the shirts .
3	Pam knows which shoes to wear now .	Brian 's wife had 100 pairs of shoes .	When it was time to go out , Pam never knew which shoes to wear .	Brian donated 99 pairs of shoes to the local woman 's shelter .	Pam and Brian have since gotten divorced .
0	Our safari included a hot-air balloon trip .	We had to leave in the middle of the night for the morning trip .	Crossing the Serengeti , our truck had a flat tire .	We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared .	The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time .
2	She let me get a hamster .	I always wanted to have a pet .	Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store .	I like my hamster because his fur is dark brown .	I love my new pet !
4	He got up early the next morning and drove to the cook off .	Jerome entered himself into a chili cook off .	He decided to make his grandpa 's old family recipe .	He went to the store and bought the ingredients .	Jerome spent a full day perfecting the chili .
0	Ava fell asleep while smoking a cigarette .	She woke shortly thereafter .	She was surrounded by flames !	Ana rushed outside and dialed 911 from her cell phone .	She sobbed , knowing her carelessness had caused the fire .
4	The kids were all excited and proud of the fruits of their labor !	I worked at an elementary school in Hawaii .	Gardening was one of the student 's ' class periods .	For snack , the children ate fruits and vegetables that they had grown .	The cafeteria ladies prepared the snacks for the kids .
1	The recipe said to add the lemon zest to them .	Joann was making lemon cupcakes .	She did n't think that was right but went for it .	Then , she baked the cupcakes .	They came out with an awkward texture .
2	He walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can .	Harrison needed to take his trash out of his kitchen .	He grabbed the bags and walked out his front door .	When he put the last bag in the can , the whole thing fell over .	After the trash spilled everywhere , Harrison had to clean it up .
3	He caught a few and had fun .	Tony saw a movie he thought was funny .	In it was a scene with kids catching butterflies .	He got a big net and tried to do it himself .	He just let them go right after and kept the memories only .
3	She thought about it for a moment .	Mandy was celebrating Christmas .	She had a lot of gifts and she liked them all .	But her mom asked her what her favorite gift was .	Then she decided that it was the new dollhouse .
1	He felt grumpy at work .	Richie did n't have his morning coffee .	He screamed at his boss for no apparent reason .	Richie felt terrible after he had his coffee .	He went to apologize to his boss .
3	But then Pat became a tour guide in Asia .	Pat always wanted to see the world .	She told her parents , but they worried .	They did n't see how she could earn a living by traveling .	Her parents were so proud , they flew over for a tour !
1	He started doing it .	Sam agreed to make a painting for his sister .	In the middle he lost interest .	After a while he gave up trying to finish .	He apologized to his sister .
2	She studied hard but was n't sure it would be enough .	It was the last day of the term and Kelly had exams .	She was rather nervous about it .	Thankfully however when she took them she did well .	She was thankful she knew it .
0	Max had never played ping pong before .	He just got a new ping pong table and wanted to play with his brother .	His brother had never played before either .	They played four games , and Max lost all four of them .	Max decided he did n't like playing ping pong .
4	I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin .	I was leaving my hometown to go to college .	College was four hours away .	I packed all of my things .	I said goodbye to my girlfriend .
4	Nancy loved cooking with the results of her hard work .	Nancy wanted to start a garden .	She began purchasing seeds and prepping her soil .	Nancy was faithful at caring for her garden .	Before she knew it she had a variety of fresh produce .
0	Tom 's car was n't working right .	So he decided to take it to a mechanic .	The mechanic looked at his car .	Then , he told Tom how much it would cost him to get it fixed .	Tom was very surprised at how much money it would cost .
0	Brian competed in a soccer skills competition .	He dribbled the ball very well through all of the cones .	His shooting skills were terrific too !	Brian took second place at the competition .	Brian decided to practice more so he could take first place next year .
4	Kim had forgotten about the bread .	Kim was nearly finished cooking when she put the bread in the oven .	She then set the table .	She lit a couple of candles for ambiance .	Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room .
0	Alex was walking to work one morning .	Then , he noticed a news crew outside of his favorite coffee shop .	He stopped to listen in for a moment .	Then , they motioned him over to ask him some questions .	Alex got to talk about his favorite type of coffee on the news .
1	Unfortunately their second date was n't going as well .	Jane and Jim had a fun first date .	They were n't sure what changed .	No matter what they tried the chemistry was n't there .	They decided not to go on a third date .
1	Suddenly , a car swerves into him .	Matt was driving on a street .	His car got scratched .	The other car then kept going .	Matt was annoyed but decided not to follow .
3	Her friend John had to go to her and seek help .	Jane was running on top of the building .	She decided to jump across a pipe to get to the other side .	However , she slipped and fell .	Later that day , she was taken to the ambulance .
2	The dentist found two cavities .	Tom went to the dentist .	He was not taking good care of his teeth .	The dentist told Tom that he needed to floss more .	Tom learned his lesson and promised to do better .
1	Mom said she was too tired to cook .	We were all hungry for dinner .	Dad does n't cook .	I suggested we order food from out .	We all agreed on pizza .
3	When she woke , hours had passed .	Nina went to the beach .	She laid down to get a tan .	But then she dozed off .	Nina had gotten a sunburn .
4	She was so excited to be on the show .	Kelly decided to try out for a game show .	It was all about trivia .	She was nervous but it was worth a shot .	When Kelly came back she realized she won .
1	She bet that Ann could n't drink two liters of soda in under an hour .	Ann 's friend made her a twenty dollar bet .	Ann accepted the bet .	She sipped and sipped , and she won the bet !	But she got a terrible stomachache afterwards !
3	Friday morning Ryan felt a sharp pain in his stomach .	Ryan was getting married on Sunday .	So that mean Friday was the bachelor party .	His one last night as a free man .	His appendix burst , and his bachelor party was spent in a hospital .
1	I put on a nice set of clothes .	I was feeling very social one day .	I got into my car and went on the road .	I drove to the mall and met up with friends .	We had food and looked around .
2	I ordered a triple patty hamburger .	I decided to get some lunch .	I went to a hamburger shop .	It gave me very bad gas .	I realized I should not eat so much beef .
2	It had twelve photos , one for each month of her first year .	We had a museum poster on our wall for Years .	Last year our daughter made a poster of her baby .	We took down the old poster and put up a new one .	We put the old poster up in our bedroom .
0	Peter had bought his dad a watch for Christmas .	He was really hoping his dad would like it .	He scrutinized his dad 's face as his dad opened the gift .	At first his dad had no expression , and Peter worried .	But then his dad smiled and Peter knew he loved the gift !
1	She rented a surfboard and went out with her instructor .	Caroline decided to take a surfing class at the beach .	Every time she tried , she ended up falling off and into the water .	After the day of hard work , she decided surfing was n't for her .	Now she likes to build sandcastles when she goes to the beach .
1	We bought lots of fruit .	I went shopping with my grandmother today .	But the apples were my favorite .	She cut them up , and baked a pie with them !	The pie was delicious .
2	One day her mother told her to stop so she does n't get hurt .	Kim loved to ride the Bannister like she saw on TV .	Her mother told her it was dangerous but she kept doing it .	She started only riding it when her mother was n't around .	One day her mother caught her and gave her a spanking .
1	He was having fun and it was bright out .	Sam was swimming at the pool .	All of a sudden clouds rolled in .	It started to rain .	Sam stayed out since he was already wet .
2	She looked left then right .	Katie needed to cross the street by herself .	Being seven , she had n't done it by herself before .	The coast was clear .	She crossed the street successfully and was full of pride .
4	He was mad .	Don liked being powerful .	He decided to run for President so he could be more powerful .	He ran for President .	He lost very badly .
4	Sally is no longer friends with Anne .	Anne likes to play sports and is very competitive .	One day , she challenged Sally to a game of deck hockey .	Sally never played deck hockey before and was very nervous .	Anne was playing roughly and caused an to fall and twist her ankle .
2	Howard said he did n't mean to rub her the wrong way .	Howard did n't think anything could stop his career as a teacher .	But he rubbed the back of a teenage student and she complained .	Howard was suspended and the complaint was investigated .	Howard was fired for inappropriate contact with a student .
1	I researched Congress accomplishments online and found nothing .	The television narrator explained what Congress done this year .	I asked everyone if Congress Accomplished anything and got nothing .	I called my Congressman and surprisingly he answered the phone .	I soon learned Congress had voted themselves a raise this year .
0	Sade caught the bus for the first time .	She paid her fare and sat near the front .	After a while , Frida noticed she was not near her destination .	Frida accidentally got on the wrong bus .	Frida had to get on a different bus to get to her destination .
4	Dominique swam and never looked back .	Dominique was taking swimming lessons .	She was scared of the deep end .	In order to pass her class she had to swim to the deep end .	So her mom pushed her off the edge of the pool .
3	Ted had jumper cables in his car .	Bill accidentally left the lights of his car on overnight .	When he turned the key , the car would not start .	He got out and waved over his neighbor Ted .	With Ted 's help , Bill was able to get his car started .
4	The hard work paid off in the end , and they defeated the rival team .	The team had done well all season .	A game with their biggest rivals was coming up .	The coach had them practicing twice a day to prepare .	The boys were all exhausted but motivated .
0	My friends and I went to the salt plains .	We dug for salt crystals .	We added water and started digging in .	We found a lot of crystals .	We brought them back and shared with our families .
4	The money he got paid for the effort .	Kyle always tried to recycle .	His friends never cared .	He would always do it for them	He would stay after parties collecting cans .
1	He got on his computer and looked it up on the Internet .	Eli heard a term he was very unfamiliar with .	Eli sat there with his mouth open , stunned .	The term meant something very , very inappropriate .	Eli blushed and quickly closed that browser tab !
3	Sobbing , Cal asked them why .	Cal had newly joined a distinguished preparatory school .	He thought he had made friends when the other boys invited him along .	When they were in a room alone though they all beat Cal very badly .	The boys told him it was their way of welcoming kids to the school .
2	One day , Loki lost his favorite Teddy bear .	Antonela had a baby brother named Loki .	Antonela loved Loki very much .	Antonela found Loki 's Teddy bear and gave it back to him .	Now Loki loves Antonela as much as Antonela loves Loki .
4	They finally got together and got married !	Oliver worked in law enforcement .	One of his coworkers was a great friend .	Felicity really liked him , but he did n't want to date her .	Finally she started dating , and he was jealous .
1	He walked in the house from his truck .	Josh just had a check in his hand .	He thought he put it on the table .	He looked back in his truck .	The check was laying on the ground .
3	Thankfully she said yes when he asked her .	Alister needed a date for the school dance .	He decided he was going to ask Susie .	He was nervous she would say no .	They went to the dance and had a good time .
1	The prize was a free inflatable party rental .	Amber was in a basketball challenge .	She wanted in really bad .	She got very lucky and won !	They had a great party with the free inflatable .
1	She went outside to see what it was .	Kelly heard a stone hit her window .	It was her boyfriend .	Kelly then opened the window to sneak out .	However her parents found out and grounded her for a month .
2	Josh 's teacher helped him very much , and soon his reading improved .	Josh was n't a very good reader , and that made him sad .	He asked his teacher for help , and she said yes .	Josh felt much better about himself , and his grades got better , too .	Josh was very grateful to his teacher for helping him .
2	He was so excited !	Nat was born while his dad was in the military .	At age four , his mother told him that he would finally meet his dad .	He dressed up and waited eagerly for his daddy at the door .	When his daddy entered , both males cried with joy !
2	He slightly glanced over drew 's test paper .	Dan was taking an exam .	He freaked out since he study enough for the test .	The teacher noticed And for that brief moment .	He told Dan to bring his test paper to him and he gave him an F .
4	Sally bought $ 600 worth of clothes .	Sally entered a contest for a shopping spree .	She received a call one day .	Sally won the spree .	She got to shop at her favorite store .
4	They never went hiking again .	The Johnson family loved to go hiking .	They hiked every summer .	Last summer they saw a bear on their hike .	They were scared when they saw the bear .
2	He practiced day and night talking into his mirror .	Mitchell was giving his first presentation to a group of people .	He has stage fright and was very nervous .	On the day of the presentation , he went early to practice some more .	He did an amazing job , but he did forget to zipper his pants .
3	One day he took Thor for a ten mile hike .	Thor liked to wake his owner by barking very early in the morning .	His owner wanted to sleep later .	The owner tried many things including ignoring the dog .	Thor did not wake his owner the next morning .
1	He liked being there but not at the moment .	He was outside the cafe early in the morning .	Somebody he knew was inside .	He knew the person but did not like the person .	He planned to stay outside in the cold until that person left .
3	The temperature went up fast .	It was cold when we got up .	We put on long sleeves and jackets .	We went to the park .	We should have worn short sleeves .
1	One of them grabbed it .	Two children were eyeing a toy they wanted .	The other child grabbed it too .	They both tugged and tugged at the toy .	The teacher told them to share and so they did .
3	Recently , the new owners found the old basement while running cable .	Some years ago , there was a shoe factory .	When the building was demolished , the basement was only bricked over .	A new building was constructed , and the old basement forgotten .	They made a fortune selling off the unworn , vintage shoes .
2	He went to the doctor and they ran some tests .	Tony has been feeling really tired and dizzy lately .	He 'll be at work and then all of a sudden he 'll need to sit down .	The doctor told Tony that he is dehydrated and needs to drink water .	Tony never drank too much water but now drinks a gallon a day .
2	She was in pain , but pushed to see her baby girl .	Laurie is going to have a baby today .	She went into the hospital and got all set .	The baby was born , perfect and pink .	Laurie felt so much joy holding her new baby girl .
3	Once he had purchased it , he raised his arms in the air in excitement .	Bill was one of the first people in line to buy the new iPhone .	He stood in line for three hours before the store opened .	When the doors opened , he rushed inside to where they were on display .	He watched with horror as it fell from his hand and its screen broke .
4	Upon landing he realized planes were n't so bad .	Ian had never flown on a plane .	He wanted to travel across the country .	While at the airport Ian became nervous .	He boarded the plane .
3	A cop pulled him over .	Jake was drinking at the club .	He decided to drive home .	He thought he was sober enough .	Jake was given several tickets for driving drunk .
0	Maddie knew that staying home alone was n't a good idea .	The news was filled with stories of young girls in the area dying .	In the middle of the new story , the lights flickered out .	Maddie heard a window shatter , and floorboards creak .	A shadowy figure emerged from the hallway , brandishing a noose
3	Gina was embarrassed until everyone began to dance .	Gina 's music teacher showed them how to dance the Charleston .	The kids all laughed at her .	Until she made them also try the dance .	She began to enjoy herself dancing with the class .
4	All in all , he was very glad he had visited Pompeii .	Neil took a bus trip to the ancient site of Pompeii .	There , he saw the ancient ruins .	He learned about the eruption of Mount Vesuvius .	He was saddened but filled with awe .
0	James was out for a morning walk .	He had forgotten to tie his right shoe .	He tripped over his shoe lace .	He felt onto the grass .	James ended up bruising his knee from his fall .
4	Which of course is where Cal found his keys .	Cal could n't find his keys .	He had a tray by the door for them and they were n't there .	Cal searched everywhere , looking in all the obvious places .	He put his hands in his pockets in frustration .
3	The teacher made everyone put their drinks away .	Michael forgot to study for his final .	He knew if he did n't cheat he would fail .	He taped all his answers into a water bottle .	Michael failed and learned to never cheat again .
0	Frank decided he wanted to have hot dogs for dinner .	He went to the store to buy some hot dogs .	It turns out , the grocery store was out of them !	Frank was so confused .	He then realized he 'd forgotten it was the Fourth of July .
1	I found out at night that my dog is a very noisy sleeper .	I bought a dog for myself when I moved into my new house .	He kept me up most nights for about a month .	I became unproductive at work due to the lack of sleep .	Now I sleep on the couch and my dog gets the whole bed .
1	Chad did n't understand why the animal moved while sleeping .	The dog 's legs began to twitch .	He moved the dog to a more comfortable blanket .	The new blanket smelled of another animal .	The dog got up quickly , leaving sleep behind in the dust .
4	Poor Jerome was the victim of a drive-by shooting .	Jerome was out playing in the street one day .	Suddenly a car pulled up and the window rolled down .	A man stuck his arm out and fired a gun .	Jerome was hit and killed by three bullets !
0	Ianna walked into the bookstore .	The front desk worker greeted her .	He asked if she needed anything .	Ianna decided to give her a paper with a book she was looking for .	The worker immediately found it .
1	The box was really big and took a lot of sand to fill .	Today I build a sandbox for my son .	The box is big enough for my son 's friends to play too .	The sandbox has been a real hit amongst the children .	I am going to build another box for more kids to play in .
3	Ezra decides he needs to be closer to his family .	Ezra has lived far away from his parents for Years .	Although he grew up in New York , he lives in Los Angeles now .	However , one year his mother becomes ill .	He is sad to leave Los Angeles , but happy to be nearby his mother .
4	Even at an old age , I felt healthy again .	My health began to slip as I got older .	My doctor told me to change my diet to eat less fat .	I began to follow his advice while eating .	I ate healthy foods for months and felt a change .
0	Bus drivers were on strike in Amy 's town .	There was limited service , but there was no bus from her job .	Her boss took her downtown to take a bus home .	There were only a few buses so they were all packed .	Amy had to stand on an overcrowded bus 20 minutes to get home .
3	However , all of us decided to meet up inside my aunts house .	The family was having an outside picnic .	Before we had an opportunity to eat , a thunderstorm broke out .	Everyone repacked their belongings and left .	They unpacked the food and continued the day .
1	Sometimes her brother forgets to knock before entering her room .	Emily has a brother that likes to come into her room .	Last week , Emily got mad at her brother for barging in .	She yelled at him for a whole hour .	Emily 's brother learned his lesson about knocking before entering .
1	He saw a guy giving out free ice cream .	Tim was walking one day .	Tim took a huge bowl of it .	The taste was so terrible .	Tim realized that sometimes free is not a good thing .
3	Amy was new to computer so she did n't do very well .	Amy was in the media center in her school library .	She was excited to see what computers were all about .	They had a game called Oregon Trail .	She played the game exclusively afterwards until she won .
2	Inside , there was a cute box with a bow .	Maria was about to have her first baby .	One day she received a package in the mail .	In the box , there was a ton of cute baby clothes .	Maria called the gifter and thanked them .
2	It was very exciting and informational .	Today I got a ride in a helicopter .	We got to fly and look at rock formations .	I decided that I would really like to study geology .	I am going to enroll in my local college for geology classes .
3	His friend gave him one .	Roger had bills to pay soon .	His bank account was dry .	He called up his friend for a loan .	Roger breathed a sigh of relief .
3	We disturbed the people around us .	When we went to the movies last night it was a disaster .	First Meg spilled her popcorn all over the floor .	I spilled my soda trying to clean that up .	Luckily once the movie got going we actually got it together .
2	She came across a creek that she had to walk through .	Kim went hiking up a tall mountain peak one day .	She was not wearing the appropriate shoes .	She fell in the creek and was gently washed by the water .	She honestly felt great after that since it was a warm day .
1	Her daughter was playing around by running inside of the clothes .	Tina was shopping in the mall with her daughter .	However , her child accidentally pulled on one of the hangers .	The entire set of clothes on the rack collapsed on her .	Tina quickly rushed to get her .
4	Her dog is a playful pup .	Whitney 's dog is full of energy .	She is always ready to play .	I went over to her house and she immediately jumped on me .	I threw her a rope and she chased it .
4	Karen hesitated but then thanked him .	Karen was taking a taxi to the store .	When they arrived the driver realized he had n't set the meter .	They had no clue how much it cost .	He waved Karen off , saying that it was on the house .
4	Many cars rushed out of the way to make room for his plane .	Ed took out his airplane for fun on a cloudy day .	Some of the clouds started to get dark as he flew .	Eventually Ed got stuck in a thunderstorm .	He had to land the plane on the road down below .
1	He took a train to the city of Bali .	Neil was visiting Indonesia .	There , he observed the laid-back lifestyle and exotic tropical setting	The waters and landscapes were amazing .	Neil wished he could live in Bali !
3	One promising lead told her to install a file .	Deborah 's computer continuously slowed down .	She searched the internet for the best way to fix it .	She followed all the directions .	Deborah is now in route to the computer repair shop with a dead PC .
0	Fred brought yugioh cards to school .	Everyone else was happy about it .	They all wanted to battle him in the game .	The teacher got angry .	The teacher banned it from the class .
4	The next Sally had her baby brother .	Sally 's mom told her she was going to get a brother .	Sally was excited to be a big sister .	She told he mom she would help babysit .	One night Sally mom went to the ER .
2	After graduation , he started to lose proficiency .	Steven practiced his Spanish in high school .	He became fluent in the language .	One day he met a girl named Marisela who spoke Spanish .	His Spanish improved as he made friends with her .
4	After calling the landlord , Joel moved in .	Joel was moving to the city .	He needed a place to live , but could n't find anything affordable .	Finally , Joel checked the local newspaper .	He saw an ad for a 1 bedroom apartment that he could afford .
4	When she gets home she walks into a surprise party !	Sophie 's birthday is coming up .	She asks her mom if she can have a party .	Her mom says no .	On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend .
4	Tony was very proud of his masterpiece .	Tony was excited to have gotten a camera for Christmas .	He took it out and began planning for his big movie .	He invited all his friends over and gave them parts .	They ran around all day filming .
1	But Brad was very science-minded and he wanted to be a biologist !	Brad 's father was a Navy officer and he wanted Brad to enlist as well .	He knew he would hate to disappoint his dad so he thought and thought .	Finally he found a way to please both himself and his dad .	Brad enlisted - as a Navy researcher !
4	The smell of the cookies reminded me of my childhood .	Today I tried to make a new cookie recipe .	The recipe was given to me by my grandmother .	My grandmother and I used to make cookies together all the time .	The cookies came out just like I remember .
3	They seemed to be for repelling pigeons .	Once , I was walking with my friends in the city .	We were coming home from the park when we saw these strange statues .	They looked just like owls , and they were near the tops of buildings .	They must really have a pigeon problem to go to such lengths .
4	She yelled at me and told me to focus on the lecture .	My Chemistry teacher gave us a lecture on organic compounds .	While taking notes , my eyes began to close .	As much as I resisted , I ended up falling asleep .	Since I sat in the front row of the class , my teacher can see me .
4	When he was done , Steve stood back and admired his work .	Steve wanted to plant a garden in his backyard .	He went to the local nursery to choose plants .	He chose some flowers and some vegetables in pots .	Steve dug holes in the yard to insert the young plants .
1	I went with an old friend from college .	I went to a rap show for the first time in my life .	I thought that I was going to hate it because I do n't like rap .	I actually had a great time and bought a few rap albums there .	Now I 'm avid rap and hip hop listener .
4	She was vacuuming the entire house .	After reviewing several hours for an exam , I went to bed .	Within minutes , I fell asleep .	However , I woke up within a next hour .	When I looked outside , I saw my mom .
3	Finally , he got a couple of interviews .	Ben was a college student with no money .	He decided he needed to get a job .	Been applied all over town to restaurants and stores .	Ben took a job as a waiter .
0	Jake kept hearing a beeping sound in his apartment .	Eventually he found out it was his fire alarm .	It needed new batteries .	The sound was annoying .	Jake replaced the batteries to make it stop .
3	That was a bit surprising since she has always said she wants a boy .	My niece and her husband are having a baby .	He wants to name the baby after his Dad , John .	My niece told me that she hopes the baby is a girl .	When I ask her she just shook her head , pointing at the bathroom .
0	Molly loved to go to the Casino to gamble .	She would always spend a lot .	She took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game .	She lost everything .	Molly never went back to the casino again .
4	Mary laughed and thought it was the funniest zoo trip ever !	Mary loved to visit the zoo .	Today , Daddy took her to see the elephants .	While they watched , one came very close .	Then , it stretched out its trunk and grabbed her daddy 's hat !
4	Finley had peed right there by the door .	Finley was my puppy .	He was n't very well trained .	One day he stood by the door whining .	He caught my attention to let him out , but it was too late .
4	Thankfully , they found her just an hour later !	Tia was lost in the woods .	She had been hiking with her family , but they were separated .	Tia tried to remain calm .	SHe stayed put and waited for her family to find her .
0	Phil 's family was coming to visit .	He had nothing to feed them !	Phil went to the grocery store .	Phil found a rack of lamb on sale .	Phil cooked the lamb for his family .
0	Kell was collecting the eggs from her hens .	She decided to incubate some of them instead of selling them .	She kept them warm under the incubator .	In a few weeks they hatched into chicks .	Kell was so pleased with her cute baby chicks !
3	He also passed the exam packet .	Ian was studying for an exam .	He forgot the material he was supposed for .	The next day , the teacher announced what the exam covered .	Ian became nervous since he studied the wrong material .
1	I went skiing with my family .	I was 12 years old .	I went off on my own on the mountain .	I took a black diamond trail .	I had a very bad accident .
2	She finally finished it .	Bonny wanted to knit a special sweater for her boyfriend .	She looked in his closet to make sure she knew his size .	He tried it on but it was way too small .	She had accidentally used his little brother 's shirt as a guide !
1	Although the bike needed a lot of work , Frank thought he could do it .	Frank bought a vintage bicycle at a neighbor 's yard sale .	He went online and researched how best to fix the bike up .	He purchased what he needed and spent many hours working on it .	After a few days , Frank was finished and the bike was like new .
1	He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie .	Kendall was heading over to the movie theater .	At the theater he found out he did n't have enough money .	Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket .	Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind .
3	When they get there , they see a line of campers .	Jasmine and her dad love Star Wars .	The new movie is about to show in 2 days .	They decide to wait in front of the theater for tickets .	Jasmine and her dad were able to wait and got tickets .
3	Upset , she looked down and found the thief 's dropped wallet .	Susan came home after work .	She noticed a window was smashed open .	Susan went inside to find a lot of her things missing .	The police were able to quickly track him down and get her stuff back .
3	I grabbed my laptop and went outside .	I lived in Austin , Texas .	It was very warm in december .	Luckily , I worked from home .	I worked in my backyard all day in the great weather !
4	His teacher kicked him out of class and he was suspended .	Terrance like bacon , but not so much to get suspended from school .	At lunch he ate a chicken bacon ranch sandwich from Subway .	In chemistry class he fell asleep .	While sleeping he moaned , I love chicken bacon ranch so much .
3	Finally she is finished cleaning the dishes .	Lorraine has just hosted a terrific party .	She feels tired , but realizes that she needs to wash dishes .	She begins by cleaning plates , and then continues by cleaning glasses .	She sleeps soundly after a long but enjoyable day .
2	He decided to changed that .	Tim was sad .	He never hit a homerun playing baseball .	He practiced harder than he ever did in his life .	The next game , he hit the biggest home run ever .
3	The salesclerk told him they could n't accept his donation .	Carlton hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set .	He took it the Goodwill store down the street .	In his car , he silently said goodbye .	He happily took them home .
0	Sam was mowing his front lawn .	He noticed some chirping noises coming from a tree .	He found some baby birds that fell out of a nest .	Sam picked up the baby birds .	He placed them back into the nest in the tree .
2	Donald was able to get into a clinical trial .	Donald was diagnosed with lung cancer .	He was devastated by his diagnosis .	His cancer began to clear up with the treatments .	Today , Donald 's cancer is in remission .
0	Alissa received an invitation to her class reunion .	She reluctantly decided that she would attend it .	The night of the reunion , she saw many people she used to know .	A girl who once bullied her came up to her and apologized .	Alissa was shocked that her bully still remembered about this .
2	Apparently the page had been torn out .	Sam was doing his physic homework .	He noticed that the assignment in his textbook was missing .	Sam was able to find a copy of the page he needed online .	Sam completed his homework and got an outstanding grade .
1	He decided to cook breakfast .	Jake woke up earlier than his girlfriend .	He made enough for both .	By the time she woke up it was ready .	She ate it without ever thanking him for it .
3	But he had no money to move .	Ray lived close to an elementary school .	But he had to listen to the school bell several times a day .	After 10 years , he never got used to it .	One day , Ray yelled and protested outside the school but got arrested .
3	I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my fridge .	Every night I have the same dream .	I dream of chocolate fountains and red candies .	I 'm starting to think that I should n't go to bed hungry .	I found some red candies , ate them and went back to bed .
3	The teacher called on everyone to turn their work in .	Beal begun his assignment as soon as he walked into the class .	He immediately completed the answers on the first page .	However , he took almost the whole class to complete the second test .	Beal turned everything in , despite not finishing his work .
3	I followed the guides , and waited for a few months .	I enjoyed jalapenos and wanted to grow my own .	I went to the store and bought seeds , pots and soil .	I looked online for guides on growing peppers .	Shortly after starting , I had fresh peppers growing in my garden .
0	Tami was looking to adopt a cat from the animal shelter .	She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get .	Tami went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes .	There was a kitten named Milly in a cage that made her heart melt .	She adopted Milly and brought her back home .
3	The leaves caught fire which set her house on fire , burnin it down .	A woman who was afraid of snakes saw one outside her house .	She ran and grabbed some gas and coated the snake .	She set the snake on fire and it slithered into a pile of dried leaves	It was the funniest new article I 've ever read !
1	Her husband needed the car for work .	Raquel had a lot of errands to run .	She took too long running errands .	He was late for work .	They had a big fight about it .
0	Julie decided to go for a hike .	She put supplies in her backpack .	She started down the hiking trail .	It took longer than she thought .	She had to hurry to make it back before sunset .
0	Evan was manning the grill at the company picnic .	He had never grilled meat before .	He did his best , but a lot of the meat burned .	Evan 's coworkers were angry .	Evan apologized for his inexperience .
4	Her boyfriend would n't stop laughing .	Anna did n't want to learn to bowl .	But she went to the bowling alley anyway .	Her boyfriend tried to teach her there .	She threw only gutter balls .
0	April was in love with Andy .	He thought she was too young for him .	He really liked her too .	They finally went on a date .	Not long after they were married !
3	A bus driver , seeing the twister coming , evacuated the bus .	We live in Tornado Alley .	3 years ago , we were hit with an F5 Tornado .	It hit a local elementary school not long after dismissal .	She hurried them into a safe place and no one was harmed .
3	Her shoes were very dirty .	Alice was caught in the rain as she walked into work .	She thought about taking a short through the grass to save time .	She quickly walked through the muddy grass .	Alice was not happy with her choice to go through the grass .
3	He gives out free samples to anyone who 's curious .	Kevin started a cricket farm in Ohio .	He munches on his merchandise in front of people .	Kevin forced the FDA to inspect him by doing food processing .	Kevin wants to help save the world , and make money doing it .
3	The girl from Miami confronted Tom at his job .	Tom started dating his coworker Ariana .	Tom gets accused of cheating on Ariana with a girl he met in Miami .	Tom denied the allegations .	Tom got caught in his lie .
3	But then after high school , Mike went into pilot training .	Mike loved planes , and he talked about them often .	He said he wanted to fly planes someday .	His dad feared Mike was n't being realistic .	He proved his dad wrong , and made his whole family proud !
0	Nigel wanted a pair of Heelys .	All of the cool kids had them .	He begged his mom if she 'd buy him a pair .	She brought him home a pair .	They were n't Heelys but they were the generic shoes with four wheels .
0	Katy loved her new phone .	She bought an expensive case for it online .	It was supposed to arrive in a few days .	Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone .	The screen cracked and it wo n't work right anymore .
2	Felix ran to a nearby teacher and asked for help because of the pain .	Felix was playing in the school playground .	While playing on the slide , a bee flew up to him and stung him .	His face began to swell up and the school nurse treated him .	After a few hours , Felix began to feel a little better .
2	She decided today that she needed to organize things .	Samantha had a shelf full of books in her bedroom .	The books were scattered about her room and in random order .	She grouped together all of the series and books from the same author .	When it was all done , she felt so much less stressed .
4	The chef criticized her food .	Jamie handed her dish to the chef .	He took one bite out it	He spit out the food in the mouth .	Jamie was immediately shocked .
0	Angela works in the adult film industry .	She 's happy and confident in herself .	People judge and ridicule Angela .	She gets depressed and sad .	Now Angela works as an accountant .
3	Finally , I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog .	I was having a hard time picking out a gift for my mother .	It was almost Christmas and I wanted to get her something really good .	I searched high and low , all over the mall .	I had found the perfect Christmas gift .
4	Kim ended up needing to use the sick bag on this flight .	Kim had n't eaten much the day she was going out of town by plane .	On the plane she woke nauseous .	She asked for salt , but all they had were salted peanuts .	She ate them , and got sicker .
0	One December day , I was feeling pretty sad .	I decided that a walk might cheer me up .	I walked outside and it was very foggy .	I walked down the streets and saw christmas light on houses .	I walked back home and felt better .
4	Billy did n't have that much money .	Jim burned CD 's for extra cash .	He would sell them to his friends .	Billy asked him to make him a CD .	Jim charged him twenty dollars .
2	The ball hit the rim and bounced in .	Ben played basketball with his friends .	As a joke he threw the ball behind his back at the hoop .	Ben 's friends went wild with excitement .	Ben Sherman back was still turned so he was confused .
3	Then he hit it with a hammer for a long time .	Jim bought a safe to hold all his guns .	He tried to break into the safe to test out its strength .	Jim swung a bat at the safe but nothing happened .	Eventually the door popped open .
1	She placed several coffee beans into the machine with water .	My mom went into the kitchen to prepare coffee .	The machine ended up shaking and the cup spilled .	My mom 's shirt ended up soaked .	In addition , her stomach was burning from the hot water .
4	The winner let out a victory yell at this sight .	Two friends were in a heated game of checkers .	One friend made a few kings and the other did n't .	The game became very one-sided .	The losing friend got mad and knocked the board over .
2	It was easier for him to stay in than to risk his health shoveling .	Pastor Brown lived next door .	One year there was a terrible snowstorm .	I hated seeing him stuck so I decided to help .	It took all day but I finally cleared his steps and driveway .
2	She would do everything possible to never see one .	Mila hated seeing mirror .	She was convinced someone else was trapped in it .	She stayed at her friends house and they happened to collect mirrors .	She had such a severe anxiety attack her mom forced her into therapy .
1	He always decided it was never the right time .	Frank wished he could have the courage to ask Marie on a date .	One day , he bumped into her in a coffee shop .	Marie bought him coffee and asked him to join her .	It turns out that Frank did n't have to ask !
1	One day , my father passed away .	I was very religious .	God was not there to save him .	I renounced God .	I realized I had been naive with my belief in God .
4	Bob was happy to make a difference in dog 's life .	Bob sat around all day .	And he thought he was useless .	But he saw a lost dog outside of his house .	And he decided to take care of him .
0	Our dog , Brody , needed some vaccinations we realized on Monday .	After calling the vet , we took him to get these vaccinations .	Once we arrived , the people were very nice to us .	It did n't take long at all for him to be seen and get his shots .	These people were awesome and now our dog feels great !
0	Martha was very excited to get her very first cell phone today .	Martha drove over to the Verizon store and browsed the iphones .	A salesperson was happy to help Martha pick the perfect phone .	Martha ended up picking a pink iphone 6s that was just devine .	As Martha drove home , she was bursting with happiness .
3	Others saw him do it .	Jake wanted to do something good .	He wanted to clean up the neighborhood .	One day he took a bag and picked up trash .	Eventually a few joined in as well .
4	When his parents returned home with the dog , the house was finished !	Tad 's parents told him they were bringing him home a puppy !	Tand was so excited !	He went right to his garage and started crafting a dog house .	He hammered and sanded and painted all afternoon .
0	Bill saved up a lot of money to buy a new computer .	He went to the store and saw a computer he really liked .	He bought the computer and spent all of his money .	He was very excited and brought the computer home .	But when he opened the box , he saw the computer was broken !
0	Marly adored the wedding ring her husband Chris gave her .	He had saved for months to buy it , and both of them were proud of it .	But one day Marly took it off briefly , and lost track of it after .	Both searched frantically , but could n't find it and gave up hope .	Two weeks later Marly found it while gardening , and was ecstatic .
4	But instead , he discovered America !	Columbus wanted to find a route to India .	He felt sure he could sail west and arrive there .	He got ships from the Spanish rulers .	Then he sailed west to discover India .
3	He walked in and was greeted by family and friends .	Tom got up early and got ready for his day .	He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best .	He got in his car and drove to where his mom was .	He then approached the coffin and said his goodbye to his mom .
3	She called me down for dinner just as I finished .	My mom told me not to snack before dinner .	I waited until she left the kitchen and grabbed a bag of potato chips .	I ran to my room and ate the chips as fast as I could .	She saw the crumbs on my face and sent me to my room without eating .
0	Gray had a lot of toys , but his favorite was his bouncing ball .	The ball had a handle that he could hold on to while he bounced .	He bounced on his ball every day , from morning until night .	One day , Gray bounced so hard his bouncing ball popped .	He was so sad , but his mom went and bought him another bouncing ball .
4	His boss told him to never let it happen again .	Allen was late getting out of bed this morning .	He was stuck behind a red light on the way in .	After the light he drove behind a slow school bus .	He got to work 15 minutes late because of this .
1	It was a great time .	Sasha went camping last month .	However , it was freezing cold .	Everybody had to bring several heating pads and bundle up .	Regardless , he seemed to enjoy it .
0	Yesterday I went to the town fair .	The weather was hot and humid .	After I went on a ride I started to feel sick .	I immediately went to the trash can .	I ended up getting sick .
0	Molly was thrilled to see a lady in a mermaid suit in an aquarium .	Later , she saw the mermaid at the mall , without her tail .	Molly cried and said the mermaid was a fake .	The mermaid whispered to Molly , and the little girl smiled .	She was glad the mermaid got her wish for one day .
1	However , this was a different thanksgiving .	Thanksgiving is usually ok .	All my extended family came to visit .	This seemed good at first , but it was a mistake .	All they did was argued .
0	My cat loves getting treats .	She goes above and beyond in an effort to earn them .	We recently had a mouse get inside .	She woke us up by playing with the mouse on our bed .	Even though I was angry , I gave her a treat .
1	They arrived at the field .	Ed challenged his friends to a softball game .	The boys started to play .	Ed played better than any of them .	He easily won the game !
1	He bought a large house outside of town .	Oswald decided to buy a house in the country .	When he moved in , Oswald found a bat in the attic .	He ran from the bat and hid in his closet .	Oswald regretted moving to the country .
2	Wendy tried baking some goods , and selling them one day .	Wendy loved to cook , but had no money .	Her friends encouraged her to make a living out of her cooking .	Wendy made so much money , she was able to pay her bills .	Nowadays , Wendy does what she loves , and also pays her way cooking .
1	He did not like playing with balls .	I adopted a dog .	So , I covered a ball in peanut butter .	Now , my dog was obsessed with the ball .	Alas , he became sick from eating all of the peanut butter on the ball .
1	It heated the bread for several minutes in order to toast it .	I threw the whole wheat bread into the toaster .	I had difficulty taking out the bread since it was stuck .	When I took one loaf out , part of it was left in the toaster .	However , I ate the part that I took out .
0	It was a really cold day outside .	Jim was getting ready to go to work .	He tried to open the door of his car to start it .	It was frozen shut .	Jim had to use a hairdryer to unfreeze his door handle .
4	Now he 's fit and muscular !	Cosmo was a pudgy cat .	He did nothing but sleep and eat .	One day , he got an exercise ball .	He started running more than he ever had before .
0	Dan shivered because he was cold .	He 'd gotten so engrossed in work he had n't started a fire .	Dan looked at the time and saw how late it was .	Instead of starting a fire he put on more layers of clothes .	Dan was warm enough to last until bed time .
2	Joe put the towel on the sand and sunned himself all day .	Joe went to the beach .	Joe brought a towel with him .	Joe 's back was solid red , because he forgot the sunscreen .	Joe had to sleep on his chest for a month .
0	The queen ruled all of Egypt .	She was very beautiful and very wise .	One day , a plague came to egypt and many suffered .	The queen called her advisors together and they made a plan .	The queen saved her kingdom .
3	Al 's mother was walking towards them .	Joe met his friend Al at the bus stop .	They decided they would skip school to go to the arcade .	As Joe was putting a quarter into a machine he looked up .	She had seen them through the window as she was passing by .
3	One day Charlie 's parents told him that they had very exciting news .	Charlie is an only child .	He has always wanted a baby brother to play with .	He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day .	Charlie will be getting a new brother in a few months !
1	Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad	Lily 's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement .	She decided to purchase the iPad mini .	After deliberating for a while she went with the silver model .	In the end it was a great choice and she was happy .
3	She really helped him turn his life around .	Nate was failing a lot of classes .	He got a nerdy tutor girl to help him .	He fell in love with her .	Soon they were married .
1	He noticed that everyone else had already left for lunch .	Don was ready for his lunch break from working at the office .	He punched the button and waited patiently for the elevator .	After some time , all six elevators opened and his coworkers came out .	They greeted him with a cake and lunch for his birthday .
3	He met the performer after the show and confessed his admiration .	Samson loved to watch his favorite celebrity 's performances .	At one live stage concert , his idol came out wearing a stunning dress .	Their gorgeous look inspired Samson to want to look like that too !	He was overjoyed when his icon gave him the dress to wear himself !
1	She walked to her car .	Donna was late to her hospital job .	A giant explosion of confetti happened , covering Donna .	Donna 's brother laughed hysterically .	Donna had to go back inside and change her clothes .
2	The person was nice but seemed a little unsure about answering Carol .	30-something Carol had just moved to a new country .	She found the local college and spoke to someone about taking classes .	She told Carol that she could take classes if she wanted .	Carol found out that in this country , college was high school .
0	Beckett was a hungry little boy .	He asked his mom to make him lunch .	She made him a grilled cheese sandwich .	It was so yummy !	Now Beckett has a full belly .
1	A visiting pastor asked if he might play it .	A church had a pipe organ that no one had played in years .	They managed to fire up the airbox for him .	When he started to play , huge clouds of dust came out of the pipes .	Everyone ran outside , sneezing horribly .
0	Anna won a pair of tickets for a cruise .	She invited her boyfriend , Zach , to join her .	Zach agreed to go even though he hates boats .	While on the cruise , Zach got terrible motion sickness .	Anna had to take care of him the entire trip .
4	She did n't answer .	Jim asked Brooke if they can go out .	She told him to pick her up around 8 o'clock .	When Jim arrived to the house , she was n't there .	Therefore , he called her on the phone .
4	He now loves cowboy boots .	Josh was going to the rodeo .	He did not have any boots .	He did not want to be made fun of by his friends .	He finally bought some boots .
4	The judge granted his request and Aiden was now Jake .	Aiden always hated his name .	He was deeply traumatized by his name for years .	Kids in school always made fun of his name .	When Aiden was an adult he went to court petitioned for a new name .
3	Sasha talked to her friend , and they discussed how Sasha was feeling .	Sasha and her best friend knew each other for Years .	However , her friend met a new friend and began talking to her less .	Sasha was very hurt .	Sasha 's friend made more of an effort to hang out with her .
2	The finch was so flustered he could barely hold his bowels .	The finch flew low across the street .	A Porsche failed to slow down and nearly hit the finch .	He alighted on a cable above the Porsche at a red light intersection .	Revenge was his .
4	Luckily , the fire was n't too bad .	Ginger was in her bathroom washing her hands .	Suddenly , she smelled smoke .	She ran into the living room and saw a fire from a candle .	She quickly grabbed her extinguisher and tried to put it out .
4	Now I make scarves for everyone else , too .	I made a warm scarf for my mom .	She loved it .	She wore it every day .	Everyone commented on how nice her scarf was .
2	Christine conducted research to see which type of tree would fit her .	Christine was looking into a Christmas tree .	Christine was deciding between a real or artificial Christmas tree .	After researching , Christine decided to purchase an artificial tree .	Christine was glad to see her tree decorated in living room .
1	They got in their car and drove to Dairy Queen .	Bob wanted to take his daughter out for ice cream .	Bob ordered 2 chocolate sundaes .	He paid with cash and left the restaurant .	He forgot spoons so they had to wait until they got home to eat .
4	At the end of the night , she was thrilled she ate there .	Kelly was so excited to go to SUR restaurant for the first time	She had seen the waitstaff on television and was excited to meet them .	When she got to the restaurant she was greeted sweetly .	While she was eating her meal , Kelly was happy how great the food was .
4	It had found a safe home of sorts before time ran out .	April observed the crab on the beach mindfully .	It had no shell , which she thought was peculiar .	Keeping her distance , she saw it eventually find a larger shell .	As it entered it , she realized what was going on .
4	My grandmother simply walked away .	My family was preparing beef soup for the entire family	She placed the meat first , in order to cook it fast .	The vegetables were poured afterwards .	When everyone ate the soup , they complained about what 's wrong .
3	Sally 's bike crashed at the bottom of the hill .	One day , Sally was riding her bike down a steep hill .	Right before the bottom of the hill , Sally tried to stop .	However , she was going too fast !	Now , Sally remembers to be more careful when she rides her bike .
2	She did n't know which place was the best offer .	Janet was hungry for lunch .	She had lots of coupons .	Eventually she finally decided .	But by then her lunch hour was over .
4	Then he punched the man trying to rob the bank , who did n't have a gun .	Anita went inside her bank expecting to make a withdraw .	The man behind her yelled everyone get down , he had a gun .	Anita ducked but another man did n't .	He told the bank robber to show his gun .
4	She found it satisfying and decided to become a social worker .	Patty had a traffic ticket .	She had no money to pay the ticket .	The judge told Patty that she could volunteer in lieu of paying .	Patty agreed to volunteer .
4	Cans went flying everywhere on the road !	A man drove his car on the road when his phone rang .	He reached into his pocket to pull it out .	In doing so he lost control of his car .	The car veered to the side of the road and hit a bucket of cans .
4	I fell asleep next to it .	I was very , very tired .	So I put on my pajamas .	I went to make my bed .	However , there was an alligator in my bed .
3	Leila hugged the elephant .	Leila went on safari in Africa .	Leila was excited to see the elephants .	After an hour of searching , Leila found an elephant .	Leila would remember the safari for many years to come .
1	They wanted to announce it in a fun way .	Matt and Sarah were pregnant .	They wrote it on a cake .	Then , they invited their friends over .	When their friends saw the cake , they were excited .
3	She anxiously awaited to see if the other players were still in .	Karen went to a casino to play poker .	She had brought along $ 500 to play and felt lucky that night .	During a heated game , she was felt like she had good cards .	Karen screamed when the players retired and she won the jackpot .
4	It looked good and he was thankful that they had begun talking again .	Finn 's mom and dad had been separated for a while .	He always wished they would come back together .	He invited them both to his baseball game .	He saw that they met each other and began talking .
4	He immediately spit the water out .	Gary took a sip of the fruit punched .	He was really happy since it tasted good .	He asked his family about the person who made it .	His mom said that Jeff made it .
0	Jane 's daughter sue came to her with a nose bleed .	Jane told the child to hold her head back and hold a tissue .	Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her .	The child kept pushing the tissue away and crying .	20 minutes later the nosebleed stopped and Jane had a mess to clean .
4	He did n't eat candy for a week .	Skip liked to eat candy .	He just made a bunch of it for xmas .	Chocolate was his favorite so he ate all that he made .	Skip started feeling sick later that day .
4	When Sammy died , Sally just knew she 'd see her again one day .	For the past 15 Year 's , Sally was inseparable from her favorite dog .	She got Sammie as a birthday present and they adored each other .	When Sally moved to the big city , Sammie was her constant companion .	Sammie loved car rides , so Sally took her anytime she could .
1	She took it home and cleaned it up with a fresh coat of paint .	Sarah bought a flower pot at a yard sale for one dollar .	Sarah decided to go to the flower shop and buy a plant for it .	She bought a rose bush and planted it in the pot .	Two weeks later it had little pink roses blooming on it .
0	My new job requires me to be on my feet all day .	After a couple weeks , I developed a pain in the heel of my left foot .	So I decided to rest my feet for a few days .	I 've avoided walking and have been massaging my feet regularly .	The pain is still there but I think it is starting to diminish .
3	On Valentine 's Day morning , he told her not to cook dinner that night .	Ruth and Henry have been married for 25 Year 's .	Ruth complained to her friends that Henry was n't romantic .	She did not expect anything from him on Valentine 's Day .	He took her on a surprise date to dinner and a movie !
1	Erin and her friends are going to an amusement park .	Erin hates roller coasters .	Her friends want her to ride a roller coaster .	They dare her to ride one .	She rides the roller coaster and screams the entire time .
0	My family vacations every summer .	Last year , we went to the Ozarks .	We took our camper and stayed in a campground .	The kids had a blast swimming and fishing .	We were not ready for the vacation to be over .
1	Every time Fanny would play piano , the cat would respond .	Fanny and her husband adopted a cat .	The husband started to become jealous of the attention she gave it .	He finally told her it was him or the cat .	Fanny 's cat purrs quietly on top of the piano as she plays .
0	Carmen was driving .	Her tire went flat .	She pulled over and changed the tire .	I need to get new tires she thought .	Later that week she bought a set of tires .
4	She made a mental note not to send him to the store anymore .	Mandy sent her husband to the store for cheese .	She told him to only get cheese .	When he came home , he had three bags of groceries .	Mandy shook her head in disbelief .
2	He was looking for her dad .	Gina was in a hurry to get to the store .	She 'd just stepped out the gate when her neighbor stopped her .	She had no idea where he was , but he was holding her up .	She smiled politely and began her journey .
4	The teacher was impressed that Nell drew an X-ray of an animal .	Nell 's teacher admired her artistic student .	She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of animals .	Nell enjoyed the project , matching animals to the letters .	When she came to the letter X , Nell was stumped .
3	But , he continued to train hard and focus on winning .	Boris had a baseball game coming up .	It was his first game ever .	Boris was terrified .	His team won the game because Boris hit the winning home run .
4	It was n't beef he bought it was lamb !	Tim was making jerky .	He had all the ingredients .	Beef , spices , and his new dehydrator .	But he looked at the package of meat .
4	His manager fired him .	Daren works at a retail job .	He finds a beautiful girl .	He started flirting with her .	He ended up getting caught by his manager .
4	Ed has not touched a drink since her birth , seven years ago .	Ed liked to drink , but he often got carried away .	He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend , but failed .	When they wed , he thought he could stay clean for his wife , but no .	Then his wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl !
3	He woke up the next day , and was horrified at what he did .	Johnny was a very experimental guy .	He decided to experiment with another male .	He got drunk , invited over a gay friend and made out with him .	He kicked his friend out and never talked to him again .
3	Jeff discovered what he wanted to do with his life .	Jeff is very strong and muscular .	He loved to help friends with lifting furniture .	He helped his best friend move one day .	Jeff started his own moving company .
1	They gathered some dry wood together .	Jamie and his son were camping .	During the night , they rested by the fire .	He fell asleep there and awoke to his son 's prodding .	Jamie received a lecture about fire safety from his own son !
3	She kept my pace as long as her little legs could keep up .	I was walking to the store one day .	I noticed a baby possum nearby .	The possum saw me and started following me !	Eventually , she veered off into the thick brush .
3	Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie .	Jean needed to give her dog Tiny a flea pill .	She stuck the pill in a chunk of cheese to fool her pet .	Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away .	Tiny stood on her legs to grab the rare treat .
4	She decided to walk her bike home to spare the worms .	It was getting dark and Amy needed to get home .	As she rode her bike she was running over worms .	They were everywhere she looked .	The covered the road in anticipation of the rain .
1	They arrived at the orchard George picked .	Mary asked George to drive her to the apple orchard .	Mary was quite upset .	George was confused about her reaction .	They left the horse apple orchard before George figured it out .
1	He wa excited to have his first cookout .	Dan bought a bbq grill this afternoon .	He put the charcoal in and added the lighting fluid .	He did n't know you should n't use the whole bottle of fluid .	Dan needs to buy a new grill and patio deck now .
4	She did n't mind , because she loved pandas , even if they were lazy .	Marilyn loved pandas .	She went to the zoo to see them .	She made her way down to the panda enclosure .	All the pandas were sleeping .
1	However , he does not know what to cook for them .	Javier decides to invite his friends to his home to have brunch .	He decides to make a batch of waffles .	He serves the waffles with berries and maple syrup .	All of Javier 's friends are impressed with the brunch he made .
2	And the locals were friendly !	Neil was bicycling around Ireland .	He loved the small towns .	But those were n't Neil 's favorite things .	His favorite thing was the beautiful Irish countryside !
1	His mom warned him to be careful with the plate .	Andrew made a plate of spaghetti and walked toward the table .	Andrew was n't careful and he spilled the spaghetti on the floor .	His mom was upset that he did n't listen .	Andrew had to clean up the mess and was sorry he had upset his mom .
3	He could n't afford to buy a new one .	Craig was very good at playing guitar .	He practiced everyday .	His guitar got stolen from his house .	His life was never the same without his guitar .
1	It began to feel jagged so he called the dentist .	About a week ago Bob 's tooth broke in his mouth while eating .	Bob hates going to the dentist because it always hurts .	He arrived at the dentist feeling apprehensive .	The dentist was nice but needed to clean his teeth first .
4	A flight attendant gave her water and she felt fine afterwards .	Jenna was flying to Florida for vacation .	It was her first time on an airplane .	She sat nervously in her seat .	She almost fainted when they got into the sky .
1	He worked hard at his chores to earn the allowance every week .	Jeremy 's mom began to pay him an allowance .	He decided to save his money until he had $ 100 .	He saved his money for ten weeks .	His mother took him shopping at his favorite store .
4	Now , she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times .	Willow really wanted to have fresh herbs to enjoy year-round .	She bought seeds and starter pots to sprout .	They were placed where they would get plenty of sun .	Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots .
2	The bread and drinks were delivered late .	My wife and I went out to dinner on Valentine 's Day .	We went to a restaurant near our home .	The entrees arrived only minutes after the appetizers .	We still gave a good tip , as the waitress was nice .
1	Last week he finally decided to buy a boat .	My dad always loved the sea .	He got a beautiful one with big sails .	It 's big enough to live in .	He said he would come back eventually , but I doubt it .
1	The coach would beg him every year to play for the team .	Steve was the best baseball player at his school .	Steve was nervous that he would n't play well under pressure .	The coach convinced him to come to one practice as a tryout .	Steve performed well with everyone watching and ended up joining !
2	Nancy was too scared to try again .	Nancy 's dad tried to teach her to ride a bike on the road .	When he gave the bike a push , Nancy and the bike tumbled over .	Later , Nancy visited at a friend who had an extra bike .	Nancy learned to ride with the friend riding alongside .
0	A guy confronted Lucy .	He said that he loved her and wanted to spend some time with her .	She froze for a brief second .	However , she lied to him and said that she has a boyfriend .	He immediately walked away .
0	I found a trolley part in the garbage near a carhouse .	It was the controller on a 1930s trolley .	I put it up for sale on eBay .	I made $ 59 .	I went back to the carhouse but found nothing else .
1	Suddenly , she saw something on a bench .	Nina was walking through the park .	It was a wallet , and she dug through it .	She found an ID and figured that she could turn it into the owner .	Instead , she decided to keep it for herself .
2	He waited patiently for a fish to nibble his line .	Mike always loved to go fishing .	One day , he went to the lake and set his gear up .	He finally felt a tug and snapped his fishing pole to hook the fish !	He was so excited to show his friends his catch !
4	Jackson now lives with the guilt of being a thief .	Jackson stole a wallet at a party on Friday .	He took all of the cash and threw the wallet in the trash .	Jackson was questioned by the host of the party about the wallet .	Jackson lied and said he did n't see anyone take it .
1	He was visiting his uncle who had blueberry bushes .	Bobby was a city boy and thought all fruit came in containers .	Bobby could n't believe he could pull blueberries off and eat them .	They were the freshest berries he 'd ever tasted .	He kept going back for more throughout the day .
4	Jen then burned the cookies .	Jen wanted to bake cookies .	She found a recipe .	She bought ingredients .	She mixed them all up .
4	When Jen 's get home her mother she grounds her for a month .	Jen 's mother does not approve of the way she is dressed for school .	So she makes her change into new clothes .	Jen hides the clothes in her bag and changes back into them at school .	The school principal calls to complain about what Jen is wearing .
1	In order to make ends meet I ate peanut butter sandwiches a lot .	When I first moved here I was very poor .	I did n't mind for a while but after a few months it got tiresome .	I was excited when I recently got a better paying job .	The extra money would help me add variety to my diet .
3	Chester now had the confidence to face his bullies .	Chester was always bullied at school .	His friend Carter decided to teach him how to fight .	Chester trained with Carter for several weeks .	Chester got his revenge when he beat them all up .
1	The traffic was congested since an accident occurred recently .	I was driving to the sports bar .	Since the traffic was huge , I ended up reaching to the bar late .	Me and my wife met up with the bartender .	He said that our reservations are declined since there 's a full house .
4	Since they were looking for that cat , they offered me an award .	I was walking on the street .	A cat approached me .	Since it seemed friendly , I gave it some food .	A group of people suddenly appeared and thanked me .
1	I made sure I went to the airport on time .	Yesterday I had a flight to New York .	However to my surprise I missed my flight .	Security took too long .	Luckily I was able to get a new flight .
3	Taylor waited in line for a copy of the new game .	Taylor likes video games .	He really wanted a new game .	Everybody else also wanted the same new game .	He played the game for hours when he got home .
2	But as soon as she got home they all milled around .	Gina bought a whole box of round fudge snack cakes .	She did n't intend to share them with her siblings .	She only had 8 cakes , and wanted to save them for later .	By the time they left she was down to 3 .
3	He proceeded to slip and slide .	Zach walked into the store .	He saw the wet spot on the floor .	He walked up to the wet spot .	Because his pain was not convincing , he was cited for fraud .
4	Riley ran to her mom crying while carrying the broken board .	Riley wanted to learn to skateboard really badly .	She spent weeks asking her mom for a skateboard .	Her mom finally bought her one and Riley brought it outside .	Just as she began to try to ride it , she fell on it , breaking it .
1	One child remained hidden for the entire game and no one found her .	The kids began to play hide-and-go-seek in the backyard .	They called her for hours but to no avail .	One child began to panic and cry .	They never found her but one was was every sure she even played .
4	I think it would be mean .	My 98 year old friend Joe had a poetry reading last night .	He started writing when he was eighty .	His daughter played violin while he recited .	I think his poetry is simplistic but did not tell him so .
2	Billy eventually gave up and bought a new hat .	Billy lost his favorite hat .	He looked all over the place , but could n't find it .	When he arrived home , he almost immediately found his lost hat .	Now Billy has two favorite hats .
2	It was supposed to be just the two of us .	I planned a romantic getaway with my girlfriend .	We rented out a log cabin in the woods .	Somehow my annoying brother found out .	He showed up with a bunch of friends and threw a party .
3	I think it must be that the wind often blows from the west .	Bill and Lynn are my neighbors to the west .	In the winter they burn a wood stove for heat .	Ever since I had to cut down my trees my house fills with smoke .	Sometimes it is so bad that I want to sell my house !
3	She watched the videos .	Lillah wanted to learn a new song to sing .	She went on the internet and searched for songs .	She found several videos teaching the itsy bitsy spider .	Lillah performed the songs she learned for her family .
3	Everything is great until two mob goons show up looking for David .	Jack gets mistaken for famous chef David Miller at a local restaurant .	He is going to tell them the truth until the give him their best table	They continue to pamper him all night thinking he is David Miller .	They leave when Jack 's shows them a picture of the real David Miller .
1	He took out a saw and began to cut a hole in his roof .	A man wanted to put in a skylight in his house .	The saw gave him a hard time so he took a break .	The man laid down on the roof to unwind a bit .	In doing so he carelessly dropped the saw from the roof .
1	But he wanted to have fun .	Carl was playing Frisbee with his brother and his dog .	So he tried to catch it with his mouth like his dog .	But Carl hurt his mouth and broke teeth .	Carl 's brother felt very embarrassed .
4	He did n't worry anymore !	Andy had a lot of information online .	He was always worried about hackers .	Getting hacked would be awful .	He bought some great virus software .
3	The supervisor told Greg to make a new label for the mislabeled one .	At the factory Greg saw that two different parts had the same number .	He brought this to the attention of a supervisor .	The supervisor looked up the part and saw that one was mislabeled .	After Greg made the label , there was no more confusion with parts .
0	Karen moved to a new city .	She started working with others and made many friends .	She started to become promoted and was very successful .	She landed an interview for her dream job as an executive .	When she landed the job she knew all the work was worth it .
0	Bill was looking forward to a quiet weekend at home .	His daughter called him from college to say her car was broke down .	Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car .	He was going to spend his weekend traveling .	Bill fixed her car but missed out on the quiet weekend .
3	Unfortunately , she struck the deer .	My friend took a ride in her car with her sister .	She lives in a rural part of Colorado .	As she was driving , a deer ran in front of her car !	Her car was ruined .
1	There were lots of people at the beach .	Today Ally went to the beach .	The sun was very hot .	Sally forgot sunscreen	Sally had to go home .
1	The boat has all of the options and very expensive .	I recently bought a new boat to take the family out on the lake .	On the first trip I put a big dent in the side .	I felt bad and decided to have it fixed .	I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged .
3	It was coming from my next door neighbor 's house .	I heard a loud noise last night .	The noise woke me up from sleeping .	I went outside to see where the noise was coming from .	I went over and ask him to turn the music down .
0	Jim was invited to dinner by a pretty girl .	But he was very nervous .	He did not know if his manners were adequate !	His mom convinced him to go on the date despite his fear .	Jim had a great dinner and was exceedingly polite !
0	Jimmy was walking home from school .	A scruffy brown dog timidly approached him .	He knelt down to pet the dog and the dog licked his face .	The dog wound up following him all the way home .	When Jimmy got home , his mother let him keep the dog !
2	Then she remembers she has nail polish .	Roxy notices her nails look plain .	She has n't painted them in months .	Roxy picks out a color to paint her nails .	Now her nails are beautifully painted .
1	But she was enjoying being cooler than her friends .	Gina was supposed to introduce Tami to the cool kids .	Her friend Tami stayed by her side for recess .	Gina avoided the cool kids so Tami could n't talk to them .	Gina decided one more day could n't hurt .
2	Her pipes froze too .	Another winter storm hit last week .	My aunt 's power got knocked out .	She 'll be staying at our house while everything gets fixed .	Unfortunately that may take weeks .
3	The barber took the electric razor and was finished in two minutes .	Tim sat at the salon and waited for his turn .	He was a bit nervous about shaving his head .	One of his best friend had shaved his head and now it was his turn .	Tim sat there , stunned at his new look .
2	The car stopped on me just blocks from the house .	I was driving home from work last night .	I did n't notice the gas gauge was so low .	I had to walk the rest of the way .	Now I have to go get gas to put in the stranded car .
3	I tried to ask for a new phone but my boss told me no .	My boss gave me a company phone .	It was brand new so I was excited to use it .	I realized that the phone had terrible service .	I got angry and smashed the phone on the floor .
0	Tim and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep .	They decide to keep him even though their landlord does n't allow pets .	When their landlord finds out he demands that they get rid of the dog .	The next day they see a flyer with a picture of the missing puppy .	They reluctantly decide to give the dog back to it 's owner .
4	Now she needed to figure out how she would get the water to her car .	Gina arms were still shaking as she checked out .	She had exerted herself carrying gallons of water in a basket .	They still trembled as she swiped the water bottles .	And as she searched her purse for her wallet .
4	Ed ended up talking with his friends on the phone the whole trip .	Ed was going on a vacation to Florida .	He went by himself .	He sat in his hotel lonely .	He wished he had gone with friends .
1	He loves watching movies .	I took my 3 year old to the movie theater .	I thought he would sit and watch the movie , but I was wrong !	The entire time he kept fidgeting and talking .	I will not take him to the movies again until he 's a bit older .
2	He searched his whole house and could not imagine where it went .	Kyle took out a book from the library .	He read it and then misplaced it in his messy home .	He found it months later under a pile of newspapers .	Kyle brought it back to the library and had to pay a big fine .
4	The spider was washed down the drain .	I was washing my hands .	I noticed a large spider in the sink .	I turned on the faucet .	I sprayed the spider with water .
4	Much to their amazement , she won three games in a row .	Bonny watched as the older kids played bocce ball on the lawn .	They thought since she was younger she was n't as good as them .	Little did they know she was an excellent player .	When one of the girls had to go home , they finally let her play .
0	Becky wanted to impress her pals .	She showed them her dad 's prized collection of rocks .	When her pals begged , Becky let them each keep a rock .	The pals left , and Becky looked at the empty spaces in the collection .	She walked along the road picking up rocks to fill the spaces .
4	He checked it but it was completely broken .	Stephen was at a party .	He had been drinking quite a lot .	With some egging on from friends , he decided to jump in the pool .	Then , he realized that his phone was in his pocket .
2	Saul had a daring plan to rob a bank .	Ned was afraid he was going to lose his house after being fired .	Ned spoke of his concerns to his friend Saul .	The pair donned masks and took guns to commit the crime .	While trying to get away , Ned was shot and killed .
2	He persisted , and made it through the speech he 'd prepared .	A sob escaped Cory 's lips .	He had n't wanted to give a talk at his dad 's funeral .	Cory was relieved when it was over .	When he got home , he curled into a ball in the corner and cried .
1	At the class , she learned how to make marinara sauce .	Julie always wanted to learn how to cook so she signed up for a class .	Afterwards she went home to make it on her own .	She got her husband to sample her sauce .	He could n't believe how good it tasted .
1	I got distracted with my new video game .	Today I was supposed to do the laundry .	When my mom got home the laundry was not done .	She was mad and punished me .	My mom took away my video games for three weeks .
1	I went to the shelter to see the available cats .	I decided to adopt a cat .	I met a siamese cat that I liked .	I decided to adopt her .	Alas , she died before I could take her home .
4	Iris gasped but remembered it would go away soon .	Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation .	They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow .	Unfortunately the sprayer was broken and Iris got too dark .	She looked in the mirror and was bright orange .
3	I called for them all to get in the hallway .	The last day of school before the holiday was before us .	All the students in my class were talking .	There was no point in getting them to stop , so I just shook my head .	We all walked together to watch The Polar Express as a school .
4	Jake had to clean the mess up afterwards .	Jake was hungry .	He wanted to make some nachos .	He microwaved chips and cheese in the microwave .	The cheese exploded everywhere in his microwave !
4	Now Terrell was not as terrible as he was when he started .	Terrell was a terrible bowler .	He decided to bowl more often to get better .	He went to the bowling alley 4 times a week during the summer .	His average improved from a 61 to a 73 .
0	Two men had to paint a long wall .	Each man 's stated at a different end and began .	Eventually they met in the middle .	When they stood back they could see differences in painting style .	The touched up each other 's side to make it look more uniform .
1	She had about a dozen of them .	Alexis collected teddy bears .	One day two were stolen .	She could n't figure out who stole them .	Finally her brother gave them back .
0	Ben asked his mom to bring a snack home .	She said she would stop on her way home from work .	He was so happy when she came in .	He looked to see what she had brought .	She had brought home a dozen donuts !
1	He takes them apart to see how they are assemble .	Robert is a guy who enjoys tinkering with computers .	Robert 's friend Julio asked if he could fix a problem with his laptop .	Robert fix the laptop for Julio free of charge .	Julio thanked him with an invitation to a premium computer conference .
3	I felt nervous and asked who is on the phone .	During the night time , I got a phone call .	I decided to answer and say hello .	The person on the other line was breathing on the phone .	After several minutes , he hanged up .
3	She could no longer contain her giddiness .	The teacher watched her class silently filter in .	They took their seats in near silence and awaited instruction .	She smiled as she told them about their prior examinations .	Her entire class had passed with flying colors !
3	We lived for a while until the roads were cleared .	One winter day , the roads were covered in ice .	The snow got so bad that roads were blocked .	My family was trapped in our house for days .	After the storm , we went back to business as usual .
2	One day during their trip he was ambushed by armed ruffians !	Bill owned a large herd of bulls .	He would always take them out to the fields to graze .	They held him at gunpoint and stole his bulls !	Bill was sad at the loss of his entire livelihood .
2	But it was n't the truffles she had thought .	Sally liked truffles a lot .	She was excited when she was told truffles were on the menu .	It was the fungi truffles , not the candy truffles .	She was n't happy the rest of the dinner .
4	Patricia would later become a mechanical engineer .	Patricia 's favorite toy was her set of interlocking blocks .	She designed everything from houses to boats to spaceships .	Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents .	In school , Patricia developed an interest in making things as well .
0	Sally was gardening during the day .	It was hot and humid that day .	She was a bit thirsty for some water .	So she got up and came right back down fast .	She fainted and was found by a neighbor .
0	I took broken crayons and made a bust with them .	Does this creation make me an artist .	My friend Tina thinks I 'm an artist .	She 's selling my creation online .	I think some people fail to see the beauty in my creation .
0	A guy came up to me at a bar asking to see my shirt .	He wanted to take a picture of some letter styling for his brand .	He did and then he bought me a Vodka Redbull .	I later realized he was trying to pick me up .	Overall I 'd say it was worth it .
1	Sam cuts open a tomato , to find many seeds .	Sam wants to grow a tomato plant	Sam plants the seed in a pot .	Sam waters the seedling every day .	Sam now has a tomato plant !
3	Beth did n't understand why he had n't called Amy .	Amy called her friend Beth .	She wanted to talk about anything But Ray .	But all Beth talked about was him .	Amy simply refused the think about it any longer .
2	She decided that she would cheat .	The finals were tomorrow .	Jill was ill prepared .	She was n't caught .	She sighed in relief and swore to always study beforehand .
3	The puppy jumps and licks her face .	Helen hates dogs .	One morning she hears something .	She opens her door and a puppy runs in .	Helen falls in love .
0	Elliot always loved dancing .	His friends made fun of him for this .	Elliot decided to go to college for dancing .	After he graduated , he became very famous .	Now his friends do n't make fun of him for dancing !
0	Camryn does not like to read .	She has to read for school .	Her teacher made her keep track of reading minutes .	She had to keep a log .	Now Camryn knows how much she is reading every month .
4	Ali was so exhausted from the day she fell asleep on the bus .	Ali was seated on her school bus .	Outside the bus a bully named Val stood staring at her .	Ali knew there would be a confrontation between them .	As the bus rode off she was happy to be safe for now .
4	The baby was born and she named the baby after her doctor .	Kim was getting ready to have a baby .	She had no clue what to name her child .	She searched everywhere for a nice name .	Kim went into labor and still did n't have a name .
4	Charles did n't know his father , so Charles ran away from home .	Charles was 14-years-old and in too much trouble with his mom .	His little sister , Kerris , told their mom Charles had a beeper .	His mother accused him of selling drugs and wanted him out her house .	She threatened to send him to live with his father .
2	In December , I had to sell cookies at the school Christmas Bazaar .	Our kids went to parochial school .	The school made the parents work at functions .	I sat in a room in the school and took money in .	It was the only school function I enjoyed .
2	While swimming out in the pond , Henry felt a tug on his leg .	Henry noticed that his pond was very messy and needed to be cleaned .	He jumped in and began to retrieve sticks and plants from the water .	He looked down and saw that his leg was caught on a plant .	He struggled for a long time , but finally got free and swam away .
3	She inquired with the manager when the would be back .	Jane loved Kaboom cereal as a kid .	She was feeling nostalgic and decided to buy some .	At her local store there were no Kaboom on the shelf .	She was sad to find out they had been discontinued .
0	Eva wanted to go to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve .	She set her alarm to wake up at eleven .	But she was so tired , she did not hear the alarm .	Eva slept right through Mass .	In the morning , she was sad that she had missed it .
3	He helped her get rid of the virus .	Shelly was having a problem with her computer .	She called her savvy friend to come and help her .	He quickly diagnosed the problem : she had a virus !	Soon the computer was running as smoothly as ever !
2	He stayed up late reading books under the cover .	Jimmy was n't tired at his bedtime .	His mom told him to go to sleep .	He eventually went to sleep .	He was very tired at school the next day .
3	The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire !	Ever since her mom was depressed , Katniss had to take care of her .	Katniss had to make dinner tonight because her mom would n't get up .	Katniss was mad , and was n't paying attention to the oven .	Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire .
1	Her friend Beth was on the phone for her .	Amy was awakened by her mother .	Amy had n't realized she had fallen asleep .	She was upset her mother had n't woken her up sooner .	She snatched the phone from her and slammed the door .
1	We all got dressed up in our best clothes .	My mother wanted a picture of the entire family .	We got in the car and drove to the photographer .	The photographer posed us and took the photo .	Everyone got a copy of the photo and my mother was happy .
2	The original artwork is xeroxed and used to produce strips or books .	I collect original comic strip and page art .	Comic strip artists draw their strips in pencil , which is inked over .	I have about 30 pieces of original art .	I intend to frame and hang some pieces on the wall .
1	When she came across an exit , there was a construction sign .	Jane was going to her job .	It told drivers to proceed since the exit was closed .	She ended up going to the next exit .	Overall , she ended up being late to work .
1	She went outside to walk her dog .	Whitney had gone all year without breaking a phone .	The dog jerked the leash really hard .	Whitney tripped and her phone went flying .	The phone 's screen was shattered into a million pieces .
1	He 'd run out of cash a week ago .	Adrian badly needed money .	Plus he 'd eaten all of his groceries .	He called his mother and father and asked for money .	They said he was grown and not to call them for money .
0	I love to go to the movies , I try to go every weekend .	It gives me a chance to get out of my head for two hours .	I have a new girlfriend who loves movies as much as me .	I 'm pumped because we get to go every Friday and she loves it .	Going to the movies has really brought us closer together .
0	Gary was mowing his lawn .	All of a sudden his lawnmower started sputtering .	Smoke poured from it .	A rock had gotten stuck inside .	Gary got a new lawn mower through insurance .
2	Her friend was surprised and elated .	Tara wanted to make her friend happy .	She surprised him by playing his favorite bands music on a road trip .	They both had a great time on the trip .	Tara made her friend very happy .
3	After 2 hours Tim gave up .	Tim bought a kit for a kite from the craft store .	The instructions were too complicated for a 7 year old .	He attempted to make the kite by himself .	He decided he would ask his father to help him .
4	There were n't as many this time .	The deer in the field show up every year .	This year there were more than normal .	When hunting season came , the deer scattered .	After hunting season , the deer showed back up .
4	The car ran great and Ned was happy .	Ned was a car guy .	He had an old muscle car he was fixing up .	He decided to get a new engine for it .	He had a friend helped him install it .
3	Once again the player tried to steal a base but was thrown out .	A third base coach gave the wrong sign to a player on first .	The player ran to steal second base and was almost thrown out .	The coach felt in the moment so he told the player to steal again .	That was the third out and the inning was over .
1	She loves music and practices often .	Samantha is a drummer .	She started writing music as part of a band .	Now a club 's paying them to play tonight .	She hopes they get more opportunities like this !
1	I watched YouTube videos to learn the craft .	I wanted to sell jewelry online .	I practiced and practiced until I got good at making jewelry .	I ordered supplies to set up an online jewelry shop .	It 's been two weeks and I have n't sold a piece of jewelry .
1	He barely got any sleep last night .	James had trouble getting out of bed .	He went to go brush his teeth .	He noticed that he was out of toothpaste .	He brushed his teeth with baking soda instead .
2	Lucy knew going to the doctor would reveal her secret .	Lucy 's grandma was taking her to a doctor .	Lucy stole cake and now had indigestion .	Lucy decided it was better to just tell the truth .	Grandma was upset , but she appreciated Lucy 's honesty .
1	Chips were on sale so he bought a bag .	Ira went to the store to buy something to eat .	Ira counted the chips as he ate them .	The last whole chip in the bag was number 63 .	Ira ate the small crumbs and counted them as chip number 64 .
1	She could n't reach the stone without going under water .	As Nell waded in the lake , she saw a beautiful stone on the bottom .	Nell 's mom saw her daughter 's head dip under the water .	Then she ran and pulled Nell , holding the stone , from the water .	Nell had n't wanted to let go of the stone , which she could n't lift .
1	Their children , along with many other relatives would attend .	Every Christmas , Clark and Ellen had a party .	One Christmas , their cousin arrived unexpectedly .	Many of the family were surprised to see him as he had been missing .	The family was happy and it was the best party ever .
0	I placed my bait in the water .	After several minutes , the water was still clear .	Eventually my string started to pull my rod .	My mom pulled me from behind so I would n't fall in the water .	We ended up pulling the fish out of the water that caught the bait .
2	We talked about what to do for fun during the week .	One summer I decided to go see my best friend at his new home .	I flew to Boise to go see him .	We decided to take a road trip and explore the west .	We drove to San Francisco since we both always wanted to see the city .
1	She had been excited for the trip .	Ali 's class was on a bus headed for the museum .	Now she feared a bully would ruin her trip .	Ali told her teacher of her fears .	She was disappointed when the teacher brushed off as paranoia .
4	We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards .	I was asleep when my two year old ran into the room panicking .	I grabbed my robe and looked outside to see what he was scared of .	I saw outside that it was snowing , something he had never seen .	We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it .
4	Later , the shoes were given to a homeless person .	Bob was looking through his closet one day , when he saw a pair of shoes	He took out the shoes and tried them on .	The shoes were too small , so he put them in a box .	Bob took the box to a charity and donated the shoes .
3	The neighbors were defiant and slammed the door in his face .	Julius was tired of waking up to his noisy neighbors .	He went to their door and knocked loudly .	Julius explained how the walls were thin andy made a lot of noise .	Julius then decided to move and was happy with the decision .
1	He went online and gave it a shot .	Alai had to file his taxes .	But it was so confusing !	Alai could not figure out how to file .	He went to a professional tax preparer instead .
2	He tried to enroll in the math class for next semester .	Erin was sad because he failed his math class .	And he would have to retake it the next semester .	But it was full .	Erin was too sad to take any other classes as well .
4	Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together .	Fred is responsible for finding a venue for his wedding .	He is looking for a place that is intimate but modern .	At first it is difficult to find a place in his price range .	Finally he finds a venue on the other side of town that is perfect .
0	Kylie was watching her baby .	The baby was trying to learn to walk .	He was scooting along the couch .	Suddenly , he started to walk across the floor .	Kylie was so excited she did n't get a picture or anything .
0	Clara never beat her brother at Chess .	He was older and taught her to play , but she wanted to win once .	Clara decided to practice Chess on the computer every day .	When she beat the computer , she decided to replay her brother .	Finally she was able to beat him !
1	After the show we decided not to get a hotel room .	My friends and I decided to drive to a music festival 3 hours away .	The hotel rooms available were either expensive or not clean .	So we decided to just forgo sleep and just drive home .	We talked and laughed the entire drive and had a great time .
1	He took out all the food he had and lined it on his counter .	Eddie was in the kitchen trying to make the next great wing sauce .	Edit just stood back and waited for inspiration .	Outside , the sun was setting and the light shone through the window .	The sunlight fell upon the mayo and Eddie found his inspiration .
2	And the one in front of that one moved to do so as well .	Jack floored the gas and tried to cut in traffic .	The car he wanted to cut in front of blocked the space !	Jack honked his horn angrily , but it was no use .	He learned an important lesson in patience and courtesy .
0	Millie was determined to make cupcakes .	She did her best and put them in to bake .	As they had every time before , the cupcakes came out disgusting .	As a result , she gave up on making cupcakes .	Now she buys her cupcakes every time .
3	And it landed on the side that was already cooked .	Sarah was frying an egg .	And she wanted to try to flip it without a spatula .	She accidentally flipped the egg too hard .	She was too scared to try flipping it again .
4	She hung it on the tree and his the cracked part .	Casey was decorating her Christmas tree .	She was putting up each ornament , when she found one broken .	She did n't want it to go to waste , so she tried to fix it .	Using glue , she put it back together .
1	I called a piano tuner to come take a look at it .	I had a very old piano that sounded strange .	The piano tuner told me the piano was ruined and could not be repaired	He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money .	I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away .
2	She told him he was going to be a father !	Jon went to jail for petty crimes .	While incarcerated , he got a letter from his girlfriend .	Jon wept openly , swearing to never commit a crime again .	When released , he remained completely true to his word .
3	I cooked the ingredients to the recipe .	I wanted to make chicken curry .	I went to the store and bought ingredients .	I brought them home and got a recipe .	I enjoyed my meal of chicken curry .
1	I opened my door to sweep some dust outside .	I was cleaning my kitchen one day .	When I opened my door , my dog ran outside and got away .	I could n't catch the dog , and she did n't return home after waiting .	After a few hours , the police arrived at my door with my dog .
3	She went into shock and passed out .	A woman kept hearing a buzzing sound .	She kept smacking her ear .	The bee inside her ear stung her .	She woke up hours later in a hospital without hearing in one ear .
0	Russ is the boss at his company and has ten employees under him .	One of his staff members is always lazy and talks too much .	He even slows down productivity among the others .	Russ knew he had to put a stop to it soon before it got worse .	Russ fired him on the spot and it made everyone else work harder .
3	Del could not locate his passport .	Del wanted to visit Canada .	He lived near the northern border of the continental US .	He had lived there 20 Years without crossing the border .	Del 's trip to Canada was further postponed .
2	Unfortunately , her mom told her that she could n't .	Sara had a beautiful princess costume for Halloween .	She was excited to wear the costume to her school party .	She did n't want the dress getting dirty .	Instead , Sara came up with a simple cow girl costume .
0	Susan always felt alone .	She did n't think anybody cared about her .	She tried cutting herself to get attention .	It hurt too much and she gave up , though .	The mark was n't enough for anybody to care .
2	While performing on opening night , Clayton forgot his line .	Clayton is an actor .	He has the lead role in the school musical .	A supporting character said it for him .	Everyone congratulated the supporting character instead of Clayton .
3	I realized she was just trying to steal my cell phone .	I went out one night while staying at a hostel in Miami .	A girl asked me to join her in a cab .	As we drove up towards North Beach she fondled me .	I got out of the cab and walked back to the hostel .
2	The next morning when she woke up she had knots in her stomach .	Lily was freaking out due to her large chemistry exam tomorrow .	For the past few hours she had been trying to cram the material in .	As she got into the classroom , to her surprise the exam was not hard .	She left the classroom feeling a sigh of relief .
0	Ashley wanted her best friend 's boyfriend .	She decided to bring him cookies .	She got dressed up and went to his house .	When she rang the doorbell , Ashley 's friend answered .	Ashley turned red and ran away .
0	Cara woke up extra early today .	She was excited about going to Six Flags .	But when she jumped out of bed and looked outside , she saw rain .	It was pouring !	Cara did n't get to go to six flags , and she was very sad .
4	We finished much quicker as a team than if I did it myself .	I went outside to shovel snow this morning .	It was really cold outside .	I started to get tired very quickly .	A neighbor came over and helped me finish .
0	Yan had a chimney that needed cleaning .	He hired a chimney sweep .	The chimney sweep had a hangover and was not thinking clearly .	He fell and got stuck in the chimney .	Yan accidentally turned on the fireplace and the chimney sweep died .
1	He tried to fake being sick to his mom .	Howard did not want to go to school .	He pretended coughed but his mom did n't buy it .	SHe got mad and him and dragged him out .	He had to go to school .
1	Winter had just started , so he had a good idea .	Ty needed some extra cash .	He told his neighbors he would shovel for them .	He got five customers and shoveled their driveways .	When winter ended he had saved over five hundred dollars !
0	Dan always wanted to have a boy .	He dreamed of naming him after himself .	His wife did n't like that idea .	They argued over it for a while .	Eventually she gave in and they went with his choice .
0	Jayson was playing in his first soccer game this season .	He was running and helping his teammates .	During a breakaway , Jayson got the ball .	He passed the defenders and looked up at the goal .	He took a shot and scored the game-winner !
4	They ended up getting back together .	Jamie was at the store .	Suddenly she ran into her ex boyfriend .	He asked if she wanted to catch up .	She agreed so they went to dinner .
0	Francine attends a cookout with friends one weekend .	She had wanted to eat before the cookout began .	However , in a rush , she had n't eaten that day .	A friend at the cookout offers Francine a hot dog to eat .	After eating , she feels great and she enjoys the cookout .
0	Steven really liked Janie who was on the track team .	Unfortunately Steven lost his breath every time he ran .	He was worried he could n't keep up and would n't get to talk to her .	One morning he went to the doctor and found out he had asthma .	Now he has an inhaler and he can run with Janie !
0	Aaron and Maddie were walking through the park .	Suddenly , they heard some weird noises .	They decided to go inside just to be safe .	Inside they checked the news .	They learned that a mountain lion had been spotted in the area .
4	Nowadays , Henry 's children make him very proud .	Henry was always known as a very nice man .	Henry always gave to charities and helped anyone anytime he could .	Henry soon found a wife and had children .	Henry taught his kids just as he always did .
1	He took the day off to go see the baseball game .	It was Sam 's day off from work .	He drove to the baseball stadium .	He waited in his seat for hours .	The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours .
2	He was so happy , he sat on it and turned around .	Josh wanted a hoverboard for Christmas .	Come Christmas morning , he found one under the tree .	Until his finger got caught and he started screaming .	Josh ended up in surgery but did n't lose his finger .
4	He had to let go or he would never get over it .	Charles heard a while back , the secret to life was letting go .	At that time , he did n't understand what that meant .	Suddenly , his brother died .	Charles felt grief like never before .
2	Rob played the game for an hour before getting bored .	Rob 's mom would n't let him play Contra on his Nintendo .	His dad bought him Duck Hunt to replace it .	He sold the game to his friend Alex .	His father found out and grounded him for a week .
2	I drove into town just to dump it .	When I heard training was cancelled it was bittersweet news to me .	I had trash that needed to go into the department dumpster .	When I got home it was dark but there was a full moon .	I went for my daily walk with nothing but moonlight to guide me .
4	They luckily swam to shore , but their kayaks were wrecked .	Kelly and her friend went to the river with their kayaks .	They set up their kayaks and climbed in to begin their trek .	All of a sudden , the rapids became extreme and they were dragged away .	They were pulled towards a large waterfall , so they had to bail .
4	The cat 's owners were very thankful the cat was rescued .	A cat was stuck in a tree .	A woman who lived on the street saw the cat .	She called the fire department .	The fire department was able to get the cat down .
1	In the bathroom she took off her jacket and left it on a chair .	Amy carried her cell phone in her jacket pocket .	One day her phone fell from her pocket to the floor .	Amy attempted to turn the phone on , but the screen stayed black .	Amy 's phone was broken and needed to be replaced .
3	He studied for hours into the night .	John realized he had a midterm exam tomorrow .	He had not studied one bit for this exam .	John started cramming for the exam .	John barely passed his midterm that morning .
4	Overall everyone enjoyed the day .	Last week the guys and I decided to watch sports .	We bought beer and got some snacks .	We watched football for hours and had a great time .	My girlfriend was at work and liked coming home to beer .
0	Bob wanted to see his favorite band perform this weekend .	Bob did n't have enough money or a ride to the show .	His aunt heard about his problem and offered to provide both .	Bob accepted happily and thanked his aunt .	He went to the show and had the time of his life .
2	But here he was acting like his usual self .	Amy was in class with her crush Ray .	She was confused as to why after getting her number he had n't called .	Amy was so charmed she thought for sure she overreacted .	She decided he would call her tonight for sure .
1	She was falling in love with him quickly .	Ivy fell in love with a great guy .	She wanted her family 's opinion of him .	Ivy invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner .	Her boyfriend was accepted into the family with open arms .
4	Eventually , his roommates ask him to move out .	Jasper 's roommates have told him to stop using the air conditioner .	He likes to turn on the air conditioner to stay cool .	However , they say it is too expensive .	Jasper ignores their complaints , and uses the air conditioner anyway .
0	I had never ice skated before so therefore decided to try it .	As I headed over to the rink and tried on skates I was excited .	The rink was very crowded and full of kids .	I got on the ice but slipped and fell .	Thankfully I got back up and was okay .
0	Gale 's cat was very nervous in a carrier at the vet .	The cat meowed and meowed and was n't happy at all .	The vet examined the cat and gave it shots .	The cat yelped and got back in the carrier .	Gale tried to comfort the cat , paid for services , and went home .
4	The kid threw some of his food over the fence to feed the monkey .	A monkey watched a crowd of children walk past his cage .	He jumped around for the kids to entice them .	One child saw this action and was drawn into the monkey .	The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment .
3	At the market I was able to find everything I need .	I went to the farmers market .	To pick out pizza toppings .	I prefer to have fresh veggies on my pizza .	I left the farmers market to go make my pizza .
3	Tom went to the hospital to investigate his sickness .	Tom felt sick at lunchtime .	Tom still ate his lunch , which was a burrito .	The burrito made Tom feel more sick .	The doctors told Tom he was going to be okay .
2	When she arrived home later she began to feel sick to her stomach .	Sandra bought a milkshake at the fast food restaurant .	She drink the milkshake right away .	She ended up being sick the rest of the day .	The milkshake must have made her sick .
1	She tried to write it in pencil but her boss would not accept it .	Sandra had to sign an important document at work but he lost her pen .	Sandra went to her co-worker to ask for a pen .	He dug in his desk and found a green and a blue pen .	Sandra took the blue pen and signed the document again .
2	Conrad spent the entire day writing fantastic tales .	Conrad enjoyed writing stories .	One morning , Conrad discovered he could be paid to write stories !	At the end of the day , Conrad was paid for his stories .	Conrad used the money to buy a new typewriter .
0	Becky was a college student .	She did her best but failed her math exam .	She studied long hours and did not understand .	She decided to go to the campus ' math lab .	She learned a new way to think from the tutor and improved her grades .
3	A few minutes later , a limo came into the school .	I was talking to Ben for a few minutes .	We discussed the upcoming homework assignment .	When he told me that he had to leave , he called his mom .	He got inside and the driver took off .
4	We all fall asleep on the couch before the end of the movie .	Friday night is movie night at our house .	My kids pick the movie .	My wife makes the popcorn .	I make the drinks .
2	He had to wear his glasses , and he feared being mocked .	Cad had worn contacts all through high school .	Then he got an eye injury and could n't wear his lenses the next day !	But to his surprise , none of his classmates laughed at all .	In fact , many girls told him how cute he looked in his glasses !
2	I picked up a large lollipop .	I went to the candy store yesterday .	I started to look at the lollipops .	I went to taste it .	When I tasted it it tasted bad .
2	The children did n't know what to do about the stuff in Mom 's house .	Mom was hoarding a lot stuff to pass onto her children .	Mom passed away .	The children organized all the things into a library .	Now the townspeople get to borrow things from the children .
3	I 've been studying it for days .	I 've always liked collecting stamps .	There are a lot of unique designs .	Last week my cousin gave me one I 'd never seen before .	Until I realized he made it himself , that trickster .
4	There is now a lot of abandon buildings and everything seems deserted .	There use to be a lot of businesses in my neighborhood .	However , that all changed over time .	More and more business closed down after the recession .	More people are shopping online instead of shopping locally .
3	When the alarm went off , I quickly hopped out of bed .	I had been up all day studying for my exam tomorrow .	I was very stressed out about not knowing enough material .	I decided to get some rest before it got too late .	My test was thankfully canceled due to heavy snow fall .
4	Now I have a low paying job and post my movies to Youtube .	When I was little , I wanted to be a movie director .	Throughout my teenage years , I was obsessed with movies .	I studied everything I could about cinema .	But I never managed to turn my passion into a career .
1	She had n't played , and knew the casino was the best place to learn .	Barbra wanted to learn how to play poker like a professional .	She sat at a table with veteran players , who laughed at her .	The dealer showed her the rules , and soon she started to catch on .	The other players left in shame , as Barbara had won all of their money .
2	A small brown dog jumped with joy when she saw Amy 's mom .	Amy asked for a dog for her birthday .	Amy 's mom went to the shelter to find one .	Amy 's mom brought the small brown dog home to Amy .	Amy cried tears of joy when she saw the small brown dog .
0	Eric sat at his desk and feel sleepy .	During lunch he had a hard time eating his food .	His co-workers told him that he should see a doctor .	After work he went to see his doctor .	The doctor gave Eric some pills and said he would be fine .
0	Sharon had some money saved to take a vacation .	She spun her globe to pick where to go .	Her finger landed on where she already lived !	Her vacation turned into a staycation .	She discovered places in her town she had never seen before .
4	I am going to buy more of my favorite tea after work .	I have a new favorite tea .	The tea tastes great and I drink it every morning .	This morning I did not have my favorite tea .	I ran out of tea yesterday and forgot to buy more .
0	Last weekend I took the kids to the zoo .	After walking around for a while , we came upon the petting zoo .	Both of the kids were excited , and wanted to feed the little goat .	Every time my youngest got close he would throw the feed at the goat .	After ten minutes of trying , the little guy finally fed the goat .
4	It was almost a month old and Ken threw it away .	Ken wanted breakfast .	He decided to eat some cereal .	When he opened the milk a foul odor filled the room .	Ken checked the expiration date on the gallon .
3	When Bob decided that he was done , he checked out and headed home .	One day , Bob noticed that he was out of milk .	Bob decided to make a trip to the grocery store .	Bob picked up a few other things while shopping .	When Bob got home , he realized that he forgot to buy milk .
4	She figured nothing bad would happen and kept drinking .	Sally was drinking milk .	But she noticed that it tasted odd .	She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date .	And it expired two days ago .
1	My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich .	I decided to go on vacation to America .	I agreed with him .	I went to a cafe in New York City and ordered a grilled cheese .	It was not tasty .
2	The orientation was a grand celebration .	John was about to begin his freshman year of college .	He did not want to attend the mandatory orientation .	John had a great time at the orientation .	John thought it was silly that he almost did not attend .
1	He never made A 's .	Cal was a senior in high school .	He was determined to bring his grades up .	He changed his habits .	Cal made all A 's on his first 9-weeks report card .
1	My wife had found it outside .	Yesterday I got home from work to see a cat in the living room .	She fed it and it clung to her so she brought it indoors .	Unfortunately I told her that we could n't keep it .	She understood but still wanted to help it a bit before letting it out
3	The sauce tasted hotter than in previous years .	Ian grew his own hot peppers in his garden .	When they became ripe he picked them .	Ian went to his kitchen to make sauce .	Ian needed a minute to cool down after tasting it .
0	Brandon took his young son to the zoo .	The young boy was fascinated by the gorillas .	The young child asked multiple questions about the gorillas .	Brandon and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions .	The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas .
3	Rob realized that this was hurting his ability to make business calls .	Rob preferred to work at night and sleep late into the day .	This schedule worked with his online job .	This schedule also just felt better for him .	Rob had to adjust to a more typical schedule .
3	Cara 's husband bought the wrong thing .	Cara was having a craving for chocolate .	She really did not want to go out though .	Cara asked her husband to go the store instead .	Cara decided she 'd have to write what she wanted on paper from now on .
2	But he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything !	Ron wanted to bring his mom breakfast in bed .	It was her birthday and he wanted to show his appreciation .	Then he had a good idea , and he brought her cereal in a bowl !	His mom said it was the best birthday breakfast she had ever had .
3	One day , Sam fed the bunny french fries .	Ms T 's class had a pet bunny .	It was kept in a cage in the back of the class .	Occasionally , students were allowed to play with the bunny .	The bunny became sick and was removed from the class .
3	She quickly grabbed some carpet cleaner .	Ashley was smoking a cigarette in her bedroom .	Suddenly , a bunch of ash fell onto the floor .	Her carpets were white and she was worried there 'd be a stain .	Luckily , she was able to get the ash away with a spray .
0	Yesterday I ordered a bunch of coffee table books online .	The books were about fashion .	When I got them , I immediately opened the boxes .	Everything was perfect .	I knew I would go back to them again .
1	There was more traffic on the highway than she expected .	Kim was driving home as a hurricane was coming .	Before she got to her exit the traffic came to a stop .	The wind blew hard and the sign over the highway waved back and forth .	Kim hurried home afraid the wind would blow over a tree .
3	The practiced daily until Kevin was able to ride .	All of Kevin 's friends could skate board well .	Kevin really wanted to learn .	He asked his friend Kyle to work with him .	Now all of the friends are able to skate at the park together .
4	Later the bartender finds out that the man left him 500k in his will .	A strange man comes into a bar for a drink .	The bartender tries to cut him off when he 's had too much .	But the man tells him that he is dying .	The sympathetic bartender keeps serving him and then gets him a cab .
2	The air traffic controller granted the plane permission to land .	It was time for the airplane to land at the airport .	The pilot radioed the control tower .	The pilot guided the plane towards the runway .	The airplane safely landed on the runway .
1	The wind started to pick up soon after I arrived .	Today I went the beach .	The sand got into my lunch .	I could not eat anything as it was covered in sand .	I left the beach and went home for lunch .
3	And within an hour , Will 's groceries were delivered to his house .	Will was reluctant to order groceries online .	But one of his friends recommended it .	He found a website that let him order groceries from a local store .	Will decided to only shop online from then on .
4	Tim decided he loved his dad anyway .	Tim was waiting for his dad .	His dad was bringing burgers .	He could n't wait .	However his dad came home empty handed because he was broke .
1	It was a small venue with only one bathroom .	I once went to a concert where Dan Bern was performing .	Dan Bern happened to get in line behind me during intermission .	We chat for a bit .	I got his autograph while waiting in line for the bathroom .
4	Phil was able to find it .	Phil lost his phone .	He could n't find it anywhere .	He went online and asked a friend to call it .	He heard it ringing behind the sofa .
1	She texted her husband that she wanted food .	Joan was really hungry .	He went to the store and bought lots of stuff .	When he got home he made her a giant breakfast .	She was so full and happy !
3	Beth got a girl and named her Sweet Pea .	When Joy was nine she and her best friend Beth both got puppies .	The puppies were from the same litter .	Joy got a boy and named him Pippin .	They have spent many hours together over the last eleven Year 's !
1	He took the money from the vault and ran to the door .	For a moment Bill 's plan of bank robbery was going great .	He was stopped by the teller before he left .	She tackled him and wrested away his gun .	She stood over him with the gun and Bill did n't dare move .
0	Ted carried his trash outside .	He put his trash into his can .	While putting his trash away , he noticed his neighbor 's trash spilled .	Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess .	After cleaning the mess , Ted walked back inside feeling good .
2	She got to experience swimming with dolphins .	Angie went to Florida last week .	While she was there , she had an adventure .	She said it was amazing .	She brought back a photograph of her kissing the dolphin on its nose .
1	His release date came , and he was freed .	Ben had done ten Years in prison .	Ben collected his things and left the jail .	He looked around outside , shocked by the changes .	Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time .
0	Bob keeps losing his wallet .	So buys a wallet with a chain .	He and his friends think it looks ridiculous .	But the chain works .	Bob no longer loses his wallet .
3	Once comfortable in the water , she took diving lessons .	Missi had always had an obsession with the Great Barrier Reef .	Unfortunately , she also had a fear of the water .	Determined to see the reef , she enrolled in swimming lessons .	Two Year 's later , she spent her vacation exploring the reef .
1	While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow .	June decided on a Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee .	June looked to her right and saw a tiny kitten .	She walked over and picked up the kitten .	June decided to keep the kitten she wanted a new friend .
0	Dan frowned when the police lights appeared behind him .	He fumed as he pulled over , knowing he had done nothing wrong .	As the officer approached , Dan simmered , preparing for an argument .	The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off .	Chagrined , Dan accepted the cop 's offer of a screwdriver to secure it .
4	Sara brought the cat home that day .	Sara decided to adopt a cat .	She went to the shelter , but none of them seemed right .	Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room .	Sara fell in love with the cat immediately .
0	The man entered into his hotel room .	He threw his suitcase on the bed and collapsed in the chair .	The phone in the room rang as he sat down .	The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay .	The man grunted and slammed down the phone .
4	It brought us closer together as a couple .	For our honeymoon my wife and I went to Hawaii .	One of the coolest things we did was scuba dive .	It was at a beautiful cove .	We saw lots of marine life .
2	All you had to do was learn a whole packed of songs by the end .	Sally was taking a guitar class at school .	The teacher was laid back and the class was n't structured .	Sally decided to get it all done immediately .	She finished the booklet in two days .
1	There was an overly drunk man causing ruckus .	My friends and I went to a bar .	We tried calming him down .	He threw a punch at me and missed .	We tackled and held him to the ground until the cops came .
2	She became pregnant .	Steph wanted to have a child .	She did n't care if it was a boy or a girl .	Steph ended up having twins .	She had one boy and one girl and was thrilled !
2	Joan competed and took second place in the tournament .	Joan had always wanted to participate in a chess tournament .	Finally there was a tournament coming to her hometown .	Her friends and family were all very proud .	Joan is so happy with her results at the chess tournament .
1	He put on his boots , skis and goggles .	Dave went to Mammoth Mountain to go skiing .	With great excitement , he climbed into the chair lift .	There was a foot of fresh powder from a recent storm .	Dave jumped off the chair lift and took off down the mountain .
3	She ended up spending a thousand dollars .	Kim always loved going shopping .	She and her friends would go to all the coolest stores .	Yesterday she went to a dozen stores .	To her however , it was quite worth it .
4	He noticed and turned his lights on .	I was driving to the store the other night .	I noticed a car coming my way had their headlights off .	We were stopped at a stoplight .	I flashed my high beams at him .
2	Carrie was good at math and hated when Eugena copied her work .	Eugena hated doing math in class .	She always copied from her desk partner , Carrie .	One day Carrie hid her paper from Eugena so she could n't copy .	Eugena got so mad she stabbed Carrie in the arm with her pencil .
2	Sally 's grandfather is an excellent fisherman .	Sally lives by a large lake full of fish .	She always wanted to take up fishing .	Sally asked her grandpa to teach her one afternoon .	At the end of the day Sally finally caught a fish .
0	Vince woke up one morning and got up to put clothes on .	When he looked for an outfit , he could not find anything to wear .	Vince noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it .	After loading the clothes into the washer , he began to wait .	After drying the clothes , Vince had a nice outfit to wear .
4	Then , the police arrested him and sentenced him to prison .	Jon lost his job .	He became depressed and turned to heroin .	He became addicted to heroin .	Eventually he became a drug dealer .
4	They immediately booked the room again for next year .	Kelly and her friends were vacationing in Dubai .	When the girls got to the hotel , they were shocked .	The hotel was underwater .	The girls looked and saw sharks .
1	So he decided to shave his head .	Bill was tired of the hot weather in his area .	Everyone was used to seeing him with long , wavy hair .	So his friends and colleagues gave him weird stares .	But Bill was happy that his head was cooler .
3	The race began and that hound was determined to run one more race .	It was Retiree Day and the track so I took my dog out for a visit .	The music started to play and they announced the next race .	My greyhound 's ears perked right up and he stared down at the track .	I managed to hold him back , but I always wondered if might have won .
2	Because of the snow day , kids cheered .	There was a large storm developing in New York last week .	As a result the schools were closed .	Many went out to play in the snow .	It was a nice little vacation for the kids .
3	He was laughing and she helped him up .	Elise wanted to take her new boyfriend ice skating .	Her boyfriend had never skated before .	They stepped onto the ice and he fell .	They had a fun afternoon at the rink .
4	Thomas tried to stop him but was shot and killed by his roommate .	When Thomas graduated high school , he wanted to run track .	He enrolled in community college and bought an apartment .	His roommate was a teammate from the high school track team .	Thomas came home and caught his roommate stealing the furniture .
1	It was her first day at a new school	Samantha was in middle school	She did n't know anyone	She sat alone at her lunch table .	Some nice girls came up and sat with her .
3	Her leg needed 3 reconstructive surgeries .	Susan took her family to a dude ranch for vacation .	She went for a long horse ride on the second day .	During the ride , a horse got scared and kicked her .	Susan will not go horseback riding again .
3	He bought some lego toys and some video games .	Mr Adams had to buy gifts for his son .	He was n't sure what to get .	He went to Toys R Us and asked the cashier what to get .	He decided if his son does n't like one , he 'll like the other .
2	He was going to make scrambled eggs with toast .	Danny was making breakfast for his wife .	This was Danny 's first time making breakfast for his wife .	In the process , the eggs and the toast were burnt .	The breakfast was a total disaster .
0	Tim loved going hunting	It was his favorite pastime .	On a sunny day , he was hunting and heard something crackling .	He realized he was being chased by a bear !	He got away , but quit hunting after that incident !
0	Roy was graduating high school !	He walked up to the stage in his robe .	As he accepted his diploma his robe got caught on the podium !	Roy turned abruptly to walk off the stage with his robe caught .	His robe ripped off in front of the thousands of students .
0	Jaime 's kids wanted to build a giant snowman .	They rolled three large balls for the body .	She had to help them stack the balls one on top of the other .	They borrowed a hat from their dad 's closet .	Jamie gave them a giant carrot for the nose for the finishing touch .
3	Later I heard Sally telling her friends that she had found my marbles !	I was very sad about losing my marbles for many days .	I went to school and told all of my friends .	Sally overheard me telling the story and laughed .	I asked her about the marbles , but she would n't return them .
3	As he walked outside , there was loud rattling of the bushes .	At 0002 , a loud crash was heard outside of the security office .	Officer Smith rose from his chair to investigate .	He grabs his flashlight before opening the front door .	A giant muskrat leaps out and scares him .
1	This year they went to New York .	The best friends always take a girls trips .	They went shopping .	They saw a Broadway show .	They always have a great time catching up .
2	Joanna was n't paying attention to where she was walking .	Joanna was walking down the street after finishing school .	She was happy to be going home after finishing school .	Joanna fell into a puddle of mud .	Joanna felt embarrassed as she felt all eyes on her .
1	The dog has knots all over her fur .	My mom 's dog was very furry .	My mom took the dog to the groomer .	The groomer shaved off all of her fur .	She finally does n't have any knots !
0	Icy wanted whipped cream for her ice cream .	She only had a carton of heavy cream .	She decided to try to whip it .	She put it in a bowl and mixed it heartily .	It did not turn out quite the way she hoped !
0	James was having troubles with his girlfriend .	They had been arguing a lot recently .	James wanted to make things right with her .	He bought her a bouquet of roses .	They were able to kiss and makeup .
4	He spent most of his money to buy a scarecrow .	Billy was a farmer .	One day he was tending his crops .	He saw that most of them have been destroyed .	Crows have been circling the area lately so he assumed it was them .
3	They agreed to go .	After a long day at work I needed a drink .	They were half price off at the local bar .	I invited my friends to go with me .	We met up there and had a few drinks .
3	She failed to become an astrophysicist .	Jill wanted to be an astronomer .	She thought the sky was a beautiful , wonderful place .	She was very bad at physics , however .	She ended up becoming a science illustrator for space instead .
2	Finally , she found one that suited her perfectly .	Tina wanted to be sure she had the perfect wedding dress .	She searched all over town to find one .	She bought it right away .	She felt like a princess on her wedding day in her perfect dress .
4	I drank the beer and was very happy .	Once I went to a hockey game .	All the beer there was very expensive .	I got lucky and found a $ 50 on the ground !	Once I had the money , I bought more beer .
0	Becky and her friend Lisa planned on going to the theater .	They had fun in the city however getting to the theater was difficult .	Becky and Lisa got lost .	They tried asking around for help but no one would help them .	Finally a nice couple helped them to the destination .
2	The Barbie doll was her favorite .	There was a young child .	The young child lived playing dolls .	One day she misbehaved and her mother took the Barbie away .	She was very sad all day because of the toy missing .
1	He was chasing his pet cat around the house .	Timmy was a toddler .	Suddenly , he grabbed the cat 's tail .	The cat was angry , and scratched Timmy .	Timmy was so scared , his mom decided to get rid of the cat .
3	Soon , the cat began to trust Jim and followed him inside his home .	Jim found a stray cat walking on the street .	Jim wanted the stray cat as a pet , but the cat was too afraid .	So , Jim started feeding the cat scraps of meat .	Now , Jim 's cat lives in Jim 's house and it is his pet .
4	He had to make an appointment with the podiatrist to take care of it .	Geoff always has problems with his feet .	He cuts his nails too short when he trims his toenails .	One time he cut the nail really short and it became infected .	He tried to take care of it at home , but it still hurt .
2	He jogged everyday after work .	Bob was trying to get into shape .	He really wanted to lose some weight in order to impress his wife .	No matter how hard he tried , he could n't lose any weight !	Bob 's wife told him that she loved him just the way he was .
0	The battle raged across the castle 's interior .	Warriors from each side died bravely .	They suddenly became aware a of new threat as smoke wafted in .	The castle was burning down around them .	They were all in danger now .
2	According to her father it was in a drawer in the kitchen .	Gina needed to turn on the water hose .	But there was no handle on the spigot .	Gina looked and did n't see it .	She tried and failed to use a pair of pliers instead .
3	When he was done , he realized the odor was from his shoes .	Laurence walked into his home and smelled a really bad odor .	He looked all over but could n't find the source .	He decided to clean the whole house to get rid of the smell .	Laurence threw those shoes in the dumpster and wore another pair .
3	Gina gritted her teeth each time she heard it .	Gina had a crush on a boy in her class .	But each day she liked him less and less .	He had a loud and grating laugh .	The sound of his laugh annoyed Gina more and more each day .
1	She came over with several supplies .	Last night my girlfriend invited me to paint with her .	We each picked different scenes .	Mine did n't turn out so great .	She still encouraged me and pretended to like it .
4	His mother , Anna , turned away and fell into the sea while Al vanished .	Al stepped into the time machine and pressed the large green button .	A flash of light and a loud sound whisked Al away to his birth year .	Al prayed his plan would work this time .	He stood in front of the lighthouse and screamed Anna 's name .
4	Tim thought it was great and never hated jello again .	Tim hated Jello .	Every time someone served him jello , he got mad .	Fred told him to sprinkle sugar on it .	Tim tried it .
1	She decided to decorate her house .	Jane had some free time that week .	She went to the mall and visited some shops .	Jane bought paint and some pictures to hang on the walls .	After an entire day of work , Jane 's house was very pretty now .
0	Tami needed her husband to fix the plumbing immediately .	She had family coming for a mini vacation .	They would need a shower and toilet to use .	Tami told him she would call a plumber if he did n't so something .	Faced with an ultimatum , Tami 's husband got to work immediately .
3	However he wanted to support his team .	Arsenal was Greg 's favorite football team .	They were not playing very well in the season .	Greg did not want to watch any more games .	Greg watched the next game , hoping for the best .
1	It was super hot , over 100 degrees by 10:00 am .	Mike 's family was at the beach in July .	They had to wear shoes to walk from the sand to the water .	It was so hot they burned their feet otherwise !	Fortunately the water was still cool and refreshing .
1	He announced that today is the final day to drop any classes .	The teacher made a message to the class .	While he was speaking , I checked my schedule .	The database states that all of my classes were dropped .	Before freaking out , I went to the registration 's office .
2	After jumping in , I remembered that I left my phone in my pocket .	I was in my friend 's backyard by a pool .	I put on a silly voice and jumped into the pool .	I climbed out of the water to check on my phone , but it was broken .	I had to leave my friend 's house to get a new phone .
3	She ended up meeting a lot of friends .	Gerry found life difficult after she lost her hand in an accident .	She adapted physically to her new life but socially was n't as easy .	She finally joined a group with similar challenges .	She also met her boyfriend .
0	Liz 's babysitter told her that dragons and fairies were n't real .	When Liz cried , the babysitter threw away her dragon stuffed animals .	Even the dragon and fairy books went in the trash .	Liz got on the phone and asked her mother to come home .	Her mother immediately fired the babysitter .
2	He hated the peppermint taste and it 's hard crunch .	John wanted chocolate for Christmas .	But when he got candy canes , he was disappointed .	John complained to his parents .	But they said thought he was spoiled .
4	Finally , she drew a mouth .	Victoria was learning to draw a face .	She started by drawing lines .	Then , she added eyes .	Next she did a nose .
3	It was a Japanese breed that loved to lick us !	I loved animals and lived with 6 cats and a dog .	One day I was picked up from school by my step-mother .	She surprised me with a puppy !	The dog got along with the other animals and joined the family .
3	Bob decided to use his debit card .	Bob was shopping at the mall .	He went to go pay for a watch .	Then , he realized he lost his credit card !	Alas , he had insufficient funds .
4	He reached home plate .	Howard was playing baseball with his team .	He was doing poorly at first .	He could n't catch some of the balls .	Then when he was the batter , he stroke it far .
4	Diana went to the bathroom to freshen up .	The teacher was going over a new section in class .	Diana could n't keep her eyes open and fell asleep .	When she opened them , the whole class was staring at her .	The teacher paused for a moment , but he eventually continued .
2	I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread .	I made grilled cheese sandwiches for supper .	I first buttered the bread and started the griddle .	I put the sandwiches on the griddle until they were a golden brown .	I then took the sandwiches off and stacked them all on a plate .
0	Josh was waiting all day for an all you can eat buffet dinner .	He had been fasting for the past two days .	He looked forward to stuffing his face .	When the time came , he ate 5 full plates of food .	Soon after , his stomach started hurting from all the food .
2	She decided to run out to the store .	Jill was hosting a New Year 's Eve party .	The party was underway as Jill realized the food was disappearing .	Then , she bought some sandwiches and brought them home .	Luckily , no one even noticed that the food had run low .
1	She even switched seats to be far away from them .	Amy was no longer friends with Erin and Sara .	Her new table mate Judy knew Erin and Sara from elementary .	They were mean girls and no one liked them .	Amy was shocked she could have been blind for so long .
3	In person , he tried to ignore me .	I challenged my friend to a competition online .	I ended up beating him .	However , he became frustrated .	I tried to reach out to him however , he choose to ignore me .
1	He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club .	Jerry wanted to become an olympic gymnast .	Jerry trained hard and kept his nutrition in check .	Eventually , Jerry tried out for the olympic squad .	Unfortunately , Jerry was n't good enough and his dreams were crushed .
2	Without thinking Dan threw a book at the boy .	Dan 's class was in the library at school .	A boy across the room stuck his tongue out at Dan .	The book hit the boy on the nose which began to bleed .	Dan knew he would be in big trouble for throwing a book .
0	Tyler was expecting an important package .	He waited by the mailbox for it every day .	Finally , the mailman came one day with the package .	Tyler took it inside excitedly and opened it .	He was pleased to receive the item he had ordered .
0	Erica was bored .	Erica decided to watch television .	There was nothing good on the television .	Erica shut off the television .	The rest of the day was filled with boredom for Erica .
3	Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies .	Li wanted to give meaningful Christmas gifts to her relatives .	But she was on a very tight Christmas budget !	Then her sister helped her think of a great gift idea .	Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats !
4	We sold the candle on amazon .	An in law gave us a Yankee candle for Christmas .	Every relative got the same gift .	The scent was salted caramel .	We did not like the scent .
4	They finally had to wash them .	Tyrone hated to do the dishes .	So did everyone in their family .	They had lots of dirty dishes in the sink .	When it was time for dinner there were no dishes !
3	She gets a settlement of fifteen thousand dollars .	Jill finds a fingernail in her can of tuna .	When she contacts the tuna company they do n't care .	When Jill gets a lawyer they start to listen .	But all she wanted was an apology .
0	Carla 's old Doctor switched practices and she needed to get a new one .	She was therefore scheduled with dr Pratt .	Carla walked into the doctor 's office .	To her surprise Dr Pratt was very gracious .	She liked her a lot .
2	She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life .	Carla began writing poems to pass the time in jail .	She likes poems because there were not solid rules about them .	Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block .	She was known all over jail .
3	The psychologist diagnosed her with depression and got her help .	Marta had been feeling blue for many weeks .	She had lost interest in her favorite activities and was feeling tired	Her brother was worried for her and took her to a psychologist .	Now she is back to feeling joy and fulfillment in her daily life .
2	As I watched the game it was actually quite boring .	Last season I went to a baseball game .	It was my first game to watch .	I had nothing to do .	Finally I got to leave early .
1	We both put our hands on it to play .	When I was young , my friend bought me a Ouija board .	All the sudden , the planchette started moving slowly .	We were very scared and stopped playing immediately .	I threw it away the next day .
2	They often had to fix things themselves .	Tim grew up working on cars .	His family did n't have much money .	He applied at an auto store to make more money .	His experience landed him the job .
1	They stared at the stars for a couple hours .	Michelle and her friends set up a blanket outside to look at stars .	They then talked and laughed under the stars .	They ate snacks .	They picked up the blanket and snacks and went inside .
2	When I drove home , I had a hard time finding a place to park .	I had a great time on my birthday , with emails and cards from friends .	My boss told me I could go home early , which surprised me .	When I got to my front door , I heard voices inside my apartment .	I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise .
1	They thought about what to play .	Thomas and his friends wanted to play a game during recess .	Eventually they decided to play tag but someone needed to be it .	Thomas volunteered .	Together they chased each other the whole recess .
3	Lis was worried they would n't accept her .	Lis was a great football player .	She knew the sport like the back of her hand .	She wanted to play on her school 's team .	She tried out anyway and became the first girl on the team .
1	He hates wearing glasses .	Stan wears eye glasses .	He took his glasses off and stepped on them .	Stan realizes that he can not see anymore .	Stan went to buy new glasses .
3	Jeff said that it would cost nine dollars .	On a hot July day , Jeff opened up a lemonade stand .	He put out large pitches of drink to entice people .	A customer came up and asked for a glass .	The customer laughed and walked away .
0	When Jen is 10 years old she wants to wear makeup .	But her mother tells her that she is too young .	So Jen steals some makeup and wears it to school anyway .	When her mother finds out she cuts off her allowance for a month .	Jen learns her lesson .
2	I looked down and I was only going 27 mph .	About an hour ago , I was driving in downtown DC .	Going through an underpass , I saw a flashing light .	However , there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph .	Now I 'm nervously waiting to see if I 'll get a ticket .
3	Together they gave each other support and money-saving tips .	Kay wanted to save money to give her kids a nice Christmas .	But she was a terrible spendthrift and could n't save a dime .	Then she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends .	With their help , Kay saved almost $ 500 by Christmas !
0	Anthony was in class one day and really needed to fart .	The problem was , he was sitting right behind a pretty girl .	Before he knew what was happening , the fart snuck out .	He tried to breathe in the fart before she could smell it .	Unfortunately for him , his plan did n't work and she smelled it .
4	She bought it for a great price and took it home happily !	Ada 's radio broke one day .	She had very little money to replace it .	She went to the secondhand store .	There , she found a similar radio to the one that 'd broke .
2	They decided to adopt a girl .	Kathy and Walt always wanted to have a girl	They already had 5 boys so a girl would be a nice change of pace .	When they brought her home the house was electric .	Walt and Kathy were truly happy now .
3	They drove to the mountains .	Todd and Bob planned a ski trip .	They bought all their equipment .	They purchased their lift tickets .	When they arrived , the pass was closed .
0	I have a lizard named Tocca .	Tocca likes to play in the water .	I just gave her a bath and she had a good time .	When she finished her bath she sat on my shoulder and licked my face .	Then I took her downstairs and she sat on the windowsill .
1	She decided to invest her money into the stock market .	Sammy had recently inherited a large sum of money .	Sammy ended up losing millions of dollars due to the bad economy .	She had to file for bankruptcy .	Afterwards , she had to sell the majority of her belongings .
4	I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know .	We entered the voting place during the primaries .	A worker there , upon hearing our preferred party , tried to stop us .	This had happened before , and I hid a voice recorder this time .	They told lies about the process to convince us we could n't vote .
1	She checked outside , but she saw none .	Emma needed a taxi from her hotel .	Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help .	She went inside and explained her predicament .	The bellhop happily called a taxi for Emma .
1	He went to clean his room while they were baking .	Tom was baking cookies in the oven .	When he came back he took the cookies out and they were n't right .	Looking back over the recipe , he realized he put in too much flour .	He found the mistake amusing and tried again to make it right .
0	Lindsay went to the doctor for stomach pains .	The doctor decided to issue a cat scan .	It was determined that Lindsay had an infected appendix .	The doctor ordered a surgery right away .	Lindsay had the surgery and felt much better after a few days .
4	She snacked quietly , then returned to bed .	Ella woke up in the middle of the night .	She was so hungry .	She crept into the kitchen .	She opened the fridge and found some grapes .
4	Then it turned serious , and a real boxing match broke out .	Mike and Jerry had a lot of energy and wanted to do something .	They found some boxing gloves in the house .	They put them on and started to goof around .	Mike hit Jerry to hard one time , and made Jerry mad .
2	The kids are very excited about it .	The Samson 's adopted a puppy .	They have been wanting one for a while now .	I saw them tonight out walking the dog .	I think I might want a puppy .
2	Then she was told her legs were too short for a ballerina !	Helen wanted to be a dancer .	She took ballet classes ever since she was little .	She was crushed , but then had a good idea .	She began to teach ballet to kids , dancing every day !
0	Chuck has had a cold for a week now and does n't feel well .	Chuck decides to go to the doctor .	The doctor gives Chuck some medicine .	Chuck takes the medicine and feels better in a day or two .	Now Chuck is back at work performing well .
3	Annie sees a Robin .	Annie takes a walk .	Annie sees many new plants .	Annie sees a neighbor .	Annie points out the Robin to the neighbor .
1	He started smoking cigarettes because he was pressured to do it .	Jared started hanging out with the wrong crowd lately .	His mom found out and grounded him and scolded him .	When his friends found out , they stopped hanging out with him .	Jared realized he was much better off without them .
2	The only problem was the long flight .	Kelly and her friends went on a trip to Dubai .	The girls were so excited .	The girls were on the plane for fifteen hours .	They could n't wait to land .
4	Diane won first place in the contest .	Diane loved singing in front of people .	One day she decided to enter a local singing competition .	Diane went up on stage and began to sing .	She sang the most beautiful song she had ever sung .
0	John could n't wait to get to the ball game .	When John got there , he sat with his friends .	John 's friends ate popcorn and drank soda .	One of the baseball players hit the ball straight at them .	John caught the ball !
1	Her friend worked hard making her a fancy meal and forgot the allergy .	Jenna was very allergic to cheese which gave her migranes .	Jenna was concerned to see melted cheese all over the main dish .	She did n't want to hurt her friend 's feelings so ate dinner anyway .	She got a painful migraine and decided to be more honest next time .
2	He began learning how smart people think and act .	A man desired to be smarter .	He read many books and talked with wise people .	He did his best to exercise his mind .	He eventually felt mentally quicker and smarter .
4	So , he decided to just throw the cup out .	Oliver was cleaning up his house .	He was digging through his room when he found a cup .	The cup was full of old moldy milk .	He figured that the cup was probably really gross at this point .
1	His dad took him out to practice in parking lots and side roads .	Steve was excited about learning how to drive .	Steve was nervous at first , but soon became more confident .	He passed his driver 's test with no problems at all .	Before long , he was happy solo driver .
4	She decided to take it and was very thrilled with her purchase .	Rene was thrilled to be going wedding dress shopping today .	Rene and her bridesmaids went over to Vera Wang to start shopping .	The first dress the girls saw was absolutely beautiful .	When Rene tried it on it was love at first sight .
0	Max was standing in the bank .	While he waited , he was using his phone .	Suddenly , he dropped it .	It crashed to the floor .	When Max picked it up , he saw that it was broken .
3	She assumed all the same people would be in her class .	It was the first day of the 6th grade .	Gina was excited to see all of her friends .	She had the same teacher as the last year .	She was shocked to see half of the class was new students .
1	She needed to figure out how to increase her income .	Carol was having a lot of money problems .	She needed to catch up on her house payment .	She started following a financial advisor .	She was able to turn her life around .
3	It looked terrible .	Jim bought a dog .	The dog was always digging .	He dug a lot of holes .	Jim got rid of the dog .
0	Ken was reading in his backyard .	Slowly the sun set .	It grew darker outside and harder to see .	But then the full moon rose , illuminating the sky .	Ken was able to keep reading in the moonlight .
2	She called her friend Amy who told her there was party later .	It was summer break and Lucy was at her grandparents .	She wanted to speak with her friends from home .	Lucy felt left out since she could n't go .	Amy offered to call from the party so Lucy would feel included .
4	Falling to the ground , she realized the cider was drugged .	Pam went to the town 's Christmas tree lighting .	While waiting for the program to begin , she met Bill .	Bill offered Pam a hot cider , which she accepted .	Soon thereafter , Pam began to feel dizzy .
3	The divorce is very painful for both Janis and her husband .	Janice has been unhappy in her marriage for many Year 's .	Although she once loved her husband , she now finds him boring .	Finally she consults a lawyer and files papers for a divorce .	However , when the divorce is complete , Janice feels free .
0	Charly signaled to her companion to be silent .	She whimpered , but complied .	They huddled lower in the bushes , being as quiet as they could .	The Jehovah Witnesses walked by their hiding spot .	They breathed a sigh of relief , and resumed their morning jog .
3	He took everything out of the bag .	Remy was digging through his backpack .	Suddenly , he realized that there was something wet .	He took a closer look and realized he had spilled his soda .	Then , he washed the bag in the sink .
3	Her mother stood in the door demanding she pour the coffee out .	Amy 's mom did n't want her to drink coffee .	She thought it was unhealthy for a 14 year old to do so .	Amy felt she needed the coffee today because she was so tired .	Amy walked around her mom , and kept drinking the coffee .
2	She trudged through trying to keep snow out of her boots .	Gina walked out into the fluffy , deep snow .	Gina tried to plan her steps carefully .	But her ankle height boots were no match for a foot of snow .	She looked down to see her black boots were covered in white snow .
1	Her mother could not convince her to eat it .	Tori refused to eat broccoli .	Finally , her mother offered her twenty-five cents to try it .	Tori finally gave in and ate the broccoli .	She realized she loved it !
3	He said that there is a turn over .	There was five seconds left to shoot a game-winner .	Jack had the ball in his hands .	As soon as he was about to shoot , the ref blew his whistle .	The coach called an offensive foul made by my teammate .
2	Then he went outside to practice .	Chris wanted to learn to rollerblade .	He bought a pair of skates and strapped them on .	At first he fell over and over .	But soon Chris was skating just like an old pro !
2	The first few days she showed no progress .	The dog peed on my carpet .	So i took it to get trained .	But in a month she was potty trained .	Now she does not pee on the carpet no more .
4	We ran back to the car , laughing .	On December 27 , 2010 , I decided to go for a swim .	We live in Boston and it is cold in the winter .	The L Street Brownies swim on New Year 's Day but I went earlier .	My daughter , son and son in law went into the freezing water with me .
0	Laura and Max were camping .	They were in one of their favorite spots , reminiscing .	Suddenly , Max started to tell Laura how much he loved her .	Then he pulled out a ring and proposed .	Laura was so excited , and she said yes right away .
2	Hanna 's sphincter clenched as tight as a snare drum .	Hanna shouted , beside herself with rage and fury .	Her anger turned into a storm of yelling and cursing .	She stared down the poor Pizza Hut employee .	Hanna did not like her pizza drowned in tomato sauce !
1	He had planned to have pancakes and bacon , but it was too late .	Ted woke up very late one morning .	He would miss the bus if he made himself his hot breakfast !	He had to settle for a few cold Pop-Tarts that morning .	Ted vowed never to sleep through his alarm again !
0	Billy was walking home from school .	On the way , he twisted his ankle .	A motorist stopped to help him .	The motorist took him to the hospital .	Billy ankle is healing fine , now .
4	However , at the end it was worth it .	My sister and I went to bestbuy on black Friday	We were n't sure what we wanted , just went for fun .	Best buy had a xbox one available and decided to get one .	We had to wait for almost an hour to get an xbox one .
4	Vicky and her husband feel well rested after a nice weekend .	Vicky and her husband have each been working very hard this week .	When the weekend comes along , they want a treat .	They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning .	Vicky eats a delicious stack of pancakes .
4	Her son had gone ahead and paid for new dentures .	Rose could n't afford to get dentures fitted for her mouth .	Instead she wore a pair of dentures she bought from the thrift store .	One night , she told her son how badly the dentures hurt .	The very next day , a dentist called , confirming her appointment .
0	Iggy wanted to impress his friends at the last day of school party .	He knew there would be jump ropes and hula hoops to play with .	He practices hula hooping at home for weeks .	At the party , he showed off his new skills .	He impressed everyone by keeping three hoops going at once .
3	Stella feared her plants would be drowned .	Stella had planted her very first garden on April first .	She could n't wait for her sprouts to turn into big , bright blossoms !	But for the whole month of April , it poured rain !	Then , just as the adage said , May brought beautiful flowers after all !
3	Avery laughed it off , but the girl was not pleased .	Avery went for a cooking class in the park .	While there he met a pretty girl .	Avery was distracted , so he burned the trout .	She said he wasted food , and promptly ignored him .
0	Jamal is wrapping up his police officer training .	He 's very excited to start the final stage in firearms .	Jamal is confident in his ability to pass .	Jamal aces the exam .	Jamal becomes a police officer .
3	She wanted to wake grandpa , but grandma forbade it .	Lucy wanted her grandpa to take her to a friends house .	But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church .	Lucy 's grandma was cooking and would n't take her .	Lucy was stuck at the house until he awoke on his own .
0	April and her husband had just bought a new home .	One week later , they were sleeping and heard a bump .	They soon realized they were getting broken into .	They called the police and hid in the bathroom .	Needless to say , they moved out and found a better neighborhood .
3	On Christmas , they handed Tim his gift .	Tim loved chatting on his cell phone .	For Christmas his parents wanted to get him a phone gift .	They debated over the perfect gift .	He was so pleased to unwrap his phone card !
0	Tom wanted to buy a Surface Pro .	He was deciding between that or a new laptop .	So , Tom went to Bestbuy and asked a representative about it .	Eventually , he bought the Surface Pro .	He was ultimately happy with his decision .
4	Bob thanked the plumber for his services .	Bob 's shower ceiling was leaking .	He called a plumber .	The plumber found the leaking pipe .	The plumber fixed the leak .
2	The test involved drinking an extremely sweet soda .	Amanda was pregnant .	She had to take a test for gestational diabetes .	Amanda tried her best , but the taste made her sick .	She ended up throwing the whole drink up .
2	He decided he needed a hose .	Ned had just had an inground pool installed .	Now he had to fill it !	He drove to the store and bought a long garden hose .	Then Ned used the hose to fill his new swimming pool .
0	Cole went to the store with five dollars to spend .	He bought some jerky and a soda .	His little brother spilled his soda and the dog ate his jerky .	Cole 's parents saw what happened and gave him five more dollars .	Cole went back to the store for more jerky and a soda .
4	The view was fantastically breath-taking .	Rob and Beth were out hiking a trail at a state park .	It was an expert-level trail , with many steep and narrow inclines .	They took their time , but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee	After several hours they finally made it to the top .
3	She had to wait until after dinner .	Lucy was sad she ruined her jeans .	Her grandma bought ice cream from the Milkman .	Lucy asked for a bowl of ice cream .	Her grandma let her have 2 bowls of ice cream to cheer her up .
4	The personnel all evacuated safely due to his diligence .	Barry was assigned to be the lookout on the fire .	He scanned the horizon back and forth for potential dangers .	The wind shifted and the flames roared towards the firefighters .	Barry called out the alarm to the incident commander .
1	She gave it anything it wanted .	Nancy always spoiled her dog .	It got really overweight .	Nancy eventually realized the dog had to lose weight .	She started feeding him less treats and a healthier diet .
3	Sam went to an interview and got the job .	Sam missed too many days of work and was fired .	He needed to pay his bills , so he searched for a new job .	After looking in the newspaper , he found a job offer as a salesman .	Sam became a successful salesman and could easily pay his bills .
3	She decided to make pizza herself .	Nora was craving pizza for dinner .	She was flat broke though .	She looked in her cabinets for food .	It turned out great .
3	She ordered fluoride free toothpaste online .	Sue was watching a documentary on TV .	It was about the negative effect of fluoride .	Sue became scared and decided to change her lifestyle habits .	The fluoride free toothpaste came in the mail after a few days .
0	I loved smoked salmon .	Alas , it was too expensive for me to eat more than once per year .	I decided to make my own smoked salmon .	But , I did n't use enough salt so it did n't cure .	I contracted a bacterial infection from the smoked salmon .
4	Tim went back to room and saw no disc in his video game system .	Tim invited John over to his house .	Tim and John played video games together .	They later at lunch then played outside .	John 's mother picked him up and they left .
1	We decided to walk through the darkness and fog to the graveyard .	A group of my friends and I wanted to get really scared on Halloween	The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted .	We got so scared that we ran out of there as fast as we could .	Needless to say , none of us slept well that night .
4	On Monday , Bobby made an A on his Algebra test .	Bobby was having trouble in Algebra .	His father said if Bobby did n't improve his grades , he 'd be grounded .	Bobby asked a friend of his to tutor him .	Over the weekend , his friend helped Bobby understand Algebra .
3	He quickly opened up a pizza shop and became a local favorite .	Mike was raised in Italy .	It was there that he learned the secrets of a perfect pizza .	He moved to America as a young man .	Mike has been making the most delicious pizza 's in America since !
1	She was hoping the door would be unlocked so she could enter .	Gina returned to her classroom earlier than her class .	She needed to be alone to search another student 's desk .	She walked into the classroom smiling and happy .	Until she saw her teacher sitting at her desk .
1	I saw a racoon .	I was walking around at night .	It was cute so I approached it .	The racoon bit me and it had rabies .	I was saved at the hospital and I learned to be wary of racoons .
4	Tom and his dog had fun on the road trip .	Tom loved his dog .	Tom was preparing for a road trip .	Tom decided to bring his dog .	His dog loved riding in the truck .
1	He was very curious about the monkeys .	Rick was at the zoo with his dad .	Rick ran along the cage looking at monkey running inside .	The monkey stopped and let out a shriek .	A scared little Rick ran back to daddy .
0	I needed a shed to contain my yard tools .	I bought supplies and found a guide online .	I followed the guide and began putting the shed together .	All week , I worked hard using power tools and manual labor .	After the week was over , I had a very nice shed .
0	Lewy wanted to build a snowman .	He went outside and started rolling snow .	Soon he had a snowman .	Lewy found some green paint .	Soon he had a green snowman .
0	The band was all set on the stage .	They looked real sharp with tuxedos on and polished instruments .	Everyone filled in to see them play .	They began and man were they good .	Everyone watched amazed at how well they played .
4	She served the chicken on a tortilla shell .	Martha was preparing slow cooker chicken .	She set her chicken breasts in her slow cooker .	She let them cook for 4 hours .	Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork .
0	The group arrived at the beach .	They looked around the area since no person was there .	Haley asked Drew if they 're in the right place .	Drew forgot that the beach was south instead of east .	They decided to stay at the beach until the end of the day .
3	So she purchased yarn and began to knit Kim 's sweater herself .	Kim wanted a sweater for Christmas , but she knew her mom was broke .	So she put it out of her mind , trying to forget it .	But her mom knew what she wanted , and she felt sad about it .	Kim loved her homemade sweater more than any other sweater ever !
3	A bear ate all their food the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking .	Bob and Dave decided to go camping on the weekend .	Bob told Dave he had a bad feeling about the trip .	They had fun around the campfire on the first night .	Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip .
1	He poured the cereal into a bowl like he always did .	Jason woke up and went to prepare his daily cereal for breakfast .	Then he found out he had no milk !	He did n't want to go to the store since it was early in the morning .	He compromised and ate his cereal dry .
4	Alice had to visit a police station to find her family .	Alice and her family were at the beach .	But Alice wandered off by herself .	She visited food stands and rented a bike .	But hours later , Alice 's family could n't find her .
3	In two months she had saved the $ 200 for June 's skates .	Candy knew her baby sister June wanted ice skates .	June loved to skate , but their mom could n't afford the pricey skates .	So Candy began to work weekends on a long paper route .	June was so happy to received them that she wept with joy !
1	Ben knew that if he read the most books he would win .	The library at Ben 's town was hosting a readathon for prizes .	He started reading books right away .	By the end of the month he had read 52 different books .	A few days later , he learned that he won the the prize !
2	He put on jacket and headed out the door .	Tom was hungry and did n't know what to eat .	He decided to go get fast food .	The wind hit his face with a mighty chil .	He turned around and decided to cook instead .
0	Jay was working at his job , a restaurant .	Suddenly he gets a call from a customer .	The customer states there is hair in the food .	The customer wants a refund .	Jay had to give it to her .
2	He ca n't sleep the night before they are set to fly to Denver .	Jim 's son is afraid to fly .	He 's seen too many stories about plane crashes .	But by the time he gets on the plane he is exhausted .	He is so tired that he sleeps all the way through the flight .
0	I fancied lots of women as a young man .	I went on plenty of dates .	Some of them were successful and others were not .	I eventually found the one i was looking for .	We got married and have two kids now .
4	They got lost in the mountain and lost their way .	Tom and Ben went hiking .	They had fun seeing many sights .	They traveled down a complex path .	They became tired and turned around .
0	January 16th is our engagement anniversary .	My wife thought people celebrated that event .	I sent flowers and a cake to her work .	I also bought her a pendant watch .	She enjoyed the gifts .
2	He asked Yan if he looked at his pants .	Yan was walking in public to a restaurant .	A stranger quickly stopped him .	Yan looked down .	He immediately realized that his zipper was wide open .
2	Ironically however , once the artist starting drawing , it did not hurt .	Julia was nervous because she was getting her first tattoo today .	She walked into the tattoo parlor and was shaking with fear .	When the artist was done , a pretty flower was on her arm .	Julia was thrilled with the result .
3	I had not heard of her until my niece told me .	I read that the Boston MFA acquired a Frida Kahlo painting .	The painting was from 1928 .	My niece is a big fan of Frida Kahlo .	We intend to go see the painting soon .
2	Then one day he had a bad car accident .	Gil was an inattentive driver .	He would continuously check his phone messages while driving .	He had injured himself and another person .	Gil now speaks publicly about the dangers of texting and driving .
1	She worked for months on her fitness .	Brittany wanted to enter a bodybuilding competition .	She lifted weights .	She ate healthy things and drank water .	She was happy when she won the competition .
0	The man was hiking a steep hill .	The hill got even more steep so they got climbing gear out .	The gear helped save them from falling .	They were glad they brought it .	Climbing gear was always brought on future trips .
4	They ended up keeping her hospitalized for three weeks .	Amy was struck by a drunk driver .	Her car slammed into a telephone pole .	Amy was thrown through the windshield and injured badly .	She was rushed to the hospital , where doctors tended her .
0	Jackie got up from the couch to go to the restroom .	While she was gone , her brother took her seat .	She returned to find him in her seat , and it angered her .	She ended up wrestling her brother for the seat .	While they wrestled , their little sister ended up taking the seat .
3	The car luckily stopped in time .	Jake was walking home from school .	He had to walk across the street .	As he was crossing a car come out of nowhere .	Jake ran home he was fine but frightened .
1	After the store , Matt surprised her a dinner date .	Matt took his wife to the store after work .	They went to the fanciest restaurant in town .	They both really enjoyed their meal that night .	Matt and his wife now have a favorite new place to eat .
2	She had just scored some last minute deals on some gifts .	It was Christmas Eve and everybody was asleep but Mom .	Mom was busy trying to get last minute Christmas gifts packaged .	She was tired but determined to finish .	She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family .
3	Billy saw a therapist and discovered he was clinically depressed .	Billy kept crying in his room every day .	His mom noticed it and asked him why .	Billy revealed that he was depressed all the time .	Billy is on medication and is happier than he 's ever been .
1	They went into the Super Bowl against the Giants as heavy favorites .	The 2007 Patriots team was considered by most the best of all time .	Most people expected them to destroy the Giants by 40 points .	But the Patriots missed some key plays , as did the refs , and lost .	The Giants had pulled off the biggest upset in sports history .
4	A helicopter found his smoke signal , and Dave was returned to safety .	Dave was on a hike when he decided to explore off the trail .	He became very distracted by the beautiful off-trail scenery .	After an hour of hiking , Dave finally realized he was lost .	He set up a campsite and created a smoke signal to be rescued .
2	So Mary scrubbed , polished , dusted and wiped .	Mary begged her mom for tickets to the concert that weekend .	Her mom agreed to buy the tickets if Mary could clean the whole house .	When she finished , her mom handed her the concert tickets .	Mary loved it all the more because she truly earned it !
0	Bobby had just enough money for chocolate from the vending machine .	He pushed the buttons for the candy he wanted .	Someone had loaded two bars into one slot .	So he got two candy bars for the price of one .	It was his lucky day .
1	He began to walk around town looking for some sort of employment	George needed to find a job after being laid off from his last one .	He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes then went home .	After days of trying , George began to wait on calls .	Later , a company called George with a job offer for him .
1	He especially hated the chairs he had to sit in at school .	Mike was very picky about everything .	So he decided to bring a folding chair to school everyday .	Everyone noticed him lugging the chair around .	And he became known as the chair carrier .
1	Scott told him to throw the ball to a teammate that 's open .	Although Jimmy did n't know how to play , Scott handed him the ball .	When the game started , the opponents ran towards him .	Jimmy freaked out and ran on the opposite side of the field .	He ended up running towards the streets .
2	His stories that he turned in were always criticized .	Ben was never a good story teller .	In English class , he usually did poorly .	Ben was determined to become the best writer possible .	Ben is all grown up and is now a world famous author .
3	But Adam did n't see what could go wrong .	Adam wanted to eat a frozen burrito for lunch .	But he needed to thaw it out first .	The package advised not to thaw it outside the fridge .	A few hours after eating the burrito , he began to feel sick .
4	I stayed in the bath until the water went cold .	I was extremely tired from work .	I ran myself a nice , hot bubble bath .	I got into the tub .	The water felt so good on my tired body .
1	Suddenly , the light bulb burnt out .	Jessie was in the bathroom showering .	She was plunged into the darkness .	She was really afraid of the dark and quickly got out of the tub .	She ran out of the bathroom and into the light .
0	Molly purchased tomato seeds for herself .	She bought green pepper seeds for her sister .	She raised the seeds to seedlings before transplanting .	Unfortunately she had gotten the seeds mixed up .	She had peppers and her sister had tomatoes .
1	After setting up the oven , he decided to go rest on his bed .	Henry placed his chicken inside the oven .	However , he accidentally fell asleep .	When he woke up , he ran to the oven .	He found out that the chicken was burnt .
4	Christina had a horrific car accident and has extensive brain damage .	I watched my neighbor Christina grow up to be a beautiful young lady .	The oldest of four she was home schooled and a very sweet girl .	Christina married young to the only boy I had ever seen her with .	I knew when she would visit her folks by the sounds of her loud car .
4	She had to start all over again .	Molly was doing some chores Saturday .	She spent most of her time meticulously sweeping the living room .	It was spotless and ready to be mopped .	All of a sudden her little brothers burst in and made a big mess .
0	Amy did n't want to eat the school lunch anymore .	Her mother told her she was too busy to make her a lunch .	Amy decided she would pack her own lunch .	Amy made a sandwich , and grabbed chips to go with .	At lunch her friends made fun of her homemade lunch .
0	Before it got too cold , we decided to take a trip to the Gorge .	Driving there , we decided to spend the day hiking .	After selecting a trail that was good , we set off !	The trail was perfect , if but a little wet .	One we were finished we headed home , exhausted .
1	They told him to go pee before the three hour drive .	Keith 's parents were taking him to Disneyland .	He argued for a while saying he did n't have to go .	His parents did n't want to argue so they started the drive .	Before the first stoplight Keith had to pee .
1	She went to the kitchen .	Angelina decided she was hungry .	She cooked herself spaghetti and meatballs .	Angelina at her dinner rapidly .	She was pleased with the taste and it satisfied her hunger .
4	To her surprise it was not that bad .	Lucy was terrified for her exam today .	She stayed up all night long studying .	She wanted to make sure she would get a great grade on it .	When she got to the room she took the test .
3	Sarah missed two words and made a B on her test .	Sarah was in the third grade .	She always made good grades .	One day she forgot to study for her spelling test .	She vowed to always write down her assignments in a planner .
1	He was driving from Flagstaff to Phoenix for a gig .	My husband was in a bad accident in college .	He hit some black ice and rolled his truck .	He was fine , but his truck was totaled .	He still tried to make it to his gig !
0	I took my family to the museum one day .	We were looking at an exhibit when we heard a boom .	A voice came over the intercom and told us it was storming .	We looked at various exhibits while waiting .	When the storm passed , we were able to leave the museum .
1	She had always been a food connoisseur .	Thea loved eating !	After she graduated , she cast about for job prospects .	Then she realized she already knew what she wanted to do .	Thea got a great job right away - as a food critic !
1	There must be a better way to sell his device !	James is sick of paying the expense of marketing campaigns .	He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his .	They 're more than happy to take his money and give him what he wants .	James is happy they cost much less than buying advertisements .
1	Samantha wanted to do something special for her mom .	It was mother 's day !	Samantha woke up early and quietly made her way into the kitchen .	She prepared waffles and pancakes .	Samantha 's mom was elated to eat breakfast in bed .
4	She was clearly winded as she slid down the wall .	Gina 's dad was fighting with his friends in their yard .	Her mother ran out to break up the fight .	Someone pushed her out of the way .	She stumbled on a brick and hit the wall hard .
0	For Christmas all Susie wanted was a bike .	She asked her parents for one .	When Christmas came Susie was so excited .	When she opened her presents though , there was no bike .	She was very disappointed .
4	Sally was proud of her creation .	Sally planted a flower garden .	She included roses and periwinkles .	She placed a fountain in her garden .	She also put a walking path .
1	I did n't have a suit but needed one .	I was going to a friend 's wedding .	I went to a local tailor .	They measured me and made me a suit .	It was surprisingly cheap , and the suit looked good .
4	That 's what Tammy did and is enjoying it .	There are lots of wine clubs .	Some of the clubs have great wine .	Also some of the clubs have bad wine .	Make sure you try a lot of clubs before committing to one .
3	Finally , Jill decided to treat herself and bought the bag .	Jill loved to bargain hunt at thrift stores .	One day she found a lovely unmarked handbag at the local thrift store .	She debated whether to buy it as it was fifty dollars .	Later , she learned that the bag was Chanel brand and worth thousands !
1	She said she wanted me to make pumpkin soup .	I asked my mother what she wanted me to make for Thanksgiving .	She had never had it , and I had never made it .	I worked hard on the soup to make it special .	We loved the soup !
4	Tay lost the race after all .	Tay and his friends were racing bikes .	Tay knew he could win the race .	He was far ahead of the others !	But then he fell off his bike .
2	But she remembered what her parents told her about being nice .	Lisa saw a new kid at school .	She thought he was dressed a bit odd .	So she decided to be nice to him .	They were n't friends yet but at the very least friendly .
3	A male was recently found in the wild .	Babs was a rare breed of tiger .	Babs was the last of her kind .	With no male tigers around , Babs might die without producing a cub .	The male tiger and Babs could now produce offspring .
4	Sam was slowly able to enjoy his life again .	Sam came home from the war , and something was n't right .	He spent day after day with his wife and son , and could n't relax .	At night , he woke himself screaming from nightmares .	He finally went to see a therapist .
3	She looked online and saw someone giving them away .	Sally wanted a puppy for years .	She got good grades on her report card .	She showed her parents and they said she could have one because of it .	Sally went with her parents and got the puppy .
4	Phillip bought him tickets for one , and hoped they would bond .	Philip had been trying to impress his father in law for years .	Ever since he and his wife Julia had started dating , in fact .	But nothing seemed to work .	Then Philip found out his father in law loved watching dog shows .
4	Hank put the two-dollar bill in a safe where he could not use it .	Hank had a grandfather .	Hank 's grandfather had a two-dollar bill that was lucky .	When Hank turned twenty , his father gave him the bill .	Hank was afraid he would spend it on drugs .
1	One day when she was hiking , she found a nest .	Hannah loved to hike .	Inside the nest was three baby birds .	Hannah very carefully picked the nest up and set it in a tree .	The mother bird would be happy to find her babies safe .
2	The dog would not fetch .	Tim got a new dog .	He tried to teach it fetch .	Tim kept trying for five weeks .	Soon , the dog was great at playing fetch .
4	He then gave Ralph medicine so he could feel all better .	Ralph has a sore throat .	His mother took him to the doctor .	Ralph was afraid the doctor would give him a shot .	Instead , the doctor just check his temperature and throat .
1	The hair floated off Tony 's face into the wind .	One day Tony had a strand of hair hit him while riding his bicycle .	Later the hair found its way floating into a restaurant .	Tony sat down in the restaurant to order food .	He found that same hair resting on his plate when the food arrived .
0	Mark had a bad day at work .	He came home and decided to go for a jog .	Mark was not used to exercising and it was hard for him .	However , he felt really good afterwards .	Mark decided he was going to start exercising more often .
0	I went to the baseball game	My favorite pitcher was playing	he gave up a lot of home runs	He was pulled from the game	I left disappointed
3	After repeated attempts to discover the caller she hung up .	Amy watching TV at home .	She answered the phone when it rang .	There was no answer on the other end .	Amy was certain it was the mean girls from school harassing her .
1	He went to the big five sporting goods store .	Charles needed to buy a cheap pair of shoes .	He looked at all of the sneakers on the wall .	He found a pair that cost twenty five dollars .	They had a Napster logo on the bottom so Charles bought them .
3	He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle .	Joe is packing the last of the items he needs for his trip to the bay .	He takes special care in loading his new speargun .	As soon as it 's in , he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck .	At last , he 's on his way to his destination .
1	He could n't wait to use it .	On Christmas Day , Ned got a beautiful new sled .	Unfortunately it was now late February and still no snow !	Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches .	He finally got to try out his Christmas sled .
3	One day , he was driving and got hit by another car .	After months of building credit , Bob bought a new car .	Bob was very proud of his new car .	He loved to just go for a drive around town .	Luckily , he was not hurt , and his insurance paid for the repairs .
1	He was a pretty good drawer so he was n't worried about it .	Doug waited until the last minute to do his art project .	That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed .	The other kids had clearly put more work into their art .	His teacher looked disappointed as she took it from him .
0	Amber wanted Taylor Swift concert tickets for her birthday .	Her parents told her they were to expensive .	The tickets were already in an envelope in the living room .	As Amber cried her mom tried not to laugh .	Amber cried when she opened the tickets on her birthday .
3	Tim began to cry .	Tim had a huge party .	He made carrot stew .	However , everyone hated it .	He then was happy when he realized his dog loved the stew .
2	If he did n't pay soon he would be evicted .	Bill was late on the rent .	It was the third time .	Bill did n't have the money to pay .	He had to move out within the month .
1	She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off .	Melissa was hosting her family 's Thanksgiving for the first time .	Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long .	It was badly burnt , and the main course ruined .	Melissa decided to let someone else host next year .
1	He decided to make himself a cherry pie .	Jonah was craving something sweet .	He assembled it carefully and put it into the oven .	But then he forgot about it !	By the time he pulled it out , it was hopelessly burned !
3	After the chant , they opened their eyes .	Tess and Jane took the vow .	The looked each other in the eyes and chanted .	They promised never to lose the heart shaped lockets in their hands .	They hugged each other and went outside to play .
2	She bought herself a standing mixer at the store .	Nikki wanted to make pizza at home .	She was n't good at kneading dough though .	She now does n't have to knead the dough .	She is very happy with her mixer .
1	He thought his friends would mock his illiteracy .	Sam wanted to learn how to read .	But when they found out , they were all very kind .	They even volunteered to teach him his letters .	After months of studying , Sam became a great reader !
0	I hate fish !	One day , my mom cooked trout for dinner .	I was angry at her .	I told her off and said I was not going to eat .	She grounded me and I realized I should n't have been so mean .
3	Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball .	Lucas was playing basketball with his friend .	His friend accidentally threw the basketball over the fence .	Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp .	Suddenly , a crocodile surfaced and scared Lucas away .
3	The buns were moldy and green .	Last night I planned to make hamburgers .	I got the meat out ready to cook them .	However when I looked for the buns I found something .	I immediately had to throw them out .
0	The teacher handed out a sheet of paper to everyone .	He told them it was a pop quiz .	The students all groaned .	They had to work together to solve a problem .	It took them 20 minutes but they finished .
3	Ricky 's manager bought the guitar for Ricky .	Ricky was a fantastic musician .	He asked his manager to buy a guitar for him .	The guitar had once belonged to Elvis Presley .	Ricky played the best concert of his life with it .
4	She forgave me and even helped me look for my coat .	I lost my coat on the playground .	Later , at lunch , I saw a girl wearing my coat !	I accused her , but she denied it .	She showed me her tag and it was not my size .
3	Pre marriage counseling has failed them obviously .	I used to think marriage was the best thing since ice cream .	I learned different when my friend Tracy married Doug .	I have watched them argue , fuss and fight .	That 's why I think Tracy and Doug deserve a refund .
4	She quit without notice .	Venita used to love her job .	She felt very fulfilled .	One day , a new manager took over .	Everything became very overwhelming .
2	Hari decided to buy headphones .	Hari loved listening to music .	But , people would complain because he did n't have headphone .	He went to the store and got the best headphones available .	Now , Harry could listen to music without complaints .
2	Joe leaned over the water to look at the fish .	Joe went out to eat at a restaurant .	Next to the outdoor dining area was a pond full of fish .	He lost his balance and fell in the pond .	He was so embarrassed that he never went back to that restaurant again
1	As I was pouring a cup , I missed my cup .	I had just made a pot of coffee .	Instead it hit my hand .	I gave myself a burn .	Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid .
2	Afterwards , Mary used public transportation to go to the hospital .	Mary started her day off with a small bowl of cereal .	She then worked out at the gym for an hour .	She was there to visit her grandmother .	Mary sat in the room and told stories to her all evening .
0	Bernie is running for president .	His friend Hillary is also running for president .	Hillary says mean things about Bernie on television .	Bernie feels sad .	Bernie becomes president after the election .
4	Joe got the book and is reading it .	I bought a book for my friend Joe .	Joe is a purchasing manager at a government agency .	His boss wants Joe to write Requests for Proposals .	As Joe had never done this , I bought him a book on RFPs .
2	She tried to eat them slowly , but they were so tasty she ate them all .	Anna received a big box of chocolates for Valentine 's Day .	She loved them !	The next day , she had a bad stomachache .	Anna wished she had n't eaten all those chocolates !
2	The Muslim man told him to hand copy out the entire dictionary twice .	A young troubled man with a tough life went to prison .	In there he met a Muslim man .	The young man did this .	The young felt this helped to contribute to improving his life .
2	Our neighbors were vegetarian - except for the husband .	We had a lot of cookouts in front of our condo building .	We usually had burgers and dogs .	One day I gave a burger to the kids and told them to give it to the hu	He was very appreciative .
3	She had fleas , how could he not know what fleas were ?	My husband and i decided to get a Welsh Corgi from a breeder .	We drove 80 miles to get her , my husband held her on the drive back .	He kept asking what these black things were all over her .	He is from Vegas , he said there are no fleas there , how crazy !
3	He filled his cart up , checked out , and went home .	Ken really need some paper towels .	He drove up to the dollar store for a quick trip .	The dollar store was having a mega sale !	When he got home he got mad , he had forgot the paper towels .
2	Her first batch had just finished and was cooling on the rack .	The older woman was busy in the kitchen making cookies .	She loved to bake cookies of all different kinds .	She heard the door open and footsteps running to the kitchen .	The grandchildren were just in time for her labor of love .
0	Jimmy got a new computer for Christmas .	He installed many games and played with it for hours .	Then one night a popup arrived and notified him of a virus .	Jimmy tried to remove the virus but it destroyed his computer .	Now Jimmy has to share a computer with his sister .
4	He wo n't say what they cost him , though .	Ed likes to buy vintage records .	Yesterday , he found a shop that only sells records .	He spent hours in there .	Ed ended up walking out with over twenty different records .
4	To her surprise it was her favorite peanut butter and Jelly !	Kim accidentally took her Dad 's lunch to school instead of her own .	At lunch time she was horrified to see a sardine sandwich !	Tom was sitting near her and begged her to trade with him .	She accepted not knowing what she was getting .
0	The sky was dark and cloudy .	Mom said a storm was coming .	I watched the rainy fall down so fast .	I could hear the rainy slam against the windows .	I had never seen such a big storm before .
0	Janice was laying in bed one night .	Suddenly , she felt a sharp pain .	She jumped out of bed just in time to see a spider scurry away .	The bite began swelling and turning red .	She decided to go to the hospital , to be safe .
1	As a teenager she took a trip to India with her family .	Ida was American but of Indian descent .	Ida met extended family members and saw the sights .	She had a fantastic time visiting her native land .	She could n't wait to return and visit again !
2	Yesterday , there were three shows on cooking .	Television is a scary thing .	They can show almost anything on it .	This got me thinking I was hungry .	I made a sandwich to satisfy my craving .
2	I sent these items to work .	I sent flowers and a big cookie to my wife for V Day .	I sent cookies to my daughter .	Their colleagues were impressed .	I was glad to show my love .
0	Sheila and her husband were expecting their fourth child .	They were very excited and prepared for the baby in every way .	Sheila 's belly was growing at a rapid rate .	At 7 months Sheila went in to have an ultrasound done .	The doctor surprisingly told her she was expecting three babies !
2	But the ladder was gone , because someone had needed it .	Margaret was at her family cabin .	She was up in the loft , and wanted to go downstairs .	She was stuck and called out for help .	Finally , someone brought the ladder back .
0	Sam went to the beach with his brother .	They decided to see who would collect the most shells .	Sam 's pants did n't have any pockets , but his brother 's did .	He took off his shirt and used it to hold shells .	Sam collected the most shells , but still could n't carry any home !
1	He had poor credit and he could n't keep a job .	Charles ' life was considered a wreck .	A mentor told him to laugh at himself and keep on going .	Charles took his advice and laughed at himself .	But it was hard to laugh while the police were towing his car .
0	The radio show host asked his audience for requests for the next song .	No one called in so he began to fabricate requests .	The next time he asked for requests a lot of people called in .	They said last show was so terrible so the felt the need to call .	The radio host was so offended that he hung up on them .
0	My ears were becoming very dirty .	The holes were clogged with earwax .	I grabbed some cleaning sticks .	I scrubbed all the wax that I could out of my ear .	When I was done , my hearing felt more clear .
2	We were unable to decide on just one and drove home feeling sad .	My son and I drove to the shelter to adopt a new cat .	We spent two hours playing with over fifty cats .	When we got home , we found a sweet little stray living in our garage .	Our new kitty adopted us , which made us very happy .
3	Jay went outside to investigate .	Jay looked out the window in November .	He saw something fall from the sky .	He was not sure if it was snow or ash from a fire .	Since he smelled no fire , he thought it was snow .
4	Yuri watched from life raft as the boat dipped beneath the water .	Yuri shoved his boat from the dock .	He turned the wheel to steer the boat into the bay .	Later a the weather began to turn for the worse .	A large wave tossed the small boat onto the rocks .
4	But I smiled and pretended to love it .	My grandmother loves to knit .	It gives her joy to give handmade gifts .	She made me a sweater for my birthday .	It was hideously ugly .
3	Every man took up the contest but lost .	A very smart scientist created a robot that could bowl a perfect game .	He took his robot to the robot to the alley to show off .	The scientist challenged everyone to play against his robot .	The robot was dubbed Doctor 300 and the best bowler around .
4	Help soon arrives , saving them from the endeavour .	Alex believes that god is real .	Richard , his friend , is constantly arguing with him about it .	One day they get stuck in a forest .	Alex prays for help .
4	I was so shocked , I immediately kicked both of them out .	I invited my two male friends over to fix my car .	I noticed that Tom was in a sour mood .	While fixing my car , Tom started arguing with me .	Suddenly , he hit me in my face and tried to fight me .
2	He had a special surprise planned for the big day .	Liam and his fiancee Valerie were planning their wedding .	Valerie was handling most of it , but Liam wanted to plan the dance .	The entire wedding party practiced for months working on a flash mob .	Valerie was surprised and delighted with the wonderful performance .
4	A year later Sarah was happy and the doctor said her weight was good .	Sara looked in the mirror and she was unhappy .	The doctor told her today that she needed to lose 100 pounds .	Sara decided to lose weight to make herself more confident .	Sara worked out and watched what she ate .
2	He got better and better .	Tom wanted to learn to bowl .	He bought a ball and practiced at home .	Eventually he entered a bowling league contest .	He did so well , he won second prize !
0	Deedee was looking for a comfortable home .	Riding in and around all communities .	Deedee had a certain budget to stay in .	Deedee found a split level , patio , deck and lovely yard areas .	The lovely peach and green house with rose bushes on both sides .
3	But she stayed out past her curfew .	Linda has been having problems with her sixteen year old daughter .	Linda is saying her teenage daughter is too smart for her age .	Last weekend , her daughter went out to have a good time .	He daughter came home and said she was having fun so she did n't leave .
4	Remy was surprised when they both were awarded the scholarship .	Remy was always good at playing soccer .	He played on teams in grade school and high school .	His friend , Leo , also loved to play soccer , but he did not play well .	Remy and Leo applied for a soccer scholarship at their local college .
0	My name was Bob .	I hated my name .	I decided to change it .	I changed it to Zeke .	Now , I loved my name !
0	Jan cut her finger while chopping food .	So she went to put a band aid on the cut .	But there was too much blood .	Jan drove to the hospital .	And doctors were able to stop the bleeding .
0	Jane had been trying to get pregnant for around two years now .	She was at the fertility clinic with her husband .	The doctor had them both perform a number of exams .	The doctor then asked Jane 's husband to stop wearing tight trousers .	Jane looked relieved while her husband looked sheepish .
3	Ray told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate .	There was a house that was painted red and stood on a hill .	Ray walked up to this house to see if anyone was home .	An old man answered the door and greeted Ray .	The old man looked at the sky , then Ray , then slammed the door .
3	Roxy utilizes her skills to her full potential .	Roxy has never lost in a video game before .	One day she gets challenged by Richard .	Richard puts up a good fight .	Richard ends up winning 10-9 .
4	We ended up winning it 3 to 2 .	My ice hockey team went to the championship game .	We were up against an undefeated team .	We played extremely hard .	It came down to overtime .
4	They all thought it was and expensive store bought dress .	Ally could n't afford to buy a dress for the school dance .	Her grandmother helped her make one .	Ally felt a little uneasy going to the dance in a homemade dress .	A number of the girls at the dance commented how pretty it was .
4	Susan enjoyed her retirement by reading books .	Susan was a secretary for 30 years .	She just retired this past month .	Susan decided to sell her house .	She moved to Florida to retire in a house by the beach .
1	They had been out until 3 AM , but no one knew .	Lynn and her friends were in her room laughing hard .	Her dad sat in the kitchen eating a sandwich , none the wiser .	Lynn had never done anything so daring .	She decided she would do it again tomorrow .
2	Jill really wanted to ride it .	Jill was at the mall with her mom .	They had put a merry go round in at the food court .	Her mother gave her a dollar so she could get on it .	She picked a pink horse to ride .
3	Vickie decided to move the entire family to higher ground .	Vickie and her family were worried about all of the rainy .	They lived in a valley and flooding was common .	The rainy had been coming down for three straight days .	She was at ease since moving to the hills .
1	She left them in the trunk of her car so the kids would n't find them .	Mary had bought chocolate Easter bunnies for all of her children .	She thought it would be okay since the weather was still so cold .	But the sun was so bright that the inside of the car still got hot !	Mary was sad and frustrated to find all the bunnies had melted !
2	I went to the store with my debit card .	I saw a commercial for a playstation 4 and wanted one badly .	I looked at my bank account and I had enough money .	I walked inside and tried to buy a playstation 4 .	Unfortunately , my card was declined for fraud alert .
3	After an hour , she rinsed it off and checked her skin in the mirror .	Tora was getting self-conscious about her face as she aged .	She decided to try to improve her wrinkles and lines .	She bought an at-home glycolic acid skin peel and applied it .	To her pleasure , Tora saw that her fine lines had been diminished !
0	I read Remembrance of Things Past in 2008 .	It took a year to read the seven novels .	When I finished I bought Madeleines and ate them .	I celebrated the first book , which featured Madeline cookies .	I was happy to have read such a long work .
4	Steve told her to stop messing around and go to her own bed .	Steve began tucking his daughter into bed .	She asked him to look underneath it and check for monsters .	Steven bent down and was startled by a girl jumping out from under it !	It was his other daughter asking him to look for monsters on the bed .
0	Jonathan 's favorite pastime was watching movies .	One day he decided he wanted to make his own movie .	He learned as much about filmmaking as he could .	Once he felt prepared , he gathered all his friends who wanted to help .	They spent the afternoon making his movie .
4	I decided to never go off-roading without a friend .	Today I took my jeep on a new trail .	The trail we very muddy and difficult .	I got my jeep stuck .	Luckily my friend was there to pull me out .
2	I ordered a spicy tuna roll , extra hot .	I love hot food .	I went to a sushi bar last night for dinner .	The chef 's just laughed at me when they hand me my roll .	I now have blisters on my tongue and a nuclear war zone in my stomach .
2	A large eel darted out after him .	Lucas was swimming in the Caribbean Sea .	He swam between a large rock , and was shocked by what he saw .	Lucas grabbed the eel and wrestled with it .	The eel swam away after biting off a chunk of Lucas ' arm .
2	I had trouble getting the crust right .	I wanted to learn to make pot pies .	I bought a recipe book with a number of styles .	Then I had trouble getting the vegetables cooked well enough .	In the end I bought some frozen pot pies and they were great .
0	Yves wanted chocolate but his pantry was empty .	The chocolate store was too far away .	Yves decided to make chocolate instead .	He grabbed some cacao beans and made milk chocolate .	Unfortunately , the chocolate burnt and Yves could n't eat it .
4	The deer would live another day .	Jon and his father were going hunting in the woods .	They saw a deer through the bushes .	Trying to keep quiet , they inched towards it .	Jon stepped on a branch , and the deer was scared off .
1	A big branch fell to the ground just as a young woman was passing .	Tim was trimming palm trees along the street .	Tim called out to warn her .	She jumped out of the way just as the branch crashed down .	It was a very close call .
3	She wore sandals again and heard her feet looked like boat oars .	Linda is self-conscious about her feet .	She rarely wears sandals because her feet are so big .	One day she wore sandals to class and Mark gave her a compliment .	She had to think back to her compliment or she would 've cried .
1	One time , she gave me a black eye .	My wife was abusive .	I went to the police station to report what she had done .	The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison .	I was happy that I no longer had to fear her .
4	It was all free so it tasted that much better .	Mischa was out for dinner with friends .	The waiter informed them that they were the lucky diners .	They had won a free dinner .	They decided to get a bunch of food .
4	Joe decided to stay there indefinitely .	Joe was bored .	He decided to go on a trip .	He bought a ticket and went to Hawaii .	He had an amazing time in Hawaii .
2	The extruded writing cores are cut to length and put in place .	Pencil making starts with wood being carved into thin slats .	Grooves are cut into the slats to make space for the graphite cores .	The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top .	Finally , the individual pencils are carved into shape .
1	No matter what he tried , nothing would come up on the monitor .	Jim could not get the computer to work .	He could hear the computer running .	Finally he asked his dad to come take a look .	His dad quickly discovered the monitor brightness was turned down .
1	He loved Halloween so he eagerly accepted .	Brad had been asked to run the haunted house at his school .	He spent lots of time preparing everything .	On opening night , he heard kids saying it was the scariest thing ever !	Brad was so happy he almost danced with glee !
2	Gina wanted to do something about this .	Gina liked taking her dog on walks .	Her dog would snap and growl at other dogs on these walks .	So she started trying to socialize her dog more with others .	After a while , her dog started to act more friendly to other dogs .
3	One day he saw a hungry squirrel .	Matt collected acorns .	He had a few hundred in his room .	His mother wanted him to get rid of them .	Matt happily gave all of his acorns to the hungry squirrel .
4	She drove afraid that should she miss the deadline she would be fired .	Jane was speeding to her daughter Ali 's school .	She had to get back to work as quickly as possible .	There as a project that had to be completed .	Jane knew the project was a big deal for the company .
2	He looked at the bottom .	Tom was looking for Kenya on the globe .	He looked at the top .	Finally his mother pointed it out .	It turns out it was in Africa .
1	He drove thirty minutes to a pet store .	Gerry was going to get a new fish .	When he got there , he could not decide which fish he wanted .	So he ended up buying five different fish .	Now he needs several different tanks .
2	She was as surprised to see me as I was her .	Our minister had hired me to tend to his garden .	That 's what I was doing , when I saw my Mom come by .	I asked her what on earth she was doing there , on a weekday .	She told me the minister had gotten her pregnant .
4	The bag opened suddenly and potato chips flew everywhere !	Donald was driving in his truck with a new bag of potato chips .	He was really hungry so he opened the bag .	He struggled for a bit but he could n't use both hands .	He held on to the bag with his teeth and pulled .
4	It seized my tires , but luckily I called my husband and he saved me !	It was late afternoon and I was driving home .	I suddenly see this random shirt flying in my direction .	It landed on the road before me , I had to drive over it .	It got caught in the back tire axle of my car .
0	Jeff read the weather forecast on the Internet .	He gasped at what it said .	They were predicting over two feet of snow !	Jeff threw open his window curtains .	He was surprised to find they 'd made an accurate forecast for once .
4	I can not ride anymore , so I do n't have bike flat tires .	I used to bike to work every day .	I did it in the rain and often in the snow .	I hated getting a flat tire .	I would have to lock up the bike and pick it up later in a car .
4	They finally have to go home , but they are excited for next week !	Joey and his mom like visiting the park .	They go every week .	Their favorite part is feeding the ducks .	The ducks are friendly today and eat from their hands .
2	He dresses like it 's 1915 and not 2015 .	My uncle is visiting us for the holidays .	He is an eccentric person !	Last night , he wore a top hat .	I ca n't wait to see what he wears tonight at dinner !
0	Adolph was born a sickly boy .	He struggled with finding meaning in his life .	He thought he wanted to be a successful artist .	One day , he became very interested in politics .	His strong determination to succeed made him very well known .
4	When the storm passed , they decided to go eat together .	Janice was at the park but it started raining so she hid .	She was bored but saw another girl nearby also hiding from the rainy .	She went over and introduced herself and they started to talk .	They became great friends and talked a long time .
1	Suddenly , he was standing in front of a bear .	Mike was trekking in the backcountry in the early spring .	He resisted his first instinct to run .	Instead , he stood his ground and waved his arms to look bigger .	The bear finally turned and wandered off the other way .
0	For my birthday I got many gift cards .	I am a very indecisive shopper so I am a little stressed .	Today I decided I was going to use two gift cards .	I could not decide what to buy and I did not use either card .	I hope I can use all of my gift cards before they expire .
3	Then , a huge black bug came out of the sack .	Tom was looking through his pantry for a snack .	He was about to grab a banana .	Suddenly he noticed a weird white sack attached to it .	The bug crawled away and Tom lost his appetite .
0	Karl was arrested for vandalism and fighting .	He was sentenced to anger management classes .	At first he thought they were a waste of time .	But then they started helping him .	In the end , Karl was grateful for the classes .
0	Gretchen the goat lived in the backyard of a sweet family .	Every day they would feed Gretchen and pet her .	One day some dogs got into the back yard with Gretchen .	They chased her and bit her until she became very exhausted .	Gretchen 's family was devastated that the dogs almost killed Gretchen .
2	After they were finished with their food , the waitress came .	A group of college students came into the restaurant .	They sat down and told the waitress what they want to eat .	She placed the bill on the table .	However , the kids ran as soon as the waitress turned her back .
3	The interviewer was an old friend from college .	Sally had a job interview .	She was so nervous she could n't sleep .	The next morning she fixed a cup of coffee and headed to the interview .	Sally felt way better about it .
0	Ben took his gecko out of its cage .	He placed him on top of his bed .	Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts .	He returned to find the gecko gone .	Ben noticed the gecko hiding under a pillow .
3	When she had almost given up hope , two showed up !	Anna missed seeing hummingbirds all the time .	She placed a nectar feeder outside on her back patio .	She waited for days to see a hummingbird .	Anna was so happy to see the little red-chested birds again .
3	Ben spent several nights editing footage .	Ben wanted to be a better camera man .	He walked around his neighborhood filming interesting things .	He uploaded all the footage to his computer .	Now he feels confident he is a better camera man !
3	They drove to the park and sat on a blanket .	Ray wanted to have a family picnic .	He packed sandwiches and drinks .	Then he packed all the kids into the van .	Everyone enjoyed their picnic outdoors !
1	She shrieked something fierce , so Uncle Bob came running .	Maude fell down the stairs and broke her ankle .	He carried her to the car , and to the hospital they went .	The kind staff patched Maude up , good as new .	When they got the hospital bill , they were shocked at the cost !
2	Alice decided she would look for a recipe to bake a pie .	Alice loved apple pie .	However , she did not know how to bake a pie .	Alice found her grandmother 's recipe .	Alice decided she would use her grandmother 's recipe to bake a pie .
2	He put ham and cheese on a muffin .	Sean wanted a sandwich .	He went into his kitchen .	Then , he put it in the microwave .	Finally , he ate it .
0	Jim 's bank account was low .	He did not know why .	He got a lot of money from his job .	He looked online to see what happened .	It turns out someone charged money after stealing his card .
3	I climbed to the top to look around .	I smelled smoke in the air during my hike .	I looked around but saw no fires .	Next to me was a tall tree .	Far in the distance I could see a fire growing .
1	Chris tried to wash the pan first with soap .	Chris and Joe were making eggs on a cast iron skillet .	Joe freaked out at him for ruining the seasoning of the pan .	In the end the eggs tasted fine .	Chris looked for an apology but got none .
2	He was really proud of it and did n't want to eat it .	Julian and his family were making Christmas cookies .	He made one cookie that looked like his guitar .	Instead , his mom found a cool spray that would preserve it .	Then , she hung it on a string and made an ornament .
4	No one could tell that his new boots were n't actually new !	Matt needed new boots for winter .	But his family was too poor to buy them for him !	So Matt checked out a secondhand shop .	There , he found a nice pair of boots in his size .
0	Amy asked her mother for money to buy Christmas gifts .	Her mother told her there was no extra money in her budget for Amy .	When she asked her grandmother she told her she had no money .	Amy decided she needed to get a job .	She spent 5 hours filling out applications online .
1	They counted to 3 and then started over the cliff .	The boys all decided together to jump .	Three of the four boys splashed into the lake .	The fourth boy , still on the cliff , looked down at the boys .	They boys looked up at the boy on the cliff with disapproval .
3	After dating for five years I asked her to marry me .	I met a beautiful lady while I was in college .	I mustered up the courage to ask her out .	We really hit it off .	I have been happily married with her for ten years now .
1	He would hold each of us in each arm .	My dad would swing us around as kids .	One day he let me go a little too soon .	I flew right into a table .	That day I received two stitches .
3	He paid for it at the register and rushed home .	Jack had saved up enough money to buy a new video game .	He went to the store and looked for what he wanted .	Jack found the game .	Jack played his new video game all afternoon !
0	I decided to order a pizza .	They accidentally put jalapenos on it .	I hate spicy food !	But , I decided to eat it .	My mouth was burning and I cried !
1	He worked hard and felt that he deserved it .	Pyotr wanted a raise .	But when he asked his boss , he was denied .	His boss told Pyotr that the company did not have money for raises .	Pyotr was very disappointed .
1	After work , I picked up the ingredients and went home .	I was craving tacos really badly .	When I got home , I began preparing the meal .	After an hour of work , my tacos were done .	I sat down , watched tv and enjoyed the tacos .
3	Eric keeps betting hoping to get his money back .	Eric won a lot of money playing blackjack .	He decides that he 's on a winning streak and keeps betting .	He wins 3 more times , and then enters a losing streak .	Eric ends up betting more than he won , and goes home frustrated .
0	Tim is the star quarterback at Notre Dame .	But he is failing in school .	So his coach gets him a tutor .	She helps him bring his grades up so that he can play .	Tim and the tutor start dating and fall in love .
3	When she tried to drive home , her car shut down .	Nancy was driving to her job .	The car maintenance light turned on .	However , she continued to drive without being nervous .	The engine shut down and she remained in the middle of the road .
4	When finished , Ted felt satisfied with his work .	Ted had a mouse infestation problem .	Ted spread the poisoned traps along the perimeter of his yard .	He then spread some more around the perimeter of his house .	He put up clear signs of poison to warn his neighbors .
0	Today I went to the biggest sledding hill I could find .	I built a ramp about halfway down the hill .	When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast .	I flew off of my sled and landed in the snow .	I was okay and decided not to use the ramp .
0	The other day I decided to buy a new xmas tree .	I took my compact car to the mall .	There I spent forever looking for one .	I finally found the perfectly awesome choice .	But it did n't fit when I went back to my car .
3	I have been taking practice tests and using flashcards .	It 's time for finals next week .	I have been busy studying for the past few days .	I hope to do well on my exams .	I am confident that I will ace the tests .
0	Gina was on the playground by herself .	She did n't want to seem like she cared that she was alone .	She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground .	She hoped it would look like she was exercising .	She wanted to avoid looking pathetic .
4	He took the monkey home , and they soon became best friends	George was in college and lived alone .	George often felt lonely , so he decided to get a pet .	He went to the pet store and looked at all the animals .	Finally , he decided to buy a monkey .
0	The elementary school was have a father-daughter dance .	Lana 's dad asked her to go .	She picked out a dress .	He took her to dinner .	It was the perfect first dance .
4	JD no longer submits his writings to that company .	JD is a freelance writer .	One company JD worked for did not like JD 's writings .	The company refused to take JD 's stories .	JD became angry with the company .
3	They have decided to wear three different outfits .	Halloween is their favorite holiday .	They have had their costumes picked out since the last halloween .	The day is finally here .	They have a good time with their friends in Salem MA .
4	Jonathan claimed his title as chess master .	Jonathan had an important chess tournament .	He would be playing against his brother .	Jonathan was intimated by his brother throughout the match .	Jonathan was able to beat his brother in record time .
4	I will never forget that game .	One of my favorite games as a kid was Animal Crossing .	The day I got that game as a gift as a kid , I started playing it .	It took me about a year to complete the game , but it was worth it .	Having a little world full of nice animals and building a home was fun .
1	He quietly opened his door and stepped inside .	It was late at night when Billy got home .	Billy reached around to find the light switch .	When he flipped it on , nothing happened .	He replaced the lightbulb and he could once again see .
2	One day his dad tripped on a lego walking down the stairs .	Little Jimmy loved playing with legos .	His parents would always get mad that he would n't put them away .	He broke his neck and is a cripple now .	Jimmy never forgave himself for it .
0	Som needed to put a lawn in her front yard .	First she pulled out the weeds and thorny plants .	Then she used a rake to break up the clay .	Som got some sod to cover the yard at the garden store .	She shortly put the sod down on watered soil .
1	I can make them pretty easily .	Everyone wants flower arrangements with dogs these days .	But I think they look really dumb .	Still , it 's a job and I need money	So I made them and got paid anyway .
2	He wore his toga to the grocery store to buy bread .	Sal had a toga party with his friends .	After the party , he decided that he wanted to wear togas more often .	The clerk asked him if he was in a play or something .	Sal tried to think of a witty retort , but failed .
0	Sara had a family cookbook .	All of the recipes were out of order .	She started sorting them .	She put everything into categories .	Soon , it was all well organized .
1	Sam had been poor because nobody wanted his clothes .	Sam had practiced weaving wool all his life .	When Sam 's father died , he inherited his supply of silk .	Sam decided to try and make clothes of silk .	Sam soon sold out his supply and was a rich man !
1	He took up reading voraciously .	A man wanted to increase his intelligence .	He read many of the most highly regarded works of literature .	He soon became very knowledgeable and intelligent .	He knew he had increased his intelligence by reading many books .
0	Dani punched her wall out of frustration .	She created a big hole .	She felt terrible about what she had done .	Dani went to the store and bought drywall .	She patched the wall up .
3	I called to have the store bring us a new one but they complained .	My girlfriend Heather and I were relaxing and watching Netflix .	We decided to order pizza for dinner .	We were excited when the pizza got here only to find it was destroyed .	We had to give them the old ruined pizza before getting a new one .
1	He was not sure what product he would use .	Weston had to film a commercial for film class .	Then , he spotted a vending machine .	Inside , there were bags of Skittles .	Weston decided that he would make his commercial about the candy .
1	On her birthday her mom took her .	Camryn was very excited to get her ears pierced .	It really hurt .	She picked out some really pretty earrings .	She felt a lot better .
3	Instead , we had a pile of hashbrowns .	My friend and I decided to make latkes .	We shredded the potato and onion .	We tried hard , but the latkes would not stick together .	We still ate them because they still tasted fine .
4	James made his own crane and brought it home for his mom .	James was in fifth grade .	One day , he saw a girl doing some interesting origami .	He asked her how to do it .	The girl showed him how to make a crane .
0	Amy was 19 and she needed a job .	She applied at places near her house and heard nothing back .	She went further out into the suburbs and applied .	Finally she heard back from a grocery store in the suburbs .	It was further than she liked , but Amy was happy to have a job .
0	Adam tripped and fell into a stagnant ditch .	He said it was really yucky !	He ran home and jumped in the shower .	All the ditch dirt washed down the shower drain .	Adam dried off and was clean and nice smelling .
4	Perry carried the shame with him his whole life .	Perry was made fun of alot at school .	They called him names because of his weight .	Perry decided he would lose weight .	Perry lost weight yet people still made fun of him .
0	Amy failed Algebra in the 9th grade .	In her senior year she discovered she would need to repeat the class .	Amy worked harder in the class than previously .	The teacher approached Amy and told her she was receiving a D .	Amy laughed , happy to receive a passing grade even if it was n't good .
4	Hannah realized on Christmas morning that she should 've asked for it .	Hannah was hoping her boyfriend would buy her a ring for Christmas .	She had hinted about it to him .	She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him .	She did n't ask him though .
3	Charlie accidentally dripped water on his shirt and she laughed .	Charlie was excited for his date with Samantha .	His wore his nicest shirt and his favorite cologne .	He met Samantha at the restaurant .	Samantha thought he was funny and agreed to a second date !
1	She was running late for work on Monday .	Samantha is not a morning person .	She had no coffee and low blood sugar .	Once she got to work she was mean to everyone .	She was almost fired over it .
0	I went outside for a walk .	I walked down to the local park .	I noticed a large stream and followed it .	It led me deep into the woods .	Eventually , I found a large pond in the woods .
1	She did so every week .	A woman spent all her pay on lottery scratch-offs .	Every week , she 'd win some money .	But it was rarely as much as she spent .	Hope can be dangerously addictive .
0	Beth 's roommate kept using her soap in the shower .	She was getting annoyed because she thought that was gross .	Beth wrote her roommate a note asking that she buys her own .	The next day Beth noticed that she did buy her own .	Beth wrote another note saying thank you to her roommate .
4	He got on the boat with the students and the took him to the party .	James heard about a party on the pier .	But no one told him the party was on a boat .	At the pier , he saw college students getting on a small boat .	He asked them where is the party ?
4	His girlfriend is so angry that she dumps him .	Jim is thrilled when he gets an amazing job offer .	But he is in a bind when they tell him they need him to start today .	It 's his girlfriend 's birthday and he had a party planned for her .	He takes the job anyway .
2	It would n't heat up .	Sam tried to take a shower .	The water was cold .	He checked the water heater .	It was broken and needed to be replaced .
1	I told him to stop however , he continued to move .	Henry could n't stop jumping on his bed .	As soon as his head touched the fan , he got smacked in the head .	When I tried to see if he was okay , he could n't stop crying .	My mom tried to disinfect the bruise on his head .
2	He felt humiliated but was determined to make an impression .	Mark was n't excited to be in the school play .	He was playing the back end of the cow in Jack and the Beanstalk .	He swaggered on stage swinging his hips with gusto .	Everyone laughed and Mark got rave reviews in the school paper .
2	They made up a new game called street ball .	Greg was at home bored .	His friends asked if he could play .	They played it all afternoon .	Greg was happy he was n't bored anymore .
0	Margo was going to the Rocky Horror Picture Show .	During the show , there were games .	There was also a dance .	After it was over , the audience played more games .	Eventually , the show was over .
0	Gina 's phone was gone for 2 days .	Now she had it back and all was right with the world .	As she walked home from class she checked her missed texts .	Her mother wanted her to get milk .	Gina happily stopped at the store to buy the milk .
0	Tori was afraid to get her ears pierced , but she wanted to look cool .	She went to the piercing parlor with her friend .	Her friend held her hand while they pierced her ears .	Tori was surprised to find it barely hurt at all !	Now she shows off her pierced ears with pride .
4	Neil found Sicily very educational .	Neil was visiting a museum in Sicily .	He learned all about Sicily 's Mob history .	He found out a lot of facts about the mafia .	There was so much information to learn !
2	His latest project asked him to build a box .	Bob was taking a woodworking class .	Bob had done bad on all of his projects .	Bob thought he would make a bad box .	Bob ended up making the best box in class !
3	He had to work overtime tonight .	Sam just got back from work .	He was really tired from such a busy day .	He was about to watch TV when his boss called him .	Sam was unable to unwind down from work like he had planned .
3	But Amy did n't care .	Amy and her friend Kim were supposed to become vegetarians .	But after eating bacon , Amy no longer cared to stop eating meat .	Her friend Kim was furious .	She decided she would rather lose a friend , than lose bacon .
4	At least it was an honest reaction .	I never thought I would win the award .	I know it sounds like a cliche .	I really did n't write a speech .	That 's why I sounded like an idiot on stage .
1	He called into work and then went to the doctor .	Jo woke up feeling very sick and tired .	The doctor gave him some medicine and sent him home .	Jo took his medicine and rested for a few days .	Jo woke up a few day later and felt better .
4	Fred used it and designed the website .	Fred wanted to design a new website .	He did n't know what to do for it though .	He asked his friend , jordan for help .	Jordan gave him some advice .
4	She was happy that I did and it was worth it , though .	My girlfriend loves musicals .	She dragged me to one last week	It was over two hours long .	I could barely make it through .
1	He baked a cake on his first try .	Dan was able to anything he tried .	He even got straight A 's on his first report card .	One day he failed at playing chess .	He kept practicing until he was good at that too .
0	Three models walked down the runway .	One of them slipped and fell .	The other two laughed rudely .	The one who fell was sad .	After the show she sat crying by herself .
2	It 's sitting in the dumpster at the fire station .	Tonight I parted with my ARCNet active hub .	It was a sturdy heavy duty piece of equipment .	It broke my heart to get rid of it .	I threw it away because no one uses that technology any more .
1	He noticed a few gnats flying around .	Sean was in his kitchen .	When he looked closer , he realized that they were everywhere .	He called an exterminator .	The next day , a man came out and got rid of the bugs .
1	Tim and Leslie went to the beach .	Tim went on a date .	it was raining and rather cold out .	Tim brought a hot toddy to warm them up .	Leslie loved the date .
4	Ray never left the kitchen the next time he cooked oatmeal .	Ray was cooking oatmeal .	And he decided to leave his kitchen for a while .	He came back 5 minutes later .	But it overflowed onto the stove .
1	She was shaking as she walked upon the stage .	Tina was nervous for her piano recital .	She looked at the audience .	When she started to play it was beautiful .	The audience loved it .
4	Now , And loves reptiles and even owns a snake and pet lizard .	As a child , And always hated reptiles .	The scales and the way their eyes looked mad And scared .	One day , And visited a reptile expo .	There , Ai n't got ta hold many cool looking reptiles .
3	One German Shepherd struck us as particularly lively and friendly .	My husband and I were sad that our dog had died .	We decided to get a new dog .	The two of us visited the animal shelter and looked around .	We felt happier after we adopted the dog and gave him a good home .
0	Two friends were talking to each other on the phone .	One friend fumbled a word as he tried to pronounce it .	The other friend interrupted him and made fun of his mistake .	The first friend became embarrassed and said he had to go .	He hung up the phone and pouted .
4	I only stayed up for about 30 seconds , but it was fun !	I love going to concerts and have always wanted to crowd surf .	Two years ago my boyfriend and I attended and EDM concert .	He tried to push me up to surf three times .	He was finally successful and I crowd surfed !
3	The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey !	Bart 's family had not been together for Thanksgiving for 3 years .	Bart decided to call up the family and invite them to his house .	Everyone showed up on Thanksgiving day !	From then on , Bart made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition .
3	While John was in the dungeon he hummed a beautiful tune .	Tim 's friends were playing .	Tim did n't want John to play .	So he told John to stay in the imaginary dungeon .	He sang so good that Tim decided to play with him .
1	I put a towel under where it was leaking to absorb the water .	My girlfriend 's jeep was leaking water from her inside light .	I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car .	Then I took off the cover to the lights to clean off the inside .	After wiping everything down , I put the cover back on .
4	So far , it has been a very fulfilling experience .	Last Friday , I received an email from my local humane society .	The coordinator wanted to know if I wanted to foster some dogs .	I knew I had the space and time , so I agreed to foster them .	The next day , I picked up a Chihuahua mix and her two puppies .
0	Deacon loved trains as a child .	He collected as many as he could .	His parents ' entire basement was given over to giant train sets .	All Deacon wanted in life was more trains .	He became a train conductor when he grew up .
1	She told the class how much she loved her pretty doll .	Amy could n't wait to bring her doll to show and tell .	She watched as the doll was passed around the room .	Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll .	When she got home , Amy stuck the doll in the closet .
3	Mom and dad planted rose bushes .	The Smith family went to the garden to plant flowers .	They used shovels and tilled the ground .	The kids planted marigolds .	Afterwards they all drank lemonade .
2	I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles .	I took my girlfriend to the carnival last night .	To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal .	I was n't able to get a single one .	After I decided to just buy her one instead .
2	She was excited to play in the waves .	Brooke went to the beach last week .	It was her first time ever !	She stayed there for over five hours !	Brooke can not wait to return .
0	Jill had a really short temper .	She was feeling frustrated at work today .	Jill screamed at her boss for complaining about her work .	Jill was warned that she would be fired if she acted up again .	Jill was able to get help through anger management classes .
2	But what she thought was a real diamond turned out to be fake .	Kara found a ring on the ground .	She took it to a jeweler to sell it .	The jeweler only offered her ten dollars for it .	Kara was disappointed .
2	But with a pop and skid , the wagon went off the road .	Bob and his family were driving on the road .	To grandma 's house they went .	Bob had to change a flat tire with the help of his son .	They had to cancel the trip to grandma 's .
4	Jose ended as one of best players in the league .	Jose grew up in a house where soccer was king .	Tryouts for his school 's team were in one month .	Jose practiced his soccer skills day in and day out .	On the day of tryouts his hours of practice paid off !
3	Chase was very scared .	Chase had a loose tooth .	He thought he was going to die .	His parents helped pull out his tooth .	When his tooth came out he was relieved .
3	It found a giant piece of styrofoam .	The boat was traveling for a long time .	It was out at sea on a mission .	The mission was to pick up trash .	The boat picked it up and helped keep the ocean clean .
4	Jon went to prison for three years .	Jon decided to steal a police car .	He stole a 1997 Ford police cruiser .	Unfortunately , there was a GPS tracking device in the car .	The police promptly found Jon and arrested him .
1	His friends tease him for always walking or riding the bus .	Javier has always been afraid of riding the subway in New York City .	Finally Javier decides to face his fear of riding the subway .	He rides the F train from Queens to Manhattan .	Javier is very proud he has faced his fear of riding the subway .
4	Now he has good grades because he is at school more often .	Blaine missed a lot of school .	His mom was worried about getting in trouble .	She worked hard to make his attendance better .	Slowly things improved .
0	Marge had to go to the doctor .	Lately she had been feeling very sick .	She made an appointment .	The doctor told her she had anemia .	She started taking iron supplements and felt much better .
2	Her first pet was a toy dog named Ziggy , who fit in her purse .	Lina lived by herself .	She wanted to help her community , so she started dog sitting .	She had eight hours with Ziggy , and became so attached .	She decided to keep Ziggy , and never gave him back !
1	He looked for a solution .	Rob was becoming too anxious to handle daily tasks .	And he found herbal medicine online .	The medicine made him feel much better .	But he learned it only contained water and powder .
1	He took it to the beach one day .	Ted bought a metal detector .	When he started using it , he heard a beep .	He began to dig all day .	At the end of the day , he just found an anchor .
1	She heard the ice cream truck come down the road .	Briana was at the park with her sister .	Quickly , she began digging through her mom 's purse .	Luckily , she managed to find several quarters .	She used the coins to buy ice cream .
3	Amy became nauseous and dizzy .	Amy and Charles were going on a cruise for their anniversary .	They booked and packed for a trip to the Caribbean .	This was to be Amy 's first time out to sea .	Till this moment Amy never realized how terrible sea sickness was .
2	Everyone jumped on Charlie .	Charlie challenged his friends .	He would pay anyone who could take a coin from his hand .	Nobody was able to get the coin from him .	Charlie laughed and the boys went to get ice cream .
3	Jane 's parents insisted that she spend her time with a better man .	Bill worried that he was not stylish enough for Jane .	Bill decided to buy a leather jacket and some jeans to look cooler .	Jane 's parents thought the new Bill looked too dangerous for her .	Bill changed his look back , and started dating Jane .
2	I got in my car and drove to the event .	I was feeling bored on a weekend .	I looked at the news and saw there was a festival .	I got out and walked around the festival .	I bought a few cool treats and items .
4	Nancy could n't hold the secret and confessed it to everyone .	Nancy caught Chris copying the answers for tomorrow 's exam .	She told him that what he was doing is wrong .	He told her that if she told anyone , something bad would happen .	The next day , the teacher announced Chris 's test that he aced .
4	He fell in love with briefs .	Sean liked boxers .	He had never tried briefs .	One day , his girlfriend bought him briefs as a present .	Sean was disappointed but decided to try them .
2	One day Tim made the winning basket .	Tim played basketball on his highschool team .	He had a crush on the cheerleader Kimberly .	Kimberly planted a kiss on his cheek .	Tim got a bloody nose and ran off in embarrassment .
3	The barista told her she 'd just missed Chris Adler !	Mary drove past a concert featuring Megadeth .	She was n't at all a fan of heavy metal .	She went to a nice quiet coffee shop , instead .	Mary did n't know that was Megadeth 's guitarist .
1	Jim entered the break room to get his lunch and left .	Sandy was having a conversation in the break room .	Sandy continued talking to her boyfriend on the phone .	As Sandy was leaving , Sandy saw Jim right by the door .	Sandy realized that Jim was eavesdropping on her conversation .
3	After that , we edited the footage .	My friends and I were filming a skit .	We wrote the ideas and were preparing a set .	We acted out the scenes and filmed them .	When we were done , the skit looked great .
1	But the teacher awarded second place and then third and fourth .	Ben had entered a poetry contest and hoped he won .	She did n't call Ben , so he sadly thought he 'd lost .	Then she announced first place , and she named him .	She had been saving the best for last !
1	He packed up all of his belongings .	David was moving to another city .	The movers loaded the truck with the boxes and furniture .	The moving truck would n't start .	They had to move all of the items to another truck .
4	She had to walk home from a different stop .	Kelly was riding the bus home from school .	She was so tired that she began to drift to sleep .	Suddenly , she was shaken awake .	She learned she had slept through her bus stop .
1	It was called Ask Mac .	Mac started writing an editorial in the school paper .	Students wrote in to ask him things .	Then he offered salient , helpful advice .	Mac loved writing Ask Mac !
4	What was always inside her , was just a savage beast .	Mona was truly a selfish girl .	She was ungrateful to say the least .	Until she once met a man who used her .	Mona finally found out one hurtful thing .
2	They thought they could survive it as well .	The Smiths had been through two storms .	The one that hit last week was supposed to be bigger .	Unfortunately they were wrong .	All of them died tragically .
0	It was Amy 's first day of junior high .	She walked into the school and stared at her schedule .	She consulted the map to find her class .	On the way no one paid any attention to her .	She was relieved since that meant she was fitting in .
1	He took several minutes to write everything out .	Tommy promised me that he was going to draw a good sketch of me .	When he was done with the outline , he showed it to me .	It ended up being my face on top of a banana .	I ripped the page and threw it away .
0	Ann bought a mini pine tree at the store .	She took it home and cared for it .	Soon she planted it in her yard .	Every year it grew a little taller .	By the time Ann 's kids were born , it was three feet tall !
0	Polly decided that she wanted to learn French .	She began taking lessons online .	For a long time , she was having a hard time picking anything up .	Then , she read about a cool method .	She gave it a try and it really helped her to learn fast .
1	She was doing great .	Stacy was taking a spelling test .	However , her pen ran out of ink .	She did n't know what to do .	She remembered the spare in her bag and finished the test .
4	He bought it with his hard earned money and gave it to his friend .	Daniel had just started his first job .	He got the job to save up for a video game .	He worked for hours to save up for this awesome game .	After hours and hours he finally saved up enough to buy the game .
0	Bob loved to run through the park .	Yesterday while he was running he twisted his ankle .	The pain caused him to fall down onto the very hard concrete .	Bob 's friend Paul stopped to make sure he was all right .	Paul helped Bob back up onto his feet again .
2	They went to the park and invited friends and family .	Samson had his 13th birthday this last weekend .	His family had a small party for him .	The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake .	Luckily Samson did n't care and thought it was delicious .
1	She had it for Years and loved it .	Ella got a tattoo on her stomach .	Then she got pregnant .	Her stretch marks distorted the tattoo .	Soon she had to get it touched up professionally .
1	The text said `` help ''	Fred 's mom got a text .	Fred 's mom got very scared for her son .	She frantically started texting and calling him .	It turned out to be a prank .
3	They went around the corner and had a delightful lunch .	Jacob woke up this morning terribly hungry .	It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch .	He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends .	Jacob left with a full belly and a full heart .
3	He wrote down the names of the bands to remember them .	Bob went downtown to see the concert in his town .	It was called Summerfest and plenty of new bands were playing .	Bob loved all the great new music !	Bob was so glad he had gone to Summerfest !
0	Anna decided to dig for buried treasure on the beach .	She took her metal detector and set out along the shore .	When it beeped , she halted and began to dig .	She found a metal object buried deep in the sand .	Brushing it off , Anna saw that it was a valuable diamond ring !
2	It was very sweet that he always wanted to hug us .	We went on vacation and my nephew had issues with personal space .	We tried to talk to him about giving people some air .	But sometimes it was a bit too much .	We finally had a good talk and he cut down on the hugging .
4	Ike ended up coming in third place in the contest !	Ike loved eating hot dogs , and he had a big appetite .	He decided to enter a hot dog eating contest .	In front of the whole town , he ate hot dog after hot dog .	But then he was too full to continue .
1	Sturdy and strong , it went for a walk .	A goat lived in the woods .	The goat travelled for many miles finding a beautiful prairie .	It decided to make the prarie its new home .	The goat lived out the rest of its life at the new prarie .
3	Angela turned red and said she was n't pregnant .	Angela had gained some weight in her belly .	She started going to more exercise classes to shape up .	In class , someone excitedly asked her when the baby was due .	The woman gasped , and apologized for her mistake .
3	I was really scared .	We had a tornado come through our town today .	We had to take cover in the basement .	The sirens went off and they were loud .	I had never experienced a tornado before .
2	They covered the eggs in ketchup to make them red .	My kids wanted to surprise my wife on Valentine 's Day .	They made her breakfast in bed .	They squirted ketchup on the toast , too .	My wife was surprised but could n't eat as she is allergic to tomatoes .
4	Tim 's dog does n't chase the bird anymore .	Tim 's dog like to chase things .	Including a pet bird Tim had .	One day the bird started to fight back .	It started to peck and poke at the dog when it came near .
4	Hannah decided she loved her new job .	Today was the day Hannah began her new job .	She was very nervous .	On her first day , everyone was friendly .	She liked her new coworkers .
3	She observed Eli and found he did have a speech problem .	Eli was having some issues with certain sounds .	His teacher contacted his parents to let them know .	The school go to the speech pathologist involved .	She worked to get speech services in place .
2	His second Choice is Brown .	Marty must choose between two schools .	His first choice is Harvard .	Marty received his letters in the mail .	He was elated that he got accepted to both .
4	She was so proud when she managed to do it herself !	Melinda was driving down a bumpy country road .	She hit a bump and got a flat tire !	And she had forgotten her cell phone at home !	She had instructions for how to change her tire .
3	He asked the rescue team if they needed any help .	Traffic on the highway came to a complete standstill .	A man got out of his volvo to investigate .	There was a 10 car pile-up a half mile down the road .	The man spent the rest of the day helping the rescue team .
1	They were worried , but their teacher calmly lined them up at the door .	The students heard the fire alarm .	They were led into a field .	The students learned that the fire alarms was just a drill exercise .	The students were relieved as they returned to class .
3	I took a ski class the first day .	I had never gone skiing before .	My friend invited me on his family 's ski trip .	I was nervous and inexperienced .	Then I had a great time skiing with friends .
3	She started seeing a life coach .	Delanie was over weight .	It made her very unhappy .	She decided to make some life changes .	It made a world of difference !
4	In the end , they won the world championship !	The Golden State Warriors were a basketball team that always lost .	Year after year they would lose until the 2015 season .	They acquired many great players for this season who would perform .	After a while , it looked like the warriors would be the best team .
0	My wife has the Starbucks app .	Starbucks said she could get a free drink on her birthday .	She went to a Starbucks in the supermarket and they refused her .	She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free .	I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her .
1	He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill .	Joe tripped carrying a carton of milk .	When he turned around , his two cats were lapping it up .	He gave them a minute .	They seemed grumpy when he wiped up the spill .
1	He decided to look for a gift to relieve some tension between them .	Dan tried to avoid Jane for a week since she was aggravated at him .	Around night time , Jane saw Dan in front of her house .	He told her to look outside .	She noticed a car wrapped with a large bow tie .
3	I walked to the grocery store .	I needed vegetables for a recipe .	I wrote down the names of the vegetables .	I put on my clothes and shoes .	I purchased the vegetables that I needed .
2	On his farewell tour , he breaks his knee in a game .	Lamay was a basketball legend , one that would surely be remembered .	One year , in his 30s , he decided it was time to call it quits .	The injury caused permanent ligamental damage to Lamay .	Lamay laments his luck but remains hopeful .
4	Brian organized his own , more swinging jazz event .	Brian wanted to attend a jazz performance .	He found the hippest club in town .	He gathered some friends and attended it .	The crowd was too mellow for Brian 's enthusiasm .
2	Edward bought the ingredients at the grocery store .	Edward wanted to make a lasagna .	He made a list of the ingredients he would need .	At home , Edward followed the recipe to make lasagna .	Edward enjoyed the lasagna dinner that he had cooked himself .
4	It was even better than the lunch he left at home .	Gus forgot to take his lunch to school .	He was very hungry but he did n't have any money .	Each of his friends gave him something from their lunch .	He got half a sandwich , some grapes , some chips and a fruit snack .
1	He pulled out a shopping list he made to check what to get .	Ray went to the hardware store to buy some supplies .	Ray started at the top and worked his way down .	He was able to find everything on the list .	Once he had it all , Ray crumpled up the paper and toss it aside .
3	Each morning she would set her alarm just five small minutes earlier .	Helen always overslept in the mornings before school .	She would try to wake at six but sleep until eight every day !	Then she had an idea .	In a month , she was getting up at six effortlessly !
0	Cynthia used to be a deeply religious person .	She went to church daily .	After a series of bad events Cynthia started to question religion .	She was shunned by people she trusted for asking questions .	Ultimately she decided to let it all go to focus on her own happiness .
4	Page regretted ever taking that loan .	Paige took out a loan for a new house .	The next day , Paige lost her job .	That month , Paige was unable to afford her loan payment .	Her house was foreclosed and Paige had to move back into her parents .
0	Fred really loved that frog by the pond .	He saw him everyday .	One day he decided to take him home as a pet .	Fred took him home but his parents made him put it back .	Fred was disappointed .
1	The driver behind me was n't paying attention and hit me .	As I was merging onto the highway I slowed down .	Nick 's soda splashed on the ceiling of the car .	I was preoccupied yelling at the other driver .	Eight Years later my car is in great condition except for a soda stain
1	I decided to hit her .	I was arguing with my sister .	My sister began crying .	My mother ran into the kitchen and demanded to know what happened .	I confessed and she grounded me for a month .
4	Dan was mauled to death by the disturbed creature .	It was a dark and stormy night .	Dan shivered and shone his flashlight all around him .	There , in the bushes , was the bear !	It growled and charged at Dan .
1	He is started to feel very cooped up in his apartment .	Randall has been applying for jobs from home for months .	Randall decides to visit his local library and apply for jobs there .	He finds that being at the library is much better than being at home .	Randall is happy that he got away from his home for the day .
0	Donald got a delicious cake for his birthday .	He had a slice and wanted more .	Donald kept eating until he ate the whole thing .	Afterwards , Donald 's stomach was very upset .	Donald threw up in the restroom due to overeating .
3	The other runner ran past him and won the race .	Two runners were in a tight competition on a mile race .	In the last 100 meters they were shoulder to shoulder .	One runner tripped and fell on his face .	The runner who tripped congratulated the winner .
1	Yet Kelly had been sick .	Kelly 's project was due today .	She really needed an extension .	She asked her teacher for an extension .	Luckily her teacher said yes .
0	Every day I go to school .	I wait for the bus in front of my house with my friends .	When it arrives , I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat .	I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school .	10 minutes later , we 're at school !
4	His daughter said she loved camp !	Alan sent his daughter off to summer camp .	He waited all week for a letter from her .	When it arrived , he tore it open eagerly .	He scanned it quickly , then sighed with relief .
1	He found an affordable sedan he wanted .	Jerald wanted to buy his own car .	Jerald bought the sedan .	The next day the sedan would n't start !	Jerald got a mechanic to fix his car .
3	To get her imagination going again , she decided to turn on the radio .	Annie sat at her desk ready to work on her novel .	She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration .	She typed one sentence and had no more ideas .	As soon as a new soon started , she started typing .
1	She spent so much time with her nieces and nephews .	Aunt Becky use to be so calm .	They drove her crazy .	She decided she needed a break .	She ran away to find peace .
0	For Halloween , Jesse and his friends went to a corn maze .	Jesse figured it would be silly and geared toward little kids .	But there were people in horrifying costumes standing among the rows .	Someone jumped out with a chainsaw and Jesse and his friends ran .	They ran fast to the end of the maze , completely out of breath .
4	The painting is still up on our wall .	We live on the edge of a small pond .	One day I saw a person working on a painting of the pond .	i approached her and offered her $ 50 for the painting .	She agreed , and I had it framed .
2	One day my brother and I were climbing a structure .	We lived in Chinatown from 1955 to 1968 .	We played in a run down playground on Tyler Street .	We both fell and hurt ourselves .	We were better in a few weeks .
3	He was having an allergic reaction to nuts .	Cruz was highly allergic to nuts of all kind .	He attended his grandma 's party and had a piece of cake .	Hours later he got really sick and was rushed to the hospital .	The lady who baked the cake unknowingly used nuts for the frosting .
1	His dream was to create a zoo full of his favorite animals .	Zack had loved animals since he was a child .	After working hard for Years to earn money , Zack bought a zoo .	He began slowly building his collection of animals .	Zack 's zoo has become very large and successful !
2	She was so thrilled !	Jai had always wanted to ride a horse .	For her sixteenth birthday , her dad bought her a horseback ride .	She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her .	Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever !
3	She spent all of the money in her bank account .	Sonya was saving money in her bank .	She was saving to pay a credit card debt .	She used the money instead on clothes .	She now has no money .
2	The dealer says that Sam must first pass a credit check .	Sam wants to buy a new car .	He goes to the dealership and picks out a car he likes .	The dealer tells Sam that Sam 's credit is very bad .	Sam was forced to by a bicycle instead .
1	I reached for the radio knob and turned it on .	I was bored of the silence in my car .	My radio was picking up mostly static .	The only station I could pick up was a talk radio station .	The announced told listeners to stay on the smooth tip .
0	Alice loved to hike through the mountains .	One day , she found a glad she had never visited before .	She heard crying from behind one of the large trees .	There was a little girl who had become lost from her family .	Alice helped her find them and the family was very grateful .
3	She reluctantly agreed and gave it away .	Helena finally got the toy she had begged for for weeks .	She brought it to school to show everyone .	A classmate offered to be her friend in exchange for the toy .	Helena was n't very satisfied with the exchange .
1	I feel it takes to much time .	I hate grooming .	As a result , I never brush my hair .	One day , I ended up with a dread that i could n't untangle .	I had to cut my hair off .
3	The second the needle went in , Kathy fainted and hit the floor .	Kathy was incredibly afraid of needles .	Despite this , she volunteered to donate blood at the local drive .	The nurse prepped her arm and told her to relax .	Since then , she has chosen to donate money instead .
1	She decided to dye her hair purple yesterday .	Kelly was nervous to try a new hairstyle .	It was a curious decision .	As she went to school the next day she actually got compliments .	People ended up loving it .
3	Once Beth arrived at the beach , she realized she forgot her sunscreen !	Beth got out of bed , and noticed how nice it was outside .	Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach .	She packed her favorite beach towel , water , and snacks .	Luckily , her friend Jill was there , and let Beth use hers .
2	She decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder .	Sally wanted a new beagle puppy .	She went to the pet store to look for one .	Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked .	Sally bought the puppy and brought it home .
4	Nala was disappointed , but not surprised .	Nala was unprepared for her Spanish test .	She could not think of any of the answers .	She just jotted down random nonsense .	She ended up failing the test .
4	He ate breakfast and felt better .	Rich was a crossfit instructor .	Every morning he liked to do 200 burpees .	Around the 35th burpee , Rich started feeling dizzy .	He realized that he had n't eaten before he started .
4	Luckily , all of the ladies enjoyed it with frosting and ice cream .	Lily was trying to make a cake for her sister 's baby shower .	She worked really hard on the recipe .	Still , the cake came out weird .	It was very dry and crumbly .
0	Stan worked in a diner in the kitchen .	He prepped all the food in the diner .	He often would eat the food while he prepped it .	One day the manager caught him eating the food .	The manager fired Stan .
0	Jill was having a great night	She had seen a movie and was now at dinner	She had a nice meal with her friends	It comes time to pay the bill	Jill reaches for her money and it 's gone !
2	But Jane has a funny feeling and looks him up on google .	Jim moves into the same apartment complex as Jane .	Both her roommates think he 's hot .	It turns out that he is one of London 's most wanted criminals .	Jane calls the police and reports him .
1	He was n't used to classical music and was not expecting to like it .	Bob had heard good things about Mozart 's 39th symphony .	But he was surprised that he was already familiar with the first part .	It was a tune he had remembered loving as a child .	After that , he warmed up to classical music .
4	It was gratifying to know that people enjoyed her stories .	Alana had written a best-selling fantasy novel .	She decided to write a sequel to the book .	When it was published , the sequel sold even more than the first .	Alana was truly ecstatic about the success of her writing .
2	Kelly was scared .	Kelly was nervous to introduce her boyfriend to her parents .	When they rang the doorbell her parents looked at him quizzically .	Yet thankfully by the time they ate , they liked him .	Kelly was thankful her parents did n't hate him .
2	Sometimes they would die , but most of the time he could heal them .	A long time ago a doctor named Alan was drafted by the army .	Alan was so good they put him in charge of healing the soldier 's .	The recovered patients were sent back out to kill and die .	This made something in Allen die and he was never the same again .
3	Sneaking into the back door , she saw that no one was there .	Lindsay was getting ready to buy her new pet parrot .	When she got to the shop and found that they were closed .	She walked around the plaza and noticed the back door was open .	Lindsay decided to call the police and not steal a parrot .
2	All 3 dogs grab a section of the bone at the same time .	3 dogs were sitting idle .	A bone is placed between them .	Tug-a-war commences .	The poodle wins .
1	The basket of Halloween treats on the counter was too tempting .	Timmy knew he was n't supposed to eat candy before breakfast .	He hid the empty wrappers under the other kitchen trash .	He insisted to his mom that he had n't eaten any candy .	She silenced his protests by pointing at his chocolate thumb print .
1	Rory decided that she wanted to find out who her birth parents were .	Rory found out she was adopted .	Rory talked to the adoption agency and got their phone number .	Rory called her birth mom on the telephone and asked to meet .	Rory and her birth parents met for lunch .
3	Deb enrolled in her first tournament ever after two months .	Deb was a newbie chess player .	She loved the game and desired to win a tournament .	She began to spend all her free time studying the game .	She walked away with the second place trophy .
4	Since they could n't decide they decide to wait to build it .	They were trying to determine where to put the new stadium .	Some people wanted it downtown .	Others wanted it by the old one .	Others wanted it in another city .
1	She checked the library to see if there were copies available of one .	Leslie wanted to save money on textbooks .	Unfortunately there were n't any .	Leslie was mad .	She decided to photocopy all the pages from her friend 's textbook .
3	He began to pour salt on his food and dumped out the whole thing .	Bill always loosened the cap on the salt shaker in restaurants .	Bill would wait and watch the victims of his pranks , laughing .	One day I decided to loosen the cap on the salt shaker Bill was using .	I laughed and told Bill that he really had it coming .
4	Sue was proud of her creation .	It was a rainy day outside .	Sue decided to keep herself busy despite the gloomy weather .	She decided to start on a jigsaw puzzle .	After 6 hours she completed the jigsaw puzzle .
2	He decided to drink red bull .	Joe had a lot of work to finish .	He knew he would have pull an all-nighter .	He then began to feel jittery .	Joe could n't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness .
3	He eats it between classes at school .	Tyler is starting school at a nearby university today .	He decides that he should pack a lunch for his first day .	Tyler makes himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .	He is happy that he had something to get him through the first day .
2	He asked for my license .	The cop pulled me over .	I asked him to please not give me a ticket .	He came back with my license .	Luckily he just gave me a warning this time .
1	One afternoon his mother took him on a bus ride .	As a little boy , Charles loved riding buses .	Charles shook with the vibration of the bus and laughed .	A guy flirted with his mother .	But Charles did n't care , he was having the ride of his life .
1	He wanted to be different , so he ordered one with pineapple .	Joe decided to order a pizza .	Joe enjoyed the taste , but his friends did n't .	His friends promised that he would never get to order for them again .	Joe was sad , and ate all of his troubles away .
3	He turned the cans in for cash .	Billy wanted to buy a brand new video game .	He did n't have enough money to buy it , though .	He spent the next month collecting cans .	He went out and bought the game .
4	Luckily , it worked and he won .	Julian was playing a crane game while his friend 's watched .	They had bet he could n't win a toy .	Julian was on his second out of three tries and had n't won a toy .	He decided to try a new tactic .
3	Finally Tyler asks her to the prom	Jen is worried that no one will ask her to the prom .	She asks her friends if they no anyone without a date .	As the prom draws nearer she starts to lose hope .	Jen is so relieved to have a prom date .
3	However , he struggled to lift them after a few seconds .	Gary saw his crush at the gym .	In an attempt to impress her , he picked up several weights .	He tried to pretend that lifting the weights up were easy .	The girl saw him collapsed on the floor .
0	Gina 's wanted to leave Illinois and go back to Minnesota .	She was waiting for her parents to tell her they were leaving .	Her father and mother had been at a party all day .	At 11 PM they were both still drinking .	Gina knew they would n't be going home the next day .
4	Hector deeply regrets that he had stopped writing for so long .	Year 's have passed since Hector last tried to write a novel .	He once considered himself a great writer , but he lost his drive .	One day , after a trip to South Africa , Hector decides to write again !	When he finishes the novel , he knows it is his best writing yet .
1	While it was at sea , the market for rare earths collapsed .	A container ship left China with a cargo of rare earth metals .	The buyer invoked the fine print on the futures contract .	He declined to accept the shipment .	In the end , the ship and cargo were scuttled for the insurance money .
1	I read and studied all the course materials they gave to me .	Tired of being overweight I enrolled in a weight loss program .	I enrolled in several exercise classes while in the program .	The weight loss program helped me change my eating habits .	I love how I look now that I have lost forty pounds .
4	At the end of the game Sam celebrated their victory .	Sam decided she wanted to play soccer .	Hey mom took her and signed up for a soccer team .	Sam went to practice every day and worked very hard .	Sam never missed a game and her team made it to the championship .
0	Ann was competing in the Math League contest .	She did very well and won first prize !	She was hoping to be awarded a large trophy .	But instead , they handed her a simple certificate .	Ann was disappointed with her prize .
4	His parents do n't know how to stop him .	Little Timmy is too young for action movies .	But he loves watching them anyway .	He sometimes sneaks into the theater .	Or rents a movie from redbox .
2	He noticed his brother was distracted .	Jackson was at the lake with his family .	He was having a water balloon fight with his little brother .	Then , he threw the balloon right at his face .	His brother began to cry , and Jackson got into trouble .
3	She bought some roses .	Fanny wanted to decorate her garden .	She decided to buy some plants .	She went to the garden center .	Now , her garden looked beautiful .
2	He cheats on vanessa .	Vanessa and fred are married .	Fred has been tired of the marriage .	Vanessa founds out .	They divorce .
0	Laura is a kindergarten teacher in charge of ten kids .	One school day during roll call she only counted 9 children .	She quickly identified that Timmy was the one missing .	Laura searched the playground knowing she had seen Timmy that morning .	There was Timmy in the sandbox playing with a stray cat he had found !
3	I got to the top floor and peered outside the window .	My sister lived at the top of a highrise apartment .	I had never been in a highrise .	I decided to visit her .	I realized I was afraid of such massive heights and I fainted .
2	She was relieved when it was finally winter break .	Nina went off to college across the country .	It was n't as easy as she thought it would be .	Nina had a secret .	She had dropped out .
0	Noah had been saving for a car for two Year 's .	Yesterday , on his birthday , his parents bought him a car .	He was so excited he did n't know what to say !	He got tears in his eyes and kept thanking them over and over .	Then he took his parents and little sisters for a ride around town .
0	My sister in law 's husband is renovating their daughter 's room .	He bought wallpaper fifteen years ago .	He just put it up now .	He miscalculated and ran out of paper .	The design is no longer available .
1	She searched everywhere for it .	Whitney could not find her phone .	The worst thing was it was on silent .	She asked friends to call it hoping she could see the screen light up .	She finally found it on her bed .
4	She was greatly relieved .	Jane studied hard for her test .	She was a bit nervous when she took it .	The teacher took several days to grade it	Jane got a perfect score .
3	She prescribed the dog medication .	Ramona 's dog was not feeling too well .	Ramona decided to take him to the vet .	The vet confirmed the dog was sick .	The dog was ordered to take it for two weeks .
3	He met up with his team and distributed the balls .	Jack stopped at the sports store to buy new golf balls .	He got golf balls in five different colors .	He paid for the balls and drove to the golf course .	The team played , ate lunch , and everyone went home .
3	Brian served his local community after college on the city council .	Brian grew up in poverty .	Due to a special scholarship , Brian was able to attend a good college .	Brian studied political science and philosophy .	Eight years later , Brian became the governor of his state , New York !
3	Or it could mean nothing at all .	I saw a penny lying there on the ground .	Watching it , I contemplated whether I should pick it up .	After all , it could perhaps mean good luck .	In the end I simply turned and walked away .
0	Dinner is a little nuts at our house with three kids .	One does not want to sit at the table likes to eat on the go .	One is bouncing all over her chair .	The other is telling silly stories .	In the end we all get fed and enjoy our time together !
2	It was n't long before I was able to be seen .	I was n't feeling well yesterday .	I called my physician and scheduled an appointment .	Afterwards , I was told I had a cold .	After taking the medicine I feel much better .
3	Kiwi was n't quite sure about Callie at first .	Kiwi the cat was adopted by her family 5 years ago .	She adored her humans more than anything , but needed a furry friend .	Callie the cat was recently adopted .	The two cats are now best friends .
2	After several days , I asked if she has the money .	Sam asked if she can borrow $ 20 dollars from me .	She promised that she will pay my back .	She replied by saying no .	I saw her handing $ 20 to another person that she owed money to .
2	He found a siamese cat that he liked .	Barry decided to get a cat .	He went to the pet store .	Barry played with him for a bit to make sure he liked him .	Barry then bought the cat and took him home .
4	He went immediately and purchased a 4-wheel drive truck .	Greg went to his farm often to check on animals .	After a real heavy rain , the hard ground was now soft mud .	When he tried to drive off the property , he got his truck stuck .	He was not happy that he had to get the tractor to tow out his truck .
3	Eventually , the web came along and allowed for online selling .	Keith was in a small Montana town and loved to sculpt .	He wanted to sell plastic molded copies of his work .	This was n't easy to do locally due to the small population .	Keith 's passion was renewed , and he was able to sustain it afterwards .
2	She recorded all the cheers at the games .	Michelle did n't make the cheerleading squad .	She was determined to do better the following year .	Michelle used the recordings to practice all summer .	She blew everyone away during her next audition in the fall .
0	Ben and his brother made a secret clubhouse .	They needed a way to keep girls out .	They decided to make a password .	They only told it to boys .	Ben and his brother felt safe knowing no girl could enter !
2	Maria left her house very early in order to get there on time .	Maria hated to drive in the snow .	There was a snowstorm coming and Maria had to drive to work .	She drove carefully through the snowy streets .	When she got to her office , it was closed due to snow .
1	A customer came in , demanding free food .	Jay has been working at the restaurant .	Jay told him politely that he can not have free food .	The customer got rowdy so that jay had to call the cops .	The cops escorted the customer out .
4	Greg was relieved that he was going to get to play .	Greg went to the park hoping to play a game of basketball .	He could not find any friends to go with him .	At the park , he saw a group of unfamiliar people playing .	One of the guys playing basketball asked Greg to join the game .
2	When it was lunch time he took out his food .	Ben warmed up his lunch and put it in his insulated lunchbox .	He put in a chocolate bar for his dessert .	The chocolate had melted entirely .	He had to scrape off the chocolate to get to his lunch .
0	Frank is a teacher who is ready for it to be summer .	He has two more weeks until school is over and he 's struggling .	He thinks of creative ways to make time go by faster .	He gives his students a daily project to work on .	Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy .
1	He needed to get his couch through the door .	Tanner was moving into a new home .	It became obvious that it would n't fit right .	With the help of his friends , he was able to flip it .	Then , they were able to squeeze it through the door .
3	But they loved the dress .	Laura could n't afford to buy a dress for the school dance .	She made one out of a pretty floral fabric .	She was afraid the other girls would make fun of her .	She ended up with three orders for dresses .
2	I wished they had n't posted them .	My friends posted pictures of me on social media .	I hated the way I looked in the pictures .	Then I realized that I should n't hate the way I look .	I decided it was okay for my friends to post the pictures of me .
3	We looked at our faces , making funny smiles and toothy grins .	My friend Rupert was carrying a long mirror to his room .	I told him a broken mirror is 7 years bad luck .	He set the mirror down just fine .	The mirror fell forward and broke , giving us both bad luck .
0	The scientist worked diligently on the slab for many years .	They removed each piece of matrix and polished every bit of bone .	The huge slab was beautiful .	Paleontologists had learned much from the fossils it contained .	Now it was time to share it with the world .
0	Amy did n't have time to leave the store she worked at for lunch .	A co-worker told her there was a deli in the store .	At the deli Amy found a LeAnn Chin .	She had no idea there was fast food Chinese food .	Amy loved it so much she ate it the next day as well .
0	On New Year 's Eve Tim was planning out his resolution .	He wanted to hit the gym , lose weight and become healthy again .	Plotting out local gyms , he had come to choose between two .	The only problem was , he needed a gym partner and had none .	Tim could n't find a friend to go with , and decided to just stay fat .
2	Several of the nurses mentioned me .	The Nurses Ball was about to start .	The manager came her greeting and major thanks to every person .	They said that I was an extremely wise and a considerate patient .	I gave them a hug at the end of the day .
0	Henry 's cousin ran to him .	He asked if he can borrow Henry 's phone .	However , Henry turned off his phone .	Although he said that his phone was dead , it was n't .	The cousin ended up walking away .
3	She seduces her boss .	Tina is a beautiful administrative assistant .	She flaunts her beauty in front of her married boss .	He tries to woo her with money and goods .	Her boss and wife get divorced and he marries his assistant .
3	Finally , she decided to just enjoy the gifts that had arrived .	Millie was expecting all of her gifts to arrive by Christmas .	But , when she checked the tracking she saw that they were too far .	She was really disappointed and did n't know what to do .	When the late gifts did arrive , she enjoyed them just as much .
3	However , eventually she finds that she is losing weight .	Rebecca realizes that she has gained weight .	She decides to stop eating carbohydrates .	Rebecca finds her new diet very challenging .	She is very happy that her diet is working .
0	Evan , ten and timid , went to the theme park with his family .	This summer he was finally tall enough to ride the roller coaster !	He was scared but determined .	After the first breathless trip on the coaster , he laughed aloud .	He had found his new favorite activity !
4	It was very sweet to see them do that .	My cat Egypt is a very pretty cat .	She attracts male cats at every apartment we live in .	One male cat comes to our window everyday .	I caught them kissing in the window one day .
4	The kid who threw it had to jump the fence to get it back .	Two kids were playing football in the street .	They tried to see how far they could throw to each other .	One kid threw the ball so hard it went over the other 's head .	The ball bounced over a neighbor 's fence .
1	They sit down to a candlelight dinner .	Jill and Bob have planned their first alone time in years .	When they both notice an awful smell coming from the basement .	When they go to investigate they find that the basement is flooded .	They have to spend all night dealing with a flooded basement .
2	Joy calls him up and he tells her to come over to play .	Joy does n't know how to play chess but has always wanted to learn .	Her grandfather has a chess board and knows how to play .	He teaches Joy to play chess and they play for hours .	Joy got to learn a new game and bond with her grandfather .
1	My eyes quickly scanned the room .	I spied the unopened bag of candy corn .	Sarah was nowhere to be seen .	It was time to act .	Sarah return to find an empty bag of candy corn .
2	She then discovers her water broke .	Jessie and Dana were watching TV until she started feeling different .	Dana went to the bathroom and started feeling pain .	Jessie helps Dana to the car and rush to the hospital .	Later that night , Dana delivers a healthy baby boy .
2	She lay in bed shivering unable to warm up .	Kim was soaked when she arrived home .	She walked home from school in the rain with no umbrella .	She sneezed and shivered the whole night .	The next morning she was still sick , but went to school anyway .
2	Suddenly , everyone discovered they had forgotten food .	Martin went to camp with his friends .	Martin and his friends found a nice camping spot .	Martin was a skilled fisherman .	Martin caught many fish so that everyone could eat .
1	He was very good but the computer was even better .	Donald played chess on his computer .	Donald grew frustrated when he lost his match .	The computer remained silent .	Donald yelled at the computer as if it were a person .
4	She would have dated anyone who talked to her !	Samantha 's sister was very pretty .	Every boy in town was too shy to talk to her .	They all thought she had a boyfriend .	Samantha 's sister never had a boyfriend !
2	Cal quickly grabbed the kitchen trash bag and ran outside .	Cal heard the engine rumbling outside .	He suddenly remembered today was trash day !	He chased after the garbage truck in his boxers , waving the bag !	The garbage truck stopped and Cal gave them his trash .
3	Addison got to shore safe but she was scared .	Addison likes ferryboats .	She takes one to work every day .	Yesterday , a ferryboat caught on fire .	Addison has decided to take her car to work instead .
0	Megan never finished school and had a lot of trouble reading .	While browsing clothes at a store , she struggled to read a sign .	A school teacher passed by and noticed she was struggling .	Megan explained that she could n't read , so the teacher wanted to help .	The teacher helped Megan learn to read and they became good friends .
4	When Jose got home , he took a nap .	Jose wanted to swim , so he went to the pool .	He had lots of fun at the pool .	He spent lots of time swimming and playing in the water .	Afterwards he was very tired so he went home .
0	Maxine has always dreamed of being on her school 's volleyball team .	Her friends and family tell her that volleyball is not ladylike .	However , she persists in following her dream .	Maxine practices every day and becomes to volleyball team captain .	She is so happy that her dream of playing volleyball has come true .
2	After that warning , we tried to not have any more parties .	I was in a fraternity on campus that threw a lot of loud parties .	We were warned that if we did n't quiet down , we would get kicked off .	However one night , a small gathering turned into a house full of 100 !	Campus police broke up the part , and we were kicked off campus .
3	His boss told him no .	Stew loves libertarian candidates .	His favorite is coming to his town to give a speech .	He saved up money and asked for the day off .	He accepted it since he 's a libertarian .
1	One day Linda asked Jay for a pencil .	Jay was always shy around Linda .	Jay got so nervous he unconsciously spit in her face .	Linda got very angry .	Linda never spoke to Jay again .
0	My friend Bobby called to invite me out to dinner .	We settled on a date , time , and place .	When I got there , Bobby surprised me .	It was a party with many of our friends for my upcoming birthday .	I never suspected a thing , but it was a great evening .
3	Sally often did most of the work in team projects .	Sally was a hard working employee , but she felt unappreciated .	She spent a lot of time at work taking on additional responsibilities .	Her boss told her team that they had done well , but no direct feedback	At the next staff meeting , Sally 's boss gave her a special award .
1	Billy and his father had never seen eye to eye .	The family gathered for the holiday .	His old man does n't think he 's lived up to his potential .	And Billy thinks his dad 's a stick in the mud .	They managed to forget their differences as they eat turkey .
2	He gained 30 pounds .	Will 's girlfriend dumped him .	He sat on the couch for months afterwards .	He wanted to lose the weight .	He worked out everyday for an hour .
3	And the goose made loud honking noises .	Sarah wanted to get a guard animal .	So she decided to buy a goose .	One day , there was an intruder in her backyard .	It was enough to wake up Sarah in time .
4	Lester was angry that his favorite movie theater closed down .	Lester enjoyed watching movies at the theater .	He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases .	He went to his usual movie theater yesterday .	He saw that the doors were closed and the lights were off .
2	He wrote a research paper on the origins of black slavery in America .	Frederick Thompson , a white kid , knew blacks used to be in slavery .	But in 9th grade he learned how horrible slavery was for blacks .	He was so awestruck by what he read , he wanted to help .	Frederick started the History of Slavery in America Club on his campus .
2	Bjorn and his crew were in search of a new land .	Bjorn was a Viking .	He sailed the sea with his crew .	One day land was spotted on the horizon .	The crew of Vikings made landfall in England .
3	Susan fell off of her horse and cut her head .	Susan loves to ride her horse on the nearby trails .	On her most recent ride , Susan forgot her helmet .	Susan 's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path .	Susan needed stitches to close the cut on her head .
3	Kelly could n't believe it .	Kelly had a drawing with her work last week about winning an iPad .	She never thought she would win but she tried anyway .	The next day she found out she won .	Her wishes came true .
3	She placed large bowls outside to capture freshly fallen snow .	Karen 's kids decided they wanted ice-cream in the middle of a blizzard	She had absolutely no intention of trying to drive to the store .	The snow was actually going to work in her favor for this request .	Karen added chocolate coconut milk to the snow to make snow-cream .
0	Tyler ordered a pizza .	He waited for it for almost an hour .	When it did n't show up , he called the restaurant .	They told him that it was lost .	He gave them better instructions and they brought him the pizza .
2	She did n't see that there was a crack raising the sidewalk .	Gina and her friend were walking to school .	Gina was eating a bag of chips she bought at the store .	She stumbled over the large , raised crack .	Gina spilled half her chips on the sidewalk .
3	Alas , the police arrested me after I murdered her .	My wife had a nice life insurance contract .	It was worth millions of dollars .	I decided to murder her so I could get the money .	I was sentenced to prison and the money was given away to charity .
2	There were also lots of fish in the same tank .	Benny watched in awe as big sharks swam by .	He was visiting the aquarium with his dad .	He asked his dad why the sharks did n't eat them .	He stumped his father with that question .
4	When they came back , she and the kid hugged before she went home .	Jennifer was trying to make some extra money while school was out .	She answered an ad that wanted a babysitter .	She headed over to the house and met the parents as well as the kid .	Jennifer and the kid had fun while the parents were out .
4	He got into an accident and ruined his brand new car .	Craig was saving up to buy his dream car .	He was finally able to buy it .	Upon purchasing it , he decided to take it on the highway .	Craig made the bad decision to speed on the highway .
4	She mad him stop telling myths .	The boy loved telling scary stories .	He had the whole class believing them .	The teacher heard about it .	She sat him down in a meeting .
4	He grabbed the bird and swallowed it , to the horror of all the kids .	Rex was the meanest dog on the block .	He was a big , black Doberman who all the kids were scared of .	One day , Rex saw a little bird hopping on the street .	Rex managed to get off his chain and took the bird by surprise .
2	When she arrived , she set her cookies on the table and waited .	Kalyn signed up to help with her club 's cookie sale .	She worked all night to bake enough cookies .	They sold out within an hour !	Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club .
1	A girl walked past and shouted something rude .	Nina was at the skating rink .	When Nina confronted her , she became even meaner .	Nina was so upset , she did n't know what to do .	Luckily , the girl left .
0	Dani was using her cell phone .	She received a notification about a new app .	She decided to check it out and downloaded it .	It turned out that was a virus .	Dani immediately deleted it and cleaned the virus from her phone .
0	When I was 14 my parents got pregnant .	A month after my 15th birthday , by sister was born .	I was an only child up till that point .	Being honest , not much had changed .	I was old enough that it did n't even seem like I had a sibling .
2	She took a ladder from the garage and placed it on the tree trunk .	Sally was using a kite .	It landed into the tree .	She climbed to the top of the tree to take the frisbee .	She was using it again and it landed in the trash this time .
0	Eva wanted to be the best at selling Girl Scout cookies .	She brought boxes of her bookies to her father 's business .	Everyone who worked there brought lots of cookies .	Eva sold more cookies than anyone else in her troop .	Eva earned the nickname , `` Cookie . ''
1	Mike chose a blue tetra at the pet store .	Mike 's mom gave him permission to get a fish .	Every day , Mike fed the fish .	One day Mike came home to find the fish had died .	Mike 's mom told him that it was n't his fault .
4	When I was released from prison I went on to become successful .	I was in prison .	I decided to change my life .	I started going to the prison library .	Eventually , I was able to get my GED .
4	They go on the top shelf as the teasers that bested me .	I collect novelty brain teasers .	I especially like the ones with loops and chains .	Occasionally I will break one accidentally while solving .	I still add those ones to my collection .
3	Then the HIT guided me to write a story .	Today I logged onto Amazon Mturk .	I decided to try a new HIT .	I completed a qualification to do the HIT .	I wrote a short story , and completed the HIT .
2	She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed .	A girl got a pet guinea pig .	She spent hours making it a castle out of pÃ¢pier-machÃ© .	In the morning , there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust .	Guinea pigs do not appreciate fine architecture .
2	When she does the officer arrests her .	Jane wake up to a loud knock on the door .	When she opens it a police officer asks her to identify herself .	She learns that her sister has been committing crime using her name .	But not before she spends 3 days in jail and writes her sister off .
0	Steve had a lot of parking tickets .	He paid them off and thought nothing of them .	But then he got a letter from his insurance policy .	They were raising his premium as a result of all the tickets !	Steve , dejected , resolved to be more careful in the future .
2	Greg is very sad because he has no friends .	People at school find Greg weird .	Due to his weirdness he has no friends .	One day , Greg goes home and finds his mom bought a dog .	Greg and the dog become best friends !
4	I wish I would 've at least tried .	One day , my friends and I were wanting to hang out .	We decided to go rock climbing .	When we got there , everyone climbed but me .	I chickened out .
2	Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise .	Karen graduated college and was excited for her future .	Her family wanted to do something special for Karen .	The entire family went on the cruise and had a great time .	Karen was very happy and thankful for her family .
3	Susan and Joe acted like they did n't want to go .	Tim and Mary invited Susan and Joe out camping on Sunday .	Susan and Joe acted enthusiastic about the trip .	On Sunday , Tim and Mary went to pick Susan and Joe up in the car .	Tim and Mary convinced them to go anyway .
1	Even though she had decades to go , she thought it would be nice .	Kelly decided to start a retirement account .	She bought all her favorite stocks .	Kelly was thankful she had a nest egg .	As it grew her nest egg increased .
2	After the party there was a big mess to clean up .	Sarah hated to keep her house clean .	She threw a party on Friday night at her house .	None of her friends stayed to help her .	She cleaned the house by herself .
1	She always felt that smartphones were not necessary .	Juanita has never owned a smartphone .	However , one day , Juanita became lost in a new city .	She wished she had a smartphone with a map .	Juanita decided it was time to buy a smartphone .
3	During the fight , she saw how the bull was abused .	Alissa was visiting Spain on a trip .	She decided to go experience a bullfight .	She was excited as the fight started .	Alissa became sad and left the arena .
3	Her heart thumped as she contemplated his last DM to her .	She opened her email and then immediately closed it .	The thirty six emails from him had scared her .	She decided to go on social media , but immediately closed the page .	She knew now , he truly was watching her .
1	A man was having a great night betting on cards .	Smoke filled the back hall of the casino room .	He paused for a moment to compose his thoughts .	He decide to bet it all on the next card .	The dealer flipped it over and he won .
4	Jack had an adventure go wrong by falling down a hill with Jill .	Will wanted to go on an adventure but was lonely .	He called his friend Jack to accompany him .	Jack did n't answer the phone .	Will went to his house to check on him .
1	She searched Amazon for a good book .	Jenny wanted a new book to read .	She found one book with many positive reviews .	She bought the book .	Jenny read the book .
4	She decides to use mturks .	Raven was a nurse .	She lost her job for some undisclosed reason .	She has been trying to make money again .	She ca n't find a job .
4	He let out a sigh and made himself toast instead .	Ted woke up and decided to have a bowl of cereal .	He walked down to the kitchen .	Ted yawned and poured his cereal into the bowl .	He opened up the fridge and saw no milk .
0	The teacher gave us an assignment in class to write a short story .	I had no idea what to write .	I sat at my desk staring at the blank piece of paper .	I decided to write a story about my favorite movie .	I was able to finish the story in time for class the next day .
1	Matt ran ahead and got lost .	Matt and jimmy visited an abandoned asylum .	Matt could n't find Jimmy .	Matt ended up having to call the cops .	The cops led him back .
0	Sandra went to the mall to buy her mother something for Christmas .	She tried a shoe store , but did n't know her mother 's shoe size .	She went to the jewelry store , but could n't afford anything there .	She ended up at the candle store where they were having a sale .	Sandra bought her mother two scented candles for Christmas .
4	The co-worker told her she hides things till they are on sale .	Amy met a one of her co-workers for the first time .	The co-worker asked Amy to ring up a purchase for her .	She pulled out a bag hidden under a counter .	Amy asked why it was hidden .
3	As soon as Jack opens the door he flattens the guy on the other side .	Jill comes home late at night crying .	She explains to her roommate Jack that her date assaulted her .	Afterwards there is a knock on the door .	Jack 's scared when she tells him the man is a cop , not her attacker ,
3	He surprised all the coaches at tryouts in the spring .	Jeff wanted to play football his senior year but was too skinny .	He wanted to be a wide receiver but was n't fast enough either .	He hit the weight room all winter long and also worked on his speed .	He made the team and scored a bunch of touchdowns for the team .
2	One day she visited Washington State to try Pacific salmon .	Maxine had tried eating tuna before but had never eaten salmon .	Her friends told her that salmon was delicious and she should try it .	She loved how it tasted .	From that day forward , salmon was Maxine 's favorite fish .
4	London had to take all her wet clothes to the laundromat .	London was busy catching up with laundry .	She was puzzled when the clothes would n't dry in the dryer .	No matter how long she set the timer the clothes would n't dry .	She learned that the heating element had broken .
0	Sara was terrified of horses , even though her mom trained them .	She desperately wanted to conquer her fears and be able to ride .	Her mom said she should start by feeding and caring for them .	Sara began to spend every day brushing and talking to the oldest .	After a few months , she realized she was no longer afraid at all .
4	She decided to buy the shoes , upon the recommendations of the agent .	Jane was experiencing her first pregnancy .	She was only one month from due date and still growing .	Her belly distended so much that she could not possibly see her feet .	She asked the sales agent to help her try on the shoes in the store .
0	Ed had fixed himself a tuna filet for dinner .	He left it on the table to get a drink .	When he came back it was gone .	The only explanation was the cat .	He found her in his bedroom with the tuna .
4	The guy looked around and wondered how long he was asleep .	The river was full people rafting down on inner tubes .	One guy was so relaxed he fell asleep in his tube .	He drifted for miles down the river before he hit some rapids .	He awoke in a panic and paddled ashore .
0	Kathy was applying for a job .	She had no experience so she made a fake resume .	On the resume , she put her friend 's phone numbers as fake employers .	She was really worried that they would find out .	Luckily , they did n't and she got the job .
3	It ended up scraping her car badly .	Ana was at the grocery store .	She was unloading her groceries into her trunk .	Suddenly , the car jerked forward and hit her car .	It cost a lot to get it fixed .
3	Soon after Mark became really itchy and red .	Mark lived exploring new places .	One day he took a long walk on a new trail .	He went around smelling and touching all of the plants .	He quickly realized he had touched poison ivy .
0	Our cat is good with the litter box .	She poops on the floor on rare occasion .	Last night she pooped on the bedroom carpet .	Luckily it was a dry stool .	My wife yelled at the cat .
2	Some inhaled too much smoke and began to see things .	The fire raged throughout the night at the park .	Firemen from 6 towns all came to combat the fire .	One fireman thought he saw a person dancing in the fire .	He thought that it looked like a great place to dance .
1	This year , Jay simply asked for gift cards to her favorite stores .	Jay 's family did Secret Santa every year for Christmas to save money .	On Christmas Day , Jay received a very large box .	Curious , she unwrapped and opened the box and took out the contents .	She found three gift cards taped to the bottom of the box and laughed .
2	It has a rare gems exhibit .	I had my college prom in The Field Museum	The Field Museum is in Chicago .	I went into the exhibit with Benjamin .	He asked me to marry him , I said No .
0	Lucy and Becky 's parents took them to the ocean .	Becky found a sand dollar !	Lucy , unable to find her own , was extremely jealous .	Just as she was about to give up , a sand dollar washed up by her feet .	Their parents were relieved that now both girls were happy !
3	Unfortunately , he forgot to exit the house .	Yaris was a psychopath .	He decided to light his house on fire .	He took a match and lit the living room on fire .	He died in the fire .
2	She gave a big motivational speech .	Tara was the captain of her volleyball team .	She wanted to motivate her team at practice .	Her teammates were inspired by her words .	Her team ended up winning the next game .
0	I did not enjoy Spanish class this year .	My grades were n't good , so I needed to do well on the final exam .	Studying for hours on end , I stayed up all night before the test .	I passed the final exam with a 92 percent .	I never have to speak Spanish again !
1	One day his friends found a special room for their club .	Harry wanted to stay a secret club at school .	They practiced all kinds of defensive skills .	Their school principal found out about the club .	He was very supportive of them practicing these skills .
1	Lynn 's mom was Irate .	Lynn and her friends were busted sneaking in at midnight .	The girls all stood quiet as she yelled .	Lynn 's dad drove her friends home .	Lynn was grounded for a month .
0	Liza had her pizza in the oven .	When she took it out it was hot .	Liza by accident touched it with her finger .	The burn was bad .	She had to put aloe on it ,
4	Another driver crashed into the sofa .	The driver was trying to transfer some furniture to the store .	He decided to take the highway to get to the store faster .	The back of the truck opened up by accident .	Therefore , a sofa fell on the floor .
1	He should n't drive after drinking so he does n't plan to stay long .	Jason decides to stop by the bar on the way home from work .	However , his best friends show up at the bar and they all drink lots .	After several drinks , Jason decides to take the long walk home .	He finally gets home and decides he never wants to drink again .
1	His car would not start , so he rode his son 's bike to Clint 's shop .	Tom bought some shells for Clint 's birthday .	He was delayed due to a traffic accident closing the road .	Worried that he would miss Clint , Tom turned onto a side street .	He arrived just in time to surprise Clint with the gift .
2	The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny .	Andrew saw a pretty girl at his school .	Andrew decided to talk to her .	He invited her to go to a movie with him .	She said yes !
4	It suddenly looked pitiful next to the other expert looking projects .	Betty was excited to participate in her first science fair .	She went home to get started on the project .	Betty 's mom was proud that she did n't ask for any help .	On the day of the fair , Betty proudly brought her project to class .
1	He first applied at a fast food place .	Jacob was walking around looking for work .	Then he went to a library to apply .	He got interviews with the fast food place .	They hired him the next day .
4	When she returned home she made four dozen sugar cookies .	Claire wanted to bake some cookies .	She looked in the pantry for the necessary ingredients .	Claire realized she was out of flour .	Claire climbed in her car and headed to the store to buy flour .
3	I started drinking coffee to get through my shift .	I never used to drink coffee when I was younger .	I used to be able to wake right up out of bed .	Then I took a job where I started at two in the morning .	Now I need coffee every single morning .
2	However , someone told him that we was n't an athlete .	The class was shooting hoops in the gymnasium .	My teacher came in and started giving instructions .	The teacher challenged the man to a one on one match of basketball .	He ended up winning by 12 points .
4	Now the kids do n't play baseball in the street anymore .	The neighborhood kids loved to play baseball in the street .	One day , a boy hit the ball really hard .	The ball broke an old woman 's window .	The kids had to pay for the broken window .
0	Tim 's mom dropped him off at school in the morning .	It was his first day of preschool .	They had n't been separated this long .	Time ran off into class excited .	His mother wept in the car for an hour .
1	There was so much snow that school was cancelled .	Today it snowed three feet of perfect snow .	I decided to shovel the snow for my parents .	They were very happy when I finished all of the shoveling .	My parents bought me a new game for all of my hard work .
0	Bob was a solider during the Iraq war .	He was paralyzed by a gunshot wound .	The doctors said he would never walk again .	But , Bob was adamant in learning to walk and he practiced hard .	Eventually , Bob was able to walk again !
4	When I laughed at that she called me a jerk .	This girl Alexis and I were chatting last night .	She got mad at me for saying her music tastes was bad .	I tried to make it up to her by complimenting her appearance .	Instead of continuing to be angry she was ecstatic .
2	I 'm going to build a fire .	I 'm working in the yard today .	I am picking up all the random sticks .	That way , I can cook these hot dogs .	I do n't want them to go bad .
4	She pulled out an apple from the jar with a frown on her face .	Ellen really wanted another cookie .	Her mother told her no .	All Ellen had to do was to reach in the cookie jar .	When her mom was n't looking , she did .
4	Now Ally and Tyler play chess every week with her beautiful pieces .	Ally was n't sure what to get for Tyler 's birthday .	She decided to make him a gift .	Since he liked chess , she made him custom chess pieces .	He was delighted to receive the gift .
4	She hated it .	Tori loved cake .	She went to a fancy bakery to get some .	She could not decide between two flavors of cake .	Finally , she selected the green tea flavored cake .
0	Sam had a fear of driving .	One day he got lost .	He took a wrong turn and went down a winding road .	Sam was scared and drove slowly .	Eventually he made it through and got to his destination .
2	This time his little cousin got hurt in a fight .	Jason was a tough kid who liked to fight .	He took his younger cousin along when he fought some guys .	Jason felt badly and could n't apologize enough .	He quit street fighting and started taking college seriously .
0	James wanted to play outside in the snow .	He found a nearby hill that looked great for sledding .	He pulled his old , red sled out of the garage .	He went careening down the hill on his sled .	James could n't wait to go sledding again !
1	I heard shouting coming from a nearby alley , so I ran over .	I was walking home from work in a downpour .	2 men were holding up an old woman , trying to steal her purse .	I rushed to help , and with the woman behind me , drove them both away .	She thanked me kindly , though shaken , and I walked her home .
3	Later she wanted a job that she liked better .	Sandra did n't have any money .	She decided to get a job .	Sandra started working at a fast food restaurant .	Now Sandra works at a clothes store with better working conditions .
4	It was inconvenient , but Gina felt it was worth it .	Gina drank a specific brand of bottled water .	Each week she went to the store and bought enough for 5-7 days .	But the stores near her house were always running out of the water .	Gina often had to visit 2 stores to get enough .
1	He wondered if it would really work .	Jay saw cartoons where people slid on banana peels .	He put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking .	She did step on it , but it just got squished .	She was pretty angry at him for trying to make her fall .
0	Ted took his entire family to the park for a fun day .	The family decided to go canoeing down the park 's main river .	While in the canoe , Ted 's youngest daughter fell out .	Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to rescue his daughter .	At the last moment , Ted got hold of his child and pulled her to safety
2	The information contradicted the lead of the article .	Rich Cameron wrote an article for the community newspaper .	As the printing machine printed copies new information came in .	Rich yelled to stop the press !	That was the only time in his career he stopped the press machine .
1	One day after school , his father told him that he lost his job .	Harry went to an exclusive private school .	They would no longer be able to send him to the private school .	The next week Harry 's parents signed him up at his local public school	Harry made friends fast and adjusted well to the new school .
3	In the bottle was an old photograph .	Betty took a walk along the beach .	While looking for shells , something shiny caught her eye .	Betty found a bottle !	Betty took her new keepsake home to show her mother .
3	So he bought contacts and threw out his glasses .	Eric had glasses his whole life .	He was almost blind without them .	He was sick of being called four eyes and nerd .	He quickly realized he could n't put them in because he could n't see .
1	When they purchased it they got their stuff and moved in .	Jim and Erin decided to buy a new house .	Everything seemed to go well .	Except their movers were late .	Jim and Erin decided to not tip the movers as a result .
2	He wiped all of the patties with paper towels to remove excess grease .	Mike was always health conscious .	And when he a job at a fast food restaurant , everybody saw it .	And he hid the salt packets to prevent anyone from having them .	After one week , Mike was fired .
3	The next thing she knew , she was sitting on the ground at the bottom .	Rhonda 's heart pounded as her front tire teetered over the edge .	The ramp seemed so much higher now that she was on it .	She gulped & loosened her brakes , inching the bike closer to the drop .	Friends informed her she had passed out before attempting the jump .
0	Jimmy 's dad took him to see his favorite baseball team .	He brought his glove in the hope of catching a home run ball .	Jimmy waited in anticipation as the biggest slugger came up to bat .	On the first pitch , the slugger hit a home run right towards Jimmy !	Leaping up , Jimmy was thrilled to successfully catch the ball !
3	The contest administrators were calling to say she 'd won !	Anna entered a contest at the local grocery store .	She submitted her name and phone number .	Three weeks later she got a phone call .	Anna got a free cruise to the Bahamas !
3	She told Colin they were baby cabbages , which they resembled .	Colin was a very picky eater .	He loved cabbage but he ate no other veggies at all .	Then his mom got him to try Brussels sprouts .	Colin happily tried them - and he absolutely loved them !
4	Rick was very thankful that it rained .	Rick forgot to bring his gym clothes to school .	But before his gym class started , it began to rainy .	Rick and his class got to watch a sports movie in the auditorium .	And Rick did n't get in trouble for forgetting his gym clothes .
3	They went out to a club and danced .	Missy and two of her friends went on a girls weekend .	They went out to lunch and went shopping .	They came back to the hotel and got ready .	It was a very fun weekend .
1	We came across a food truck .	My Korean friend took me to the Asian side of town .	The cook tried to speak to me in a different language .	I did n't understand however , my friend did .	She ended up translating for me .
3	She called the police who came and said her apartment was broken into .	Gina lived in a small apartment in a suburban area .	She felt generally safe and had no issues at this apartment complex .	One day when she came home from work , she noticed one window open .	She lost about $ 1000 worth of jewelry and electronics .
1	Most days he enjoyed simply sitting in silence .	Ron hated music and thought it was all annoying noise .	One day his sister Rachel gave him a banjo for his birthday .	Ron was appalled until he heard Rachel strum a few notes .	He soon learned to play the banjo quite well and now Ron is in a band .
2	The zoo was far away but they got there by the afternoon .	Rachel and Timmy wanted to do something on a Sunday .	Rachel suggested that they go to the zoo .	They saw most of the animals and got to touch a giraffe .	They had to go home in time for dinner .
2	Although Ally was honest , Jake often cheated .	Ally and Jake were siblings .	They loved to play videogames together .	To be able to compete , Ally started cheating .	Ally won every game they played .
4	But only one of them was the flavor I wanted .	I went to the bank yesterday .	I needed to make a quick deposit and noticed they had candy out .	I grabbed a few .	They were all jolly ranchers
3	He used one side and I got the other .	The guy who saved my car had acted quickly .	We decided to fish together and pool our knowledge .	The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake .	Between use , we caught 40 bluegill .
2	Her boyfriend took her to the guitar shop .	Opal wanted to buy her first guitar .	She had saved up money from her summer job .	He helped her find one that was in her price range .	She took it home and immediately started practicing .
4	Now her dog goes potty outside like a good dog .	Jenna got a dog .	She loved the dog very much .	She did n't love that the dog peed on the floor .	Jenna looked up videos on how to potty train a dog .
1	I wanted to try to do it to , but had no experience .	A few years ago , everyone around me was learning to skateboard .	I went to the shop and bought a skateboard .	I took the board home and practiced for days .	I never learned to skate properly .
3	The next time , Dave tricked John and scared him instead !	John loved to scare his little brother Dave .	Dave would be playing quietly and John would sneak up and shout !	Dave really hated this and wanted to get him back .	John agreed that it was n't much fun to be scared .
3	Supposing that they 'd taken the wrong trail , they turned around .	Sage and Belle got to the park early that morning .	They wanted to take the new hiking trail to the river .	After hiking a short distance they noticed that the trail stopped .	But later they found out that the new trail had just been cut short .
4	Dan ran all the way home hoping to get there before his parents .	Dan was going to be in trouble if his parent saw his report card .	He went to his homeroom teacher to attempt to stop him from mailing it	He offered to take the report card to his mother instead .	To his dismay he was told the cards were mailed the day before .
1	He recently hired a professional instructor to teach him how to play .	John has always wanted to learn how to play the piano .	The instructor arrived and attempted to teach John the basics .	John had a lot of trouble learning , but he persevered .	John , later in the year , won a piano playing competition .
3	The game was close however , Hannah ended up winning .	Gary stole Hannah 's teddy bear .	He told her that in order to get it back , he has to beat her in chess .	Hannah decided to challenge him in chess .	Gary was mad and decided to throw away the teddy bear .
3	I used to work for a transit system , and compiled a lot of photos .	Like many people , I order photo Christmas cards each year .	Unlike many , I do not use photos of family or pets .	I am a transit buff , so I feature photos of subway cars and trolleys .	My family and friends now expect a transit Christmas card each year .
1	His ambulance was called to the scene of a terrible accident .	Jim was a paramedic .	A car had crashed into a house .	A little boy was trapped in the car .	Jim saved the little boy .
0	Liam was a very funny guy .	He decided to try his hand in stand up comedy .	Liam unfortunately suffered from stage fright .	He decided to put on a scarf over his eyes .	Everyone thought that was a part of the gag and laughed .
3	She fell to the ground in pain .	Stella was playing in a basketball game at her school .	She was running down the court with the ball .	She tripped and twisted her ankle .	Her teammates , her coach helped her off the floor .
3	Dana loves it .	Dana wants to paint her nails a new color .	She drives into town to see the nail colorist .	The nail colorist paints her nails red .	Dana finally has a new color for her nails .
2	It was thick and scruffy .	Joe loved his beard .	It was four inches long .	However , it kept him from getting a job .	He decided to shave it and he got a job instantly .
2	He spent fifty dollars in ten minutes .	Tim was on vacation .	He went to a casino .	He had no money left .	He decided to leave and go home .
3	He began to do his best to emulate her .	A man wanted to send text messages faster .	He decided to research the fastest texter in the world .	He watched this young woman text very fast .	He soon improved his texting speed .
3	Just as he was pulling the fish up , a beautiful sunrise emerged .	John went out to the lake to go fishing one morning .	He went onto his boat and relaxed with his fishing pole .	While sitting , he felt a tug on his pole and began reeling .	John could n't believe the sight and he was brought to tears .
1	But he saw a small puppy by itself .	Ivan was playing outside .	He decided to carry it .	But its owner saw him .	He and Ivan decided to play with the puppy together .
0	Michael was a fighter	He gets into a fight wherever he goes	He decided to join the UFC competitions	After his preliminary fight , he instantly got accepted	He went on to become the heavyweight champion
1	He did a lot of work for ROC-NLP-Research .	Josh worked on Mechanical Turk .	The requester thought that Josh did amazing work !	The requester decided to give Josh a big bonus .	Josh was happy to wake up one morning and see the bonus !
3	From Paris , Jan hiked all around Europe .	Jan wanted to travel .	She saved up money for two Year 's .	Jan bought a plane ticket to Paris .	Now Jan is a better person and loves to travel .
4	Zachary was a fool and had no special powers .	Zachary knew that he had a special ability .	He knew instantly when someone was lying .	His mother told him she loved him , and he knew it was a lie .	Zachary ran away , feeling unloved .
0	I knew my boss was gay , but I did n't think he was prejudice .	One evening I walked up to a white senior lady co worker to talk .	My boss looked shocked and told me to see him in his office .	There he said I was n't qualified and should do something not so hard .	The statement was like what the white teacher said to young Malcolm X .
2	When it was time , she went to put the dough in the oven .	Cara was making rolls for dinner .	She left the dough to sit on the counter and rise .	Then , she saw that a ton of flies had been sitting on her dough .	Sadly , she threw the dough out and started over .
2	I went to the local shoe shop .	My shoes were becoming very worn out .	I chose to buy a new pair .	I tried on several different pairs .	I found one pair that I really liked and bought them .
4	He went to bed and forgot about the whole argument .	Matt was browsing an internet forum .	He came across a post he disagreed with , so he posted a response .	His response started an argument that lasted for two hours .	After hundreds of messages back and forth , Matt was exhausted .
2	The whole family came every year , packing her little trailer full .	My Nanny always threw a big Thanksgiving party .	She 'd spend months baking pies , cookies , and homemade candies .	The last year of her life , she did it all , even though she had cancer .	That was the last Thanksgiving my family got together .
1	It marked the anniversary of his father 's passing .	Today was a sad day for Jim .	He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day every year .	He walked around the cemetery .	He imagined having a conversation with his father .
4	It was so cool that she gave the trainer a huge tip .	Rachel was on a vacation in a foreign country .	She was walking in a marketplace one morning .	She noticed a crowd gathered in front of a building .	She walked over and saw a dancing bear .
0	I wanted to live every writer 's dream .	I bought a small cabin in the woods .	I brought just a few novels and my writing supplies .	I wrote a great novel while I lived there .	It never got published .
3	One day , Sarah 's friend gave her a present .	Sarah always loved tater-tots .	Those little balls of fried potatoes really made her happy .	She knew it was a silly thing to be passionate about .	It was just a giant bag of tater tots , and Sarah had never been happier .
1	She read a book while catching the sun .	Jenna was going sun tanning at the beach .	She fell asleep halfway through the book .	She slept for a couple of hours before she woke up .	Her entire body was sore from being sun burnt .
2	Todd build a fire so they could cook dinner and stay warm .	Todd and his buddies drove to a campsite in the wilderness .	Each of the three young men set up separate tents .	They roasted hot dogs around the fire , had s'mores , and told stories .	Then they set up their sleeping bags and went to sleep .
4	His comic book was worth thousands of dollars because it was vintage !	Bob had recently acquired an old box of storage from his grandfather .	He decided to look through it one day .	Inside he found a comic book hidden away in a folder .	He looked up the value online and his jaw dropped .
2	Larissa tried to be mean to her boyfriend by hitting him .	Larissa had always been mean and bossy .	When Larissa was twenty-eight , she got a boyfriend .	Her boyfriend called the police on her .	Larissa is now in jail for assault and battery .
1	On very proud of her because I know how hard she has worked .	My wife got a raise at her job .	She stays late and goes in early and also works from home .	I took her out to dinner to celebrate .	I 'm proud to be married to such a hard worker .
4	She met many friends there .	Becky wanted to do something fun during her evenings .	She found out about free salsa dance lessons .	She attended them weekly .	She had a great time there .
3	I was disappointed that I lost the tournament .	I signed up for a billboards tournament .	I was in competition against some of the best players in the town .	I ended up losing a couple games .	I left the building very disappointed .
3	But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes .	Hank was angry about how often his neighbors would party .	They had loud parties at night and even some mornings .	Hank angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music .	This time , Hank was happy about his neighbor 's party .
0	Jimmy 's computer was running slow .	It was too outdated .	Jimmy searched online for a new laptop .	He found a deal through eBay .	Jimmy got his laptop in the mail a few days later .
3	After spending 20-30 minutes looking for it , I asked my mom .	My mom was cleaning out the table .	Since she thought that my homework was trash , she threw it away .	Several minutes later , the trash was picked up by the garbageman .	When she told me that she threw it away , I became mad .
2	One day , Lisa 's friends decided to plan a potluck .	Lisa told everyone she was a great cook .	No one questioned her , because she worked at a food magazine .	Lisa made a big deal of how great her dish was going to be .	Her friends were shocked when it was boxed macaroni and cheese !
3	He took a trip there and he had to agree with the other visitors .	Neil loved seeing beautiful natural wonders .	Since he was visiting Ireland , he knew where to go .	He had heard so much about the Cliffs of Moher .	The Cliffs of Moher were absolutely breathtaking !
0	Sara needed a new car .	Hers had too many miles and was old .	She finally found one she liked .	She was able to work out a great deal with the dealership .	Sara drove the new car home .
3	A few weeks had passed and they saw that the plants were thriving .	The Bonds were ready to plant this year 's vegetable garden .	They took a trip to the nursery to buy the plants they needed .	After preparing the soil they deposited the plants in the ground .	Three months later they were preparing meals with the vegetables .
2	Alex 's parents demanded that he seek some type of work .	Alex quit an intolerable minimum wage job .	Alex did not feel the need to get a new job soon .	Alex went to a job fair .	Alex was hired for a new minimum wage job .
2	They went to many bars and had lots of drinks .	Jim went with his friends to the downtown area of the city .	It was a Friday night and everybody was restless .	Eventually Jim became very inebriated .	Jim had to call a taxi to take him home at the end of the night .
2	Finally she has a big argument with her friends about fur .	Lorrain has always loved the way that she looks in a fur coat .	Her friends tell her that it is cruel to wear fur .	She decides to never see them again .	Lorraine will always choose fur over friends .
3	Sam read on , curious and thrilled .	Sam received a letter in the mail .	It said a distant relative of his had died .	Sam was inheriting his title .	He read that he was now an Earl !
3	Then , he never went to pick up the food .	Julian was mad after being fired from a diner .	He decided to call them and order a bunch of food .	He ordered tons of sandwiches and several pizzas .	They knew it was him and banned him .
4	I called it dad 's red rocket .	Dad went shopping for a new car .	He picked out a red one because he always wanted a red car .	He also picked out a stick shift because it felt like a race car .	The first day I saw dad driving I gave his car a nickname .
3	It was so good she went back .	Kelly decided to go to the new pizza place down the street .	When she tried it she loved it .	Kelly thought it was amazing .	She wanted to go everyday .
3	He decided it was too consistent to be a bug .	Timothy heard a weird noise in his house upstairs .	It was a low buzzing sound .	He worried that a bug might be inside .	It turned out he left an old TV on a dead channel downstairs .
2	While business was slow at first , Paul was happy to have a change .	Paul was sick of his job and wanted to be his own boss .	He started a sporting goods business with some friends .	Soon things picked up for the store and Paul was making a profit .	Now Paul is very happy and is his own boss !
3	The family arrived at the hotel and unpacked .	John decided to take his family to the beach on vacation .	He booked a hotel and planned out the whole week .	The family packed their suitcases and was ready to go .	The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned .
0	The Jackson family decided it would be fun to go to the beach .	It was quite a long drive to get there however with a ton of traffic .	The long wait was worth it however as the day was beautiful .	The family ran to check out how nice the water was .	The kids ended up swimming for nearly 2 hours .
0	Annie always got to chose what her birthday cake would look like .	Last year it had puppies on it .	This year she wanted to do something more grown up .	She was turning 7 !	So she asked for flowers on her cake this year .
1	He took it to the grocery store but they could n't cash it .	Timmy got a check in the mail for his birthday .	Timmy tried to find a location to cash his check in town .	He eventually found a branch for his bank and walked in .	They cashed his check and Timmy took his money home .
4	She did n't like shrimp after that .	Becky never had a shrimp before .	She liked fish so she thought she should try a shrimp .	Her meal was sat down in front of her .	She saw the shrimp little legs and its tail .
2	I got distracted and forgot to take them out of the oven in time .	Today i decided to bake some cookies .	i was looking forward to eat some too .	All of the cookies were burned !	I was very upset , but decided to do another batch .
0	Evan was happy to be pregnant .	But she really wanted a boy .	To her dismay , her doctor had said she was having a girl .	But on delivery day , Even got a happy surprise .	She gave birth to a happy , healthy baby - boy !
0	Mark wanted to buy a new laptop .	He went to the electronics store to check some out .	He tested different ones and found the one he liked .	Then he went home and found the best deal online .	He got it within a couple of days and was really happy .
2	The manager refused to send a technician unless he got several calls .	We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013 .	In 2012 the furnace started shutting down .	I got together a group of neighbors to call when the heat was off .	We moved in 2013 to a heated building .
3	When she picked it up she shook , spilling tea everywhere .	My neighbor came over for tea this morning .	She sat down on my couch while I prepared it .	Carefully , I placed the tea next to her .	I awkwardly apologized to her for no good reason .
3	He got scared and drove away as fast as he could .	John was driving to a new destination .	He ended up getting lost .	he started seeing public housing and suspicious characters .	He gets out of the area in the next 10 minutes .
0	Our local church hosts a fish fry every Friday during Lent .	They have a to-go line where you do n't have to get out of your car .	You pull up and they write down your order .	You then pull up a little further to the rectory and wait for food .	They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave .
4	And before she knew it , she had made dozens of friends !	Lea was nervous about starting high school .	She had been homeschooled all her life up until then .	She feared her shyness would render her unpopular .	But on her first day , she just smiled and tried to be friendly .
1	He put stickers on every surface he could .	Liam loved stickers of every kind .	Mom was unhappy about the stickers on the walls .	Liam had to clean all the stickers off .	Mom gave Liam a sticker book so now he can start a new collection .
0	Hallie was running outside barefoot .	She stepped on a piece of glass .	Hallie had to go see the doctor .	She cut it so bad she had to have stitches .	Hallie now wears shoes when she is outside .
2	Tom wanted the blanket for his fort .	Sam and Tom were fighting over a blanket .	Sam wanted the blanket for his bed .	They tugged back and forth .	Sam pulled harder and won the fight .
2	She watched the whole thing one night .	Maggie 's favorite Youtubers put out a new video .	Maggie was excited to watch it .	When she was done , she left a comment .	After that , she shared the video online .
4	Han 's ticket was a big winner !	Han bought a scratch lottery ticket .	He usually did not win , but he still hoped .	He scratched the ticket eagerly .	Then he doubled over in shock .
0	Jeff painted his mailbox bright blue to make it look nice .	The next day his neighbor also painted his box the same blue .	Jeff stormed over to his house to talk about this injustice .	The neighbor punched Jeff in the face before he could speak .	Jeff limped home and painted his box green the next day .
1	A school zone was looming ahead , but Mary did n't see it .	Mary turned the corner at the new intersection .	Mary continued to listen to her favorite song .	Two blocks later , Mary was pulled over .	The cop gave her a warning after hearing her plea .
1	My cane had slippery rubber tips and wore down quickly .	I use a cane to walk .	I researched the Internet and bought heavy duty non skid tips .	The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence .	I went online and gave the tips positive feedback .
1	I am usually very careful to not leave my violin behind .	I am a violinist and carry my violin everywhere .	Last year my parents picked me up at the airport and we ate at Panera .	An hour after leaving the restaurant , I realized I left my violin !	I called Panera and they found my violin .
1	They broke the law doing this many times .	Dominic and his friends would skate everywhere they could .	They went skating at a local school yesterday .	They started doing some tricks until a police officer came over .	He gave them all tickets for skating in a no skating zone .
1	She got ready to get down on all fours .	Jane liked this part of the routine the best .	The instructor called out for the downward dog position .	Jane got down in no time to go through the movements .	Jane got back up to a sitting position when she was done .
3	Fluffy ca n't climb very well and she got stuck !	Fluffy the cat loved to chase squirrels .	One day a squirrel in the yard ran up a tree .	Fluffy followed the squirrel into the branches .	I had to take out a ladder to help Fluffy down .
4	James cleared a new space for his new book .	James bought a new book online .	When the book arrived he opened the package with excitement .	He flipped through the book for a while .	When he wa done , he brought the book to his bookshelf .
1	She started picking on a boy .	Penny was at recess with her friends .	Suddenly , the boy got angry .	He punched her in the stomach and she began to cry .	The boy got in trouble , even though she had started it .
4	He finally was able to get rid of his cravings after a month .	James was a pack a day smoker for the last 5 years .	He was determined to quit on his birthday .	When it was his birthday , he threw out all his cigarettes .	He craved cigarettes all week but was able to refrain from smoking .
2	I took them home to cook them .	I wanted to make a stew .	I bought all the ingredients .	When I got home , I was too tired to cook .	I put the ingredients in the fridge to cook another day .
0	Lucy 's grandpa came to pick her up from Mary 's house .	When Lucy came to the car he could see she had a black eye .	He was furious .	He questioned the boy who hit her with a ball , and his mother .	He realized it was an accident and there was no one to blame .
4	Jim wished he had n't gone out in his new hat .	It was a very windy day .	Jim was out walking , wearing his new hat .	Suddenly the wind tore his new hat from his head !	Jim chased it down , running fast , but the hat was gone .
4	She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day .	Karen fell in love with a boy named Josh .	Josh did n't love her like she loved him and he broke up with her .	She had to let him go because he did n't want to be with her .	Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad .
1	The next morning , she felt horrible .	Callie ate some yummy fajitas for dinner .	She stayed home sick and was throwing up all day .	Soon she could tell that it was the fajitas .	From then on , she hated the taste of them .
0	Sara loved to drink soda every day and night .	She drank so much soda that her teeth began to rot !	She had to be taken into the hospital to have emergency surgery !	Sara recovered and went home after a few months .	Sara has never touched a drop of soda since that day !
0	Ellie was inspired to learn gymnastics after watching the Olympics .	She went to her first class full of nerves and anticipation .	When it was her turn to walk the balance beam , she was shaking .	Ellie took a deep breath and thought of the brave Olympic champions .	Their inspiration helped Ellie find her balance and walk strongly .
1	When it is finished , she realizes she has become sick .	Laura has been staying up late for weeks finishing her term paper .	Laura gets plenty of sleep and drinks liquids for a few days .	Finally she begins to feel better .	Laura is happy to be done with the term paper and feeling good .
4	Hank was devastated at the loss of his grill .	Hank had the best grill in town .	He would hold cookouts with people who would pay for his hot dogs .	However , people became jealous of Hank and his grill .	One night , some people stole his grill !
1	This morning the elevator got stuck .	I take an elevator to get to my office .	I was waiting for help for hours .	Because I was stuck , I was late for work .	My boss was angry at first , but then he laughed .
2	We found a cave .	Our family went to the beach .	We started to explore .	My dad went in first .	He came out scared of what was inside .
2	Jemma started eating better and walking daily .	Jemma was overweight and out of shape .	She decided to take her health more seriously .	People started to notice Jemma losing weight and getting fit .	Jemma 's mother and sister started to join her on her walks .
2	He made his costume himself .	Timmy loved Halloween .	He waited months for it .	He always goes trick or treating .	He got tons of candies .
1	When she finally had the opportunity , the seas were very rough .	Kim was looking forward to going on a cruise for a very long time .	Kim felt sick and could n't eat any of the delicious food they served .	She spent most of the time in the bathroom or in bed .	Kim did n't get discouraged , she is looking forward to her next cruise !
0	Arthur and his friends were under eighteen .	One Sunday they were out of control and wanted money .	Arthur suggested they rob someone .	They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack .	He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act .
3	She studied diligently at her lessons .	Angela wanted to play an instrument .	But she did n't want to learn a common one .	She decided on the harp .	Soon she was an expert harpist !
2	He sang it without knowing the words that well .	A man drove while listening to the radio .	A new song came one that he really got into .	When the song was over he wondered what it was called .	The man called the radio station to ask .
0	Jim 's father was never around .	He was very close to his mom instead .	One day , he was told that his father was very sick .	Knowing his father was on his deathbed , he decided to make peace .	He saw and talked to his father one day before he died .
0	Jane had a duplex neighbor named Bonnie .	Bonnie liked to feed birds with bird feeders , in their shared yard .	Jane could n't sleep sometimes , due to the noise of these birds .	Jane asked Bonnie to move her bird feeder away from Jane 's window .	Bonnie complied , and still feeds birds from another location .
1	My friends invited me to a party .	I was seventeen .	There was beer at the party .	My friends offered me beer .	I declined because I was of a strong moral character .
1	They decided to have a race to the water .	Jake was drunk with his friends at the beach .	Jake and all his friends fell before they got there .	Some got back up and kept running .	Most just laughed and the funny situation .
0	I started playing football my sophomore year in high school .	I had never scored a touchdown , but it was my dream to score one .	It was game day and I had a feeling I was going to score .	The quarterback threw me the ball and I caught it and ran for my life .	After forty yards of running , I scored my first touchdown !
0	Jane took his boyfriend to a carnival .	They walked around to explore different attractions .	One of the workers offered them a chance to play a game .	He said that they can win a prize for hitting a bottle with a ball .	On Jane 's first attempt , she knocked out the bottle .
0	Eva wanted to grow flowers in her garden .	She found it hard to get them to sprout from seeds .	So she went to the flower nursery .	There , she bought flower bulbs .	She planted them and watched her flowers spring up !
3	She hated school and hoped it were a real fire .	Amy was in history class .	Suddenly there was an alarm blaring .	She grabbed her things and headed for the door .	To her dismay it was only a drill .
4	She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone .	Jill Always considered herself ugly .	She was teased constantly and eventually left school .	A few years passed and she returned to the school .	She was now beautiful and got lots of attention .
4	Dan was furious that his friend lost his comic book .	Dan had a huge collection of comic books .	Recently , Dan allowed his best friend to borrow a comic book .	When Dan asked for the book back , his friend could not find it .	Dan 's friend had lost one of his most valuable comic books !
2	I looked at everyone of them and they seem average .	My old computer just broke so I decided to buy a new once .	There was a sale going on at Best buy for computers .	However , I decided to go to the Apple section and buy a Mac .	Ever since I went Mac I never went back .
3	Her trick worked and she won the spelling bee .	Marissa was a finalist in her school 's spelling bee .	She was not sure how to spell her next word .	To fool the judges , she mumbled one of the vowels .	Even though she won , she is not proud of her victory .
3	When Walter heard about Jesse 's business , he asked if he could join .	Walter was a chemistry teacher .	Walter had a student named Jesse who never payed attention in class .	After Jesse graduated high school , he started his own business .	Walter and Jesse had great success working together .
2	It took them two hours to figure out the right path back out .	Michelle and Jay went hiking on the four mile path at the local park .	They took a wrong turn and realized they were lost .	The sun set and it got dark before they finished their hike .	When they emerged from the woods they felt a great sense of relief .
2	When he went to the appointment , it was the wrong day .	Jim had a doctor 's appointment .	He wrote it on his calendar .	He apparently wrote it for the wrong date .	Now Jim double checks his appointments .
3	She went in shaking .	Iris had a job interview for a new position .	She was quite nervous .	She had no idea how it would work out .	Luckily when she walked out she got the job .
0	Alan needed to get an oil change .	He went to the auto shop .	Alan learned the price of an oil change and it was too high .	Alan went home and learned how to change the car 's oil himself .	He saved a lot of money by doing that .
1	But his sister was taking a shower .	Ian had to use the bathroom .	He barged on the bathroom door .	But it took 15 more minutes for his sister to get out .	Ian ran into the bathroom so quickly that he slipped on the floor .
0	Hank raised his fist , ready to smash in Clyde 's face .	Clyde crouched down and prepared to be hit .	Hank just stood there , with his fist hanging in the air .	He lowered it abruptly .	Hank had realized in that moment that hurting people was wrong .
4	Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch .	Ed tossed a bag of chips into his backpack before he walked to school .	He then put in his textbooks and notebooks .	At lunch he opened his bag to get his chips .	The books had crushed all of Ed 's chips .
2	I had to slam on my brakes .	I bought coffee on my way to work this morning .	As I was drinking it , a car stopped .	Coffee went all over my shirt .	I had to turn around and change before work .
2	She got to go on a field trip with the school .	Marsha went to school every day to learn .	She loved to go to school and see her friends .	She was happy her friends got to go with her .	Marsha learned a lot by going on the field trip .
3	We left at 10 o'clock Thanksgiving night .	I wanted some new video games for Christmas .	They were on sale at Walmart for Black Friday .	My Dad and I decided to go out shopping .	I could n't believe the amount of people I saw at Walmart .
0	I have a friend Mike who is a Busker .	He went to Las Vegas to practice his magic in the street .	One of his audiences thought he was a thief .	They accosted him and held him for the police .	Mike was released but never went back to Las Vegas .
0	Dave head up a bank teller at gunpoint and demanded all the money .	The teller recognized Dave from their high school days .	Dave felt embarrassed by how low he had sunk since then .	The teller handed over the money and wrote put a note with it .	The note said he hoped to see him at the next reunion .
0	As a teenager , I needed to get braces .	I was n't looking forward to it .	At the orthodontist , I learned that I had to get six teeth pulled .	I got the procedure , and I was in so much pain .	I did n't want anything to do with braces or teeth after that .
3	When she entered her teacher stared at her .	As Gina left the principal 's office she saw classes were letting out .	She had n't realized how long she had been in there .	She headed up the stairs to her classroom .	She ignored her and grabbed her things to leave .
4	Kim was upset that the middle portion was still cold .	Kim wanted to eat a frozen burrito for lunch .	So she put one in the oven .	She was becoming impatient however .	So she turned off the oven 5 minutes too early .
2	Laura does n't want to work on math , but she eventually agrees .	Laura wants to watch a movie and relax after school .	However , he mother tells her to finish her math homework first .	She begrudgingly finishes her math homework .	Finally Laura can watch the movie .
1	But for her 7th birthday , she wished for a special horse - a unicorn !	Hannah lived on a farm and loved her horses very much .	Hannah woke on her birthday , excited , and ran outside .	There in the pen was a pony with a tall thin horn tied on its head !	Hannah got her birthday `` unicorn '' after all !
0	Scott wants to go fishing with his friend tomorrow .	He has so many chores to get done before he can go .	He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal .	He has finished all of his chores .	He is now allowed to go fishing with his friends .
3	She was finishing her routine in an upcoming competition with a giant .	Sarah loved working on her gymnastics skills .	Her favorite event was the uneven bars .	She practiced diligently to learn how to do a giant on the bars .	On the day of the competition , Sarah completed the giant and landed .
2	Later that summer Marie and David were driving along the road .	Marie had a lover named David .	In the spring , Marie and David planted flower seeds along a road .	They discovered that the flowers were blooming .	They stopped the car , got out , and took a photograph of the flowers .
3	Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them .	It was a hot summer day for Jill and her children .	So Jill decided to buy some kiddie pools and set them up .	The kids cooled off and played .	Soon , all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill 's house .
2	Everyone usually liked her rum cake .	Candy 's boss invited her to the company holiday party .	She was tasked with bringing a dish .	Candy brought the cake to the party .	Everyone asked her for the recipe .
0	Gina 's grandma 's closet had been closed for Years .	Now it was open once again .	She looked through all the lovely clothes from eras past .	Gina wanted to take time to try on the clothes .	But they were packing for a move , and there was no time .
4	I have yet to find another best friend .	I grew up with a neighbor friend of mine .	She was my best friend .	She started living the wrong lifestyle .	We went different directions .
4	His teacher looked please when he turned it in .	Joe brought home a can to collect for UNICEF .	He planned to bring the can trick-or-treating to fill it up .	Everyone seemed happy to donate to the UNICEF can .	Joe shook out a few coins , then emptied half the can .
3	She called a locksmith .	Alex realized she locked her keys in her car .	She tried to call her family members who had an extra key .	Nobody could bring her a key .	She locksmith charged her $ 100 to get into her car .
4	Then the skies cleared as we made it to the channel and it was calm .	We went whale watching on a stormy day in August .	The crew assured us that we 'd get far enough out to avoid it .	Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water .	I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly .
4	Eventually , the guy went and sat with them and they all ate together .	Janice and Alma were two friends who went out to eat one day .	They went to an Italian restaurant and ordered pizza and pasta .	There they began to eat but saw a guy sitting alone by himself .	Janice said hi to him and they started talking .
2	When a thunderstorm occurred , they decided to stay in a pavilion .	Kaley took a cooler of food and drinks to the park .	A few friends visited and they had a volleyball match .	The weather cleared up and they left the park .	The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home .
1	His car was damaged in a car accident .	Mandy was looking for a mechanic .	He looked through the phone book for a reliable mechanic .	Mandy found a shop owned by Oriel .	Mandy decided to hire Oriel as his mechanic .
0	There was a huge war .	The titans were against the crapes .	The titans were winning .	The crepes were severely losing .	The titans defeated all the crapes .
3	She told me she found them in the living room .	I was having trouble finding my comfortable slippers .	I looked everywhere for them .	I found them on my wife 's feet .	Finders keepers , she told me .
1	I needed to summarize my data .	I was using excel .	I did n't know how .	My friend recommended I use a pivot table .	I used a pivot table and it worked great !
3	My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these .	A lot of things were supposed to happen today at my house .	I was expecting our bed to be delivered .	The run down shed was supposed to be removed at my landlord 's expense .	Not surprisingly , no one ever showed up .
2	Cheryl lived alone and had no pets .	Cheryl woke up in the middle of the night .	She thought that she heard a noise downstairs .	She could n't find her cell phone on her nightstand .	Cheryl hid under her bed until morning .
0	I used to work on Mechanical Turk	I hated captcha codes .	I could never seem to type them correctly .	One time , I missed ten captcha codes in a row !	Amazon decided to ban me .
4	Clem 's wife smacked him , and everyone stopped laughing .	Clem made a silly face at his baby .	His baby laughed with glee .	Clem made a sillier face .	His baby laughed some more .
0	I just finished reading The Silkworm .	It is a mystery written by the author of the Harry Potter books .	She uses the name Robert Galbraith .	This is the second of three mysteries .	I enjoyed the book and might buy the third mystery .
0	Henry was tired .	But he had to finish his homework .	He stayed up until 4 AM to finish it .	But the next day , his teacher forgot to collect it .	And Henry did not want to upset the class by reminding her .
1	Both of his sisters and his baby brother thought that was cool .	Eric 's dad was a Baptist preacher .	Eric hated being a preacher 's kid .	Every Saturday he would try to devise a way to get out of church .	Every Sunday he would be sitting in the front row despite his efforts .
1	He wanted to see the old castles and ruins .	Neil was traveling in Bulgaria .	He took a train to Sofia and took tours from there .	In a few weeks , he had seen a dozen ancient castles .	Neil was blown away by the beauty of Bulgaria !
4	I had been on the same flight as the International Noise Conspiracy !	I was waiting at baggage claim in Stockholm .	I kept seeing large items go by with INC painted on them .	They seemed to look like instruments .	I noticed a group of young men come and collect the items .
2	Someone walked up to her and offered her money .	Tracy was lonely and wanted male attention .	She went out one evening in a very short and tight dress .	Tracy gladly accepted and walked away .	Tracy was perplexed when the man ran after her in anger .
3	He stepped out of his comfort zone and added fruit to his cereal .	Mel ate the same cereal for breakfast every day .	His mother teased him for his routine .	Mel admitted he was getting tired of the same thing over and over .	His mother rolled her eyes , since it was still the same breakfast .
4	Although she was excited , she cried a little as he drove away .	Amy and her dad arrived at her dorm .	She was excited to be leaving home .	While her dad moved slowly Amy quickly unpacked the car .	Once her things were in the room he said goodbye and left .
3	He took a little book out of his backpack .	Beau started kindergarten a few months ago .	His mom was amazed at how much he was learning so fast .	One night at bedtime , he announced he was going to read to her .	And read it to him mom .
3	She quickly told the kids to disperse .	Victoria was a teacher and was watching the kids play .	Suddenly she noticed the kids huddled on the field .	She went to investigate and saw a snake in the grass .	Then , she called animal control .
2	Only when she got very angry or excited did it start to slip through .	Ann had an accent that registered to many as lower class .	She painstakingly trained herself to alter her natural accent .	Eventually Ann grew to resent concealing her full identity .	She decided to go back to speaking like her normal self !
2	Hey mom saw the cracked dish .	Bob was washing several dishes .	But he accidentally dropped one of them .	And he was not allowed to wash dishes again .	But Bob was glad .
4	To Milly 's relief , all her students were kind and friendly !	It was Molly 's first day as a teacher .	She hoped her students would like her !	At first the class was loud and raucous .	But then they settled down and introduced themselves .
3	However , the contest judges did not appreciate her skills .	Dolores entered the school 's talent contest .	She displayed her juggling and magic capabilities .	The audience loudly applauded throughout her act .	Dolores was satisfied that she got the third place trophy .
3	He drank the very hot chocolate .	Carson 's mother made him some hot chocolate as a treat .	She warned him to wait five minutes for it to cool down .	Carson could barely wait one minute !	When he burned his tongue , he realized his mother had been right .
3	They hit it off , and it turned out they worked in adjacent buildings .	Oliver heard about career opportunities in the New York headquarters .	He 'd never been to a big city before , so was somewhat anxious .	On his first day in New York City , he met an attractive man .	Oliver remarks , in hindsight , how moving was for the best , after all .
1	He told a lie and said that I took his favorite toy truck .	Yesterday my brother Joey tried to get me in trouble with my Mom .	I was so mad that he blamed me because I did n't take it .	Today Joey found his truck under his bed .	Mom gave him a spanking for lying .
2	One day Mandy snuck a look at it .	Tim and Mandy had been dating for a few weeks .	Tim was always protective of his phone .	She noticed Tim was protective because he was cheating .	Mandy dumped him .
4	Mabel knew she wanted to go again soon .	Mabel wanted to go on a helicopter ride .	She saved her money .	Finally she could buy a helicopter tour ticket .	She excitedly took the tour .
4	Rhonda finally admitted she wanted sushi .	Rhonda and her husband do n't get along .	They disagreed on dinner .	Rhonda told her husband she did n't care what they had to eat .	He knew she wanted sushi .
1	They had been together for five years and no engagement .	Katie was getting mad at her boyfriend Tom .	Katie was getting antsy .	Then to her surprise , tom proposed to her at her favorite restaurant .	Katie was thrilled .
0	Robbie loved going dancing with his boyfriend .	Last friday they tried salsa dancing .	Robbie was a bit nervous because he 's latino .	He felt that he needed to be good or else he would be ridiculed .	Once at the club he loosened up and did great .
3	By the time he was 30 he needed a foot to be amputated .	Donald always had a problem with food .	He was also lazy and never active .	Eventually he grew up to get diabetes .	He died in his early forties .
1	However , she passed with flying colors .	Sue was nervous to take her driving test .	The instructor was impressed with Sue 's skills .	He gave Sue her new license and waved goodbye .	As Sue waved back , she backed up into the mailbox !
1	At first , Sean was winning the game .	Sean and Sara were playing a board game .	Suddenly , Sara blind sided him and took the lead .	They were teasing each other about who would win .	In the end , Sara won .
3	Brent was not able to hunt a deer .	Brent is an avid hunter .	Brent wanted to shoot a deer .	Brent put on his camouflage gear .	Brent went home disappointed .
3	After she got out of the shower , she heard a knock at the door .	Tina was taking a shower .	But suddenly , the hot water turned off .	She had no choice but to use cold water .	She got a letter that said she was months late on her heating bill .
0	Gina had a phone card to make long distance calls .	She used the phone card to call her friend back home .	Her trip out of town had gone longer than expected .	On her first call she got no answer .	She decided she would call back later that evening .
0	Gina hated snow even though she lived in Minnesota .	And outside the snow was falling hard .	Snow was piled high atop her car .	Gina could barely see her white car .	All she could see where the black tires .
0	Jim went to see his daughter 's school play .	He sat in the auditorium with the other parents .	When the lights dimmed , he watched eagerly .	Soon he saw his little girl playing her role .	He was so moved , he nearly cried !
2	But as soon as he climbed down into it , his chest tightened .	Ike 's class was going on a field trip to the Navy submarine .	Ike was thrilled since he 'd always wanted to visit the submarine !	He began to panic , feeling that he was closed in too tightly .	He left quickly , realizing he really did n't like submarines after all !
1	He cut up some potatoes .	Timmy was making french fries .	Afterwards , he put them in his deep fryer .	Oil splashed on his arm afterwards .	Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn .
0	Martin was a violent soccer player .	He would always take cheap shots at opponents .	One day he was fouled really hard .	He complained to the ref but was ignored .	Ever since then he started being less violent .
2	Her boss passes her over for a girl with no experience , just big boobs .	Jll is excited when her boss quits .	She is in line for a promotion .	Jill starts thinking about getting implants .	But her friends convince her to quit her job instead .
2	One day a neighbor told us he thought he saw a rat near our door .	We live in a basement unit in a condo .	The basement level contains the laundry .	I called the property manager and he sent an exterminator .	Luckily we never saw the rat .
2	His life was being consumed by liquor and he hated it .	Joe was a depressed man .	He drowned his sorrows by drinking alcohol .	Joe checked himself into a rehab center .	He now lives a happy and sober life .
2	Jake asked what the problem was .	Jake was out eating lunch .	His food took a long time to arrive .	Jake 's waiter responded rudely .	Jake spoke to the manager about it .
0	Matt was an avid golfer .	Matt invited his friends to join him .	Matt 's friends never golfed before .	Matt 's friends had more fun offroading in the golf cart .	Matt scoffed and laughed at the same time at his friend 's behavior .
1	His mom always got a clown for his birthday .	Robert hated clowns .	But one year he told his mom his hate for them .	She promised to never get another one but his dad did n't know this .	To his despair , his next birthday had a clown present .
2	Kim 's sister was upset there was silly string all over the walls .	Kim bought her nephew a silly string toy as a gift .	The whole family laughed as he chased his brother around the house .	As Kim cleaned the string she found it stained walls with flat paint .	Her sister yelled for an hour when she found out .
3	Gina and her friends told her all they knew .	Gina and her friends were at lunch .	The school bully came to their table and sat down .	She wanted to know about the brand new desk in their classroom .	Gina hoped the bully would bully the boy who had received the new desk
2	But we decided on one that was bigger and cheaper .	We went to a number of stores looking for a new TV .	We looked at new 4k ones .	We made our purchase and then took it home .	We were very happy with it when we set it up .
2	At one moment , a large ostrich appeared on the road .	The family got packed and headed on the road to Georgia .	Since most of the trip was through several forestland , we were nervous	It would n't stop moving around .	I tried to take it out of the road however , it was chasing me .
2	She decided she wanted a dog .	Jess loved animals .	She had a pet cat and bird .	She got a dog named Fido .	One day Fido ate the pet bird and Jess cried .
3	The dog turned and ran straight at Jack .	Jack was walking home from school alone .	A large Rottweiler stepped on the sidewalk and looked at him .	Jack froze and hoped the dog would keep walking .	Jack ran faster than he ever had all the way home .
3	Jamie looked online .	Jamie wanted a new phone .	She kept asking her husband , but they did n't have enough money .	One day , her husband said that they had enough .	She chose one and ordered it .
2	It was everything we could have dreamed of .	I decided to go on a cruise .	I booked a trip for my wife and I for a four day Bahamas cruise .	Alas , when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise .	We decided to book another one !
3	Instead , he mixed one in his daily protein shake .	Ben was working on building muscles .	He read that raw eggs would help him a lot .	He tried to swallow one , but it was disgusting !	Ben found that that made the eggs much easier to swallow !
2	He went and bought fancy tiles for the floor .	Ken decided to tile the floor in his bathroom .	He was sick of his old wooden floor !	He spent all day laying them down .	Then he stood back and surveyed his work with pride !
4	Sue had burned the cookies .	Sue was baking sugar cookies .	She had a batch in the oven .	She then had to take her dog out .	She came in the house and the oven was full of smoke .
2	He told us to come by his home , because he had two left .	My mother wanted a new dog .	We called a gentleman who was selling Scottish Terriers .	When we got there , we realized the dogs were quite attached .	We ended up taking them both home !
3	They found a spot with a good view .	Lulu heard that there was supposed to be a super moon .	She wanted to see it with her boyfriend .	The two walked to a neighborhood park .	When the moon came out , they enjoyed the amazing appearance .
0	Martin and his older brother Jim went to the amusement park .	Martin was afraid of heights .	Martin agreed to go on any ride except for the roller coaster .	Jim offered Martin $ 50 if he would ride the roller coaster with him .	Martin enjoyed the ride so much he rode it 10 times that day .
3	He put his lancet in the machine .	Herb was recently diagnosed with Diabetes .	He checked his blood sugar for the first time today .	He pricked his finger with the lancet and started to bleed .	He recorded his glucose level
3	Eventually , he called a repairman .	Larry noticed that his faucet was n't working .	So he tried to fix it himself .	He ended up making the problem worse .	But it would have cost half as much if he never touched it .
0	Billy 's cat got stuck in a tree .	He went to his neighbor to ask for help .	His neighbor got a ladder out .	Hot neighbor climbed the ladder and got the cat .	He gave the cat safely to Billy .
0	Riley had always heard that Argentina had delicious food and wine .	He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself .	On his visit he tried a lot of terrific food .	Unfortunately , he became sick on the last day of his visit .	Despite his sickness , Riley considered this the trip of his life .
1	We had not done this in over five Year 's .	Last Saturday we went to dim sum in Chinatown .	We went to Chinatown and ordered several dishes , plus tea .	My wife was disappointed , as there were less dishes than in the past .	We still enjoyed the experience and left stuffed .
2	He cared very much for the people he protected .	There once was a soldier named Colson .	He was a good man .	He went to war to protect them .	He came back home and lived a good long life .
0	Edna and Jessie were at the mall together .	Suddenly Edna lost track of Jessie .	She searched everywhere for her , but could n't find her .	She was about to give up .	Luckily , she noticed Jessie outside talking on her phone .
2	She waited for over an hour , but her date never showed up .	Sally was very excited for her blind date .	She dressed up very carefully for her date and arrived early .	Sally decided to stay at the restaurant and enjoy herself .	She met a lot of cool people and was glad her date never showed up .
2	He tried to save up money several times but could not .	As a child Paul 's family took a vacation to Washington state .	From that day on he wanted to move there .	Many years later his mother passed away and left him $ 30,000 .	He was finally able to relocate to Washington .
1	The captain had heard reports of German submarines in the area .	The boat was filled with passengers as it crossed the Atlantic .	He decided to continue on when they were struck by a torpedo .	Everybody clambered onto lifeboats .	Because of quick action , everyone survived .
0	I was about to go on space mountain for the first time .	I was nervous .	As I sat on the cart , we started zooming .	We twisted and turned very fast .	I started to feel sick .
4	Afterwards , she got out and thanked the instructor .	Today was Jill 's first day of scuba diving .	As soon as she was submerged in the water , she was fascinated .	Not only did she see many fish , but she came across several plants .	She remained in the water for 1-2 hours .
2	When he got home , he opened the can .	Drew went to the grocery shop .	He bought a can of Ravioli from a canned goods sale .	There were several worms inside .	He immediately threw it away .
0	Greg went on a diet but he did n't lose weight .	He started exercising too .	He lost a few pounds .	He exercised even more and lost more weight .	Greg was really excited about the weight he lost .
0	Brad can never find the remote in his house .	Whenever I go over there to watch a game we search for hours looking .	I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it .	He never listens to anything I say so he wo n't do that .	Next time I 'm there I 'm just going to bring a remote .
4	She then ate the best pizza of her life .	Jessica was utterly famished after soccer practice .	She walked to the store and bought a cool drink .	This was n't enough however , and so she had an idea .	She would go out for lunch to a pizzeria .
1	She did n't own a topper for it , though .	Megan had recently put up her Christmas tree .	While she was out she saw a pretty one .	She bought it and brought it home .	Unfortunately it was too tall combined with the tree and would n't fit .
3	After a minute , it began to rain very hard and we all rain inside .	My friends and I were preparing to watch a meteor shower .	We brought blankets and snacks outside to the yard .	While we waited for the meteors , we noticed clouds all over the sky .	It ended up raining all night , and we missed the meteor shower .
4	In the shower later I found out they were lotion .	I went to the store to buy bodywash .	My wife and I looked for a long while .	There were a lot of different options .	We found some well priced items and bought three bottles .
0	My cousin Becky and I used to be very close .	The other day I texted her with an anecdote that reminded me of her .	She responded by telling me she hated me because I do n't contact her .	I snapped at her for being so rude .	Becky is not speaking to me anymore .
1	He flew to Philadelphia for a show .	Kevin was a super-star comedian .	In a restaurant he met Duane , a teenager trying to be a comedian .	The teenager started telling jokes like he learned from Kevin .	But Kevin was offended and punched the teenager on his face .
2	There was no television in the house .	Lucas just sat at home watching South Park all day .	One day , his parents forgot to pay the monthly cable bill .	Lucas went outside for the first time in weeks .	He felt immensely happy having the sun beat down on his face .
1	At a party her friend throws , she noticed a new kind of nut .	Florence loves to try eating new food .	Her friend told her that they were called Macadamia nuts .	Florence tried a few and thought they tasted good .	When she went home she was happy to have tried something new .
3	He actually won the grand prize .	Larry loved his grandmother .	He often took her to play bingo .	He was convinced into playing once .	It made for a fun story for him and his grandmother .
1	Anytime she 'd see a lonely dog she 'd offer it a home .	Patricia loved rescuing strays dogs .	She 'd clean them up and get rid of their fleas .	Once they were well enough , she 'd find them a new home .	It made her happy to create these friendships .
3	It was his time to make a move .	There he was poised to make a run for it .	He knew he might get caught , but he did n't care .	He looked left , then right , then left again .	He bolted off of first base and slid into second , he was safe .
4	Unfortunately Sam could n't keep paying to build the pool .	Sam paid to have a pool built at home .	He figured he made good money and his family would like it .	Sam was downsized at work .	He had to cut back on expenses .
2	But one day , Tim decided to microwave pizza .	Tim was forgetful .	So his parents told him to never use the microwave .	After he walked away from the microwave , he went to bed .	Later , he opened the microwave and saw pizza that never got cooked .
4	The entire bathroom had been flooded .	Jay called in a local plumber to take a look at his broken toilet .	The plumber started working , taking the toilet apart .	Unfortunately , he forgot to turn off the water supply .	Within minutes , there was water everywhere .
0	People who knew Doug found it hard to believe he was a grandfather .	But he was a grandfather and he proved it Easter Sunday .	His daughter had a church date with a friend .	She did n't want to take her eight month old daughter .	So Doug kept his daughter 's baby , fed her and played with her all day .
2	He saw many churches and cathedrals .	Neil had just arrived in Turkey .	He set out to explore the city of Antioch .	Then he had an excellent lunch of street food .	Neil really loved Antioch !
2	They informed her that she had missed a payment .	Jordan woke up to her electricity shutting off .	She panicked and called her electric company .	Not only that , but she was being charged a late fee .	Jordan did n't have enough money for the fee , so her power stayed off .
3	Jan realized the intercom was powered on !	Roy was at a staff meeting that was soon to close .	As everyone peeled out , Roy stopped Jan .	He told Jan a big secret about his hatred of their boss .	The whole office , including the boss heard the secret !
0	Kelly was excited to get a new handbag .	She searched everywhere for a black bag .	She was very particular .	She finally found a Marc Jacobs bag at Bloomingdales .	She immediately picked it up .
1	They hated it so they moved again to New Hampshire .	Brady and his wife moved to New Jersey .	They settled in New Hampshire and lived there for twenty years .	After they left New Hampshire they tried New York .	Brady and his wife lived out their lives in New York .
1	She was so excited that every morning she would get up .	A little girl planted a garden in her backyard in the spring .	Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care .	She would water them , she would weed them , and even gave them shade .	And by fall she had the biggest garden she ever had .
3	They built snow men and igloos .	There was a big snowstorm .	The next morning school was cancelled .	All of the neighborhood kids came out to play .	The next day they were sad to have to go back to school .
3	When it was released , he went straight to the music store .	Drake was excited about the new cd coming out .	He waited impatiently in his room .	He could n't keep his mind off of it .	He bought 100 copies .
1	They started competing to see who could go the highest .	Bree and Vanessa were swinging in the park .	Vanessa went so high she was basically horizontal .	Unfortunately , this caused her to fall off the swing .	She hit the ground and broke her ankle .
1	She wanted to something to do to pass the time .	Gina had been waiting on the principal for 15 minutes .	She got up and started towards the door .	She was stopped by the receptionist .	Gina was n't allowed to leave until she had seen the principal .
1	It was his first home purchase so he was nervous .	There was a man buying a house .	He wanted to make sure it was n't in bad shape .	His friend teddy said he should hire a home inspector .	He was very glad he hired one because he found lots of issues .
3	He gave them all the beer in stock .	John got hired at a circle k .	He was working the night shift .	Someone came in to rob him .	They got away .
4	Clara texted her sister a very angry message about the party .	Clara 's niece was turning 3 on Saturday .	Clara called her mother and asked if there was a party .	Her mother said that there was , but Clara was n't invited .	Clara asked why , her mother did n't know .
3	A nurse offered to to take him to pick out a toy .	Alex had to have a vaccination for school .	When he received the shot , it hurt him badly .	He began to cry inconsolably .	Alex chose a stuffed animal and started to feel better .
1	He went to the shed and got out his ax .	Joe hated all the cars that drove by his house .	He found a large tree by the side of the road .	He chopped away at the trunk .	The tree fell and blocked the road .
4	He told his boss he 'd be there in fifteen minutes .	Joey had to choose between hanging out and covering a shift .	He was on his way to a movie when the boss called .	He wanted Joey there as soon as possible to cover April 's shift .	Joey could have said no , but he decided it was his duty to show up .
4	He realizes that not all cats are jerks .	Tim hates cats .	But he finds out that his new girlfriend has a cat .	Normally he would not date someone with a cat but he really likes her .	The cat wins him over .
3	I called my bank and they told me I had a problem to work out .	I needed to buy a new part for my computer .	I went on the internet and found the part for sale .	While trying to buy the part , my card had issues .	I fixed the issue , and then bought the part with no problem .
1	He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor .	A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus .	The ticket taker pitied the boy but could n't do what he wanted .	The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money .	The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look .
2	I always get the veggie pizza .	One of my favorite pizzas is from whole foods .	They have the best pizza .	Whole foods charges a small amount too .	I picked some up yesterday .
3	On his first day , Horace has many customers who order coffee .	Horace had always dreamed of owning his own coffee shop .	He takes out a small business loan and finds a open retail space .	He works very hard to design a modern look for his coffee shop .	He is very proud that he has finally opened a coffee shop .
3	He sold the ring and used the money to travel to France .	A plumber was fixing pipes in an old and historical house .	When he removed the trap under a sink a diamond ring came out .	He did n't tell anyone what he found that day .	His dream was to see the sewers of Paris .
0	Adam loved to eat ice cream .	He ate it every night .	He gained a lot of weight .	Adam then could n't get a girlfriend .	He stopped eating ice cream and got a girlfriend .
4	The next day , he returned to work .	Tito woke up with a headache .	He called in sick to work .	Then he took a few aspirin .	Soon he was feeling better .
2	Her grades started to slip and she was always tired .	Pat usually got good grades in school .	This year she played on the basketball team .	Her parents told her to fix this issue .	She managed her time better and brought her grades back up .
3	When Allie tasted the chocolate , it melted in her mouth .	Allie was excited to go to the chocolate factory today .	Allie and her friends walked into the factory with extra large grins .	The factory worker gave the girls some delicious candy .	Allie and her friends left the factory with full bellies .
1	Upon further inspection , she found the seal was poor under the sill .	Erin noticed a cold draft coming through her window .	She got in her car and went to the local hardware store .	The salesperson helped her pick out a tube of silicone	She followed the instructions and the draft was eliminated .
0	Hank dreamed of being successful .	He thought of himself having a good job .	But he made no efforts to become successful .	Hank realized he did n't do anything all day .	But he had no motivation to make his dreams a reality .
0	Joel 's doctor said he had to eat healthier .	Joel was sad because he thought he 'd hate fruits and veggies .	But his wife cooked them up for him and he tried them .	Joel could hardly believe his taste buds .	He discovered that fruits and veggies were delicious !
2	I pulled over my car to look through them .	I drove home from work .	On the side of the road I saw some boxes .	It was mostly junk .	I sorted out the stuff I wanted and put it in my car .
1	May knew the girl was sad .	May was driving home with her granddaughter Lucy .	The boy she liked liked another girl .	May offered to take the girl to get ice cream .	May knew it was serious when Lucy declined .
1	He knew they would take his wife 's side .	Jake had to tell his parents he was going to get divorced .	He was right .	He finally had enough .	He told them they could marry her , if they loved her that much .
2	One day my wife was parking her car in the condo lot .	We had new neighbors in 1996 .	It was a family of four - two parents and kids .	The father said he fixed dents , and fixed her car for free .	We were grateful .
4	We were proud of ourselves and had a great day .	My husband and I went to the San Juan Islands for our honeymoon .	We took our small boat and fishing equipment .	One morning we went fishing for salmon .	We saw orca whales and caught 8 salmon !
1	His wife gave birth to a boy in September .	My wife 's nephew became a father last year .	We visited the baby in the hospital .	They named the baby Matteo .	We found the name to be interesting .
0	Tim had a dog who loved his ball .	Tim would throw his dog the ball all the time .	One time time Tim through the ball and it went down a storm drain .	The dog and Tim tried to get the ball but could n't reach it .	Tim bought his dog a new ball so they could play again .
0	Johann decides he wants to make dinner .	He sees that he has kale in his cupboard .	He begins to cook the kale , but becomes distracted by the television .	When he realizes his distraction , his kale is overcooked .	Johann is disappointed that he has overcooked his kale for dinner .
1	Before she left , her boyfriend gave her a nice notebook .	Emma had to go away for a few months .	She read it all within her first week gone .	Then , she started adding to the journal .	When she got home , she gave him the journal to read .
0	I play violin and carry my instrument everywhere .	One night in college I took my violin to a local bar .	I had a few drinks and accidentally left the violin .	My parents received a call at 2 am that my violin was found .	I went to the bar to retrieve the violin .
1	His mom said it was okay as long as Will 's mom approved .	Matthew really wanted to have a play-date with Will .	Matthew called Will 's house to ask .	Will 's mom explained that Will was n't home .	Matthew spent the rest of the day moping .
0	Alice was sitting on the couch when she became hungry .	She got up and walked to the kitchen .	She put bread in the toaster and waited .	She started to smell something burning .	Alice opened the toaster to burnt bread .
1	Two days later we left to make the eight hour drive to Los Angeles .	My Aunt found out she had stage four lung cancer .	Six and a half hours into the drive I received a phone call .	At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier .	She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye .
1	He would always be paranoid in his house because of this .	Arnold was scared of roaches .	He thought roaches were hiding in his house .	One day he got up from bed for a glass of water .	He saw a giant roach in his kitchen wall .
4	Jon gave up slamball in frustration .	Jon loved to play slamball .	But , it was n't popular where he lived .	He decided to start a slamball club .	No one joined .
3	She was nervous as the judges tasted all the cakes .	There was a cake competition on Saturday .	Erin worked all week perfecting her recipe .	The day of the competition , she decorated her cake carefully .	When they called her name as winner , she was so happy .
3	I was scared to death and did n't know what to think .	My great uncle died .	It was my family 's first death and I was disturbed .	At the wake , I saw my first dead body .	The funeral was even worse , because it was so final .
2	They happily went out into the warm summer sunshine .	Gabe , Nate and Joe were brothers with a ton of energy .	Because of their antics , their mother asked them to go outside .	They played tag and kickball for hours .	When they finally came in , they were exhausted !
1	She saw other kids playing and longed to join them .	Susie was feeling lonely in class .	She asked them if she could play alongside them .	They rudely told her no .	Susie went home feeling even lonelier than before .
3	Shelby did her best at tryouts .	Shelby wanted to be a cheerleader .	Tryouts at her school are soon .	She practiced very hard .	She made the team !
1	He was at a stop light when his car suddenly jolted forward .	James was driving his car home from work .	He had been rear ended by a large pickup truck .	James passed out as his car spun around .	He woke up in the hospital .
0	Earl had a bag of bread in his hand .	He was feeding ducks at a pond .	Most of the ducks were calm , but one was pretty aggressive .	When he would feed it , it ran towards him , quacking .	It chased him all the way to his car .
0	Chris had spent so much time playing Mario .	He would always think of it .	Sometimes he would invite friends to join .	He wondered if he would ever beat it .	He finally did but then decided to start over once more .
1	She wondered if he liked her enough to marry her .	Julie was impressed that Ricardo liked her , he was rich .	One day in Ricardo 's mansion , he told Julie to be open minded .	Then he said she would never be his only girlfriend .	That answered Julie 's question about is he 'd marry her .
2	She went to bed .	Helen hung up the stocking on the railing .	She left cookies and milk on the table .	The next morning the cookies and milk were gone .	And someone had put presents in her stocking !
3	She soon became his girlfriend .	Bill had just got a new job .	He was anxious about starting it .	On his first day , he met a beautiful woman that he talked to .	He totaled forgot about his nervousness , and focused on her .
4	Peanut is not hungry anymore .	Peanut was a hungry pitbull .	He decided to stare at the humans while they ate supper .	They did not like Peanut staring at them with his big brown eyes .	Becky gave him a snack out of the fridge .
3	She asked where he was .	Louis was very concerned when his mother did n't show up for lunch .	He waited and waited but no mom .	Finally he called her .	She was waiting at a different restaurant !
3	In the end Kate decided to turn the offer down .	Kate was invited on a cruise by an older man .	She was flattered but felt worried .	She had never gone on a cruise before but did n't like him .	Kate told the man and he was sad but accepted .
0	Todd was walking his poodle in the park .	His poodle got loose from her leash .	Todd chased his poodle across the park .	His poodle finally got tired out and fell asleep in the grass field .	Todd carried his poodle on his shoulders back to his car .
2	He tried to anyway on Friday .	Dylan had never drag raced before .	His friend told him it was a bad idea .	He lost horribly and was humiliated .	Now he listens to his friend more .
3	They drank and hand fun .	Al 's girlfriend was a hard worker .	Last week he planned a relaxing night at home for them .	He picked a movie , made some food and got some wine .	It relaxed her and put her in a good mood .
3	We sell the cattle for money .	We had seven cows .	My dad bought two more .	They both had one baby last week .	Now , we have eleven cows to sell .
0	Jo went up to the rooftop to work on her tan .	She spread a blanket on the tar roof and nodded off .	When Joseph Seph Seph Eph awoke , the air was cold and the sky was darkening .	Jo went to leave , but the door to the rooftop was locked .	The landlord heard her pounding and found Jo shivering on the roof .
0	Ali was on the bus going to the museum with her class .	her friend June talked to her about the trip .	All Ali could think about was the bully who gave her a mean scowl .	The bully would be at the museum as well .	June assured Ali she was being paranoid and suggest she relax .
3	Finally , she found one that she wanted to visit .	Wanda went to church every Sunday religiously .	However , one day , her pastor started making rude comments .	Wanda was so upset that she looked for another church .	Wanda really enjoyed her new church and everyone was kind .
1	Cindy could not figure out why .	The bath tub stopped draining one day .	She decided to undo the drain .	When she did she found clumps of her hair .	The tub now drains just fine .
0	Tracy 's cat was named Bob .	Bob had fleas .	Tracy went to the pet store to get flea medicine for Bob .	The pet store was out of medicine .	Bob still has fleas .
4	Ro was glad she had agreed to go .	Ro 's dad invited her to play golf .	Ro had never played before .	She agreed even though it sounded boring .	To her surprise , she had a good time golfing with her dad .
2	While driving on the highway he runs over something and gets a flat .	Arin was driving his new motorcycle	He was really having a lot of fun on his new bike .	He pulls over to the side of the road and waits for help .	Help arrives and helps him fix his flat .
1	Unfortunately , Meg was n't very good at softball .	Meg wanted to be on the school softball team with her friends .	Her friends helped her practice every day for a month .	The day of tryouts came and Meg 's friends cheered her on .	Meg made the team !
3	I ended up getting him in a choke hold .	I entered the auditorium very nervous .	I waited for the first couple matches to be over with .	Me and my opponent wrestled a great match .	He tapped out .
1	He was n't good enough last year , but this year 's be different !	James was trying his hardest to make the football team .	He trained for hours .	James made great progress .	James ended up making the team !
3	That night she dreamed of the burrito .	Everyone told Beth how great Chipotle was .	One day a co-worker offered to pick up a burrito for her .	Amy ate the burrito and was unimpressed .	Amy ended up eating Chipotle for 5 days straight .
0	Macy needed a prom dress .	But she had no money !	Then her mom offered a solution .	She let Macy borrow her old bridesmaid 's dress .	Macy loved the gorgeous new `` prom '' dress !
1	A song came on that was once a favorite that she grew tired of .	Amy was driving to work listening to the radio .	She let the first few lines of the song play waiting for nostalgia .	After 1 minute she turned the radio off .	She was still sour on the song after all this time .
4	Tim decided to never play in the grass again .	Tim was playing in the grass .	He fell and hurt his knee .	He started to cry .	The doctor said it would heal in two weeks .
0	Jane was cleaning her boyfriend 's room .	She was going to throw away some old shoes .	He told her not to .	He had them for many years .	Jane understood that they held sentimental value .
2	She had found other things to occupy her time .	Gina had been reading a book at the library .	She had n't been back for a week .	Now she was bored again .	She returned to the library to finish reading the book she 'd started .
4	Harry realized the rat brought the plague and flushed it down the loo .	Harry brought a rat to London one day to be his pet .	After a while , Harry and members of his family got sick .	Boils appeared over their body .	Harry 's baby sister fell very ill and died .
4	It became such a mess Mikey decided to leave .	Mikey was eating out with his family .	His mom complained that her meat was undercooked .	Mikey tried to stop her , but she began berating the waiter .	Other people noticed and scolded her .
0	Sam 's kitchen was so messy and needed to be cleaned .	Sam started by washing all of the dishes .	Then , he cleaned all of the counters and appliances .	Finally , he swept the floors .	With the kitchen clean , Sam was able to relax .
4	After a few hours the room was no longer cool .	Gina woke up at noon to discover it was another hot day .	She decided she would stay in the basement all day .	She opened the curtain to let the light in .	It was still too dark , so she turned on the overhead light .
3	Then , one friend went in and opened a back door for them .	Pete and his friends wanted to see a movie .	Unfortunately they did n't have enough money .	Instead , they bought one ticket .	Finally , they were able to watch the movie together .
4	Jake found his dog sitting in the shelter and he was relieved .	Jake went outside to feed his dog .	When he got outside his do was nowhere to be found .	Jake began searching the neighborhood but had no luck .	He decided to check the local animal shelters .
0	It was starting to get cold outside .	The Smith family was chopping firewood this Sunday afternoon .	They brought in a few bundles of firewood inside their home .	They made a warm and cozy fire in the fireplace .	The Smith family was able to stay warm throughout the entire winter .
0	Sarah was diagnosed with cancer 4 Years ago .	It was time for her yearly checkup .	She was nervous .	When she went , she got a good report .	She was cancer free .
3	The skippers could not agree on whose nets to cut .	Two fishing trawlers got their nets tangled together .	The crews tried and tried , but they could n't get the nets apart .	It grew clear that one net would have to be cut to save the other .	The only solution they could agree on was cutting both , to be fair .
3	In the morning , Nora 's mom found all the jars had broken seals .	Nora was delighted to try her grandma 's sweet pickles .	Her grandma packed a box of pickle jars for Nora 's mom to take home .	Nora 's mom put the jars on a shelf .	Nora found the last jar she opened was sweet instead of sour pickles .
1	The person on the intercom asked what he wanted to order .	Drew stopped his car in front of the drive Thru window .	He ordered a chicken sandwich .	When he moved towards the front window , the lady appeared .	She gave him an ice cream .
2	Ben got his suit ready and made sure he had everything he needed .	Ben had an interview for a promising job .	He prepared throughout the week for the interview .	He woke up early on the day of the interview to rehearse his answers .	Ben aced his interview and got the job .
1	She sneered at us for being such worrying wussies .	Carol mocked us for how silly we looked in our safety gear .	Carol strutted to the sabre saw and twirled it in her hands .	She made a great show of how she was n't wearing her safety goggles .	Now she does n't need to .
4	She felt like such a mature young lady now !	Anne was eight Year 's old .	She was so excited for her holy communion !	She wore her lovely dress .	Then she took her communion .
4	Later , Jim picked Michaela up for their date .	One morning , Jim was admiring his crush , Michaela .	He decided that he would approach her .	When he introduced himself , she was very friendly .	He asked her out and they made plans .
1	She shops every time she is stressed .	Zoey loves to shop .	She shops when she is happy .	She has a problem .	Zoey is a certified shopaholic .
2	He decided to take the day off from work and play a game .	Tom thought it was a perfect day for golf .	The sun was out and the weather was perfect .	Once there it started raining .	He could n't go back to work so he decided to play anyway .
0	Mary had just gotten a new job .	Today was her first day .	She liked the work a lot .	She did n't like the people , though .	Luckily , she was given a private place to work .
0	I took my daughter to the doctor for birth control .	The doctor felt the best birth control would be the pill .	I asked the doctor if it was safe for my daughter .	Dr Melgar said it is a low dose and would recommend it .	A month after my daughter was on the pill , she was dead from it .
0	Jared was going through his pile of bills .	He placed his water bill in the mailbox and taken my the mailman .	A few days later , he received another bill .	It was a late charge on the water bill .	He found out that the bill was sent to the wrong recipient .
1	Jarvis would spend his days digging for treasure .	Jarvis just bought a new shovel .	One evening , Jarvis found a treasure chest !	Jarvis sold the find to a museum .	Jarvis used his money to travel in search of new treasure .
4	My sister was in great distress and I did not get in trouble .	I was a mean older sister , and one day I had a brilliant meal idea .	I called my sister Names , as in , `` Hey , Names , get out of my seat . ''	My sister started crying and told my mom I was calling her Names .	My mom said `` I ca n't punish her if you do n't tell me what names ! ''
0	The local amusement park added a new roller coaster .	It was opening for the season at last .	Bill and his friends were eager to try the new ride .	When the gates opened they ran to the new coaster .	They could n't believe how fast it went , riding it ten times that day !
4	Sally was so excited to be back with her friends .	It was summer vacation and Sally was starting to get bored .	She had played at the park all summer .	She had read all of her books .	Her mother told her next week she would go back to school .
2	On the day of the play , they put on their costumes and makeup .	The children wanted to put on a play .	They worked hard for weeks to learn their lines and music .	They sang and danced and performed for a large crowd .	The audience clapped and cheered for the children .
0	Tyler played football with a team .	Today was their big day .	He was nervous but did well .	He scored a touchdown .	Everyone cheered him on .
4	The pretty girl was flattered , and gave Tyler her number .	Tyler was eating alone in the mall .	A pretty girl walked right by him .	Tyler ran after the pretty girl .	He stopped her and started a conversation .
1	But his mother made him take a class in Mexico .	Charles did n't want to be an exchange student .	When he stepped off the airplane , his contact was not there .	He started to take a one hundred and fifty dollar cab ride .	But his contact showed up and took him to campus .
1	She had a bag every day .	Margaret loved potato chips .	Eventually , she noticed she had been gaining weight .	She realized it must be because of the chips .	She decided to start running instead of quitting chips .
4	They all loved the sushi Jessica made .	Jessica loves to eat sushi .	She decided to take a sushi making class .	It was very difficult but worth it .	She decided to test her skills on her family .
0	My doctor said my calcium levels were low .	I decided to drink more milk .	Eventually , my doctor said my calcium levels were almost normal .	Alas , now I had gained too much weight from the milk .	I decided to use calcium supplements instead of milk .
1	This year they visited many homes on Halloween .	Craig always loved taking his kids trick or treating for Halloween .	When his kids were asleep , Craig checked how much candy they had .	He decided to eat all of their Halloween candy .	Craig 's sons never went trick or treating with him again .
1	So they decided to rob a man 's house for fun and profit .	Billy Joe and Bobby Sue were sitting at home with nothing to do .	The man startled them .	And Billy Joe shot him .	Both were arrested for murder .
0	Greg wanted to buy a new stove .	He went shopping at a department store .	He found a stove for a good price .	He bought it and brought it home .	He now has a new stove that he loves .
1	Her teacher is very nice .	Sarah starts a new dance class today .	She learned the teddy bear dance .	Sarah went home to practice the dance .	After practicing , Sarah performed the dance for her family .
0	Chuck was driving down the road .	Ahead were a bunch of signs he was unfamiliar with .	They said a roundabout was ahead .	Chuck panicked and turned around .	He did n't really need to go that way anyway .
0	When I was a kid I built an igloo in the snow .	I played in my igloo all day .	My mom noticed I was missing .	She became concerned that I was lost .	Finally I went inside in the evening and she was relieved .
1	They got invited to ride in the Mardi Gras parade .	The friends went to New Orleans .	They threw beads .	They wore costumes .	It was a memory to last a lifetime .
4	She won a gold medal for her efforts .	Allie was excited to participate in the science fair .	She was competing with her entire grade .	She finally found out she won .	The feeling was amazing .
1	Chad recently attended a spring training game just to see him .	Chad loves Barry Bonds .	Chad got the opportunity to meet Barry Bonds on the field .	Chad was overly excited when he met Barry Bonds .	Chad ensured that he took a picture to remember the event .
2	She mother realized she named her poorly .	There one was a girl named Subtlety .	She had no tact at all .	She changed her name to Tactless .	Now Tactless things always before she speaks .
2	Sam was willing to fly to go there .	Sam was afraid of planes .	Sam had to take a plane to go to Disneyland .	Sam was scared the whole ride .	When he finally landed he kissed the safe ground .
1	He was listening intently for any sounds .	A hunter was crouching down on the forest floor .	Suddenly a loud cry erupted beyond the foliage .	It was the mating call of a buck .	The hunter bolted up and ran to the source of the sound .
4	It ended up tasting really bad .	The other day I went to a Japanese shop .	I saw mochi and wanted to buy some .	I bought some green tea flavored ones .	Back at the hotel I tried it .
3	Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream ball and shook it .	Walt wanted some ice cream , so he went to the store to get some .	When he got to the store , he saw the best invention he had ever seen .	It was a ball that would make ice cream when you shook it !	When he opened up the ball , he ate his delicious ice cream .
3	Later , when we were cleaning the fridge , we found a fuzzy green thing .	We bought a block of delicious cheese .	It got put in the back of the fridge .	Everyone forgot it was there .	It was the cheese , which had gotten moldy !
0	Lou 's mother 's birthday was approaching .	He wanted to do something nice for her .	Lou had no money to buy a nice gift .	He decided to bake his mother 's favorite pie for her .	She was very pleased with the delicious pie .
1	Jay added lights to his and painted it bright red .	On one street , the neighbors competed over who had the best mailbox .	His neighbors complained that the lights were too bright at night .	In a bitter move , Jay added even more lights to his mailbox .	Now it could be seen from the far end of the street .
1	At first she wondered why everyone drank tea all the time .	Ella went to study in England for a semester .	But as she stayed there longer , she got used to it .	She even found herself drinking more tea .	At the end of the semester , Ella drank as much tea as any Brit !
0	I decided to make breakfast for my mom and dad this morning .	I made my favorite cereal as soon as I got up for my family .	My mom and dad slept in and the cereal sat for an hour .	When they got up they were very happy to see they had breakfast ready .	They told me next time they will make breakfast and I could sleep in .
1	He went to a website to find one .	Michael needed a new friend .	He soon met a guy named Jeff .	Jeff was really mean .	Michael regretted ever meeting him .
4	Vick has n't eaten meat for over 10 Years !	Vick used to love to eat meat .	One day he saw a terrible video .	It showed animals being abused for food .	Vick decided to never eat meat again .
4	Tim apologized and ran to his room .	Tim was upset at his roommate .	He was too wimpy to say anything .	Instead he acted passive aggressive .	His roommate confronted him about it .
1	He had a doctor look at it .	Paul 's leg was in severe pain .	The doctor said he had a terrible infection and needed an operation .	Paul woke up from the surgery and seen his foot had been amputated .	He became chronically depressed because of the amputation .
4	He answered it and was surprised to hear from his grandparents .	Will greatly missed his grandparents .	His grandparents had moved to another state for warmer weather .	His grandparents did n't own a cell phone at the time .	One day , Will got a random call on his cell phone .
0	Randy stood at the mound during a baseball game .	He saw that the next player at bat was not very good at hitting .	Randy taunted the player with a soft lob of a pitch .	The player swung hard and missed .	The crowd roared with laughter at the terrible display .
3	They were fed up and kicked him out .	Remy was staying with his friends parents .	He was n't supposed to but he kept sneaking his girlfriend in .	One day , they caught him in the act .	Remy left and tried to find a new place to live .
3	However the next day Kelly went into her room .	Kelly really wanted the new iPhone .	She begged her parents for one .	They said no .	She saw the iPhone on her bed .
0	Tara slammed the front door behind her .	The force of it shattered the glass .	She gasped in shock at what she 'd done .	Her parents raced in from the next room .	Instead of yelling at her , they hugged her , glad she was okay .
0	I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 1996 .	She was bragging about a grocery delivery service .	She said they were out of stock on Cheerios .	I left a bag of Cheerios by her door with a fake note .	She came running down to tell us , only to find I tricked her .
3	Rajesh asked what a trailer was .	Rajesh was a new employee at a call center .	He called a woman in Tennessee .	The woman said she could n't pay for her trailer .	The woman knew then that he was n't really from Vermont .
0	Harley found a cat in her yard .	Harley asked around , but no one knew who the cat belonged to .	She kept the cat and made a cozy bed for it .	The cat appreciated Harley 's kindness .	Now , the cat and Harley keep each other company and enjoy their days .
2	Richard forces himself to start the survey .	Richard is dreading this 3 hour survey .	He knows he needs to get started .	It goes much faster than he thought .	Richard is proud of himself for completing it .
0	Gina 's library was having books mailed from another location for her .	It would take 3 days for the books to arrive .	Gina had a report due in 5 days .	She knew it would be tight .	But she had no choice other than to wait .
1	She separated her clothes into separate piles .	Alice had no clean clothes left .	She gathered her dirty laundry and went to the laundromat .	At the laundromat she realized she had no money to pay .	Alice loaded the clothes back in the car and went to the bank .
2	He knew every answer on the show and set a new record .	A gameshow trivia host worked the same gameshow for 30 years .	He auditioned in disguise for another trivia game show .	He celebrated too hard at his win and his disguise fell off .	The audience gasped as he ran off with his prize money .
3	To her surprise she spilled some and burned herself .	Kelsi was cooking some tomato sauce on the stove last night .	She took a metal spoon and tasted the sauce .	The sauce was perfect .	Thankfully she had some aloe Vera nearby to heal it .
3	The receptionist looked at me and told me I was there a day early .	I had an eye doctor 's appointment .	I arrived right on time .	I signed myself in and gave my insurance .	I was embarrassed and always double check my dates now .
2	I had to walk nude to the closet .	I was taking a shower .	When I finished , I realized I forgot to grab a towel from the closet .	I dripped water all over the wood flooring .	The wood became moldy and I had to repair it .
4	I had to send it back for a replacement .	My speaker box came through the mail .	I immediately opened it and tried to set it up .	When the music was playing from it , the quality was good .	During the next day , it was n't working .
2	She grabbed a bottle of chili powder and added some to the pot .	Liz made some homemade chili .	After tasting it she decided it needed to be spicier .	She tasted the chili again but this time it tasted abnormally sweet .	She looked at the bottle and realized she accidentally added cinnamon .
2	I hit the popcorn button .	I wanted some popcorn .	I placed it in the microwave .	When it was done , I smelt something burnt .	The popcorn had over cooked .
2	He finds a bunch of guys playing and decides to join one team .	James realizes he has n't left his home in days .	He decides to go to the park to see if anyone is playing baseball .	They play very hard but in the end the other team wins .	James is still happy that he has at least left the house .
0	Ben was working out yesterday .	He dropped a forty-five pound plate on his foot .	He had to go to the emergency room for a fractured foot .	Ben 's operation cost a ton of money .	He ca n't wait to go back to the gym , though .
4	Thus , I got a hernia .	I decided to go to the gym .	I deadlifted a barbell .	It was too heavy .	Thus , my back bent .
3	During one summer , Jared noticed he was growing .	Jared was under five foot tall .	He dreamed of being taller .	Years passed and Jared got older .	Jared now stands at six foot tall .
1	They were taking turns telling each other what things they would see .	Ginny and Todd were looking up at the clouds .	Ginny saw things like hearts and bunnies .	Todd saw dinosaurs and ufos .	Before they knew it the sun was going down .
4	I am glad she is at least open minded about it .	My aunt was against using vaccines .	She thinks they might not be safe .	Whenever we talk we discuss the issue .	She says she will look into it further .
2	We left it where she could find it .	I think my cat is addicted to catnip .	We put some on her favorite cat toy .	We found her going crazy over that toy .	To this day , she cleans that thing .
0	Tom was walking home from the grocery store .	He was approaching his house .	He heard a small cat making a sound .	He approached the cat .	He pet the kitten .
4	He used it correctly but pushed too hard and a deep cut opened !	Reggie walked in on a group of people who were cutting themselves .	He had never been in such a situation but wanted to seem ok with it .	Hanging out with them he decided to try it for himself .	He could n't get the razor to cut and was told that it was upside down .
0	Logan loved to knit .	He made socks for each of his siblings .	They were so happy to receive the socks .	They wore them every day .	Logan felt accomplished because they had loved his socks .
3	Suddenly , she spotted a bug in her noodles .	Lucy was making macaroni .	She had added all of the ingredients and was letting it cook .	She was in the middle of stirring the pasta .	She was disgusted and threw the whole thing out .
3	Lucy asked her grandma where you would leave one .	Lucy and her grandma were going grocery shopping .	Her grandma bought her groceries from Byerly 's .	At the store there were no carts in the parking lot .	She was shocked to find a person brings your bags to your car for you .
2	There , he visited a war memorial and a museum .	Neil was traveling in Vietnam .	He took a train into Saigon .	He loved learning about Saigon 's history .	he had a great time on his educational trip .
0	Joan started a diet eating only salads .	She felt proud eating her salads as co-workers ate fast food .	Joan expected the pounds to fall off .	When she stepped on a scale , Joan had actually gained weight .	Then she looked at the calorie info on the salad dressing label .
1	Peter 's parents told them to be asleep by midnight .	Steve had a sleepover at his friend Peter 's house .	They decided that they would sneak out of the house after midnight .	They were out past curfew and a police officer found them .	Peter 's parents were awoken by a cop at the door with Peter and Steve .
4	The fan worked very slowly but it worked .	Tim stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel .	He only had one for his body and not his long hair .	Tim looked for a hair drier but it was broken .	He sat in front of a fan to dry his hair .
3	Keri had always been too afraid to go up in the loft .	Keri 's cousin invited her to the farm to see her new kittens .	When Keri got there , her cousin took her to the barn .	The kittens were up in the loft with the mama cat .	Keri kept her eyes on the kittens as she climbed up .
3	Ava was shocked !	Ava was skiing one day .	She had been out on the slopes for hours .	Coming in , she saw that her face was burned .	She had n't known she could burn in the winter .
0	Julie decided to go out for a walk .	While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles .	She pulled one down to get a closer look at it .	It was a flier for a missing dog with a reward .	During her walk Julie found the dog and returned it to it 's owner .
2	I was excited !	I had been waiting for the seventh Star Wars film for many years .	Finally , it was one day before the release date .	Alas , my mother died the day of the release .	Therefore , I was too sad to see Star Wars .
2	I decided to do wrist circles with 20 pounds of weight .	I was a skinny man .	I wanted muscular forearms .	After a few months , my forearms were muscular !	Alas , I did n't work the rest of my body so I looked weird .
4	Peter was finally able to afford a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet .	Steven wanted nothing more than a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet .	He was very poor and could not afford one .	He decided to make a plan .	He saved all of his money for 5 years .
4	Bobby got in trouble for not being careful .	Bobby was wearing his white dress shirt for church .	He had a cup of red fruit punch in his hand .	When he tripped it splashed all over his white shirt .	His mother shook her head , saying it was going to stain .
2	A very pretty cat named Olympia was available , so we went to see her .	Our kids were always asking if we could get a cat for a pet .	We looked at the local shelter website to see the available cats .	The kids , as well as my wife and I , fell in love instantly .	Olympia is now a part of our family !
2	I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them .	My mom used to take me school shopping each August .	The year before 4th grade she surprised me with a pair of loafers .	One school day my mom made me wear them to school .	I was the only student that sat on her feet in the hall before class .
2	She wondered if it would be pricey .	Anna heard a weird noise from her car .	She took it to the mechanic to get checked out .	But the mechanic said it would n't be .	He said Anna 's car would only cost $ 90 to fix !
1	She decided to skip putting gas .	Margo was running late for work .	She did n't have enough time to stop .	Four blocks from work her car stalled out .	She was even more late than had she stopped .
1	He had the best grades in his class .	Andy was an excellent student .	He had many scholarships .	His parents was very proud .	He brought great happiness to his whole family .
0	Lacy loved hiking in the wonderful outdoors .	She decided that she would climb a mountain .	She trained hard .	She picked a date .	Finally , she conquered the mountain much to her own surprise .
1	They needed to upgrade systems .	They started working on a conversion process .	They met with all of the vendors .	Then decided on the best one .	They then made the best decision for the company .
3	He picked it up every time it rang .	Adam had a job interview which went well .	The interviewer said he would call Adam the next day .	Adam waited by his phone all the next day .	But it was never the interviewer .
4	I bought a car from the dealer .	My car broke down .	I was tired of fixing it all the time .	I decided to get a new car .	I went to the dealer .
4	Soon he was back to eating chips !	Ricky loved to eat chips .	When he got a cavity , he could n't eat them without pain .	Finally he made a dentist appointment and got the cavity fixed .	Within a day , all his tooth pain was gone .
1	He decides he needs to buy something warmer to wear .	Marco notices that the weather is getting colder .	He sees a terrific winter cap at a local shop .	Although the price is more than he wants to pay , he buys it .	Marco is so glad to have a cap for the warmer weather .
1	She wanted to know why Kim was telling lies about her and Ben .	Amy marched over to the table Kim was sitting at .	Kim insisted she only spoke facts .	Amy grabbed Kim 's brownie , and threw it in the trash .	She walked to her table as Kim watched in a stunned silence .
3	He started working and saving his money .	Dave was homeless and hated it .	He went to Safeway and applied for a job .	The next day he learned that he got the job .	Dave still is homeless because he spends that money on alcohol .
1	He did not want to go by himself .	Jimmy has plans to go to the car auction .	He asked his wife to go with him .	She agreed .	Jimmy was very happy that he did not have to go alone .
1	Then one day her little daughter Sal approached her .	Emma had smoked since she was a teen .	Sal begged her mommy to quit smoking .	Emma was so touched by Sal 's plea .	She vowed to start chewing nicotine gum that very same day .
1	When he got to the store he immediately ran to the chocolate .	Kevin was excited to take a trip to the candy store and could not wait .	Kevin grabbed the first chocolate bar he saw and took a bite .	The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it .	At the end of the transaction , Kevin spent about $ 50 .
1	She decided to see a shrink .	Karen wanted to make life better for her and her family .	In their first session , Karen did all the talking .	In their second session , Karen asked what is she paying for ?	Her psychiatrist told her she was neurotic and needed to be stopped .
1	He looked everywhere for it .	Fred could not find the television remote .	He searched his house like crazy .	Finally Fred found it under his pillow .	Fred was relieved .
3	He tried his best every time he played .	Dan started playing volleyball in the summer .	He thought it would be good exercise .	He played for three months , twice a week .	In one summer And lost twenty pounds .
4	The editor read her article and loved it .	Amanda got a job writing for the school paper .	She was given her first article .	She was so nervous and scared she would mess up , but wrote it anyway .	She turned the article into her editor .
3	I fixed the weak spot in my fence .	Today one of our cows got out of the pen .	I chased after the cow on my truck .	I was able to move the cow back to the pen .	I hope no more cows try to test my fence .
2	Alas , his chest would n't grow .	Jon wanted a bigger chest .	He decided to do pushups every day .	He decided to do the bench press instead .	After a few months , his chest because huge and muscular .
2	They went outside , and got Zoey 's bike out of the garage .	Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike .	She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother .	Zoey loved spending time with her mother .	She learned how to ride her bicycle and bonded with her mom .
2	After my brother got the ball , I ran after him .	My brother challenged me in a football match with our friend .	My friend had the ball and tried to pass it to my brother .	I ended up falling on him .	His arm became broken .
3	He seemed to have no success , until the day finally arrived .	Pat loved to lift heavy weights .	For weeks he could n't lift more than 200 pounds .	He trained for weeks and weeks trying to go heavier .	Pat broke his record and lifted 210 pounds !
3	Pam won several rounds of bingo .	Pam loves to stay home instead of going out .	Her friends convinced her to go out for bingo night .	Pam grudgingly agreed and they went to the local casino .	Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo .
3	She ran out into the hallway in her pajamas shouting .	Every night Carrie was woken up at midnight .	There would be a loud slam and a bang in the hallway .	One night she decided to confront the stranger .	The stranger just ignored her and walked away .
4	Dan 's dad told him that it was okay and they went home .	Dan and his dad went to the forest to go hunting .	The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal .	All of a sudden , the duo found a deer for Dan to shoot .	When Dan was supposed to shoot , he broke down crying .
4	Donna is great at her job .	Donna is a personal trainer .	She is working with a client to lose weight .	Her client struggles initially .	But her client ends up reaching her goals .
3	She tried to wash it with hot water .	Tina bought a face cream for her sister .	Since her sister had a bump on her arm , she put the face cream on it .	A few days later , a rash formed around the bump .	It increased in size .
3	Sue was jealous when her new roommate unpacked a zebra bed-in-a-bag .	Sue 's mom took her shopping before she moved into the dorm .	Sue wanted a leopard print bed-in-a-bag , but her mom said no .	She reminded Sue that her grandma had made her a patchwork quilt .	But the roommate touched the patchwork quilt with quiet reverence .
4	It was both of ours first kiss .	She was my first girlfriend .	We had met on a cruise ship .	We were hanging out in a secluded room .	I leaned over and kissed her lips .
1	One quick peek confirmed that a skunk was trying to get our food .	We had just settled into our tent when we heard rustling outside .	I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk .	Thinking that something was coming out of the bushes , the skunk left .	Luckily , our food was safe and no one got sprayed !
0	One by one , the students grabbed trays from the dining hall .	They slipped them under their shirts or behind their backs .	They snuck out of the dining hall , unnoticed .	The students used them as sleds on the snowy hill on campus !	The next morning , they returned all the trays in good condition .
2	I looked for something to do .	I woke up and saw a very gray sky outside .	I looked online and saw that school was cancelled .	I found a new video game online .	I bought the game and played it all day .
1	He was really scared he was going to do bad .	Jack was taking an important test .	He had a bad feeling about his answers .	The next day the scores were handed out .	Jack was instantly relieved to see he got a 99 % .
4	Thankfully , the police arrested him a few hours later .	I turned on the television .	There was a breaking news update .	A murderer was on the loose in my neighborhood .	I became terrified and started to cry .
3	The budget was too low for a professional to do it .	The Addams family did n't like their old bathroom .	They devised a plan to do a bathroom renovation .	A budget for the renovation was set .	So the Adam 's family decided to do the bathroom renovation themselves .
0	Reid needed to buy his girlfriend a stunning birthday present .	He headed to the mall and searched all over .	A PS4 was out of the question .	Victoria 's Secret seemed a little too suggestive .	Finally , he opted for a gift certificate to her favorite nail salon .
2	Finally she buys a beautiful new swimsuit for her trip .	Rhonda has been ready to take a beach vacation for months .	She has been going to the gym to lose weight .	She packs all of her things into her bag and she is ready to go .	Rhonda ca n't wait until that airplane takes off .
1	They asked me where the nearest restroom was .	I was at the post office and met two tourists from Germany .	I gave them directions to the nearest store three miles away .	They thanked me and headed out the door .	As they were leaving , I bid them farewell in German , and they smiled .
4	Jerry is hopeful that he will feel better by then .	Jerry ate Chinese take-out last night .	Today he woke up with a stomach ache .	Jerry is n't the kind of guy to let a small illness keep him down .	Tonight he plans to attend a concert with his girlfriend .
3	He bought the iphone when a promotion came up .	Joe needed a new phone .	He looked online for reviews of different phones .	Joe liked the features of the iphone .	Joe received his phone and was very pleased .
3	After some time , she found a lovely dress .	Kerry had a party to attend .	She was so worried about what she would wear .	She went to her favorite boutique and looked around .	She bought the dress and wore it to the party .
0	I once wanted to have a pet frog .	A purple frog would be the perfect pet .	My friends laughed and said that frogs can not be purple .	I looked in several books and found out there really are purple frogs .	I enjoyed telling my friends that they were wrong .
0	Frank wanted to start a comic book .	He drew many funny pictures .	His friends loved it .	They shared it with their other friends .	Frank became famous and made millions of dollars .
3	After Mike and Ann got their new bed they slept better also .	Mike and Ann bought a new bed for their son .	The bed was so comfortable that their son never awoke til mornings .	The couple decided they should buy a new bed for themselves .	It was the best purchase they had made in awhile .
4	Robbie felt lonely and sat down to cry .	Robbie was confused by his homework .	He asked his mom for help .	His mom told Robbie to ask his father .	His father told him he was busy .
4	Jeremy ran an amazing race and was so happy he did it .	Jeremy really wanted to compete in a Tough Mudder race .	He had never done such a hard race and was afraid of how it would go .	He started going to Boot Camp every day and got really buff .	By the time the race came up , he had bulked up considerably .
0	It was a stormy day in Seattle .	Collin had gone out to buy his wife a new coat .	Collin made the purchase and was leaving the store .	As he was walking to his car a gust of wind blasted past him !	His wife 's coat was ripped out of his hands and flew off into the sky !
4	Scooter seemed very happy to have his bone back .	Cindy was playing in her backyard with her dog , Scooter .	She saw Scooter digging very anxiously at the ground .	Scooter had found one of his old bones that he had buried .	Cindy smiled and helped Scooter dig it out .
4	They gave Stacy a lead part for the play 's choir .	The school Christmas play was approaching fast .	They were having tryouts for a week long .	Stacy decided to try out for the choir in the play .	She sang very well at her audition .
1	But she decided to do it and get it out of the way .	June hated doing laundry .	She threw it in the washer , then dried it .	She folded everything and put it away afterwards .	June felt so much better knowing it was all done !
2	They played Frisbee for hours .	Matt and Sara went to the beach .	They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth .	They laughed and chatted as they played .	They both had a great time on their beach trip !
0	Ryder had been practicing baseball all summer .	At Fall tryouts he did his best .	The coach selected him for the team because of his great swing .	The team won the first game because of Ryder 's home run .	Ryder was so glad he practiced .
4	Kayla had to call a tow company to remove it !	Kayla was driving in the woods one night .	Suddenly a deer dashed into her path .	She swerved to avoid it .	Kayla 's car struck a large tree .
2	The two said hello .	When Kelly was at the store yesterday she ran into someone .	As it turned out it was her teacher .	Then Kelly realized she had a project due tomorrow .	She immediately ran home to do it .
2	At night he heard thumps coming from the attic .	Brian was staying with his grandma for the summer .	He had never stayed with her before .	One night he ventured upstairs and looked around .	Brian discovered a nest of baby squirrels .
4	About one if a hundred people got really excited over it .	Emily worked late nights at the local McDonalds .	She liked to experiment with the food she served .	Sometimes she gave people 1 extra pickle and see if they noticed .	Usually they did not .
2	She needed to cover up before she caught a cold .	It was a very cold night .	Becky was shivering from the cold air .	She wrapped up in her favorite blanket .	Becky finally got warm .
0	Bob applied himself and learned accounting .	He started doing his own taxes .	Some of Bob 's neighbors asked him to do their taxes , too .	Bob wanted to please people , so he gave it his best shot .	The IRS came after Bob for some honest mistakes he 'd made .
2	THEY BOTH SLID INTO THE GUARDRAIL .	SARAH GOT INTO AN ACCIDENT ON NEW YEAR 'S EVE .	SHE SLID ON THE HIGHWAY AND HIT THE CAR NEXT TO HER .	NO ONE WAS HURT	BOTH CARS WERE TOTALLED .
1	He decided to learn how to write python code .	Gunther had heard that coding skills were in high demand .	At first it was very difficult , but eventually he learned mastered it .	Soon after learning python , Gunther was hired by a local company .	He was very happy that he had learned to code .
4	Fred still loves peaches , but just not as much .	Fred looks forward to peach season every summer .	This summer he eats more peaches than ever .	However , one of the peaches makes him feel a little ill .	Fred goes home with an upset stomach .
2	There was a lot to choose from and he was unsure .	Mark was n't feeling very well .	He went to the pharmacy to get some cold medicine .	Just then the pharmacist came and offered help to Mark .	Mark got the medicine he needed and felt better in two days .
0	The Zimmy family loves animals .	So they decided to go to the zoo .	They went to the zoo as soon as it opened .	They stayed at the zoo all day until it closed .	The Zimmy family enjoyed the zoo very much .
3	His family decided that he would be score keeper .	Tim 's family had a game night .	Tim lost every game .	He felt like crying .	Tim was no longer sad .
4	The party ended , and her friends went home .	Sue set up a small little area for a balcony party .	She put a table and chairs on the balcony and added food and drinks .	Her friends came over , sat on the balcony , ate and drank , and chatted .	They played music and laughed and had fun .
3	The teacher was particularly impressed by her natural talent .	Today was Mary 's first day of piano lessons .	The teacher came over about 1 O'clock .	Mary aced her first lesson and was very happy about it .	The teacher will come back tomorrow to give another lesson .
3	She inflated the pool in her front yard and filled it up .	Carly was excited to swim at the local pool .	When she arrived , she found that it was empty .	Carly went to the store and bought a small inflatable pool .	Carly 's pool is now the envy of all her neighbors .
0	The guys in the Navy division called Mike a comedian .	The things Mike did , however , were not funny .	Yesterday , as the crew ate on the beach , Mike had an idea .	He took off in their helicopter .	Next , he landed the helicopter on the beach and ruined their meals .
4	Luckily , he learned his lesson and improved his ethics .	I was working when I got a call from the mall .	My son was caught shoplifting .	The mall decided to press charges .	My son went to prison for one month .
2	She stayed in Madrid for a few days before heading out to explore .	Nell had always wanted to go to Spain .	As soon as she could afford it she booked her ticket to Madrid .	Her explorations led her to walk the Camino de Santiago .	Two months later she flew back to the United States a happy woman .
2	He works hard and has a varying schedule .	My friend works at McDonald 's .	He gets paid next to nothing an hour .	They refuse to give him full time .	He does n't know what to do about the bills .
2	As soon as the concert started she was in heaven .	Kelly was excited to attend a one direction concert .	She won VIP passes and she could n't wait .	At the end of the show she got to meet the bandmates .	Just as she thought , they were super nice .
4	Bob did what it said and now his computer will boot up again .	Bob was frustrated that his computer system was n't working .	When he went to boot it , it gave him an error message .	Bob researched on the Internet for many days .	A post told him to disable one of the problematic system daemons .
4	In the morning they packed up all their gear and went home .	Carson invited two of his friends on a canoe trip .	They drove to a large river in the forest .	They canoed all day long .	At night they pitched a tent to sleep in .
4	He got an email from his coach saying they added a practice .	Noah had track practice two times a week .	The week of Easter they cancelled track on Monday evening .	Noah was worried he would not be ready for the meet .	He was going to run by himself at least once this week .
3	And then , when he least expected it , he met a woman .	Joey was very insecure about himself .	He was born with birth defects , and his club foot was amputated .	He was very sure that he would end up alone and bitter .	They fell in love , and married a few years later .
2	Hanna 's parents exhorted her to keep patiently watching .	Hanna 's parents took her on a whale-watching expedition .	Unfortunately , there did n't seem to be any whales out .	Hanna decided to play games on her phone instead .	Her parents were sad when Hanna missed the glorious whale sighting !
1	He had an important appointment to keep and he needed help .	He moved rapidly along the walkway and into the building .	The woman met him and explained quickly what was happening .	He was amazed by what she told him and excused himself quickly .	He had to get home and he had to find help .
3	It only took him 3 Years to pay it all off , but then it was all his !	Mike envied the powerful new Tornado class vacuum cleaner .	He did n't make enough money at his job to buy it outright .	Mike started paying for it on an installment plan .	To Mike 's chagrin , the vacuum broke the very next time he used it .
2	Her mom stayed with her and took her to the doctor .	April was not feeling well when she woke up .	She stayed home from school .	The doctor gave her medicine to make her feel better .	The medicine worked and she went back to school the next day .
1	I fell in love with the Star Wars movies .	I seen the first Star Wars movie when I was ten .	I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie .	A new Star Wars movie is coming out at the end of 2015 .	I 'm going to wait in line for a week before the premier .
0	Amy was at the end of her rope with her dorm mate Sue .	She decided since they had to live together to try and get along .	Amy and Sue had a conversation to work out their differences .	Sue seemed to understand why Amy was upset .	Amy left that day confident she and Sue were going to get along .
2	I asked my husband if he knew where my shoes were .	I woke up for work and could n't find my shoes .	I looked under the bed and in the closet .	I sat down on the couch to think for a minute .	On the couch cushion I found my shoes and was able to go to work .
4	Amy left the store upset with the deception .	Amy was buying new athletic shoes .	She looked online to get prices before going to the store .	When she arrived she found the shoes were $ 30 more than online .	The cashier explained online prices are often cheaper .
1	He decided to hold up a bank .	Boris needed money .	He used a fake gun .	The police officer at the bank realized the gun was fake .	The police officer shot Boris and arrested him .
3	My parents did not tell me right away .	When I was five my brother had a sore throat .	My parents took him to the doctor .	He stayed in a hospital and had his tonsils taken out .	I had trouble sleeping until my brother came home .
1	At the airport she left it on a plane .	Sophia had a stuffed monkey .	She was very sad .	Her mom and dad talked to an employee .	They were able to get it back for her !
2	But then saw the cutest puppy and wanted it .	Sally went to the pet store the other day .	She was going to get a fish .	Her mom told her she could n't just the fish .	Sally now has a goldfish named Puppy .
4	Looking right at them were three sand crabs , startled by the light .	Bobby 's father grabbed a flashlight .	They headed down to the beach in front of their hotel .	The walked onto the sand .	His dad turned on the light .
1	They bought large plastic tubs and filled them with water .	Brad and his dad decided they would make giant ice cubes .	They then put them outside in the winter .	When the water froze , they brought them in and had large cubes .	The ice cubes were too big for their glasses .
3	He stays there for a week .	Ray takes a trip to paris .	He has never been there before .	He visits the Eiffel tower .	It was the best trip he 's ever taken .
3	The lawyer there told her he 'd left her $ 25,000 !	Mary was invited to the will reading of her uncle .	She had not known him well .	She went to the reading anyway to show respect .	Mary was thrilled with her newfound riches !
4	Jim brought the stew and he and his friends at it while they worked .	Jim and his friends had been working all day in the winter .	Everyday , they would be trapped indoors with no food .	One day Jim thought to bring food for his friends and him .	He cooked a big stew all night since they could never go out to eat .
2	He saw that there was a deal on crabfish so he got a basket .	Mike was starving and went to get seafood by himself .	He went to a new place on the pier .	It was amazing and he ran home to tell his wife .	The next day they went there and it was closed !
1	She looked in the cupboards but there was n't much to work with .	Beth wanted a sweet treat , but did n't want to leave the house .	She decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before .	She mixed up the ingredients and put them in the oven .	To her delight her basic sugar cookies were delicious .
0	I tripped going to work the other day .	It was right at the entrance .	I decided to roll with it and start dancing after .	Everyone thought it was funny	I was still ashamed but not nearly as much .
3	I fell asleep so hard that I missed my stop .	Today I took a train to meet my friends .	The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep .	I tried to take some sleeping pills to help me sleep .	I called my friends and bought a new ticket to meet up with them .
3	He rushes to the sound and realizes it is a person drowning .	Roger is a lifeguard .	He spends his day watching and protecting people on the beach .	One day he hears a scream from the distance .	He saves the person and brings them back to shore .
0	Ari was so shy that he had never asked a girl for a date .	One day his friend Sophia asked him for one !	On their date , she confessed that she 'd always loved shy , quiet boys .	For once I did n't feel ashamed of his timid nature !	He and Sophia became a happy couple !
0	Jacob was excited for his first soccer game .	He was nervous because he wanted to win .	The game started with Jacob as the goalie .	The opponents shot the ball several times .	Jacob saved all of the goals and won the soccer game !
0	Gina needed a second job .	She wanted to work close to home .	She applied at hotels , banks , and stores .	She was confident she would receive an offer from one of them .	After 2 weeks she had n't heard back from any of them
0	Bill woke up early one day .	He decided to make breakfast .	The sounds and smells woke up all his roommates .	They all wanted food too .	Bill wound up making them breakfast as well .
0	Will had fallen , and was paralyzed .	He 'd been in a wheelchair for the better part of his life .	One day , his doctor told him about an experimental surgery .	Will prayed on it , and decided to undergo the surgery .	It was a successful miracle , and Will could walk again .
4	Beijing was easily his favorite city in China !	Neil took a train into Beijing .	There , he saw the sights .	He went to the many temples scattered throughout the city .	He also ate the traditional Asian meals they sold on the street .
4	Sarah still enjoyed watching the show later , though .	Sarah was binge watching a new show .	She wanted to see all of the first season .	Unfortunately she fell asleep in the middle of it .	When she woke up she got lots of spoilers .
2	The girls dribbed the ball around and scored in the opposite goal .	Monica was excited for her very first soccer game .	She got together with her team and gathered on the field .	By the end of the game , Monica 's team won in pride .	The coach handed out trophies and Monica smiled in delight .
3	He successfully installed the rung .	Mike was running out of closet space .	Mike decided to install a second rung for clothes .	He bought the supplies from the hardware store .	Mike realized that he did n't have enough coat hangers .
3	The boy held the toy while his mom payed for clothes at the register .	A small boy was in a department .	He walked to the toy aisle .	He played with a small action figure he saw .	His mother found the toy in the car but did not return it .
0	John was a very wealthy man .	He lived in a nice loft downtown .	He had to have some construction work done in his loft .	He left his Rolex watch on his nightstand .	After the construction workers left he noticed his Rolex was missing .
2	I decided on getting pizza hut .	During a movie night , I was craving food .	I did n't know whether I wanted pizza or chinese food .	I got the number and ordered my food .	Twenty minutes later , my food arrived at my house .
2	Ethan only felt a poke from the needle .	Ethan went to the dentist to have his tooth pulled .	The assistant let him watch TV while it happened .	After it was done , Ethan asked to keep the tooth .	He and his mother went to Dairy Queen to celebrate .
0	The bell rang signalling it was the end of the class .	Amy was feeling comfortable about her first day in junior high .	In the hall she saw her friend Beth .	She ran over and hugged her .	The girls caught each other up on their day before heading to class .
1	They were volunteering for the Easter party that day .	Paige and her mom arrived at the E Free church early in the morning .	They signed in and got their lanyard and a free t shirt .	Then they were given their assignments in the game room .	They set up their game and waited for the kids to arrive .
3	At the register he paid with his credit card .	Sam was at the office supply store to buy pens for himself .	He tried out all the pens on display to see how they felt .	He decided to buy a set of 20 gel pens that were blue .	To sign the receipt he used one of his new pens .
2	They were expensive , but he really wanted them .	Johnny had been saving his money for a while .	He had his eye on a new set of sneakers .	He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money .	When he finally bought his sneakers , he was so excited .
2	They stopped by a local ice cream parlor .	William was out with his girlfriend .	It was a hot day , and they wanted ice cream .	The pair bought a couple scoops of ice cream .	They enjoyed the treat and continued walking together .
4	He is happy to have broken his expensive coffee buying habit .	Carson has always bought coffee at the local shop before work .	He realizes that this is an expensive habit .	Carson decides to start making coffee at home each morning .	At first his coffee is n't very good , but he gradually improves .
2	He tweaked his resume .	Jack had been working super hard for weeks .	He learned there was a promotion at his work .	He sent it in .	He got the promotion .
2	Her son had had another nightmare .	Mary was sound asleep in her bed .	She was woken by the sound of muffled crying .	She rolled over , so he could climb in next to her .	She spent the night trying to sleep with an elbow poking her side .
3	This was a bad idea .	Sally is a homemaker .	She wants to earn money .	One day , she decided to join a pyramid scheme .	Sally still is n't making money .
2	At night , someone lit candles in all of the lanterns .	My friends and I went to an art festival in a nearby city .	There were garlands of paper lanterns strung everywhere .	It was so pretty .	Afterwards , everyone got to take a paper lantern home .
1	All the students nodded in agreement as he talked about the mirrors .	Jaden was doing a lecture at an university about mirrors .	One young man stood up and proved him wrong about his lecture .	Jaden was immediately silenced and then agreed with the man .	The two ended up friends .
1	There was an accident on the highway .	The traffic was backed up tonight .	It caused a traffic jam in the city .	I was late to practice .	I need to leave earlier .
1	One day he tried creamer in his coffee .	John always drank his coffee black .	He loved it alot so he tried sugar in it as well .	When John went to the dentist , he had cavities .	John uses creamer only in his coffee now .
1	After we got married we asked her to go to dinner with us .	I met my sister in law in 1981 .	She was very shy and said no , but changed her mind .	We had dinner with her at Victoria Station , a steak house .	It became her favorite restaurant .
3	He realized he loved the game !	Ray wanted to get closer to his dad .	His dad loved golfing , so Ray started to accompany him .	Soon he was golfing like a pro .	Ray remained an avid golfer all his life .
2	She was n't sure if she agreed with her own .	Sura was raised a Buddhist .	She decided to explore other religions .	But after researching many other faiths , Sura paused .	She realized that she did agree with Buddhism after all .
2	He graduated but could n't find a job .	Sam wanted to become an actor .	He went to acting school .	Sam met his future wife in the unemployment line .	Sam ended up being happy without being an actor .
1	Finally he made some friends who shared his dream .	Mason had always wanted to pick apples in Vermont .	They drove together to Vermont one fall day .	Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day .	He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true .
3	Thankfully someone had turned the wallet into lost and found .	Mike went to the grocery store to buy some milk .	When he tried to pay he realized his wallet was gone .	He looked everywhere in the store for it .	Mike was happy he had his wallet and his milk .
2	That night I heard a squeal .	On January 10 , 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven .	I put a sticky trap under the oven .	I went to kill the mouse , but it had escaped .	I bought new traps but I never got the mouse .
4	Arriving home in tears , Nelly confessed why she followed her sister .	Nelly 's family moved in the middle of the school year .	Each day , Nelly followed her older sister to and from the new school .	One day , her sister told Nelly to stop following her .	After school , Nelly could n't remember the way home .
2	Albert grew tired of the stories and stopped talking to the girl .	Albert liked a girl that never liked him back .	The girl would date other guys and complain about them to Albert .	She realized what she was missing and told Albert how she felt .	Albert forgave her and the two began to date .
0	The official discussed the last question of the game .	Jason pressed the buzzer since he knew the answer .	When he said the answer out loud , the official declared it wrong .	Afterwards , the right answers was announced .	Jason argued that he said the same answer with a different accent .
4	I had so much fun , I was exhausted !	It was very warm outside today .	Mom decided to take us to the beach .	John and I played in the sand .	We splashed our feet in the water .
0	Kelly decided to go to an art show .	The show was long but worth it .	At we show she found a piece she really liked .	Kelly then decided to buy it .	When she bought it it looked great in her room .
4	Alfredo feels happy now that he has a new stereo system at home .	Alfredo realizes that his stereo system at home is getting old .	He decides to look for a replacement .	Alfredo buys a great stereo system on sale at a local store .	He sets it up at home and it sounds great !
2	Timmy was too busy at work to make time to see them .	Timmy was feeling homesick .	He had n't seen his parents in over a year .	Timmy called his parents on the phone and told them he missed them .	His parents flew over the next day to visit him .
2	After a few months , Tom was the only one taking care of it .	Tom bought a brand new puppy for his family .	They all agreed that they would help take care of it .	He trained it and cared for it all by himself .	Ton liked it though and he grew a bond with the dog .
4	Most of the shops are now gone .	We had only Italian style pizzas in Boston in the sixties .	In the seventies several Greek style pizza shops opened .	The pizzas were thicker .	For a few years we ate only Greek style pizza .
2	After the surgery , she awoke feeling apprehensive .	Mary wanted laser surgery to correct her eyesight .	She was scared of the risks , but eventually she decided to do it .	She wondered if her risky surgery had fixed her vision at all .	Then she opened her eyes , and saw the world in perfect 20/20 vision !
2	He made a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda .	Jimmy 's 4th grade science class had a science fair this year .	He prepared his project on volcanoes .	He meticulously created a poster to explain his display .	He was awarded 1st place at the science fair .
0	Max was scared of penguins .	He hated their attitude .	One day he went to an aquarium .	A penguin was staring at him .	Max nearly fainted .
1	It was rated R , so his mom said he could n't go .	Jimmy wanted his mom to take him to a superhero movie .	Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater .	They sneaked in through a back entrance .	A theater employee found them , and kicked them out .
0	Recently , I was assigned to write a paper for my history class .	I was very busy and almost forgot about it completely .	I did not have enough time to write a good paper .	I wrote an email to my professor and explained that I was very busy .	She took pity on me and let me turn the paper in late .
1	Ziggy 's worried owner takes him to the vet .	Ziggy the dog will lick his paws until they are raw .	The vet thinks Ziggy has OCD .	Ziggy begins to take fluoxetine daily .	Ziggy is less anxious since starting the medication .
0	Josh and Ryan were in in the backyard .	They were digging around the water line .	However , they hit the sewer line .	They caused a huge mess .	They 're mess caused them to have to call the water department .
4	She was arrested .	Mai was dating Adam .	She was very jealous .	She saw a woman leaving Adam 's house late at night .	She got angry and broke all his guitars .
2	Looking at an app on her phone , she compare hotel prices .	Marissa was on a long road trip .	She was getting ready to stop for the night and needed a hotel .	There was one good place with a deal for $ 40 a night .	She decided to go there .
4	Grandma was so happy because that was her first run !	Brooklyn , a one year old toddler was learning to walk .	Her grandma held her hand everywhere .	One day , she became startled as a dog ran up to her .	She ran as fast as she could , and the dog passed her .
0	Jenny 's first piano result was today .	She had practiced and practiced .	However , she was still nervous about playing in front of an audience .	When it was her turn to get on stage she took a deep breath .	And played her song without making a single mistake .
2	Johnny was feeding Nemo one day and realized that the water was dirty .	Johnny got a new pet fish for his birthday .	He named his fish Nemo .	Johnny scooped Nemo out into a bowl .	Afterwards , he changed the water and put Nemo back into his tank .
3	Sarah brought the suspect in for questioning .	Sarah was a detective .	Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman .	She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect .	He confessed to the crime and is awaiting trial .
4	Someday soon I will be at everyone 's level .	If I could go back in time I would play football .	I did n't play it until later in life .	I have so much fun now playing it but I 'm still rusty on the rules .	If I would have played in school I would have learned everything .
1	I had a lot of extra tip money and wanted to spend it .	I finished my a day at my first job .	I drove to the gas station to buy something .	I bought snacks and cigarettes .	I went home and hung out with my friends .
3	At the reunion , he immediately spotted his friend .	Tom was going to his high school reunion .	He was nervous because he had n't see his old friend in years .	They had gotten into a fight .	Luckily , the man approached him and apologized .
0	Tomas is the oldest of a family of eight siblings .	His father taught him from an early age that working hard is important	Tomas often fetched water , fed livestock , and cared for his siblings .	Now that Tomas has children of his own he teaches them the same .	Tomas is proud of his family and hopes to raise respectful children .
1	I came in to greet him and show him where I want to go .	The taxi stopped at the front of my house .	He took an unusually different route that I was n't aware of .	In addition , he dropped me off at an unfamiliar place .	I was told that the school was on the other side , when it was n't .
0	Yesterday I felt very sick .	I lay in bed and watched television but I was hungry .	I made myself some chicken soup .	The soup was delicious .	When I tasted the soup it made me feel slightly better .
1	She was to stay home for 2 days .	Beth was suspended from school for fighting .	Her mother banished her to her room for those 2 days .	Her mother took her laptop , and her phone from her .	Beth sat in the room for 2 days bored .
4	Finally , she dragged all of the bags to the curb to be picked up .	Maria went outside to rake the leaves .	She got the rake out of the garage .	She raked the leaves into piles .	Then , she raked each pile into a large paper bag .
1	Chad and his wife were too busy .	Chad 's kids wanted to go to the zoo .	They asked their grandparents to take them .	They thought that was a great idea .	The kids had a great time at the zoo !
1	He looked at all the guns and ammunition .	Timmy went to the shooting range for the first time .	He picked the one he liked best .	After taking proper safety precautions he started shooting .	He had a lot of fun and wants to do it again soon .
4	When finished , he held a viewing party and his family loved it !	Austin got a new camcorder for his birthday .	He decided to make a video .	He convinced his family members to play roles in the video .	Austin worked hours on editing his video .
0	Arnie thought that he had failed his math test .	He went into class to talk to his teacher .	To his surprise , his teacher informed him that he had passed .	Arnie was confused .	His teacher explained that he had answered an extra credit question .
0	I always hate PE .	When I was in the third grade the class was playing dodgeball .	I was bored in the outfield , so I was spinning in full speed circles .	We were playing on black top .	I tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out , I hate PE .
3	I looked all over for Bob .	I once had a dog named Bob .	Bob was an Irish Terrier .	One day I lost Bob outside .	I found bob playing with the neighbors dog .
3	He read novels instead .	Bill wanted to be a professional editor .	He read books on style and formatting .	He found them dry and boring .	His abilities as an editor improved naturally .
1	He tried to distract himself , but the melody kept repeating itself .	Ray could n't get an irritating tune out of his head .	That night , he turned the radio on and got into bed to go to sleep .	The radio played song after song all night long as Ray slumbered .	In the morning , Ray was relieved to have forgotten the annoying tune .
0	Gina sat on her school bus in a window seat .	She watched as her old friends walked out of the school together .	They stopped at the door and chatted for awhile .	Gina wanted to chat as well .	But she was no longer welcome in the group .
0	I loved garlic bread .	I decided to eat two loaves before my wedding .	At the altar , I leaned in to kiss my bride !	She smelled the garlic bread from my breath and threw up .	It was the worst day of my life .
0	Emily was looking for something in her brother 's room .	Then , she saw that his email was open on his computer .	She decided to send a prank email to his girlfriend .	When her brother found out , he was very mad .	Emily got in big trouble with her mom .
1	Henry was figuring out several questions that he left blank .	The teacher warned the class that they have three minutes left .	He banged the desk since he was confused .	At the final minute , he guessed on all of them .	The teacher asked Henry to talk to him after class .
1	He walked under his apple tree .	Mel walked into his backyard to get some apples .	The branches were too high for him to reach .	Mel shook the trunk as hard as he could .	Several apples fell on to the ground .
0	Justin was laid off from work .	He saw a job posting from the local jail .	Justin was qualified to be a prison guard .	He went through the application process .	The jail hired Justin .
4	Rob and Amber decided to move back in together	Amber and Rob had taken some time apart	Rob went back home to live with his family	Rob had missed Amber very much	Rob had called Amber up and apologized for his wrong doings
1	They always enjoy reading the fortunes .	Ben and Jen love fortune cookies .	When Ben opened his cookie , his was empty .	Jen 's cookie had two fortunes inside .	Jen shared a fortune with Ben .
1	My girlfriend was lying on the sofa under some covers .	I came in from the cold last night .	I decided to get close and touch her with my hands .	She screamed and jumped back .	I laughed and apologized .
0	Jane was having a rough week .	She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood .	She went to the park and fed the ducks .	There an old friend saw her and they reconnected .	She went back to work in higher spirits .
2	However , Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway .	Jane has always wanted to cut her hair in a bob .	Her friends and family tell her that bob haircuts are out of style .	She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut .	Jenny feels very happy with the way she looks now .
1	He realized that he could make a living from motorbikes .	Usman loved motorbikes .	He decided to repair broken motorbikes for money .	He quit his current job and opened up his mechanic shop .	Usman found true happiness in repairing motorbikes !
4	Gina knew it would be a long day .	Gina was at her dad 's mom 's house .	So were her uncles children whom she did n't like .	They pretended to get along .	But there was a lot of tension between them .
3	Josh decided to take a lunch break to recuperate .	Josh was tired of writing so many short stories for his work .	He had written over 200 short stories .	His creativity was running out !	After the break , he felt fresh and ready to write more stories .
3	She then replaced the bandage .	Kelly had an infected wound .	She needed to change the dressing .	She took off the original and it looked gross .	It looked great after .
4	Dan 's cobblestone walkway now is grass free .	Some of Dan 's cobblestones had grass growing between them .	His neighbors commented on how unsightly it appeared to be .	Dan bought some weed killer and poured it all over the grass .	After some weeks it finally started to turn brown and die .
2	Cindy was disheartened that she would n't be able to get her the toy .	Cindy 's daughter had written a letter to Santa .	Unfortunately , the doll her daughter wanted was discontinued .	She went online to investigate the matter .	Cindy was able to find the doll for sale on a website .
1	She had been looking forward to walk on stage for weeks .	Cammy was excited to graduate high-school .	She had a big speech prepared .	On the day off her alarm did n't go off .	She almost did n't make it on time .
4	Now she is his wife and helps him practice Farsi every day !	Jay was Iranian and proud of his heritage .	He decided to learn Farsi to feel closer to his people .	Books were n't enough , so he journeyed to Iran to study .	While there , he fell in love with a beautiful Arab girl .
3	She figured it was from the physical activity .	Amy had drank a cup of coffee and 2 Red Bulls in one day .	It was the most caffeine she had ever had in a day .	After volleyball practice she noticed her heart was racing .	She was scared when it was still racing 20 minutes later .
4	Cornelia is proud that she has finally begun flossing her teeth .	Cornelia has always hated flossing her teeth .	However , her dentist tells her that she needs to floss to be healthy .	She buys floss but at first she can not convince herself to use it .	Finally , after learning about tooth decay , she begins to floss .
0	Rita was having a very difficult time at work .	She was fighting with her coworkers .	She knew that she had to figure something out .	Rita decided to talk to her coworkers about the problems .	Their relationships improved .
1	Her mom helped Lily buy a tank and a few fish .	Lily 's wanted a fish tank just like her friend had .	Lily was n't satisfied because her friend 's fish were much bigger .	Lily dumped the box of fish food in the tank so they 'd grow .	The next day , Lily had to replace the fatally overfed fish .
1	Suddenly he saw flashing lights behind him .	Henry was racing to get to work one morning .	A cop was pulling him over !	Henry pulled over and the cop approached him .	He handed Henry a ticket for speeding !
0	Edward needed to get his baby pampers .	He needed to do it before his girlfriend Martha got out of work .	His friend Richard invited him to play a game .	They played for hours .	Edward was n't able to get the pampers on time .
2	Steve began going less and less .	Steve went to church every sunday .	Steve started having doubts about his religion .	Steve got calls from the pastor .	Steve never returned to church .
1	Someone suggested taking it to a repair place .	Jackie 's vacuum barely had any suction .	She was determined to fix it herself .	Jackie carefully took the pieces apart .	She found a cat toy inside that was causing the problem .
4	When she looked outside there was a fat squirrel eating her tomatoes .	Jill 's tomatoes kept disappearing off the plant on her deck .	There 'd be one ready to be picked the next day .	But when she 'd get up in the morning , it would be gone .	One day she got up extra early .
4	The waiter told her that it was a good choice as he wrote it down .	The waiter asked the guests if they wanted anything to drink .	The customer asked for some wine .	The waiter told them they had both red and white wine .	The customer said that she would like red .
4	Kyle found a new job quickly due to his diligence .	Kyle lost his job .	He got lots of applications from different businesses .	He was determined to find a new job .	He filled each one out and returned it .
0	Billy needed some new shoes .	He went around to a mall in another town looking for the right kind .	After trying on several pairs , he found one he liked .	Asking the cashier to ring him up , he was pleased with his purchase .	Later that night he wore his shoes out to the bar .
4	They met for dinner and were able to reconnect with each other .	Brad 's father had abandoned him when he was 4 .	Brad was now 25 and wanted to reconnect with his father .	Brad was able to obtain his father 's number through the internet .	They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant .
3	But the librarian caught her and told her teacher !	Anna was reading a great book during lunch period .	When it ended , she was n't quite done reading .	She decided to cut her next class and read in the library .	Anna got in trouble for cutting class .
2	One day Dave saw John getting chased by a dog .	Dave 's brother John was always so mean to Dave .	He never let Dave play any games with John and his friends .	Dave stopped the dog and saved John .	After that John was much nicer to Dave .
4	He had to order a bag of potato chips instead .	Ari could n't eat pork .	At the kebab shop , he ordered a beef frank .	But they told him they only carried pork !	Ari was dejected and disappointed .
4	He chopped off his wife 's head with the knife .	The man owned a burger shop .	He lived there with his wife and three kids .	One day he bought a new expensive knife for the restaurant .	He soon became addicted to chopping .
0	Matt wanted to go to Germany .	He decided to learn German .	He bought language books and started reading .	It was really difficult .	He gave up and decided not to go to Germany .
0	Maria is a nascent model .	While working at a car show , someone said they knew a celebrity .	That person took photos of Maria .	Next , the person shared pictures of Maria with celebrities .	A popular rapper invited and then paid Maria to be in his music video .
0	Gina 's jewelry was on her dresser .	But she had no container for them .	Each day she would organize them .	But the next day they were a mess again .	She decided she would get a small Tupperware to keep them in .
3	Simon was by himself .	Simon got out his surfboard and walked across the beach .	The waves were extra large because of a storm offshore .	He had never seen them so big .	He thought it was too dangerous and went home .
2	When he got home that night , he realized he had a terrible blister .	Cory spent the day exploring San Francisco .	He walked a great deal , all over the city .	The next morning , the blister was much better .	Cory decided to wear better shoes for his second day exploration .
1	While we were near the top , my father grabbed his chest in pain .	My brother and father went for a hike up a steep mountain .	He was taken to the hospital by helicopter ambulance .	We drove to the hospital to see how he was doing .	He died of a heart attack because of the difficult hike .
1	About 2 hours in I realized I had to use the restroom .	I got really drunk at the hotel bar .	I began to head back to my room for privacy .	On the way I realized I was n't going to get there fast enough .	As I ran to my hotel I ended up spraying feces down the hall .
3	She was shocked when the jeweler said all her rings were fake !	Nasty Eva was cruel and mean , and very wealthy .	When her husband died suddenly , he left her nothing .	But wicked Eva decided she could still be rich by selling her jewelry .	So evil Eva finished her lonely life in poverty .
4	Finally , the doll came back in perfect condition .	Lily 's favorite doll broke .	Her mom took the doll and sent it into the company .	The company promised to fix the doll .	They had to wait a few weeks .
0	Tim and Juan were playing putt putt .	They were at the 17th hole and the score was even .	Juan really wanted to win .	Tim missed a putt , so he had a chance .	Then Juan missed the same putt so they tied .
3	Over the Year 's , these people became her closest friends .	She was dropped off at college the day after she turned 18 .	Her roommate asked her to go to a party .	She met a lot of nice people there .	They stayed in touch for Years after graduation .
2	Ahead , she saw an endless procession of flowers of every color .	Nell loved to walk in the field behind her house .	One day , as she walked she picked flowers .	Eventually , Nell noticed the sky had darkened .	She turned around to see her house far in the distance .
3	I sat down in the front of the school to wait for my parents .	I missed the afternoon school bus to stay after school .	I walked to the front of the cafeteria for a club meeting .	The notice on the front door said that the meeting is cancelled .	My teacher saw me and offered a ride home .
0	The puppy woke up one morning .	He went outside and played in the warm sun .	Then he was sleepy and took a nap .	Finally , his owner came home and took him for a walk .	Later , he went to sleep for the night happy .
3	She learned the facts and then cast a vote about the defendant .	Neff got a paper in the mail .	She had been summoned for jury duty !	She went downtown and sat in on her assigned trial .	Neff enjoyed being part of the judicial process very much .
2	He was inspired by this person 's kindness .	A man was at the hospital visiting a sick relative .	He met a volunteer who keeps lonely sick people company .	He began volunteering himself .	He felt great about being able to help so many people .
1	Diana picked two people and they immediately walked towards her .	The coach allowed two people to form a team , Stanley and Diana .	However , Stanley picked someone who was stubborn .	She told the coach that she did n't want to join his team .	She also said that Stanley was ugly .
2	Finally he asked his friend Jean to teach him some dance moves .	Carlton had always been afraid to dance with a girl .	He loved watching people dance but he never participated .	After weeks of practice Carlton was a great dancer .	Now he often dances with girls at social clubs .
2	She invested $ 10,000 of her life savings .	Flo made a bad stock investment .	She was informed that orange juice was about to skyrocket .	Flo waited intently for her broker to call her .	Flo eventually learned that she lost her investment due to bad advice .
4	But he was too scared to go any faster .	Bob bought a new sports car .	And he wanted to see how fast it could go .	So he sped down a freeway at 2 AM .	And he reached 140 MPH .
3	What they thought would be a trip of a few hours took them over ten .	Jan and Tom were planning on driving from Switzerland to Italy .	They wanted to see a special shrine , but needed to return immediately .	But they did n't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter !	By the time they made it there , the shrine was closed !
4	Tim never played his music loud again .	Tim was listening to music .	The neighbors complained .	Tim turned the music up louder .	The cops came by to give Tim a ticket .
2	She took the cat to get an allergy test .	Melanie has a cat .	The cat had terrible skin .	The cat was allergic to her food .	Melanie now spends lots of money on a different kind of pet food .
2	She called for her son .	May came home and saw her flower vase broken .	She assumed her teenage son broke it .	He said he did n't know how the vase fell and broke .	May did n't believe him but he swore it was n't his fault .
1	One day he spotted a small rabbit .	Juan worked out in the fields .	It was going toward the machinery .	He ran after it to save it .	He got there just it time and now has a new pet .
4	Now they did n't have to share .	Marge and Ivan were drinking a chocolate shake together .	But Ivan was upset that Marge was drinking most of it .	Ivan said it was his birthday .	And the waiter gave him a free ice cream .
4	Lucy already had a black eye .	Lucy was hit in the face with a baseball .	Her eye was swollen and bruised .	Her grandmother put an ice pack on the eye .	But it was too late .
4	They were forced to apologize .	The boy was frustrated .	He thought his friend was cheating at football .	So he punched his friend .	Both boys were sent to the office .
4	Jimmy was so fast enough helping the racer that he got second place !	Jimmy knew he could do it .	Just a little more and gold would be his .	But , he saw a fellow racer had crashed of course .	He had to help .
2	She thought the date would be a failure .	Ava 's friends set er up on a date with a man they found online .	Ava was hesitant .	She agreed to go anyways .	To her surprise , she really liked the man they 'd picked !
4	Ben did feel guilty about it however .	Ben wanted to stay home and did n't want to work .	He decided to lie to stay home .	He told his boss that he was n't feeling well .	His boss was ok with it and Ben got to stay home .
3	After a hard game , Tim 's team lost .	Tim had a soccer match .	His team consisted of his friends .	The opponent was from another school .	However , they were happy they had fun .
3	In a brief moment , David fell off of his jetski .	David and his friends went to the lake .	They loaded their jetskis into the water .	David and his friends were riding very fast on the jetskis .	He hurt his elbow and had to leave the lake .
1	He knew he wanted to propose , so he spent a long time ring shopping .	John loved his girlfriend very much .	One day , he found the perfect ring , but it was very expensive .	John worked extra hard and after a few months , he was able to buy it .	When he finally proposed , his girlfriend said yes !
0	Amanda always got sick while travelling .	Recently , Amanda heard of a product that could help with her sickness .	Amanda talked about the product with her doctor .	Surprisingly , Amanda was shocked to find that her doctor sold the item	On her next trip , Amanda was happy to report that the product worked .
4	All the men cheered and ran after the ball to do it again .	Three men rolled a giant ball up a steep hill .	They struggled and slowly made it to the top .	Once at the top they gave it a push and watched .	The ball sped down the hill and crashed into a tree .
0	A sports reporter stays at a Marriott Hotel .	The hotel helps a pervert to record video of her nude in her room .	Later a member of the hotel 's upper management is seen at a bar .	He 's showing the video to people , laughing and making fun of her body .	All decent people vow to never stay at a Marriott hotel again .
1	He hated the ritual though , feeling it was tedious and unnecessary .	Luis ' personal trainer always made him stretch before every workout .	So the day he found his trainer was absent , he saw an opportunity .	He jumped straight into his squats without stretching or warming up .	Both thighs strained , now he understands the importance of stretching .
2	I lost my balance and the phone smashed the ground .	I was having so much fun with my new iPhone .	A bit too much fun it seemed as it came out of my hand .	I was devastated because the phone was expensive .	Thankfully I found a place to fix it .
1	I vowed to get back at him .	Rick was really making me angry .	He came up to us to brag about his exploits on the waves .	I handed him my surfboard and invited him to show us firsthand .	Rick has n't been around to brag to us lately .
1	Someone came into the house and stole some of our things .	I was mad at my girlfriend for forgetting to lock the door .	I tried writing a mean text to send to her .	When the text was sent , it went to my mom instead .	She was completely confused .
3	Her car bill was $ 90 , the same amount she spent on the food .	Sam was on a date with her boyfriend .	Since he was broke for the week , she offered to pay for the food .	However , she struggled paying bills a few days later .	When her boyfriend asked if she wanted to hang out , she yelled at him .
1	He looked for it in every room in the house .	Neal needed to find his old school ring .	He just could n't understand where he 'd last had it .	Then he remembered he 'd taken it into town for re-sizing .	He called the store he 'd taken it to and , by golly , they had the ring .
0	Tom had to wash the dishes .	But there were so many to clean .	So he cleaned them as quickly as possible .	After Tom ate dinner , he felt sick .	He realized he did n't do a thorough job of washing the dishes .
3	The boy packed up his things and left .	His son was a good boy , he had brown curly hair and kind eyes .	He always wanted the best for everyone and helped whenever he could .	One day , his father was killed in a battle .	He was never the same kind , innocent boy again .
4	Tom immediately fired him .	Tom had recently bought a bar .	However , business was n't doing so well .	He spent more time at the bar to find out why .	It turned out the bartender was giving away free drinks to girls .
3	Stacy shipped a bunch of books to her mom to help keep her occupied .	Stacy 's mom had broke her leg in a fall .	Stacy felt horrible for her mom .	She wanted to help even though she lived far away .	Stacy felt better now since she 'd helped her mom in some small way .
3	Her parents threw her a surprise birthday party .	Molly was so excited about her upcoming birthday .	She was finally going to be 18 , officially an adult .	She decided to move out and be on her own .	Molly was sad about leaving them .
3	He sampled multiple flavors of a punch and picked the ones he liked .	Johnny went to the mall .	A girl stopped him and asked him to participate in a taste test .	He thought that was weird but she offered him five dollars .	Besides having to use the bathroom , he liked the deal .
4	He declined because I was a foreigner .	I wanted to learn how to make a katana .	So , I decided to fly to Japan .	In a tiny village in Japan I found a katana blacksmith .	I asked him if I could be his apprentice .
3	She actually kissed back !	I was on a date last week .	I had been crushing on the girl for months .	In the middle of the movie we were watching I went in for a kiss .	I was too excited to pay attention to the movie after that .
1	He knocked on his brother Dan 's door to show him the toy .	Jake had a new toy Spiderman silly string web slinger .	When Dan opened the door Jake began to spray him with silly string .	Dan ran from the room with Jake giving chase .	Dan 's mother posted photo 's on Facebook of Dan covered in silly string
4	One day , I finally yell at him and I have not heard from him since .	Downstairs from me lives a man with an overbearing personality .	He can hear me walk down my stairs and often meets me at the bottom .	It irritates me that I have to speak with him anything I leave .	He has made me late for work and appointments .
3	Her head shattered from the bullet he had n't known was in the chamber .	Kevin twirled the pistol like the actors he 'd seen on TV .	His fifth grade class was suitably impressed .	Kevin pointed it at a girl he really liked and pulled the trigger .	Kevin was tried as an adult and is serving a life sentence .
2	Libby was kind and needed money badly , so she agreed .	Libby had been waitressing all day and was tired .	Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged Libby to stay late .	Her very last table of the night left her a $ 100 tip .	Libby was so glad she had agreed to work late !
3	The other passenger agreed to drop Susan off first .	Susan was running late for work .	She missed her train .	She hopped in a cab only to find someone else was already in it !	Susan was late , but the act of kindness made her smile .
0	We drank tea Chinese style , black .	One day our father brought home tea bags ,	He made us tea with milk and sugar .	He also made tea with lemon .	We had never had tea this way and were astounded .
1	Since he was all the way on the top , I had to use a ladder .	I had to rescue my cat from the tree .	After climbing several steps , I held him .	A few seconds later , the ladder slipped from the ground .	I ended up landing on the ground , injured .
3	He then used a razor to shave his face .	George realized that his face was looking scruffy .	He decided it was time for a good shave .	He went to the bathroom and lathered his face in shaving cream .	George was happy to see that had a smooth face .
4	Lucy decided she would go home to change , then visit the new friend .	Lucy and her grandma were at church on a Sunday .	Lucy was bored and ready to go home .	A girl from Sunday school asked if she wanted to come over .	Lucy 's grandma gave her permission to go with .
4	He had to admit to himself that it was a case of just deserts .	A man drank a soda .	As he drank it , another man tripped and fell .	The man with the soda laughed at the tripper 's misfortune .	The soda went up his nose , and the carbonation burned painfully .
1	He took his job very seriously and became well known among the team .	Benji was the new water boy for the football team .	After each play he would come around passing out water .	He was there whenever they needed him .	He helped to keep the team hydrated and the team played well .
3	He smiled and waved to her .	Martin was a friendly guy .	He smiled at everyone he saw .	One day he was walking and saw a girl crying .	She dried her eyes , smiled , and waved back .
2	After a couple Years the price of silver was much lower .	Jason wanted to invest in silver .	He bought a bunch of silver dollars at the current price .	He realized his investment was a failure .	He sold the silver dollars at a loss to get some money back .
2	The vet discovered floss around her tongue and snipped it off .	A few Year 's ago , my kitten acted ill .	She would n't eat and was n't playing .	After x-rays , they discovered it was in her intestine .	Surgery led to the discovery of 12 feet of floss .
4	Alice screamed that she was being accused of theft .	Alice admired the bobblehead Maria kept on her desk .	One day , Alice visited Maria for the afternoon .	When she left , Maria noticed her bobblehead was missing .	She asked Alice if she knew what happened to the bobblehead .
2	She wanted to surprise him .	It was Asher and Tiffany 's anniversary .	They had been married for a long time .	She planned a great trip .	He was stunned !
3	She cleaned the tank every week .	Amy had a little goldfish .	She put it in a big tank .	Then she added a filter and a few more fish friends .	Amy 's fish were happy and lived a long time !
1	We all had races going down and running back up .	Last week my friends and I got sleds together and went on a hill .	I won most of them but it was almost a tie .	My best friend finally gave up when he was too tired .	It was a fun day and we all felt like winners .
2	The sun 's warmth caressed my face as wind swept over my head .	It was a warm day and the gas was cheap .	I decided to drive around with the top down .	It was pleasant and calming .	I wish I could go back to when everything was n't so cold and expensive .
4	The child enjoyed the story .	Tom and Susan had one child .	Their child was a toddler .	Tom wanted to ensure his child was smart and happy .	Tom read the child a fairy tale .
4	Bob was confident going into the interview .	Bob had a job interview .	He wanted to look sharp to impress the interviewer .	Bob got a haircut from his barber .	He also bought a brand new suit .
1	She is always pushing me to take on more and more .	Leslie is my boss and she is very good at her job .	Sometimes she frustrates me and I have to complain to her .	She simply tells me it 's for my own good and she 's making me stronger .	I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice .
3	John called the pizza company and ordered the pizza .	John wanted to eat dinner .	He did not know which type of food would be best .	He suddenly remembered he had a coupon for half off a pizza order .	John ate a wonderful , hot , delicious pizza for dinner .
4	Amy was furious but refused to give Sara the pleasure of a reaction	Amy was in art class .	Across the room was an ex friend Sara .	The class was assigned to complete a landscape .	While Amy was at the sink Sara spilled red paint on her white pants .
1	She saw a quart of coleslaw on sale and bought it .	Mary stopped at the store to buy something for the office picnic .	The cole-slaw smelled a bit off , but Mary set it out on the table .	Later that day , several people at the picnic felt ill .	Mary said her co-worker 's potato salad must have spoiled .
4	Several hours later , everyone finished their jobs .	The family came to the stage to clean it up .	Bradley took a large mop and started to clean the floor .	In the meanwhile , Dustin took a duster .	He took a ladder to the top of the curtains , in order to dust it .
1	I also got a beautiful box to put it in .	I bought my mother a hat for her birthday .	I got two big balloons and a birthday card .	I had the items delivered to her house .	She called me to tell me how much she loved the gifts .
0	Jane could not find the last egg from the hunt .	She searched everywhere .	One day she smelled a horrible odor .	She started to walk around the yard .	She looked up and in the hanging basket was the last Easter egg .
4	In spite of that , Betty was determined she would learn to bake .	Young Betty had always loved watching her grandmother bake .	She loved the wonderful sights and smells of the food being made .	One day she decided to make cookies all by herself .	But when she was finished , the cookies were burnt and misshapen .
3	The store did not have any apples .	Amanda wanted to bake a apple pie .	However , she did not have apples for the pie .	Amanda decided to go to the store to purchase some apples .	Therefore , Amanda could not bake the apple pie again .
1	He and the puppy were the best of friends .	There was a little boy who had a puppy .	One day , the little boy left the gate open , and the puppy ran away !	The little boy asked his parents to help him find his friend .	They found the puppy across the street , playing in some bushes .
1	He put on his exercising gear and went to the park .	Jeffrey woke up 8 o'clock in the morning .	When his friend visited him at the park , both of them started to run .	In addition , we used the exercising equipment to work out .	We were in the park for a couple of hours .
3	He was excited all day .	Yesterday was Mark 's birthday .	It was a Monday , so he had to go to school .	He knew he had a birthday party after school .	When he got to the party , he was very happy .
1	Tom did not sustain much damage .	Tom was accidentally shot by his teammate in the army .	He was angry so he beat the shooter up .	Because of that , he was discharged from the army .	He ends up being homeless .
1	He had totally forgotten about it .	When Chuck got to school he realized he had a test .	He tried to look over his notes during his first class .	When he got to class the teacher was out .	The test was postponed until the next day .
0	We had a garage sale while we were selling our house .	The things that went first were the things we could n't believe .	There were some pez dispensers and old pencils .	It is the junk that often times people are looking for .	That is why they say someone 's junk is another 's treasure .
4	Sally realized she bought a wig that was far too big .	Sally thought she would be more confident with more hair .	She ordered a wig online , although the ad was in Chinese .	Sally was excited when the package came .	She slipped on the wig , but it fell over her eyes .
1	They found one the loved and applied for a mortgage at the bank .	Tom and Amy wanted to buy a new house .	The loan officer reviewed their credit report and denied the loan .	Tom and Amy had been victims of identity theft !	The could n't believe a thief had ruined their dream .
3	He finally was able to borrow a phone from a passerby .	Jim desperately need to make a phone call .	He searched everywhere for a phone .	None of the streets seemed to have a phone booth .	He placed the call , and his back pocket rang .
3	They told him they knew what he was up to .	Joe enjoyed gossiping about people .	He stirred up trouble with all of his friends .	Joe was surprised when they all confronted him .	Now Joe does n't have any friends to gossip about .
0	Sean needed to go to the bank .	He had to walk , but it was snowing .	He put on some warm clothes .	Then , he trudged through the snow .	Finally , he made it to the bank .
0	Mara went to a pond .	She saw some ducks .	In her bag , she had some bread .	She tore it up and put it on the ground .	Then , the ducks came and ate it .
4	Jenny was glad when the wild ride was over .	Jenny 's best friend just got her driver 's license .	She took Jenny for a ride .	Jenny did n't realize what a terrible driver she was .	She was all over the road !
0	Amy was well known and liked at her elementary school .	One day , a new boy started going to Amy 's school .	Some of the kids teased the new boy .	Amy stood up for the boy and became his friend .	Many years later , Amy and the boy fell in love and were married .
0	Eli loved to learn about animals .	He had to write a report on one .	He chose to write about beavers .	He learned all about beavers and how they live .	He loved how they built dams .
0	Michael was scared of dust .	One day he came home from a long day at work .	He sat down on his couch that was dirty .	Dust flew up everywhere .	Michael got a panic attack .
0	It was my turn to provide food for poker night with the guys .	They came over and I browned up some meat for Sloppy Joe 's .	When the first guy took a bite he spit it out saying it was terrible .	I felt pretty embarrassed .	We wound up ordering five pizzas from Papa John 's .
3	They told me I was speeding and I apologized .	I was driving to my friends house one day .	While driving on the road , I saw flashing lights .	I pulled over and cops walked to my window to my surprise .	They gave me a warning and then let me go .
4	It took me an hour to warm up again !	I had to take a walk to the store last night .	It was so cold , I did n't want to go , but I had to .	I dressed warmly and headed out .	When I got home , my fingers and toes were numb from cold .
3	After a few more days at camp , Kyle begin to beat Matt in games .	Kyle and Matt were bunk mates at a basketball camp last summer .	Kyle thought he was the better player , but Matt managed to beat him .	Matt told Kyle what he could do to improve his game , and Kyle listened	Matt then asked Kyle to help him improve his basketball skill .
1	The plate he was washing slipped out of his hands .	Cal was doing the breakfast dishes .	It shattered as it hit the metal sink basin just right .	Cal carefully picked up the pieces of the plate .	He cleaned up all the ceramic shards without cutting himself .
4	Ed 's father pushed the power button , and the laptop started working .	Ed was computer savvy , and fixed computers for his family .	One day , Ed 's father brought an old laptop by .	Ed 's father said the old laptop would n't work .	Ed asked his father if he had tried pushing the power button .
2	It was very soothing listening to the waves and such .	I went to the beach last summer to try to get a tan .	I applied baby oil all over my skin and laid down .	I ended up falling asleep while still tanning .	I woke up with massive sunburn all over my body .
4	Now Allie gets paid to play with children every day !	Allie loved babysitting and playing with children .	But her mom worried that those were n't job skills .	Then Allie had a great job idea .	She told her mom she wanted to teach preschool .
2	Overnight , a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning .	Joni 's class is leaving for Paris in the morning .	She is very excited and ca n't wait to get there .	The flight to Paris has been cancelled .	Joni is very disappointed .
2	Then she remembered to check the sun and head east .	Kate was lost in the woods .	At first she panicked .	She followed the sun back to her camp .	She found her way back safely !
3	He looked down and saw a quarter on the ground !	Tom needed one more quarter for bus fare .	He checked his pockets again but only found a penny .	Discouraged , he headed to a bench and sat down .	He felt lucky as he headed to the bus stop .
3	They told Emma her teacher had called and told them everything .	Emma had just learned that she 'd failed math .	She hurried home , hoping her parents had n't been told .	But they were sitting at the table waiting for her .	Emma was grounded until her grades improved !
1	They started to plan their wedding .	Shaun and Kelsey were getting married .	Kelsey did not know who to pick for her maid of honor .	Shaun helped Kelsey choose .	Kelsey chose her best friend .
0	My friend asked if he can have a chip .	He took one and ate it .	Since the chips were spicy , he ended up sweating .	Although I asked if he was okay , he pretended to be fine .	However , he immediately ran to the water foundation a minute later .
2	I tried to move it but it was too heavy .	I bought a house with an ugly yard	In the middle of the yard was a giant stone .	He picked at the stone with a chisel .	He carved the rock into a lion head and kept it .
4	She had to have emergency dental surgery to fix her tooth .	Kerry was eating a piece of hard candy .	All of a sudden she bit down .	As she bit , part of her tooth broke .	Kerry rush to the dentist .
3	Fred 's wife buys him a new red hat .	Fred has had the same winter hat for many Year 's .	Although its red color is fading , he loves his hat .	One day , in a rush , he forgets his hat on the subway .	Although he is thankful , he knows it will never replace his old hat .
1	One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet .	Chad was eight Year 's old and growing fast .	She took him to the mall to get new shoes .	Chad tried on many shoes before he found the perfect pair .	He was certain that his new shoes were the best in existence .
2	She helped pick strawberries .	Meghan rode the bus to a class trip to the strawberry farm .	She toured the fields .	She took home a quart of strawberries to remember the trip .	She boarded the bus home dirty and smiling .
1	He brought his laptop to show a final presentation .	Tim was going to his graphic design class .	During the presentation the laptop battery died .	He left his charger at home , but a classmate had one .	Tim borrowed the charger and finished the presentation .
4	He decided to take a hike because of his health .	Mark wanted to have some fun this weekend .	He made a list of what he wanted to do .	On the list was going to the movies or taking a hike .	Mark made a list of pros and cons to each activity .
1	Every year , she makes her costume and enters into a costume contest .	Mary 's favorite holiday is Halloween .	This year , she decided to make a Betty Boop costume .	It took her two weeks to get her costume put together just right .	Mary 's Betty Boop costume won first place in the costume contest .
2	He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy .	Bill put his dog in the fence and went out for the night .	After a few drinks with friends , Bill headed home .	Bill thought he must have drank too much himself .	Then he saw the lawn was filled with half-eaten mushrooms .
4	Norm framed his prize and put it on his wall .	Norm 's favorite pastime was browsing used book stores for good deals .	He especially liked cheaper old books in good shape .	Norm found a first edition of a Hemingway novel .	Norm haggled the price down due to its condition .
0	Dan bounced in the bouncy castle .	All the kids and adults looked at him funnily .	Dan did n't care .	He bounced and bounced and bounced .	Dan only stopped when they called the cops and made him leave .
0	Mary was going to her family 's Thanksgiving dinner .	She was responsible for making deviled eggs .	She tried her best to make the eggs look pretty .	Unfortunately , she messed up while peeling them and filling them .	They tasted okay , but they were very ugly .
0	I went to a friends house one day .	My friend had a big dog .	I tried to play with the dog .	He did not like to play .	He bit me really hard .
3	Sara took the medicine and she got lots of rest .	Sara was n't feeling well and had a bit of a fever .	Sarah thought she might have caught the flu , so she went to the doctor .	The doctor said it was just a cold and he gave her some medicine .	Soon Sara was feeling much , much better .
2	Jack snapped down his night vision goggles , looking for the shooter .	Jack was on a patrol outside base camp in Afghanistan .	Suddenly a bullet zipped by his head , lodging in the wall behind him .	Jack found him crouching near the ground .	Jack fired his rifle , killing the man who shot at him .
2	He scared the bear off by yelling .	Tom decided to go for a hike .	During the hike , he came across a black bear .	Tom was surprised the bear ran off .	Tom was able to finish his hike .
3	She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries .	Amy had a new job at a grocery store .	She thought it was going to be an easy job .	Amy was not prepared for a job standing for hours .	At the end of the first week Amy 's whole torso was sore .
0	Sylvia was accused to robbing a bank .	Sylvia was innocent .	She did n't know what bank they were even talking about .	In the end , the truth came out .	Sylvia 's twin sister was the actual perpetrator .
0	Caesar was a small yorkie pup .	He walked with a really bad limp and cried .	No one paid much attention to him .	One day , a nice family found him and cut his nails .	Little Caesar was now happy until the day he died .
3	He went to a diner and ate away the pain .	Justin has been in a relationship with selena for a while .	Suddenly things changed .	Selena was no longer interested in him .	He has to learn to get over her .
2	After a couple months , Matt felt competent enough to start a book .	Matt has always really wanted to write a book .	He decided to take a writing course at a community college .	It took him two years , but he finished it .	He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it .
3	His guidance counselor recommended he join the debate team .	Steven was sent to the principal 's office again .	He had gotten in a heated disagreement with a teacher again .	He did make a lot of good points with his argument though .	Steven 's arguing skills helped the team win a championship that year .
3	People were amazed by her work .	Samantha was really interested in drawing .	She had contacted a local art gallery about displaying her work .	She put up her drawings of still life for everybody to see .	She sold a few of her paintings for a few thousand dollars .
3	However , eventually he can go a day without smoking and feel OK .	Jonas loves smoking cigarettes but he knows they are unhealthy .	He decides he needs to quit smoking .	At first Jonas has headaches when he does n't smoke .	Jonas is very proud that he has successfully quit smoking .
3	He studied the music daily .	Roy inherited a grand piano .	He moved it into his living room .	Then he decided to teach himself to play it .	Soon he was a very talented pianist !
4	Tom was never allowed to make food by himself again .	Tom was always forgetful .	So he parents were nervous whenever he made food .	Tom put bread in the toaster and went back to his room .	His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster .
3	So , they made sure to take some leftovers .	Marion and her sister went to a buffet .	They ate a plate each but then agreed that the food was n't great .	Unfortunately , they had already spent a lot for the buffet price .	That way they did n't feel so guilty .
3	The teacher caught Mike cheating .	Mike did n't study for a test .	The test was very hard .	Mike looked at his friend 's answers .	The teacher was very disappointed .
2	The pollen in the area made him have a reaction .	Adam went running when he experienced severe sneezing .	He was suffering from an allergy attack .	A bystander helped Adam breathe and called an ambulance .	Adam wo n't run in the spring again .
2	My brother received a gaming console .	My brother and I opened up our Christmas presents .	I noticed that my present was simply a slow globe with glitter inside .	I threw the globe on the ground .	However , it broke and water came out of it .
2	His dad came in and Bill begged him to check the closet .	Bill was sure there was a monster hiding in his closet .	He called for his dad .	Bill 's dad opened the closet door and turned on the light .	There was nothing inside but Bill 's clothes !
0	Jimmy was doing the dishes .	His cat jumped into the sink all of a sudden .	Water splashed everywhere !	Jimmy had to clean up the water with some paper towels .	Afterwards , he dried his cat with a t-shirt .
0	The Lamb family were vacationing in the country of Guatemala .	They took a boat to see a village nestled at the base of a volcano .	When they got off of the boat , villagers immediately surrounded them .	The villagers tried to sell the family many homemade items .	The family enjoyed visiting the Guatemalan village .
1	I opened the door and a bird swooped through .	There was a strange noise in the laundry room .	The children screamed as the bird flew crazily from room to room .	I got a broom and managed to chase it out an open door .	It seemed eerily quiet after all that .
2	Joey searched the entire house for her .	Joey and Daphne went to a party together .	In the thick crowd , they became separated .	He was starting to get worried as he could n't find her .	Then , she came out of the bathroom and he sighed with relief .
2	She really wanted to go , but knew it was best not to .	Amanda had a test coming up that she had to study for .	However , there was a big concert the night before .	All of her classmates went to the concert and had a great time .	The next day , Amanda was the only person to get an A on the test .
0	Lucius was asked to write a report on aging .	He imagined his own life at 85 .	He thought of his grandfather , who has a simple but happy life .	Lucius realized he did n't fear aging .	He drove to his grandfather 's house after school to be with him .
4	It hurt a bit but it was n't serious .	Jean stopped for coffee on her way to work .	As she was driving , she had to stop suddenly .	Hot coffee splashed onto her leg .	Fortunately she was wearing long pants .
0	Tommy was so excited to start his first day of school .	The night before he packed his lunch and laid out his clothes .	He prepared all of his school supplies .	He woke up in the morning to find he had strep throat .	Tommy missed his first day of school .
1	They went online for ideas , and found a DIY article .	Mom and dad had no clue what to do on the weekend .	It was to build a shelf , so they found the right tools .	They got started in the garage , and finished in an hour .	Now they have a new , awesome shelf in the living room .
1	The elderly lady who lived there was gone .	The house next door was empty .	The plants in the yard , and the grass turned brown and dry .	The house had always looked empty .	Now it looked abandoned .
1	She signed up for ballet lessons at a local dance studio .	Ashley wanted to be a ballerina .	Everyday Ashley practiced her dance moves .	After a year , Ashley danced in her first recital .	She did a great job .
4	Thankfully I got a new one .	Yesterday my iron broke .	I plugged it in to start using it and it popped .	As it popped , smoke came out .	I was horrified .
0	Ann went to Paris on vacation .	There , she went to see the Eiffel Tower .	She gazed up at its impressive height .	As dusk fell , it lit up with many lights !	Ann was struck by its amazing beauty .
3	Jon was a straight A student .	Tom was a freshman in school .	Tom received poor grades and did not try hard at school .	Tom made a new friend named Jon .	Tom studied with Jon and soon became a straight A student .
2	He reviewed many popular charities .	John desired to be charitable .	He wanted to increase global well being .	He thought doctors without borders was the most admirable .	He donated a hefty sum of money to help the cause .
2	But then Nick 's sled overturned halfway down the hill .	Nick was sledding with his siblings .	They were having a great time .	Nick and his siblings toppled off into the snow !	Luckily , no one was seriously hurt .
3	3 Days felt like an eternity .	Gina thoroughly tired of Illinois .	She asked her mother when they would be going home .	Her mother told her in 3 Days .	But Gina had no choice , so she was forced to wait .
3	We bought glue tabs but they did not work .	We had trouble displaying our Christmas cards last year .	We tried taping them to the wall .	They fell off .	This year we found the cards would stay on the closet door .
2	At the audition she was perfect .	Beth wanted to play the role of Juliet in her school play .	She went over the script for weeks in preparation .	Beth stood nervously with the others waiting to hear who made the cut .	When her name was read as Juliet Beth let out a shout of joy .
4	Jennifer ruined her favorite pair of pants that day .	Jennifer 's grandmother told her to not climb the fence .	She ignored her Grandmother 's instruction .	Jennifer climbed the fence and her jeans caught on the top .	She hung from her pants until her Grandmother came to help her .
3	His friend came over and quickly installed the radio .	Chuck had just bought a new car stereo .	But he found that it was difficult to install !	So he called up his skilled friend for help .	Chuck was so happy , he gave his friend $ 20 to thank him !
2	One day , the rabbit started getting very fat .	Once , there was a little girl with a pet rabbit .	Her rabbit was pretty with brown fur and big eyes .	The girl was worried about the rabbit , and so she took it to the vet .	The vet found out the rabbit was n't fat , it was pregnant !
3	I took him to the doctor .	I bought new dog food for my dog .	He loved it !	One day , he fell sick .	It turns out my dog had an allergy to the dog food .
1	He loved to do his radio show every morning .	Holmberg hosted a radio show every day .	However , not many people listened to his show .	Holmberg was running out of money !	Holmberg was forced to shut down his radio show and get a job .
0	Amanda was cleaning out her hallway closet .	She noticed something in the back of the closet .	It was an SD card that she had lost .	She uploaded it on her computer .	Then , she discovered a bunch of long lost photos .
1	He decided to pick up his guitar .	Tyrese just got dumped .	It 's been awhile since he wrote a song .	He wrote a song about the girl who dumped him .	He uploaded it online .
2	When they told their parents , they were forbidden to visit the man .	Amy and her brother made friends with a man who moved next door .	The man showed them his cages filled with exotic singing birds .	One day , the sound of the birds stopped .	Feeling ostracized , the man had moved away .
0	Gene asked Marty why he was n't getting his department email .	He said the Chief had emailed him some documents yesterday .	Marty checked to see if everything was set up correctly .	He fixed a letter which was off in the forwarder .	Gene is getting all his email now .
3	Charles told her he never dated a white girl before .	Charles is a black man who is used to dating black women .	But he was interested in interracial dating .	That 's when he met Sabrina and they started dating .	Sabrina said she was n't white , but Brazilian .
2	The audience noticed and started to get restless .	Mister Song was a brilliant concert pianist .	One day at a concert his piano was in horrible pitch .	Mister Song opened the piano and peered inside .	A mouse was running around on the strings , dampening the sound .
1	Beth received an online message from a friend .	Beth and her friends were studying together .	The message contained a link to a video .	Beth watched the video with her friends .	Everyone laughed at the funny video .
1	She bought a bottle of dye called Dark Ash Blonde .	Brown-haired Ellen dreamed of being a blonde .	Ellen applied the dye and waited for it to work .	When Ellen rinsed out the dye , her hair was darker than before .	Then , Ellen realized she needed to bleach her hair first .
0	Truman was a professional typist .	Gradually Truman 's keyboard deteriorated .	Truman ordered a new keyboard from the internet .	Truman was overjoyed when he got his package .	However , he would need some time to adjust to the new layout .
3	When she weighed the books she found out they were too heavy .	My sister in law was excited this week .	She found two complete sets of Time Life books in her attic .	I researched Amazon and said she could make $ 200 .	She decided to donate the books to people who could pick them up .
3	After my teacher helped me up , I rode it .	My teacher took us to the farm for a field trip .	The owner of the farm introduced us to one of his horses .	He allowed me to climb on top of the zebra .	It traveled across the farm .
3	They bought turkey lunch meat and canned potatoes at a grocery store .	Mira and Dave were driving cross-country to their hometown .	They were planning on visiting their parents for Thanksgiving .	But there was a terrible ice storm that stranded them midway !	Their ersatz Thanksgiving feast became one of their fondest memories .
0	I decided to visit Chicago .	I did n't realize just how cold it would be .	When I arrived , I realized I did n't pack the correct clothing .	Thus , for three days I was freezing cold !	Finally , I decided to go shopping and get a winter coat .
4	He ended up doing a chin-up .	A man was working out at the gym .	An attractive woman sat down to use the machine next to him .	Hoping to impress her , he increased the weight on his machine .	He overdid it , though , and the weights weighed more than him .
0	Betty liked candy .	She like most flavors except for sour things .	She got a bunch of sour candies from Santa yesterday .	She has been pouty all day because of it .	She ended up giving her candy to her brother .
1	Before leaving the house I had to make sure they had left .	On Thursday , I went to dinner with some friends .	I quickly called Jeff and he confirmed they were already there !	Hopping into the car , I quickly drove to the restaurant .	It was good to finally see my friends after a week !
1	He got lost at Hollywood Studios .	When Kris was young he scared his parents .	They closed down the park because he could n't be found .	They eventually found him on top of the Honey I Shrunk the Kids playset	They now tell his kids this story to remind him .
1	He studied for a few minutes , but decided he knew all the information .	It was the end of the semester , and Jake needed to study for finals .	The day before the tests , Jake was talking with his friends .	They knew so much more than he did from the semester !	Jake spent that night studying so he was ready for his test .
0	The father dropped his kids off on the side on the street .	They crawled to a box .	A women passed by and stopped her car .	She got out and put the kids in her car .	She drove to the nearest shelter .
0	Bud wanted to make his own beer .	He bought a brewing kit .	He added all the ingredients , measured carefully .	Then after enough time , he sampled his homemade brew .	Bud was pleased to find that it was delicious !
1	She vowed to keep it a secret from her mom .	Ava got her navel pierced .	But her piercing became red and swollen .	It had gotten infected !	Ava had to tell her mom so her mom could help her .
4	Cal had to take another shower and dry off with the wet towel .	Cal was drying off from his shower when he felt the urge to defecate .	When he went to flush the toilet he found it had clogged .	Cal got out a plunger and plunged until it was unclogged .	In the process he became soiled from the water splashing .
0	Jon got a job in East Texas .	He would be working in the oil industry .	Alas , no one told him that the shifts would be twelve hours .	He struggled to maintain a good work and life balance .	He decided to quit the job .
1	He forgot his wallet .	Joe went on a date .	His date did n't care .	She suggested they dine and dash .	Joe fell in love .
4	I was more pleased to get a multi-colored tree .	I like desktop Christmas trees .	I had two at work that did not have lights .	Recently I went shopping for trees with lights .	I found one with batteries but the lights are white .
0	Juliet 's parents were coming over for dinner .	She decided to make homemade tuna casserole .	Juliet drove to the grocery store to purchase the ingredients .	Unfortunately , the store was all out of tuna .	Frustrated , Juliet bought two frozen pizzas instead .
2	She started up her car .	It was a hot summer afternoon .	Jenna wanted to go to the beach .	It would not start up .	Jenna had to call a taxi in order to get to the beach .
3	I made him wash his own clothes that night .	I try to do Laundry twice a week .	Last week I managed to get it all done in one day .	Until Nick came home and cleared out his closest .	Now he knows to put them in the Laundry .
4	It was a very expensive dinner .	One day my cousin and I bought takeout for our families .	We drove in our car .	When we came out of the restaurant the car was gone .	It had been towed and we paid $ 150 to get it out .
0	Brian wanted a beard long enough to braid .	He grew it out for two years .	It was n't long enough to braid .	He decided to shave it off .	Now he looks weird .
4	She realized her tooth had come out in her cereal .	Tricia had a loose tooth .	She was eating her cereal one morning .	Her tooth was hanging on by just a little bit .	Tricia bit into something hard .
0	Chad was in a rush to get to work yesterday .	In such a rush , Chad was stopped by a police for speeding .	However , this was no normal police officer that pulled over Chad .	Chad was shocked to see Shaquille O'Neal pull him over .	Chad was elated to see his favorite basketball player as a police .
1	So much that she was always picking up strays .	Jannie loved animals .	Everyone told her she would catch a disease one day .	She found a raccoon digging in her trash and brought it in as a pet .	Jannie no longer picks up stray animals thanks to poison ivy .
2	Later , he went out to the lake with his gear and jumped in .	Jeremy bought diving equipment and took lessons .	When he got good enough , he made plans to dive his local lake .	He swam around and found treasures at the bottom of the lake .	Jeremy happily swam to the surface with his new trophies .
3	Ross eventually became really good at the game .	Ross was really into adventure games .	His friend bought him a new shooting game on Steam .	Ross played with his friend online for hours .	He was good enough to become a professional gamer .
1	She adored the way they set off her color .	Tory purchased the most perfect crystal earrings .	But shiny things fade fast .	She decided she needed pearls instead .	She was sure she would n't be disappointed again .
2	The recruiter accepted Jon .	Jon wanted to become a navy seal .	He went to a navy recruiter .	Jon went through navy seals boot camp .	Alas , Jon was killed in a live-fire exercise .
1	She was in her final year of schooling .	Bree was going to school to become a doctor .	She was nervous for her final exam .	She studied for hours and hours .	Bree took the exam and passed with flying colors .
2	He travels to the river to try fishing for salmon .	Jake has wanted to try fishing for many Year 's .	Finally he asks for two weeks away from his job .	Jake eats the first salmon he catches from the river .	Jake is very happy that he has finally gone fishing .
2	He decides to learn how to cook an omelette .	Max decides that he spends too much money buying food at restaurants .	He knows he should start cooking breakfast at home .	He practices cooking omelettes many times until he is an expert .	He is very happy to be saving money by cooking at home .
4	His truck slid off the road but Tim was ok .	Tim drove trucks .	No matter the weather he had to drive .	It was stormy and wet on the roads .	He hit a patch of ice on the highway .
3	I was completely embarrassed .	I took up gymnastics as a young girl .	I was learning how to do the balance beam .	I ended up falling off the beam and breaking my ankle .	The next day at school , I had to use crutches .
1	He quickly got dressed and brushed his teeth .	Bruce woke up late for his class .	He ran across campus as quickly as he could .	When Bruce got to the classroom he was surprised to find it empty .	Bruce 's professor was sick and had cancelled the class that day !
2	He got some steaks for the main course .	Dave wanted to throw a nice dinner party for some friends of his .	He bought a lot of crackers and cheese .	When he sent out the invites , only one person said they could make it .	It became a date and they had a wonderful evening .
0	I used a quad cane after my stroke .	It was a cane with four feet .	It was very stable but cumbersome .	After outpatient pt , I started using a regular cane .	I felt proud .
3	It turned out horribly , and prom was an hour away .	Erica was going to prom with the boy of her dreams .	However , she did n't have the money to get her hair done .	The day of prom , she decided to do her own hair .	Erica 's friend rushed over and fixed her hair , saving the day .
4	Once the cake cooled down , I frosted it .	I planned to bake a cake for dessert .	At the store I bought extra flour , eggs and butter .	I returned home and mixed the ingredients together .	The cake baked in the oven while I mixed the frosting .
2	He was surprised to see that new running shorts were so expensive .	Javier noticed that his running shorts were becoming worn out .	He decided to look for a new pair to buy .	However , he decided to buy a pair , despite the price .	Now Javier looks great in his new running shorts .
1	He did not apply sunscreen because it was not very hot out .	Trevor was looking forward to his big trip to the beach .	He had fun swimming and relaxing at the beach .	When he went home he realized he had sunburn all over his body .	Trevor cried and regretted his decision to neglect sun protection .
1	He goes to the local public pool .	Andy went swimming on Tuesday .	He usually just goes for fun and to work out .	This time it was to meet a friend .	He was stood up but still enjoyed himself .
1	I need a lanyard because I have use of only one hand .	My cell phone lanyard broke on Wednesday .	The part holding the phone to the lanyard snapped off .	I started looking online to buy another lanyard .	My wife was able to repair the lanyard , so I did not have to buy one .
3	There was one cookie left .	I baked some cookies .	I invited my friends to eat them .	We had a great time eating the cookies .	We decided to split the cookie to avoid fighting over it .
3	Dave took up the case and started his investigation .	Dave was the best detective in the world .	He solved crime mysteries for the police .	One day there was a case nobody knew how to solve .	He solved it immediately and shocked everybody .
2	The girls had a blast .	Alicia decided she wanted to have a taco night .	She invited all her friends to come join .	Unfortunately they lost power .	The girls then had to turn on the generator .
3	Joe had to move back to his parent 's house .	Joe had recently graduated from college .	He applied to various jobs everywhere .	He did n't get any replies back for interviews .	He had to get a part-time job delivering pizzas to support himself .
1	At the bottom of the river I saw something glittery .	I was in the river fishing one day .	I swam down and picked it up .	It was an old bottle cap .	I was disappointed because it was n't treasure .
2	Jill gathers some food and blankets and goes to the basement .	Jill is afraid of storms .	There is a big storm heading towards her house .	Jill turns on the radio and listens to the weather .	Jill waits until the storm has passed to go upstairs .
1	While he was there , he saw a game that caught his eye .	Billy went to the fair with his family .	Upon inspection , Billy saw an enormous bear that he fell in love with .	Billy tried to win the game in 5 tries , and won on the 4th .	After Billy won , he immediately chose the bear .
2	He stayed up all night doing it .	The boy had a project .	The teacher wanted them to make a realistic sculpture .	When he presented it he thought he did well .	But , the teacher said it looked unrealistic and failed him .
1	Suddenly , she slid on ice .	Marissa was driving to work after a big snowstorm .	The car stopped right before hitting a tree .	Marissa slid three more times on the way to work .	She decided she was going to buy a new car that was better in snow .
4	When he picked it up , he discovered disgusting mold growing inside it .	George was very forgetful .	George also loved coffee .	George sat a half full coffee cup down in the garage one day .	He forgot about it for a couple weeks .
4	They both enjoyed their senior prom .	Nick did not have a date for his prom .	His friend Nena also lacked a date .	Nick suggested they go together .	Nena agreed to go as friends .
0	The first time I had seen a horse I was awestruck .	It was incredibly beautiful but also huge and intimidating .	I was offered a ride on the stunning creature and accepted .	We went through woods and valleys with a steady stride .	Although I had been scared , it was an amazing experience .
1	He said he would give $ 1000 to anyone who could lift more than him .	Sam thought he was the strongest one in the gym .	At first nobody could lift more than him .	One man at the back of the gym approached .	He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took his money .
0	A little girl has always wanted a puppy of her very own .	She begged her parents for almost a year .	Her friends dog had puppies right before Christmas time .	Her parents decided to get her the puppy as a gift .	She fell in love with him , and calls him Mac .
2	Deb was worried she was n't going to have enough money .	Deb wanted to go shopping .	She had only fifty dollars but was looking for a few items .	When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales .	She found everything she needed and had money left over .
2	He picked her up and they went to a beach to take pictures .	Charles had a crush on Marlene , a girl from class .	She asked him to take pictures of her walking on the beach .	But Charles had to take off his shoes and walk in the sand .	Charles ' toe was completely infested with fungi , he was embarrassed .
0	Martha 's depression was reaching a fever pitch .	She could barely muster the energy to walk outside to check the mail .	The depression hit her all at once .	She did n't know where to turn for help .	A friend found Martha in her weakened state and stuck by her .
1	After a long day Rick fell asleep in the sand .	Rick and a few friends headed to the beach .	When Rick woke up he could n't see anyone .	He realized his body was buried completely underground .	His friends thought it 'd be funny , and left him there in deep trouble .
1	People were playing with fireworks outside .	It was the fourth of july .	My friends and I lit a firework that tipped over .	The firework caused a huge fire on our fence .	We grabbed the hose and luckily put it out .
2	Michael was worried nobody would like him .	Michael 's father was in the military , and he moved around a lot .	One time , in his first day of school , he was very nervous .	Fortunately , one student was very kind and showed him the ropes .	They became best friends and remain so till this day .
3	He finally got the horse under control last week .	Greg works on a ranch .	He has to tend the horses every day .	One horse is particularly unruly .	Now his job is much easier .
1	While training , he noticed more pain in his feet and back .	Ted started training for his first marathon .	He met with an athletic trainer that watched him run .	The trainer told Ted that he needed to fix his posture to improve .	Ted straightened his back found his pain decrease as he ran .
3	The student was offended , plus , Professor Smith invited her to church !	Professor Smith was a well liked teacher of black history .	At church one Sunday , a student stood by him to talk to him .	Professor Smith did n't remember the student and was worried .	Professor Smith asked for forgiveness , he 'd recently had a stroke .
4	Franco feels proud of the work he is doing distributing flyers .	Franco has started a new job distributing flyers for a coffee shop .	At first he is embarrassed to distribute flyers in public .	One day he gives out flyers to two young men .	He later sees them enjoying a cup of coffee at the coffee shop .
3	But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth .	Nina had an asthma attack in school one day .	She groped for her inhaler , but she had forgotten it !	She started to panic .	Luckily , another girl had had an inhaler in her purse !
3	When Billy told his parents , they forbid him from going near the man .	A strange man with an accent opened a store in Billy 's small town .	The man smiled at Billy when he walked past on the way to school .	One day , he beckoned Billy inside and showed him a stamp collection .	When the strange man left town , they learned he was a war hero .
2	Several stage performers sung for everyone and talked about god 's word	The group met up at the front entrance .	They came across a performance stage .	Afterwords , we went to a souvenir shop .	They managed to pick up several accessories .
2	When I got in my car I shivered and looked next to me .	This morning I was having a bad feeling .	I thought that I was being followed .	There was someone staring at me from the other car .	I turned on my car and drove home as fast as I could .
3	They talked for 45 minutes about breaking curfew .	Amy stayed in her room as long as she could .	She knew once she left her parents were going to ground her .	She walked to the kitchen and found her parents at the table .	Afterwards Amy was happy she was only grounded for 2 weeks .
0	Brittany 's parents split up when she was in middle school .	Her parents moved to two different places .	They wanted Brittany to decide which parent she wanted to live with .	It was an impossible decision for her to make .	Brittany ended up splitting her time between both homes .
3	He accidentally pointed one at a friend .	Daniel always wanted to shoot a gun .	One day his friends took him to the shooting range .	He did n't know much about them .	It went off and shot the friend dead on the spot .
0	In my previous life I was a singer and composer .	I know because I still like to write and sing songs .	I look for music inspiration in nature .	I 've listened to what the birds and squirrels squawk about .	They squawk about world peace and evolution .
1	When I went to check it out , the line was out the door .	A new chicken place opened up down the street .	The chicken was amazing .	When I got to the front , they said we had free fries .	I was happy .
2	She challenged her friend to see who had the better serve .	Cindy is a tennis player .	She is known for her serve .	Cindy and Diana got to the courts and hit for an hour .	Cindy won the challenge .
3	He took the photos to the police station .	Benny bought a new camera .	He took pictures of everything .	One day he discovered that he took a picture of a crime .	Benny eventually became a police officer because of the photos .
1	The owner was teaching her how to make a pizza .	Sarah had a new job at a diner .	Sarah noticed that the pizza seemed too crowded .	She pointed it out and her boss considered it .	She ended up agreeing and they changed the pizza procedure .
4	He never went back to that salon .	Bob needed a haircut .	He decided to go to the salon .	The lady gave him a great haircut .	However , she roped him into buying pomade .
3	Reggie headed home and went to turn left at a green light .	Reggie was proud of having 12 years without a car accident .	Reggie needed to go to a nearby store .	Reggie got some electronics and some beer for later .	A vehicle with a turn signal did not turn and crashed into Reggie .
0	Sally and Frankie were having a bubble gum blowing contest .	Sally had just blown a huge bubble .	It popped and got into her long hair !	She and Frankie tried and tried to get it out but it was stuck .	She had to cut off six inches of her hair to get it out .
3	May was disgusted and threw her digging implements down .	May was digging in the dirt .	She had intended to make mud pies .	But then she saw all kinds of beetles scurrying around !	She decided not to make mud pies after all .
2	Her long hair made her feel hot .	Jane wanted to let her hair grow long .	But as summer approached , she felt urged to cut it .	But she liked how it helped her appearance .	Jane decided not to cut her hair .
0	We decided to take a tour of the old houses downtown .	My wife and I ended up at one that seemed quite abandoned .	We were surprised to find the old mansion had a guided tour .	The kindly woman asked us if we knew cannibals had once lived there .	As her friends appeared with knives , we surmised they did , still .
1	The power went out that night .	Karen set her alarm clock , so she could go to work the next morning .	She did not wake up on time .	Karen received a phone call from her boss asking about her tardiness .	She rushed to work over and hour late and behind on her work .
4	Andrew is now happy .	Andrew worked all of the time .	He never took the time to start a family .	One day he met a woman .	Andrew then married her and it put everything in perspective for him .
2	The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs .	OUr family loves baseball very much .	We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday .	My husband caught a fly ball .	It was an eventful day at the ballpark !
1	They discovered that they forgot cups .	John went camping with his friend	They used pickle jars that they already had to drink .	Their water tasted like pickles .	They will remember to bring cups from now on .
1	She opened the fridge to see there was no milk for her breakfast .	Sally was staying with her grandmother on the farm .	She asked her grandmother if she had any more milk .	She took her to the barn and told her to help herself .	Sally sat and started to milk the cow which she had never done before .
2	There was a bad storm at the camp this week .	Allison goes to camp every summer .	She had fun and made lots of friends there .	A tornado ripped the place apart .	Allison has to go to a different camp this year .
2	The road was jammed bumper to bumpers .	One day I was driving home from work .	I went down the usual highway but got stuck .	I was forced to sit practically still for hours .	When I finally got home , my wife was angry at me for being late .
4	I learned to take better care of myself next time .	Last year I went on a trip to Vienna .	I had a lot of fun .	The only problem was that I got majorly sick .	I spent most of the trip in bed .
2	We were together for several weeks so I can monitor her .	I had to escort my grandmother out of the eye doctor .	Her eyes were hurting her , so they had to remain closed .	Before I was about to leave , she was about to run into a glass window .	I immediately ran after her to redirect her .
4	Brian made it to the home plate , and the game was won !	The baseball team had been practicing for their big game for months .	The game was almost over , and the bases were loaded .	Brian was nervous as he went up to the plate .	But he hit the ball on his first try , and it flew into the outfield .
4	It was the most amazing boat ride .	Chris took his girl on a boat trip .	They went to channel islands Park .	The ferry ride was an hour .	Along the way they saw blue whales .
3	She and her friend hurriedly began digging for treasure .	Anna and her friend were playing at the beach .	Then Anna had a great idea .	She knew pirates buried their pressure on the beach .	To their dismay , though , they found none .
2	He had set his stove way too high of a temperature .	Jerry was cooking a steak on his cast iron skillet .	All of a sudden , his skillet lit on fire .	Jerry let the flames die down .	He had to turn off the smoke detectors inside his home .
0	Julie 's family wanted a new dog .	They visited an animal shelter to get one .	Julie loved all the dogs , but one cute mutt in particular .	They took him home and she named him Jax .	Julie was so happy , and loved Jax dearly .
4	Both girls felt more unique and happier in different outfits .	Bonnie and Connie were getting tired of wearing matching clothes .	They talked their mom into buying clothes of different styles .	Connie bought outfits that were pink and frilly .	Bonnie bought outfits that were black and revealing .
2	Jerry spilled his drink and demanded that guy buy him another drink .	Jerry went to a bar and ordered a few drinks .	A guy next to him brushed against Jerry 's shoulder .	They began fighting and Jerry beat him up .	Jerry went to jail but the major problem was the threats he made .
3	One day , I told him my favorite president was Teddy Roosevelt .	Once I met a cute boy .	He was an artist .	We decided to date and get to know one another .	He said he did n't care for history and we never spoke again .
0	Evie is a jewel thief .	She only steals the finest jewels .	A mobster asked Evie to steal a famous painting .	The mobster offered Evie a large amount of money .	Evie told the mobster no thank you , she only steals jewels .
1	He went to his first bar and had his first few drinks .	Bill turned 21 last week .	His favorite drink was Gin and Tonic and he drank a lot of it .	He got pretty drunk and had a good time .	His girlfriend drove him home , thankfully .
1	I become so interested in working with the special education students .	When my child turned 5 I began to work at her school as a TA .	I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning .	I went back and got a teaching certification in special education .	Now my child has grown up and I still have a job I love .
0	Amy 's coach was giving a pep talk before the game .	Amy was so excited she barely paid attention .	She was in the locker room with all the older girls .	She felt like an adult .	She wished she could take a picture to remember this moment .
2	The book was written by J K Rowling under a pseudonym .	Last week I went to our building common room to read .	Someone had left a book in the library .	It was a murder mystery .	I liked the book so much I bought another one in the series .
1	His parents would try to calm him down .	Tom had anger problems .	They finally sent him to anger management classes .	He hated being there .	In time though , he got much better .
3	He did n't even talk to his teachers .	Ken was sad .	He did n't think anyone loved him .	He did n't talk to anyone at school .	Ken was reassured by his mother that he would always be loved .
0	David was excited when his parents bought him a chemistry set .	He loved doing experiments in the basement .	One day , he mixed the wrong chemicals and an explosion broke windows .	He was afraid his parents were going to confiscate his new toy .	They let him keep it , but insisted on supervising him from then on .
2	No one liked to be around him because of his singing .	Tom liked to sing .	Tom was not a good singer .	Tom married a woman who was deaf and could not hear his singing .	His wife and all of her friends found no problem with Tom
4	Courtney went to the lottery office to claim her prize .	Courtney loves to play the lottery .	She has a special system she uses to pick her numbers .	Last night she went to the store and bought five tickets .	She checked her tickets this morning and found out she won $ 5,000 .
2	Selena had to resort to bribery to convince them to do it .	Selena always tried to get a great Christmas photo .	Unfortunately her family hated posing for photos .	Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place .	The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it .
3	Food and the tickets are overpriced .	I used to love going to the movies .	Now I will never go back because it 's expensive .	They overcharge for everything .	I am much happier with my Netflix subscription instead .
1	I saw several different predatory animals .	I was watching discovery today .	There were kangaroos fighting each other .	One kangaroo kicked another kangaroo .	The other kangaroo died from the wound .
0	Lucy needed a new case .	Most cases she tried , did not fit .	It took weeks to find one .	Finally she decided to get a cheap one .	She could n't have been happier .
3	They each picked out a donut to eat .	Sarah bought a dozen donuts .	She brought them home for her friends .	The boys were excited .	They thanked Sarah for the food .
3	Tom said she was just making excuses .	Sara needed to do her homework .	But she said she did n't understand it .	So she took a break .	And Sara never made efforts to get help .
2	So , he took me out for a celebratory drink .	My friend got a good work contract .	He said he 's getting about $ 30,000 .	We had a good chat .	Now he 's looking forward to an easy season .
3	She agrees to go out with him .	Jack wants to go out with Jill .	But Jill is unsure .	He plays a cheesy love song in front of her and the whole school .	They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after .
0	Tee wanted to paint her nails .	She borrowed some polish from her mom .	Then she applied it carefully .	When it dried , she slicked on another coat .	Her nails came out beautifully !
4	He got the suit , paid , and drove home again .	Todd took his suit into the dry cleaners to get it cleaned .	He gave the clerk the suit and asked when to pick it up .	The clerk said in three hours .	Todd drove home and drove back in three hours .
4	After a month I quit and played golf instead .	I tried to play soccer in high school but it did n't work out .	I did n't realize how much running was involved .	The first two weeks of practice we did n't even touch a ball , just ran .	We ran so much I thought I was on the track team .
1	He knew it was his roommates .	Steve saw some sushi in the fridge .	He ate it anyway .	He told him he would replace it .	His roommate was fine with it .
4	A loose screw was hanging on top of the fan .	The boys were playing video games .	All of a sudden , the top of the fan dropped from the ceiling .	It landed on the gaming console and broke it .	They looked on the ceiling to view the damage .
4	I changed my mind about Adele tickets .	Singer Adele is coming to Chicago .	I wanted her concert tickets to give as a Christmas gift .	Her online tickets sold out in twenty minutes .	Scalpers are flipping Adele tickets for thousands of dollars .
0	Tim had a fish fry .	He cooked all kinds of fish .	However no one showed up .	He had an idea .	As soon as he blew the smoke smell with a fan , people came to eat .
4	The CEO reminded everyone not to spend company time frivolously .	Cate 's boss and her co-workers were obsessed with fantasy football .	Every day they spent hours trading team members and arguing .	One day , they were very loudly debating when the CEO walked by .	A few hours later , everyone had to attend a company wide meeting .
2	Candy decided to write a note to Dan .	Candy has a crush on her classmate Dan .	Candy is trying to find a way to tell him about her feelings .	Dan , however , showed the note to all his friends .	Candy 's feelings were hurt by what her crush did .
3	There was a puddle near by .	Harry had been out walking for miles .	He got lost in the woods and did n't know it .	He was thirsty but ran out of water a while back .	He drank from the puddle .
3	He ended up staying home .	Harry was going to go hiking last week .	He bought so much gear in preparation .	However , when he was about to go , he could not find his tent .	All that money spent ended up being for nothing .
4	It was just his puppy dog getting into the trash	Uncle Jeb was playing cards with his buddies	He heard a strange noise coming from the basement	Jeb slowly opened the door	He walked down the stairs and flipped on the light
0	Sally was an artist at school .	She hated painting photos .	She loved sketching with her pencil .	Her professor told her she should try a marker .	Now Sally is famous for marker paintings !
3	Sam bought his first ever baseball glove .	Sam wanted to play baseball very badly .	He worked all summer to get enough money to buy a glove .	He went his local sporting goods store .	He was so proud he ran straight home to show his parents .
0	Amy and her friends had been watching movies for hours .	They were now hungry .	They made a pizza , popcorn , and grabbed other snacks .	The girls walked back to the living room toting lots of food .	Lynn 's mom remarked the girls looked like ants hauling their bounty .
4	Gina saw you could n't drive on the street , or across it either	A major street near Gina 's home was closing for repairs .	Gina did n't think the street was in bad shape .	But she was n't able to do anything about it .	She drove toward the street to cross to the other side .
1	However , my friend came over and needed company .	I was supposed to hang out with my family today .	After she left , my cousin called asking for help in math .	When I went to visit my aunt , no one was home .	We promised to hang out , but she had to go to work .
3	Therefore , Adrian approached a wealthy widow and talked about art .	Adrian was a fine art consultant for a gallery in Newport Beach .	The gallery showcased the most expensive art in the world .	But the gallery paid Adrian only twelve dollars per hour .	She thought Adrian was a wealthy art dealer and got his phone number .
1	There was no food in the house .	Mark was feeling hungry .	He decided to go to a restaurant .	He forgot most restaurants closed today .	There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open .
4	Suzy and her pals found themselves alone under a darkening sky .	Suzy and her pals played in snow drifts during recess .	They built a snow fort and pretended to be eskimos .	The snow fort muted all noise , and the girls lost track of time .	When they tired of playing , the girls left their snow fort .
3	Isabella asked if he wanted to be friends , and he said yes .	There was a boy who followed Isabella around at school .	During recess , he ran after her and yelled her name .	During lunch , he tried to sit next to her .	The next day at school , they played together during recess .
2	But then , she threw the stick a little too far .	A woman took her dog the park to play fetch .	For a while , everything was absolutely normal .	It landed in the bushes .	The dog came back with a live , but very angry , squirrel .
2	I was walking so fast that I slipped and fell .	One day my teacher allowed us to dismiss 30 seconds before the bell .	I hated being in crowded hallways so I took out speedwalking .	To my embarrassment there was a girl watching me .	She pointed and laughed as I picked myself up off the floor .
0	Sam writes news stories .	He heard about a breaking news story on the radio .	He quickly wrote a news story on the subject .	He put his news story online .	Many people read it .
3	Then , in the fall , the vibes began to droop with round orbs .	Melanie wanted to grow fruit for her family .	She tried to plant berry bushes , but long vines strangled them !	She tried growing an apple tree , but the vibes covered that too .	Melanie had grown hundreds of grapes for her family !
3	But then , near home , she struck another vehicle .	Ellen was drunk at the bar one night .	She decided to drive home .	She made it most of the way safely .	Ellen was arrested for drunk driving .
4	The girl got scared and walked away .	Jon liked a girl .	He decided to talk to her .	Alas , when he tried to talk to her his mind went empty .	He ended up staring creepily at the girl .
4	Finally , he decided that he should turn it in .	Ethan was walking at the mall .	Suddenly , he spotted something black .	He retrieved it and saw that it was a wallet .	At first , he thought about keeping it .
3	He has contemplated suicide many times .	Bill went blind at a young age .	He remembers very little from before being blind .	He often needs things described to him .	Luckily he is still with us .
4	The two friends reconnected and had a great time .	Jean has n't seen her best friend in two Year 's .	One day Jean called her best friend and asked her to lunch .	Her friend said yes .	They went to a local salad bar .
1	However , her students notice that she has bad body odor .	Martha has never liked wearing deodorant .	One day they tell her she needs to start wearing deodorant .	Martha tries deodorant and is surprised that it is n't that bad .	Now she does n't mind wearing deodorant at all .
1	On weekdays his dad is busy .	Johnny loves playing catch with his dad .	Finally it is Saturday !	Johnny and his dad go outside to play catch .	They have a wonderful Saturday together .
2	They needed a medical procedure .	Our daughter 's friends in California have conceived .	They had been trying for years .	The mother is three months pregnant .	The couple put the sonogram on their Christmas card .
4	Tom put on large headphones and was able to relax .	Tom was relaxing in the park .	Kids started playing .	Dogs started barking .	Tom could n't relax .
2	James practiced every day and fell many times .	James received a new skateboard for his birthday .	James had wanted one ever since his big brother started skateboarding .	One day , James ' big brother helped him learn .	With his brother 's help , James successfully skated for the first time !
3	We all sat in a circle and took a sip of the beer .	I tried my first sip of beer in sixth grade .	I tried it at my friend 's birthday party sleepover .	My friend snuck a beer from her dad .	We thought it was horrible and washed our mouths out with pool water .
4	They had already picked a full jury and did not need Ed !	Ed was called for jury duty .	He was unhappy .	He would have to miss work for over a week .	Then he went downtown and got good news .
0	Gina 's crush Jamie had broken his leg .	When he returned to school Josh said bad things about him .	Another kid told Jamie what Josh had said .	Jamie was not pleased .	The gossip had caused a rift between the boys .
3	And he quickly tossed aside the book when he finished .	Omar was reading a calculus book .	But he was becoming impatient and decided to read more quickly .	He skipped the exercises because he thought he knew the answers .	When Omar took his calculus test , he had no idea what to do .
2	Ed wound up and threw really hard .	Ed was throwing rocks at a nearby lake .	His little brother was beside him .	But the rock did n't go into the lake it went right for his brother .	His little brother still has n't forgave him .
4	Crying happily , she nodded yes .	Ed took Ana to dinner .	They ate companionably .	Then Ed dropped to his knees .	He asked Anna to marry him !
4	She loved it .	George had five lamps .	He sold two lamps at his store .	He put two lamps in his kitchen .	The final lamp he gave to his daughter .
4	She ended up loving it .	Kelly was excited to get her new apartment .	She had been searching for one for the longest time .	When she found the one she wanted , she was thrilled .	She got to move in the next day .
1	I had dreamed of this day my whole life .	I had backstage passes to meet my favorite music artist .	When I finally met him , he was mean and rude .	He was so rude , I abruptly left and opted out of a picture with him .	I later threw away all memorabilia and CD 's from this artist .
3	The principal explained everything to her teacher .	Ali was suspended unfairly .	Her mother convinced the principal to revoke the suspension .	Everyone was shocked when Ali walked into her class .	Ali 's ' friends cheered as she took her seat .
4	Neil could n't believe how quickly he had traveled !	Neil was on his way to Italy .	He had left Spain on a high speed train .	The train was so fast !	He arrived in Italy in under a day .
4	The client sued Scott for being a horrible landscaper .	Scott was a landscape architect .	Scott recommended to plant Kudzu to his client .	The client obliged .	Within a couple weeks , the Japanese vine had grown everywhere .
2	Last week was a nice day and I decided to do just that .	I love mowing the lawn .	It gives me time to think and meditate .	I mowed and thought forever .	My wife had to come out and tell me i had mowed the same spots twice .
3	Taylor was offered a movie part .	Taylor is a stand up comedian .	He works on a cruise ship .	One day , a very famous actor went to see his show .	He was very excited to be noticed .
1	She went on a diet with her best friend .	Kay was tired of being overweight .	The two ladies cut out sweets and began walking .	Kay was amazed at the results .	In eight weeks , she had lost twelve pounds !
1	We decided to visit Albuquerque to see some of the sites from the show	My mom and I love the show breaking bad .	Our first stop was the laundry where Walt worked .	When we got out of the car the cops came .	The cops told us a man was on the loose and we should be careful .
2	So Jim decided to pour milk on his uncooked oats .	Jim usually ate oatmeal everyday .	But one day , it was too hot to eat it .	And they became soft and chewy .	Jim was satisfied with his cold oats .
1	She gave her oldest granddaughter a beautiful brooch .	Grandmother Minnie gave her grandchildren special gifts .	Alyssa wore the brooch as often as she was allowed .	Her grandmother passed later that year .	The brooch became even more special as Alyssa fondly remembered her .
0	Annie had an appointment .	She needed to go downtown .	Unfortunately , she got lost .	She spent almost an hour wandering around .	Finally , she found the right building .
0	Anna woke up starving one morning .	She decided she 'd have cereal before she did her farm chores .	But when she went into the kitchen , she was disappointed .	All the milk was gone !	Anna had to milk the cow before having cereal after all !
2	They ordered mushrooms on both of the pizzas .	Alex went out for pizza with some friends .	He was the last one to the restaurant and they already ordered .	Alex hates mushrooms on his pizza .	He decided to just toughen up and eat them this one time .
2	Eventually he asked his friends for help .	Dan needed a job to pay his rent .	He applied for many jobs but had no responses .	Sarah needed to hire a new waiter for her restaurant .	Dan started working for Sarah so he can pay his rent .
3	His mom refused .	Sam was making a pickle and cheese sandwich .	His mom said it looked gross .	Sam offered it to her .	After a while , she finally accepted and it was the best meal ever .
2	But he questioned where is his real home ?	Charles graduated college and rented an apartment .	He still lived in college town and missed home .	He decided his real home is the first house he remembers living in .	He drove past that house and it now has nothing to do with his family .
1	Tom asked Jane out on a date to the movies .	Jane and Tom both liked each other a lot .	They went and had dinner and went to a movie .	Jane and Tom both had a great time .	They both agreed to meet again .
3	Soon all of the dollars and postage expenses added up .	Francis , an elderly and frail man , was moved by charity solicitations .	He replied to every request with a check for one dollar .	Soon he had gotten on countless mailing lists .	His daughters were dismayed to find his bank account depleted .
3	However , once I got to high school I did n't make the high school team .	When I was a kid , I played on a basketball team .	The team allowed anyone to play , there was no trying out .	Because of this , I was one of the best players on my team .	This was because I was up against much better players this time .
3	One day he was gone and the whole day was a little sad .	Aaron was a very sweet and funny boy .	At school he always joked around and made others laugh .	His teacher and friends could always count on him to brighten the day .	Everyone was so glad when Aaron came back .
0	Kelly decided she wanted to go on a rollercoaster .	Her friend suggested Batman .	The girls went on the ride .	As they went on it , Kelly started to scream .	She was afraid and wished she did n't go on it .
0	Ryan was the point guard on his school basketball team .	His team was good enough to make the finals game .	The game was tied with 3 seconds on the clock .	Ryan caught the ball on the inbound pass .	He took the three point shot and made it !
2	Bill had no idea what to do or what happened .	Bill was on his computer .	Suddenly , the screen went black .	He decided to call his son into the room to help him .	After a few moments , his son told him his battery had run out .
3	She picked out colors .	Carla woke up one morning and decided she wanted a new kitchen .	She shopped around for quotes .	She contacted an interior designer .	She finally had the kitchen of her dreams .
2	He told his mom that she needed to change the baby into girl clothes .	Jeff was very upset .	His baby sister was wearing a Batman shirt , but Batman was for boys .	His mom told him both boys and girls liked superheroes .	Jeff was very happy with this explanation .
0	Mary and her family checked into a vacation rental near the beach .	A previous guest had left behind a bottle of insect repellent .	Mary 's curious 2 year old son found the bottle in the bathroom .	He squirted himself in the eye .	Mary spent the next 20 minutes flushing her son 's eye with water .
3	My mother got even more agitated when she saw the syringe .	When my father died my mother and I had to go to the hospital .	We were hysterical and my aunt hoped they could sedate us .	I was ten years old so they could n't give me anything .	The doctor had me hold my mother down while he injected her .
3	He went inside it and saw no ghosts or spooky things at all .	Ben 's friend told him a local house was haunted .	She dared him to go inside it .	Ben was nervous , but he agreed .	He told his friend the house was n't really haunted after all !
0	Jane 's eyes were unusually large .	As she walked through the park , she attracted much attention .	A teenage boy stopped Jane on the path and asked her a question .	Jane knew the boy was just wanting to talk to her .	Jane answered the boy and went on her way with a smile .
2	I asked her out on a date and she accepted .	My cousin introduced me to this dating application .	I decided to try it out and ended up meeting a nice female .	When we met each other in person , we enjoyed each other 's company .	We also exchanged numbers before leaving .
0	Jimmy had always wanted to learn how to play card games .	His family encouraged him to start by learning poker .	He practiced very hard for a few weeks .	Finally he was a terrific poker player .	Jimmy was very happy to learn how to play his first card game .
4	He did n't stop until I blocked him from all social media .	Brian was my ex-boyfriend of two years .	It had been several years since we broke up .	He tracked me down via all of my social media .	After ignoring him for so long , I confronted him and told him to stop .
1	She invited her mom , hoping she would attend .	Lana was having a baby shower .	Her mom said that she would be working that weekend .	Instead , her mom drove a friend 's daughter to a college interview .	Lana found out on Facebook , and was heartbroken .
3	Jake and his grandfather spent the whole day talking and building .	Jake and his grandfather were spending the day together .	Jake 's grandfather had already planned ahead and bought a train set .	He brought it out and Jake 's eyes lit up like stars .	They had a wonderful day together bonding over the train set .
3	For a while she wondered what she could use the yellow paint on .	Joanna had the weekend off .	She was bored at home and wanted to occupy herself .	She remembered there was a spare can of paint in the garage .	She decided to paint the shutters of her home yellow .
0	Burton applied online to his favorite universities .	He waited for their answers .	He checked his email several times per day .	He received an email from his top choice school .	He was glad to hear that he was accepted .
3	He pulled into the nearest drive thru .	He was at a sluggish pace in the morning .	He had woken up late , but was trying to get to work .	He knew he needed something to pick him up .	And there it was , coffee , what he needed to get his day started .
2	They remained there for the entire day .	There was a power outage in the neighborhood due to the thunderstorm .	Most of the citizens were escorted to a large shelter .	On the bright side , many people communicated with each other .	They also participated in several activities such as cooking .
3	He spoke with many other people at the church .	Carlos had always wanted to visit a church .	He decided to take a trip to a local church in his town .	At the church he was impressed with the the stained glass windows .	Carlos was happy he had taken a trip to the church .
0	Mark Anthony was an exceptional surgeon .	One evening while performing a hysterectomy he noticed something .	A throat lozenge was laying in inside of the patient 's vaginal cavity .	He looked around and noticed his assistant Kristoff looked sheepish .	Kristoff was sent home with a sore throat .
0	Mike wanted to earn a pizza party at school .	In order to do so , he needed to get good grades .	His grades so far had been not so great .	That month , he worked as hard as he could .	Luckily , he got his grade up high enough and earned the pizza .
1	His heart is in trouble .	Tyler is very obese .	One day he decided to eat deep fried butter .	That evening he had a heart attack .	Tyler knows he needs to change his lifestyle .
1	He liked robotics .	Jacob was eager for the upcoming science fair .	This year he decided to build a robot as his science fair project .	He worked very hard day and night to perfect his creation .	Jacob 's efforts paid off when he took home the first place ribbon .
0	There was a place that everyone who lived had stinky toes .	Sam was a beautiful girl but she lived in that place .	I wanted to visit her but the stench was truly horrific .	Once I saw her it was all worth it .	I wore a nose clip from then on out .
0	Rosa Parks got on the bus after a hard day at work .	She was exhausted and sat in the only seat available to her .	Some of the other passengers thought she should not sit there .	She was forcefully removed from the bus .	This inspired a bus boycott that helped win civil rights in the US .
3	Her family felt stressed but she was full of vigor .	Mary was visiting family at her childhood home .	During her visit a blizzard occurred .	She was very excited to see all the snow .	She helped her family by shoveling all the snow for them .
4	Still he was happy he had given love another chance .	Horatio had n't experienced any romance since his wife had passed .	Finally he decided to sign up for an online dating service .	He met a nice woman and they went out for coffee .	However , Horatio did not feel a strong connection with her .
0	Eloise was ecstatic she had a date to the prom .	The theme was fairy tales .	Eloise dressed up in a pink dress and went as a fairy godmother .	Her date thought she looked absolutely stunning .	Eloise and her date were voted prom queen and king .
0	Every morning , sun shining through Gabe 's window woke him up .	So he decided to get dark curtains .	The curtains blocked the sunlight .	And Gabe 's room was also cooler .	Gabe got the same curtains for every window in his house .
0	My friend 's son just graduated from college .	He moved from his NH home and lived in Boston .	His girlfriend was still in college in Boston .	She found out he had cheated on her in college .	She broke up with him and he is now miserable .
1	After basic training he was sent to Germany .	When my dad was 17 he was drafted into the Army .	My mom went to live with him there .	They traveled around Europe for two years .	When they returned home they had their first child .
1	The note led her on a huge scavenger hunt .	Sarah arrived at school to find a note on her locker .	She followed the trail , figuring out clues at each turn .	Finally , she reached the end and saw her boyfriend with flowers .	He was asking her to go to prom with him , and she said yes .
2	The quarterback called for a passing play .	The football team was losing by seven points in the fourth quarter .	The team huddled around the quarterback .	With only seconds left in the game , the quarterback threw a long pass .	Sadly , the receiver did not catch the ball .
0	It was the last game for Sam 's varsity football team .	Sam had been playing football since he was 7 Year 's old .	All the seniors would be honored tonight .	Sam 's coach decided to play a junior in his spot .	Sam was disappointed that he would never play football again .
1	It is a bit of a scam so I always avoid it .	I was in Rome and all over are flower salesman .	This one insisted it was free so I took it to get away .	He then started to ask for money .	I gave back the rose , frustrated .
2	They walked down the road .	Emma and Sara wanted to go for a walk .	They decided to go to the store .	Then , they were at a store .	There , they bought snacks .
3	My friends and I had a great time .	Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade .	It was very fun .	I loved seeing all the floats .	We could n't wait to come back next year .
4	They all had swordfish for dinner that night .	Thomas went deep sea fishing with his friends .	He went all day and had n't caught anything .	Suddenly , he caught something .	Thomas and his friends worked hard to reel the heavy fish in .
0	Ragnar has always wanted to have a hobby .	He notices that his time after work is lonely and boring .	He decides to become a stamp collector .	He gathers a wide variety of stamps , both rare and common .	Ragnar is happy that he has something to do outside of work .
2	He went to the doctors to get it checked out .	Timmy was an average healthy man .	Yesterday , he noticed a sore on his arm .	It was a minor rash .	It went away by itself .
0	Daisy loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection .	Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard .	New specimens were getting harder to find , making her sad .	Daisy 's parents wanted to help , so they planned a trip to the Park .	That weekend , they all had a great time together hiking for new rocks .
4	He was banned from the game .	Michael was playing a video game .	He was absolutely ruling at the game , beating everyone .	No one knew that he had modded his game so that it was easier .	Then , one of the admins found out .
3	She realized there was a line forming .	Amy was at the store checking out .	She looked in her wallet but could n't find her money .	She looked in other parts of her purse .	Amy could n't find the cash so she paid with her card .
1	However his phone broke .	Jay needed to call home .	He wanted to talk to his mom so badly .	Tim decided to buy Jay a phone .	After that Jay was able to call home when he wanted .
1	Right now I can do about fifty .	I 've always wanted to do over a hundred push ups .	I worked at it for months , doing some everyday .	I also got plenty of rest and ate all good food .	A few months later I reached my goal !
3	Cindy was alone .	Cindy hated valentine 's day .	It was the day her heart got broken .	Valentine 's day came around next year .	Cindy stayed alone every single valentine 's day .
1	However , he kept interrupting me when I 'm talking .	I was trying to tell my uncle a message .	I tried to speak over him but he would n't stop .	I immediately walked away .	He did n't say a single word to me for the rest of the day .
4	Jeff stormed into his boss 's office and quit on the spot .	Jeff has been trying to get a promotion at work .	He has been trying at this for a year now and is growing impatient .	The company he works for decided to go with an outside hire instead .	Jeff felt that this was a direct slap in the face from his boss .
0	Sandra was doing her laundry in her apartment 's shared facility .	While waiting for clothes to be done washing , she went upstairs .	She got distracted and was two minutes late coming back downstairs .	A neighbor had already dumped her wet clothes on the dirty floor !	She was furious and could n't wait to move away .
1	It was a green mug given to her by her grandfather .	Alice was very particular about her coffee mug .	One day , Alice caught her roommate using her green mug .	Alice confronted her roommate and got her mug back .	From then on , Alice kept her prized mug in her room .
0	Nora 's rice was a little bland .	She decided to add some hot sauce .	She shook it into her bowl , then tasted .	But now the rice was way too spicy !	Nora was unable to eat the extra-hot rice .
1	But , he did n't have enough money for an apartment .	Sean decided to move out of his parent 's house .	He decided to live in his car .	One night , someone stole his car .	Now , he was completely homeless .
3	Lacy decided she needed some quiet time .	Lacy had two children .	It was nearly impossible to get them to sleep .	When one was about to sleep , the other 's noises would keep them up .	She drove them around until they were both sound asleep .
1	However , he was not a very safe driver .	Jamin always thought he was a good driver .	He was always driving over the speed limit .	He was pulled over by a policeman for going over the speed limit .	Now , he always drives the speed limit .
0	Jade was a huge Disney fan .	She wanted to go to Disneyworld really bad .	Jade picked up an extra job and worked long hours .	She saved every dime that she made .	Jade made enough money and took her dream trip to Disney .
3	Then she entered a race .	Lee wanted to compete in a race .	She started running on her own .	Soon she was faster and faster .	Lee came in third place !
3	The medicine was still affecting my judgement quite a bit .	I had my wisdom teeth removed when I was twenty-eight .	I was very nervous to have a surgery for the first time .	Upon coming out of the surgery , I felt great .	I asked the nurses if I could keep the teeth they had removed .
0	Jack and Jill went out on their dock .	They were going fishing .	Jack tripped and fell into the water .	Jill dove in after him .	Jill saved Jack 's life .
0	I decided I wanted to read a nonfiction book this afternoon .	After thinking about different books , I decided on store and left .	The drive there was simple and quick .	Once at the store I was able to find my book quickly and check out .	I took my book home and proceeded to read it .
3	He used the investor funds to successfully carry out his scheme .	Marty wanted a new video game , but had no money .	He thought of a scheme to raise the funds he needed .	He gathered some friends together that he could count on to invest .	When he bought the video game , he congratulated himself .
0	Tessa wanted to get her ears pierced .	Her mom finally agreed .	They went to the jewelry store at the mall .	She sat in a tall chair with a worker on either side .	On the count of three they pierced her ears at the same time .
3	There we saw many monuments and works of art .	Growing up , I had always wanted to visit France .	When I was twenty-six , I got the chance to go .	I traveled with a group of strangers to Paris .	Getting to go to France on that trip was a dream come true .
4	Ed ran back home in pain and did n't go to the market that day .	It was hot that day .	The day that Ed went to the market .	He was sweating all down his face .	The salty sweat stung his eyes .
3	He walked outside the shadow and sat back down again .	A pair of cats were sitting on a fence in the summer sun .	A cloud passed over the sun and it bothered the cats .	One cat jumped off the fence to try to get back into the light .	The other cat saw this and decided to join him .
2	He looked out the window and saw the ominous clouds .	Ralph noticed his dog 's start to pace nervously .	He knew this could be one of two things .	He got up immediately and closed all the windows in his house .	He then got his dogs a treat so that they could calm down .
4	She was deported .	Genie is from Canada , and his proud of her heritage .	She did everything she could to represent her country .	Still , some people thought she was a poor representative .	Genie did n't get it , so she kept doing what she felt was patriotic .
3	Bev saw that she had a flat tire !	Bev was driving home from work one day .	Suddenly her ride got very bumpy .	She pulled over and got out to check .	She had to call the auto club to come and help her .
2	But she told him it was a waste of time .	Rick was memorizing all of digits of pi .	He told his math teacher that he memorized 50 digits of it .	Rick knew it was simply memorization work .	But he enjoyed it so much .
3	But suddenly , a light from across the woods shone brightly .	As a child I got lost in the forest behind my house one night .	It was really cold , and I had forgotten my gloves .	I thought for sure I 'd be lost out there forever .	My parents had been looking for me , and now I was safe and sound .
4	Together , they were able to make a little song .	Sean was playing a tune on his guitar .	He wanted some drums to back him up .	He decided to teach his girlfriend how to play it .	She learned a basic beat quickly .
3	She will drive me to and from the event and take care of me afterwards	I have to have surgery on Monday , which is five days away .	As each day goes by I get more and more nervous .	I have asked my mother to be at the hospital with me during my surgery	I am grateful that I have such a loving mother in my life .
2	I remembered to do it on the second and third day .	My neighbor asked me to water his flowers while he was on vacation .	I remembered to do it the first day .	But I forgot on the last few days .	When he came home his flowers were dead .
1	All of a sudden the internet went down .	Sam was online .	He called the company and they looked into the problem .	They were able to fix it in an hour .	Sam was frustrated but happy he had the internet back .
4	He now has a buzzcut and bad attitude .	Charlie loved his long hair .	It had n't been cut in three Year 's .	His dad made him cut it for family photos .	He told the barber not to cut that much .
3	One day while walking , he was almost hit by a car .	Don was always moving slow .	He loved walking slowly .	He liked to enjoy the scenery .	He never walked slowly again .
0	Luke loved everything about Star Wars .	He was so excited about the upcoming film .	Luke camped out to be in line for the pre sale of movie tickets .	When he got up to the cashier they told him he was the lucky winner .	Luke had won VIP tickets to the private pre screening of the movie .
4	Lucy finally agreed to start with a pillow .	Lucy 's grandma was teaching her to sew .	Lucy wanted to make a jacket .	Grandma suggested they start with something easier .	Lucy was upset that her grandma had no faith in her .
1	Everyone comes over once a month .	Barbecue is famous at Dave 's house .	They grill up lots of meat .	This time they messed up and undercooked the meat .	Everyone ended up getting sick .
1	Stacy returned his feelings because she felt the same way .	Jasper fell in love with Staci when he was young .	Jasper and Stacy got married when they were twenty years old .	They eventually had three children .	Jasper realized that love can definitely work out .
4	At work , everyone complimented her unique hat .	Kate needed a new hat .	She decided to make her own .	She gathered the materials and she found a tutorial .	She worked all night sewing her new hat .
2	She told me that she actually needed to borrow more .	My mom borrowed $ 100 dollars from me and promised to pay me back soon .	A few days later , I asked if she had the money .	I refused and walked away .	We did n't talk for the whole day .
3	But he did n't find any dinosaur skeletons at all !	Bee was digging in his backyard .	He was eager to dig up dinosaur bones !	He spent all day searching for fossils .	He did , however , find three dimes and a bottle cap !
1	He decided to take it out for a ride .	Rex owned a motorcycle .	A semi-truck did not see him riding down the busy road .	The truck almost hit Rex 's bike .	Rex was happy to have moved just in time to miss the truck .
1	The family would gather around on Saturday night to watch together .	Once a month , one of the six Aull children got to pick a movie .	Bobby hated that his five sisters always picked girlie movies .	So when it was his turn , he picked an adventure film .	His sisters complained , but his dad always liked his choice .
2	Sean killed Morgan to claim the crown for himself .	Morgan was the king of his country .	His brother Sean was very jealous of his crown .	Little did he know , Sal , Morgan 's son was waiting to confront him .	Sal banished Sean from the kingdom and became the new king .
3	Bob really liked the idea .	Bob saw the snow falling outside his room window .	He asked his mother if he could play in the snow .	His mother suggested they build a snowman .	Bob and his mother built a great snowman .
0	Walking on a California beach I came upon a jellyfish .	He was stranded on the beach .	He was still alive .	His tentacles were twitching pathetically .	It hurt when I picked him up to throw him in the water .
2	After we started feeding him the new food he started farting .	My dog ran out of his usual food .	We keep freeze-dried food around in case this happens .	Not just little farts - there were ones you could hear across the room	So for the time being he 's not allowed to sleep in my bed !
1	She absolutely loved the dog .	Kelly got a new dog yesterday .	However this morning she lost track of it .	She looked all over town trying to find it .	Thankfully she found it after all in her neighbor 's yard .
1	He wanted to get a fence installed at his home for the dog .	Ricky had just gotten a new puppy .	He drove to his hardware store .	He bought wooden planks and nails .	He built the fence by himself in a week .
3	He went to school the next day confident he would pass .	Adam 's teacher told the class there would be an exam the next day .	Adam was worried because he was n't sure he knew the material well .	He went home and studied as hard as he could .	He passed the exam and was very happy .
0	Martha was overweight .	She decided to hire a personal trainer .	The personal trainer was helpful at first .	However he started to maker her feel bad about her body .	Martha became angry and fired her personal trainer .
2	The game was about to begin	Randy told his children he would be there for them at the game	His children were so happy their dad was gon na watch them	Randy was with another woman in a white van	Randy disappointing his kids by not showing up to the game
3	First one then the other blinked and looked at her .	She turned up the television to drown out the background noise .	Her brothers continued to yell and play wrestle with each other .	Finally she got so upset that she yelled out for them to stop .	Then they came to sit next to her on the couch and all watched tv .
4	Jake was so happy and smiled all day .	Jake was stretching for his first run in 20 minutes .	He was ready , and his friends said good luck .	He took first place !	After the race his friends took him out to celebrate .
3	He pulled on Kate 's pants leg while barking .	Kate and Bailey wanted a puppy .	They drove to the animal shelter to find one .	There was one little boxer puppy who was very cute and adorable .	Kate and Bailey took the little pup home with them .
0	The weather called for several inches of snow .	Bobby locked up her house and turned up the heat .	She watched as it got dark outside .	Soon the wind and snow was raging !	The snowstorm was severe and intimidating .
2	All of the other food was ready and the table was set .	It was Thanksgiving day .	Sean was in charge of the turkey .	When Sean checked the turkey , he saw that the bottom was still raw .	Instead , he just cut some pieces from the top and served those .
2	After finding the recipe , Barry gathered the ingredients .	Barry wanted to bake some cupcakes .	Barry searched the internet for a quick and easy recipe .	Once the batter was mixed , Barry began baking the cupcakes .	After tasting , Barry realized he loved baking cupcakes .
4	Finally , he started using twitter .	Matt did n't have a twitter account .	He decided to sign up for one .	He put all of his info in .	Then , he confirmed his email address .
1	They decided to go on Saturday .	The Perez family liked to go to the park .	Saturday it rained .	The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home .	They had a good day playing board games at home .
2	He ran towards the door and realized a shoe was gone .	Anthony woke up at 7:15 in the morning .	He quickly brushed his teeth and put on his work attire .	Anthony searched frantically for twenty minutes .	He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result .
2	She got dye and a perm to restore his blonde curls .	Linda loved it when strangers complimented her boy 's blonde curls .	As the boy grew , Linda noticed his hair darken and straighten .	They went to the doctor for the boy 's rash from the harsh chemicals .	When the doctor saw the boy 's dark roots , he looked at Linda .
2	As soon as the light turned green Tim was off .	Tim revved his engine at the car next to him at a light .	The other car revved back .	It was a close race but Tim pulled ahead at the end .	Tim won and felt proud
1	Her husband and her went in for an ultrasound .	Mary was pregnant .	The ultrasound technician told them that her babies were doing great .	Mary and her husband were confused to what that meant .	To their surprise , the technician told them they were having twins .
1	He restocked items .	Stephen worked at a supermarket .	He hated his job , and wanted to quit .	One day he overslept and was fired for missing half of his shift .	Stephen was relieved to be free of the job .
3	Abdullah cleans up and heads home .	Abdullah arrives at the gym .	He warms up with a quick run .	Abdullah does his leg routine .	He passes out for a nap because he 's exhausted from leg day .
3	When Chris tried it he was amazed at how bright it was outside .	Chris had been agoraphobic for years .	He had a special worker from the state come and bring him things .	They became friends and she encouraged him to go outside again .	He promised his worker he would try it more .
4	She barely made it to school before stalling out .	Kate was driving to school .	She was running a bit late .	She was low on gas .	She decided not to stop to get more .
4	Coco lost her job and had to learn to go to bed early .	Being late for work was normal for Coco .	She always stayed up super late .	Coco would sleep through her alarm every morning .	Her boss was n't satisfied with her daily tardiness .
0	Tim closed down his laptop after finally typing the last word .	He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away .	Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion .	Smiling to himself , he realized he was a free man .	The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room .
3	All day , she cleaned nasty messes from the cages .	Jane had a soft spot for animals .	She decided to volunteer at a shelter .	At the shelter , she was given the job of cleaning cages .	Jane never went back to help at the shelter .
1	He did n't hear her at all since he was wearing his headphones .	Tanya was trying to communicate with Khan .	She tried yelling at him .	In addition , she flipped over his chair .	He looked at her as if she was crazy lunatic .
1	Tracy is fearless , smart and a winner .	My new best friend is Tracy E Warren .	Doug left his wife Robin for Tracy .	I used to think Doug was wrong leaving his wife .	I have since learned it was inevitable .
3	He fell flat for a moment , but eventually woke up .	Gary came out of the bathroom with his hands yet .	He went to the kitchen to prepare some toast .	When he touched the toaster , he got shocked .	The toaster was thrown away since it broke .
2	At work , she began to feel better .	Judy moved into a new home .	But soon she felt sick .	At home , she noticed how dirty the carpet was .	She paid someone to clean it .
1	She was convinced it was the end of her life .	Sam was about to turn thirty .	Her friends tried everything to make her happy .	On the night of her birthday , they told her to get dressed up .	They picked her up and surprised her with a party .
1	The chemo made all Harlan 's hair fall out .	Harlan started chemo yesterday to get rid of her cancers .	We took her to a wig shop .	Harlan bought a wig that looked like her old hair .	Harlan now wears that wig every day .
3	She screamed when she touched the bottom again and found a huge snake .	Lucinda loved to go swimming .	She often swam in the lake by her house during the summer .	One afternoon in the lake , she felt something squishy under her foot .	Lucinda decided to stick to swimming in her pool the rest of the year .
4	Ed ended up crashing his car !	Ed 's parents bought him a car for his birthday .	They told Ed he could n't have it until he got his license .	But Ed was so eager , he stole the keys and snuck out with it .	He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong .
4	He had sent her a beautiful new sweatshirt .	Betsy was excited for her upcoming birthday .	She was looking forward to a gift from her brother in Virginia .	Finally the big day had arrived .	She went down to the mailbox to look for a package .
2	A packet of gas relief tablets fell out of the purse onto the paper .	Joan shopped for a gift to impress her new mother-in-law .	She tossed her purse on the floor with the wrapping supplies .	Joan finished wrapping and presented the gift .	Her mother-in-law looked strangely at Joan as she unwrapped it .
1	She was looking forward to starting high school .	Tami was in the 8th grade .	One day leaving math class she saw a flyer for Volleyball tryouts .	They were for the high school she wanted to attend .	Tami made up her mind to try out for the JV Volleyball team .
