The results show characteristic behaviors depending on the next-nearest-neighbor interaction $ \alpha $ and the bond-alternation $ \delta $ .	We discuss the lower excited states in comparison with the exact excitation spectrums of an effective Hamiltonian .
High-resolution optical spectra of the ultraluminous X-ray source NGC 5408 X-1 show a broad component with a width of ~750 km/s in the HeII and Hbeta lines in addition to the narrow component observed in these lines and [ O III ] .	Reanalysis of moderate-resolution spectra shows a similar broad component in the HeII line .
Eight observations ( six sources ) showed intrinsic variability with power spectra in the form of either a power law or broken power law-like continuum and in some cases quasi-periodic oscillations ( QPOs ) .	The remaining observations were used to place upper limits on the strength of possible variability hidden within .
With the aim of estimating the SFR in ULIRGs by means of Core Collapse supernova ( CCSN ) detections , we started an observing campaign with the EVN on a small sample of the brightest and farthest ULIRGs in the local Universe .	We present here our results from three epochs of quasi-simultaneous observations with the EVN at 6 and 18 cm towards one of the objects in our sample : IRAS 23365+3604 .
Two low-dimensional magnetohydrodynamic models containing three velocity and three magnetic modes are described .	One of them ( nonhelical model ) has zero kinetic and current helicity , while the other model ( helical ) has nonzero kinetic and current helicity .
gamma-weibull kernel .	The gamma kernel is nonnegative , changes the shape depending on the position on the semi-axis and possess good boundary properties for a wide class of densities .
The strong coupling effect for general electronic structures is also taken into account .	We show that the experimentally observed features in $ H_ { c2 } \parallel \hat { z } $ , the huge value up to 30 ( T ) , the downward curvatures , and the strong pressure dependence , are naturally understood as an interplay of the Rashba spin-orbit interaction due to the lack of inversion symmetry and the spin fluctuations near the QCP .
The platform mentioned above allows the emulation of whole computer systems , configurable to the level of its components , represented by the plug-in modules of the platform .	Development tasks still are in progress at the home institution of the authors .
In 1964 , Bell showed that certain types of classical models can not explain the quantum mechanical predictions for specific states of distant particles .	Along this line , some types of hidden variable models have been experimentally ruled out .
Both electron beams have initially equal densities , temperatures and moduli of their nonrelativistic mean velocities .	The FI is electromagnetic in this case .
We investigate how a realistic red sequence population set up by z~1 evolves under different assumptions for the merger and star formation histories , comparing changes in color , luminosity and mass .	The purely passive fading of existing red sequence galaxies , with no further mergers or star formation , results in dramatic changes at the bright end of the luminosity function and color-magnitude relation .
A deep Chandra observation of ESO137-001 allows us for the first time to examine the spatial and spectral properties of such X-ray tails in detail .	Besides the known bright tail that extends to ~ 80 kpc from ESO137-001 , a fainter and narrower secondary tail with a similar length was surprisingly revealed .
This model was introduced to interpret experimental results dating from 1988 on OAPP .	The channels are thought to be of larger diameter than believed before because , for an N-S-N system where the superconductor consists of an array of single-walled carbon nanotubes , the resistance , for good contacts , is R_Q/2N , where N is the number of nanotubes and R_Q=12.9 kOhm [ See e.g.M . Ferrier et al. , Solid State Commun .
This configuration is initially prepared starting from a homogeneous flow via a suitable space-dependent change of the interaction constant .	The evolution is numerically followed to long times : depending on the parameters , the system typically either converges to the lowest energy solution by evaporating away the horizons or displays a continuous and periodic coherent emission of solitons .
The magnetic phase diagram with H || a adds further complexity .	For small applied fields , H = 0.05 T , the commensurate lock-in phases are destabilized in favor of the incommensurate SDW , while slightly larger applied fields restore the commensurate lock-in phase with delta = 1/2 and yield a new commensurate phase with delta = 2/5 .
The method is illustrated by a two-soliton potential .	It is proven that a particular case of the periodic Lame-Ince potential is 2-SUSY invariant .
Its compositional dependence shows an interesting non-monotonous behaviour .	For 0 & lt ; x & lt ; ~45 as well as for ~75 & lt ; x & lt ; ~95 the Debye temperature is enhanced relative to its value of a metallic iron , and at x=~3 there is a local maximum having a relative height of ~12 % compared to a pure iron .
Then , after adapting the compactness results due to Mellet-Vasseur [ Comm .	Partial Differential Equations 32 ( 2007 ) ] , we obtain the global existence of weak solutions to the barotropic compressible Navier-Stokes equations with degenerate viscosity coefficients in two or three dimensional periodic domains or whole space for large initial data .
The generalization of these ideas to multi-asset models is also presented .	Though similarly based on response function techniques , our approach is alternative to the one recently employed by Shayeghi and Coolen for canonical batch Minority Games with arbitrary number of strategies .
Being the main gas-heating agent , cosmological shocks could amplify magnetic fields and accelerate energetic particles via the multi-fluid plasma relaxation processes .	We first discuss the basic properties of standard single-fluid shocks .
Using a sample of 229618 narrow emission-line galaxies , we have determined the normal star formation histories ( SFHs ) for galaxies with different activity types : star forming galaxies ( SFGs ) , transition type objects ( TOs ) , Seyfert 2s ( Sy2s ) and LINERs .	We find that the variation of the SFH with the activity type is explained by the mass of the galaxies and the importance of their bulge : the LINERs reside in massive early-type galaxies , the Sy2s and TOs are hosted by intermediate mass galaxies with intermediate morphological types , and the SFGs are found in lower mass late-type spirals .
It states that your friends have on average more friends than you do .	Recent efforts have explored variations of it , with numerous implications for the dynamics of social networks .
This allows us to give a strong concentration property , along with a few moment comparison inequalities .	Also , the theory of negatively associated variables is being developed in its own right , which allows us to hope more results will be available .
Our approach is particularly interesting since the actor in the category of Leibniz crossed modules does not exist in general , so the technique used in the proof for the Lie case can not be applied .	Finally we move on to the framework of the Loday-Pirashvili category $ \mathcal { LM } $ in order to comprehend this universal enveloping crossed module in terms of the Lie crossed modules case .
We give the radial profiles of frequencies of the Keplerian ( vertical ) and radial epicyclic oscillations .	We show how the standard relativistic precession model modified by the tidal charge fits the observational data , giving estimates of the allowed values of the tidal charge and the brane tension based on the processes going in the vicinity of neutron stars .
This alteration allows outwardly decreasing angular velocity or temperature gradients to become strongly destabilizing .	This paper generalizes an earlier , simple analysis of the viscosity instability , by including the dynamical effects of magnetic field line tension .
In the final section we apply the Hilbert space results to the Sobolev spaces $ H^s ( \Omega ) $ and $ \widetilde { H } ^s ( \Omega ) $ , for $ s\in \mathbb { R } $ and an open $ \Omega\subset \mathbb { R } ^n $ .	We exhibit examples in one and two dimensions of sets $ \Omega $ for which these scales of Sobolev spaces are not interpolation scales .
The nonhydrostaticity of the pressure is discussed from the viewpoint of the broadening effect of the ruby $ R_1 $ fluorescence line .	The $ R_1 $ line basically broadens above the liquid-solid transition pressure at room temperature .
Due to the complexity of Service-Oriented Architecture ( SOA ) , cost and effort estimation for SOA-based software development is more difficult than that for traditional software development .	Unfortunately , there is a lack of published work about cost and effort estimation for SOA-based software .
Recently an algorithm for reverse engineering of biochemical networks was developed by Laubenbacher and Stigler .	It is a top-down approach using time discrete dynamical systems .
The method that we use for this purpose was developed by H. Davenport and W.M .	Schmidt in their study of approximation to real numbers by algebraic integers .
Our work provides a new way to measure the thermal exponent theta without any assumption about the procedure to generate typical low-lying excitations .	We find clear evidence that theta & lt ; theta_ { DW } where theta_ { DW } is the thermal exponent obtained in domain-wall theory showing that MacMillan excitations are not typical .
We develop an all electrical experiment to perform the broadband phase-resolved spectroscopy of propagating spin waves in micrometer sized thin magnetic stripes .	The magnetostatic surface spin waves are excited and detected by scaled down to 125 nm wide inductive antennas , which award ultra broadband wavevector capability .
In this paper we show that the pair ( D ( M ) , D^c ( M ) ) admits a topological ( \prod^\omega \ell_2 , \sum^\omega \ell_2 ) -factor .	In the case n = 2 , this enables us to apply the characterization of ( \prod^\omega \ell_2 , \sum^\omega \ell_2 ) -manifolds and show that the pair ( D ( M ) _0 , D^c ( M ) _0 ) is a ( \prod^\omega \ell_2 , \sum^\omega \ell_2 ) -manifold and determine its topological type .
No previous theoretical models of the myosin-V walk reproduce all the observed trends of velocity and run-length with [ ADP ] , [ ATP ] and external forcing .	In particular , a result that has eluded all theoretical studies based upon rigorous physical chemistry is that run length decreases with both increasing [ ADP ] and [ ATP ] .
The field drives the closed dipole transition with arbitrary values of the angular momenta $ J_ { g } $ and $ J_ { e } $ of the ground and excited state .	The steady-state density matrix is expressed in terms of spherical harmonics of a complex direction given by the field polarization vector .
In this paper we present a simple defense protocol to fully eliminate this new attack by increasing the noise-temperature at the side of the smaller resistance value over the noise-temperature at the at the side with the greater resistance .	It is shown that this simple protocol totally removes Eve 's information not only for the new attack but also for the old Bergou-Scheuer-Yariv attack .
The minimal model describing this QCP is the single-copy of the 3+1 Dirac fermion , whose topological mass $ m $ induces the quantum phase transition .	We derived the phase diagram spanned by this mass-term $ m $ , chemical potential $ \mu $ and strength of the disorder within the self-consistent Born approximation .
However , a serious challenge in fuzzy clustering is the lack of scalability .	Massive datasets in emerging fields such as geosciences , biology and networking do require parallel and distributed computations with high performance to solve real-world problems .
Detailed microstructural analysis is essential in order to understand the origin of these unusual properties .	Here we have used a range of complementary scanning electron microscope based techniques , including high-resolution electron backscatter di raction mapping , to assess local variations in composition and lattice parameter with high precision and sub-micron spatial resolution .
However , the large ( ~500 eV ) equivalent width of the line indicates that a significant fraction of the X-ray emission is likel y to arise from the hot intracluster gas which associates the galaxy cluster including 3C220.1 .	The spectral parameters of the thermal emission is consistent with the luminosity-temperature relation of nearby clusters and the mass estimates from the giant luminous arc .
In the absence of control field , a coupling field creates electromagnetically induced transparency ( EIT ) with Aulter-Townes doublet for the probe field .	A large absorption peak appears at resonance as the control field is switched on .
This work utilizes high-level coupled cluster theory previously shown to reproduce excited state energies to better than 0.1 eV compared with experiment in order to examine the electronic excited state properties of anions containing silicon and other higher main group atoms as well as their first row analogues .	Of the fourteen anions involved in this study , nine possess bound excited states of some kind : CH $ _2 $ SN $ ^- $ , C $ _3 $ H $ ^- $ , CCSiH $ ^- $ , CCSH $ ^- $ , CCNH $ _2^- $ , CCPH $ _2^- $ , BH $ _3 $ PH $ _2^- $ , AlH $ _3 $ NH $ _2^- $ , and AlH $ _3 $ PH $ _2^- $ .
In estimating the size of topological domains , this scenario shares with the original Kibble mechanism the idea that topological defects will form along the boundaries of independently selected regions of the new broken symmetry vacuum .	However , it derives the size of such domains from non-equilibrium aspects of the transition ( quench rate ) , as opposed to Kibble 's original proposal in which their size was estimated from the Ginzburg temperature above which thermally activated symmetry restoration can occur .
The symmetries , respectively , form two centerless Kac-Moody-Virasoro algebras .	The recursion operator $ L $ is proved to be hereditary and a strong symmetry for this isospectral equation hierarchy .
We implement the Glashow-Iliopoulos-Maiani ( GIM ) cancellation using charm quark masses of 750 MeV and 592 MeV .	This is an intermediate calculation , in that we are using both a coarse lattice spacing ( 1/a = 1.37GeV ) so we expect significant discretization error coming from charm quark mass and we are also using unphysical kinematics for the pion .
We use this composite biasing approach for two different problems faced by current state-of-the-art Monte Carlo radiative transfer codes : the generation of photon packages from multiple components , and the penetration of radiation through high optical depth barriers .	In both cases , the implementation of the relevant algorithms is trivial and does not interfere with any other optimisation techniques .
This enables us to use the most accurate wave functions and calculate the phase-shift functions without approximation .	Examples of proton nucleus ( e.g.p- $ ^6 $ He , p- $ ^6 $ Li ) and nucleus-nucleus ( e.g. $ ^6 $ He $ -^ { 12 } $ C ) scatterings illustrate the effectiveness of the method .
Both experiments were performed with the aim to determine the crystal-field scheme .	The magnetic form factor clearly excludes the possibility of a \Gamma7 doublet as the ground state .
In this paper , we define a $ q $ -analog of middle convolution .	Moreover , we show that it also can be expressed as a $ q $ -analog of Euler transformation .
Conversely , having Lagrangian dynamical system in a manifold , one can consider it as geometric equipment of this manifold .	Then properties of other dynamical systems can be studied relatively as compared to this Lagrangian one .
Curved-sided and straight-sided elements are considered .	For a straight-sided element we derive an exact analytical easy to implement consistent mass matrix .
For an optically thick metallic film , the transmission for both s- and p-polarized waves is extremely low .	If the metallic film is coated on both sides with a finite dielectric layer , light transmission for $ p $ -polarized waves can be enhanced considerably .
Superhumps were present with a peak-to-peak amplitude of up to ~0.3 mag , thereby confirming it to be a member of the SU UMa family of dwarf novae .	The mean superhump period during the later part of the 2012 outburst was Psh = 0.08076 ( 40 ) d. Analysis of the eclipse times of minimum , supplemented with data from other researchers , revealed an orbital period of Porb = 0.077880551 ( 17 ) d. The superhump period excess was epsilon = 0.037 ( 5 ) .
A key ingredient in our analysis of independent interest consists in a generalization of recent results on the approximate sparsity of generalized polynomial chaos representations ( gpc ) of the parametric solution families , in terms of the gpc series with respect to tensorized Chebyshev polynomials .	In particular , we establish sufficient conditions on the parametric inputs to the parametric operator equation such that the Chebyshev coefficients of the gpc expansion are contained in certain weighted $ \ell_p $ -spaces for $ 0 & lt ; p\leq 1 $ .
At least three are associated with active galactic nuclei ( AGN ) with no optical signatures of nuclear activity , with a further two being potential AGN .	Of the potential AGN , one corresponds to a galaxy with a post-starburst optical spectrum .
The Julia set of initial valuse with no convergence shows a complicated structre on the complex plane .	The shape of the Julia set varies with the parameter of the dynamics .
This paper builds upon the basic counting grid model and it shows that hierarchical reasoning helps avoid bad local minima , produces better classification accuracy and , most interestingly , allows for extraction of large numbers of coherent microtopics even from small datasets .	We evaluate this in terms of consistency , diversity and clarity of the indexed content , as well as in a user study on word intrusion tasks .
As a result , the strength of the first-order phase transition is weakened .	Analytical solutions to approximate flow equations are obtained , and all characteristics of the phase transition are discussed and compared to the results obtained from perturbation theory .
On the other hand , heavier , non-thermal dark matter is generally difficult to test experimentally .	Here we consider the interesting and generic case of hypercharged dark matter , which can allow for heavy dark matter masses without spoiling testability .
A simple model is used to compute the CMB temperature perturbation spectrum .	The results are compared with the treatment of perturbations in other approaches to the problem of the accelerated expansion of the universe .
Microscopic considerations from string/M theory suggest two major innovations in the framework .	First , the dependence of brane properties on the compactification of extra dimensions may generate a very small quantized unit for jumps in the effective cosmological term .
Various types of distribution for the phase are considered and we establish the existence of the empirical eigenvalue distribution in the large matrix limit on a wide range of cases .	The rate of growth of the maximum eigenvalue is examined and shown to be no greater than $ O ( \log N ) $ and no slower than $ O ( \log N/\log\log N ) $ where $ N $ is the dimension of the matrix .
However , we derive a `quasilocal dominant energy condition ' which is the natural consequence of the local dominant energy condition .	We discuss some implications of this quasilocal energy condition .
The fragment ejection exhibits a jet-like structure the direction of which depends on the impact parameter .	We obtain the velocity and the mass distribution of the debris .
This system describe a bundle of the characteristics along which the multidimensional problem is reduced to one-dimensional one that allows to utillize the standard interpretation of the wave function as well as for usual Schrodinger equation .	The obtained results for Bianchi type IX model are reduced to the following statement : the Universe tunnels through the barrier from an isotropic state with zero initial value of the scalar field and appear in classically allowed region with small anisotropy that is necessary for providing of long-lived inflation for deriving the Universe such as ours .
It is shown that the bilayer interaction splits the electron spectrum of doped bilayer cuprates into the bonding and antibonding components around the $ ( \pi,0 ) $ point .	The differentiation between the bonding and antibonding components is essential , which leads to two main flat bands around the $ ( \pi,0 ) $ point below the Fermi energy .
We establish a set of performance bounds for the bias and variance of the signal estimator via posterior mean , by capturing the conditional entropy ( which is also related to the size of the uncertainty ) , and the additional power required due to inaccurate information to reach a desired precision .	Based on this , we further study how to estimate covariance based on direct samples or covariance sketching .
We find its Shannon capacity when it is transmitting its observations over a fading AWGN channel with perfect/no channel state information provided at the transmitter .	We obtain an achievable rate when there are inefficiencies in energy storage and the capacity when energy is spent in activities other than transmission .
Various possible scenarios are presented , including the formation of a soliton-soliton bound pair .	We also analyze the soliton propagation in the presence of domains , and show that a dark soliton can be transferred from one component to the other at the domain wall when it exceeds a critical velocity .
We give six examples which fall into two classes .	One class has an exceptional prime 2 whereas in the other class \bar N ( q ) depends on the number of cube roots of unity in \F_q .
The continuum limit of the q Toda chain equations are obtained furnishing q deformations of the self dual membrane .	Finally , the continuum Moyal-Toda chain equation is embedded into the SU ( \infty ) Moyal-Nahm equations , rendering the relation with the Moyal deformations of the self dual membrane .
We show that the Witten-Nester charge , represented as an integral over the boundary of the initial value surface produces the Abbott-Deser-Tekin energy for asymptotically anti de Sitter spacetimes .	We consider all values of the Chern-Simons coupling constant , including the critical value known as the chiral point , and study the cases of standard Brown-Henneaux boundary conditions , as well as their weaker version that allow a slower fall-off .
We show that a two dimensional $ \ell $ -adic representation of the absolute Galois group of a number field which is locally potentially equivalent to a $ GL ( 2 ) $ - $ \ell $ -adic representation $ \rho $ at a set of places of $ K $ of positive upper density is potentially equivalent to $ \rho $ .	For an elliptic curver \ ( E \ ) defined over a number field \ ( K \ ) and a finite place \ ( v \ ) of \ ( K \ ) of good reduction for \ ( E \ ) , let \ ( F ( E , v ) \ ) denote the Frobenius field of \ ( E \ ) at \ ( v \ ) , given by the splitting field of the characteristic polynomial of the Frobenius automorphism at \ ( v \ ) acting on the Tate module of \ ( E \ ) .
The presence of non-symmorphic glide and screw axis symmetries give rise to surface states with a novel Mobius braiding .	Protected surface states on these Mobius Kondo insulators can be independently activated on any of the three orthogonal surfaces , giving rise to a rich phase diagram .
Richter and Thomassen argued that , for any given k & gt ; 0 and r & gt ; 5 , there are only finitely many simple k-crossing-critical graphs with minimum degree r. Salazar observed that the same argument implies such a conclusion for simple k-crossing-critical graphs of prescribed average degree r & gt ; 6 .	He established the existence of infinite families of simple k-crossing-critical graphs with any prescribed rational average degree r in [ 4 , 6 ) for infinitely many k and asked about their existence for r in ( 3 , 4 ) .
When particles move at a constant speed and have the tendency to align their directions of motion , ordered large scale movement can emerge despite significant levels of noise .	Many variants of this model of self-propelled particles have been studied to explain the coherent motion of groups of birds , fish or microbes .
A novel interpretation of MOND is presented .	For galactic data , in addition to Newtonian acceleration , there is an attractive acceleration peaking at Milgrom 's parameter a_0 .
For values of the gauge coupling up to the vicinity of the phase transition , the dominant short range effective coupling are well described by their corresponding strong coupling series .	We provide numerical results also for the longer range interactions , Polyakov lines in higher representations as well as four-point interactions , and discuss the growing significance of non-local contributions as the lattice gets finer .
The motivation is to apply molecular-based communications to challenging electromagnetic environments .	We first derive a novel capture probability expression of a finite sized receiver .
We study a simple aggregation model that mimics the clustering of traffic on a one-lane roadway .	In this model , each `` car '' moves ballistically at its initial velocity until it overtakes the preceding car or cluster .
Here , we present a combined theoretical and experimental study of the frictional forces encountered by a nanosize tip sliding on top of a supported multiwall CNT along a direction parallel or transverse to the CNT axis .	Surprisingly , we find a higher friction coefficient in the transverse direction compared with the parallel direction .
This mechanism involves biochemical reactions in an arterial wall .	The autoregulation process is managed by the vascular tonus and gives the negative feedback for the shear stress changing .
Monte Carlo simulations are presented for a coarse-grained model of real quadrupolar fluids .	Molecules are represented by particles interacting with Lennard-Jones forces plus the thermally averaged quadrupole-quadrupole interaction .
Concentration-dependent interatomic potentials can be built upon almost any type of potential for the pure elements including embedded atom method ( EAM ) , modified EAM , bond-order , and Stillinger-Weber type potentials .	In general , composition-dependent N-body terms in the total energy lead to explicit ( N+1 ) -body forces , which potentially renders them computationally expensive .
For the 2D Euler equations and related models of geophysical flows , minima of energy -- Casimir variational problems are stable steady states of the equations ( Arnol 'd theorems ) .	The same variational problems also describe sets of statistical equilibria of the equations .
The irrotational vortex geometry carachter of torsion loops is displayed by showing that torsion loops and nonradial flow acoustic metrics are conformally equivalent in $ ( 1+1 ) $ dimensions while radial flow acoustic spacetime are conformally related in $ ( 2+1 ) $ dimensional spacetime .	The analysis of 2-dimensional space allows us to express the fluid density in terms of the parameters of torsion loop metric .
Hard-sphere colloids are popular as models for testing fundamental theories in condensed matter and statistical physics , from crystal nucleation to the glass transition .	A single parameter , the volume fraction ( phi ) , characterizes an ideal , monodisperse hard-sphere suspension .
Fixed-point definitions can capture simple model checking problems and closed-world assumptions .	Its operational semantics is typically based on intuitionistic provability .
Monte-Carlo simulations including a finite interlayer exchange energy $ J_ { \perp } $ quantitatively reproduce the data ; the concavity indicates the effective dimensionality and $ B_ { \rm c } $ is an accurate measure of the in-plane exchange energy $ J $ .	Using these values and Ne\'el temperatures measured by muon-spin rotation , it is also possible to obtain a quantitative estimate of $ |J_ { \perp } /J| $ .
CSMA/ECA is a contention protocol that makes it possible to construct a collision-free schedule by using a deterministic backoff after successful transmissions .	In this paper , we further enhance the CSMA/ECA protocol with two properties that allows to fairly accommodate a large number of contenders in a collision-free schedule .
Three new approaches to generating thrust in uniform magnetic fields are proposed .	The first direction is based on employing Lorentz force acting on partial magnetically shielded 8-shaped loop with current in external magnetic field , whereby a net force rather than a torque origins .
As the thickness of the top Pd layer decreases , or equivalently as the embedded Fe layer moves closer to the top surface , the saturated magnetization normalized to area and the Curie temperature decrease whereas the coercivity increases .	These thickness-dependent observations for proximity-polarized thin-film Pd are qualitatively consistent with finite size effects that are well known for regular thin-film ferromagnets .
In a recent preprint , arXiv:1506.05455 , Keser et al .	considered a many-body generalization of coupled quantum kicked rotors , and showed that in the special integrable linear case , dynamical localization survives interactions .
We present new observations of the transiting system TrES-3 obtained from 2009 to 2011 at several observatories .	The orbital parameters of the system were re- determined and a new linear ephemeris was calculated .
We derive the temporal evolution of the effective temperature , radius , expansion speeds , and bolometric luminosity , as well as the progenitor wind density and total swept-up mass overtaken by the shock .	SN2006gy can be interpreted in the context of shock interaction with a dense CSM , but with quite extreme values for the CSM mass of 20 Msun and an explosion kinetic energy of at least 5e51 erg .
The total mass of an inflationary domain must be greater than $ 10^ { 72 } M_ { s } $ , where $ M_ { s } \sim l_s^ { -1 } $ .	If the universe is initially radiation dominated , then its total entropy at that time must be greater than $ 10^ { 68 } $ .
This article studies the smoothness of conformal mappings between two Riemannian manifolds whose metric tensors have limited regularity .	We show that any bi-Lipschitz conformal mapping between two manifolds with $ C^r $ metric tensors ( $ r & gt ; 1 $ ) is a $ C^ { r+1 } $ conformal diffeomorphism .
When combined with an estimate of the penguin amplitude ( `` $ P $ '' ) obtained using flavor SU ( 3 ) symmetry from $ B \to K \pi $ decays , information on $ T $ allows one to gauge the effects of the penguin amplitude on extraction of the weak phase $ \alpha = \phi_2 $ from the time-dependent CP-violating rate asymmetry in $ B^0 \to \pi^+ \pi^- $ .	The constraint on $ \alpha $ implied by a recent experimental result on this asymmetry is described .
We discuss the canonical quantization of systems formulated on discrete space-times .	We start by analyzing the quantization of simple mechanical systems with discrete time .
In the Tao-Thouless limit , $ L_1\to 0 $ , the interacting many-electron problem is exactly diagonalized at any rational filling factor $ \nu=p/q\le 1 $ .	For odd $ q $ , the ground state has the same qualitative properties as a bulk ( $ L_1 \to \infty $ ) quantum Hall hierarchy state and the lowest energy quasiparticle exitations have the same fractional charges as in the bulk .
In the case of column generators , a finite Gr\ '' { o } bner-Shirshov basis is given if $ A $ is finite .	From the Composition-Diamond lemma for associative algebras , it follows that the set of Young tableaux is a linear basis of plactic algebra .
The project develops a MediaWise Cloud platform that supports do-it-yourself creation , search , management , and consumption of multimedia content .	The MediaWise Cloud supports pay-as-you-go models and elasticity that are similar to those offered by commercially available cloud services .
The analysis of comorbidity is an open and complex research field in the branch of psychiatry , where clinical experience and several studies suggest that the relation among the psychiatric disorders may have etiological and treatment implications .	In this paper , we are interested in applying latent feature modeling to find the latent structure behind the psychiatric disorders that can help to examine and explain the relationships among them .
We introduce a global Cauchy-Riemann ( $ CR $ ) -invariant and discuss its behavior on the moduli space of $ CR $ -structures .	We argue that this study is related to the Smale conjecture in 3-topology and the problem of counting complex structures .
By tracing out a few further NRG shells , the resulting reduced density matrices carry relevant information on numerical accuracy as well as entanglement .	Their spectra can thus be analyzed twofold .
We show , that in many situations this problem can be reduced to the covering problem for the unit simplex .	This setting yields precise asymptotic characterization in the high-rate regime .
These semirelativistic beams , produced by phototriggered electron guns , are also injected into accelerators for x-ray light sources .	The achievable resolution of these time-resolved electron diffraction or x-ray experiments has been hindered by surface field and timing jitter limitations in conventional RF guns , which thus far are & lt ; 200 MV/m and & gt ; 96 fs , respectively .
Inside the spatio-temporal support , the wave function shows spatio-temporal internal vibration with angular frequency and wave number that are determined by the energy-momentum of the particle as firstly conjectured by de Broglie .	Imposing resonance of the internal vibration inside the spatio-temporal support leads to Planck-Einstein quantization of energy-momentum .
We analyze optical and X-ray observations of GRB 050904 obtained with TAROT and SWIFT .	We perform temporal and spectral analysis of the X-ray and optical data .
For loss rates below 10 % , this approach performs better than the best scheme known up to date [ Phys .	Rev.Lett. , 97 ( 12 ) :120501 ] .
We have identified a spiral arm lying beyond the Outer Arm in the first Galactic quadrant ~15 kpc from the Galactic center .	After tracing the arm in existing 21 cm surveys , we searched for molecular gas using the CfA 1.2 meter telescope and detected CO at 10 of 220 positions .
The existence of an anti-correlation between the equivalent width ( EW ) of the narrow core of the iron Kalpha line and the luminosity of the continuum ( i.e.the X-ray Baldwin effect ) in type-I active galactic nuclei has been confirmed over the last years by several studies carried out with XMM-Newton , Chandra and Suzaku .	However , so far no general consensus on the origin of this trend has been reached .
The thermal effects of merger shocks will be briefly discussed .	Mergers can increase the temperature and X-ray luminosities of clusters , and this may affect statistical conclusions about cosmological parameters .
The instrument is designed to make optimal use of the grasp ( collecting area times solid angle product ) provided by the optical design of the Athena+ mirror system ( Willingale et al .	2013 ) , by combining a sensitive approx .
In particular , we obtain new sum rules involving the elastic subleading form factors chi_i ( w ) ( i = 1,2 , 3 ) at order 1/m_Q that originate from the L_kin and L_mag perturbations of the Lagrangian .	To the sum rules contribute only the same intermediate states ( j^P , J^P ) = ( ( 1/2 ) ^- , 1^- ) , ( ( 3/2 ) ^- , 1^- ) that enter in the 1/m_Q^2 corrections of the axial form factor h_ ( A_1 ) ( w ) at zero recoil .
This can be slightly increased to $ \sim 48\ % $ when including effects of entropy injection from the decay of light ( with mass below 20 GeV ) pseudo-Dirac neutrinos .	The correct relic density can be achieved through freeze-in from the decay of heavy ( above the Higgs mass ) pseudo-Dirac neutrinos .
Proton radioactivity has been investigated using the effective liquid drop model with varying mass asymmetry shape and effective inertial coefficient .	An effective nuclear radius constant formula replaces the old empirical one in the calculations .
Realizing this potential requires a thorough understanding of the systematic effects that shift the energy levels of molecules .	We have performed a complete ab initio calculation of the magnetic field effects for a particular system , the heteronuclear molecular hydrogen ion HD+ .
The near fields originated from small ferrite particles with magnetic dipolar mode ( MDM ) oscillations are the fields with the electric and magnetic components , but with broken dual ( electric-magnetic ) symmetry .	These fields , called magnetoelectric ( ME ) fields , have topological properties different from such properties of electromagnetic fields .
Astrophysical explanations for the gamma ray and synchrotron signals , in contrast , have not been successful in accommodating these observations .	Similarly , the phase of the annual modulation observed by DAMA/LIBRA ( and now supported by CoGeNT ) is inconsistent with all known or postulated modulating backgrounds , but are in good agreement with expectations for dark matter scattering .
In Na2CsC60 the splitting occurs at 170 K ; in the quenched cubic phase of Na2RbC60 and Na2KC60 we observe split lines at 80 K. Detailed investigations of the spectrum , spin-spin and spin-lattice relaxation as well as spin-echo double resonance ( SEDOR ) in Na2CsC60 we show that these two different tetrahedral sites are mixed on a microscopic scale .	The T and T ' sites differ in the orientation of first-neighbor C60 molecules .
This equation of state was proposed recently by Ouyed and Butler .	We discuss different channels of formation of massive rapidly rotating neutron stars .
Sparse codes extracted on lower layers are transmitted to higher layers recursively .	With this mechanism , cues from different scales are fused .
These orbits , finite in number , are shown to be smooth irreducible locally closed subvarieties of M_ { m , n } ( C ) , isomorphic to intersections of dual Schubert cells in the full flag variety of GL_ { m+n } ( C ) .	Three different presentations of the T-orbits of symplectic leaves in M_ { m , n } ( C ) are obtained - ( a ) as pullbacks of Bruhat cells in GL_ { m+n } ( C ) under a particular map ; ( b ) in terms of rank conditions on rectangular submatrices ; and ( c ) as matrix products of sets similar to double Bruhat cells in GL_m ( C ) and GL_n ( C ) .
However , its utility is limited by missing geographic information ; for example , fewer than 1.6 % of Twitter messages ( tweets ) contain a geotag .	We propose a scalable , content-based approach to estimate the location of tweets using a novel yet simple variant of gaussian mixture models .
We show how heterogeneous internal motor stresses can lead to stiffening in networks that are governed by filament bending modes .	The motors are modeled as force dipoles that cause muscle like contractions .
Realization of visible-frequency , high-performance , large-area , optical filters based on nanoplasmonic materials is rather challenging due to nanofabrication related problems ( cost , fabrication imperfection , surface roughness ) and optical losses of metals .	Here , we propose and demonstrate large-area perfect absorbers and transmission filters that overcome difficulties associated with the nanofabrication using a lithography-free approach .
The thermal discrete dipole approximation ( T-DDA ) is a numerical approach for modeling near-field radiative heat transfer in complex three-dimensional geometries .	In this work , the convergence of the T-DDA is investigated by comparison against the exact results for two spheres separated by a vacuum gap .
This paper describes their application to the semi-classical evaluation of amplitudes in quantum field theory with boundaries .	By using zeta-function regularization , the conformal anomaly for a massless spin- $ { 1\over 2 } $ field in flat Euclidean backgrounds with boundary is obtained on imposing locally supersymmetric boundary conditions .
This means that the master algebraic polynomial is not degenerate but instead its derivative is degenerate .	This family of solutions contains an interesting class of pure Lovelock black holes which are the Nth order Lovelock { \Lambda } -vacuum solu- tions having the remarkable property that their thermodynamical parameters have the universal character in terms of the event horizon radius .
The resulting evolution law of the unstable system is that of a semigroup , and the resonant state is a well-defined function in the Lax-Phillips Hilbert space .	In this paper we apply this theory to a relativistically covariant quantum field theoretical form of the ( soluble ) Lee model .
In superstring backgrounds with only NS-NS fields turned on , or in flat space , one needs to introduce `` non-minimal '' variables in order to construct the b antighost .	However , in Type II backgrounds where the Ramond-Ramond bispinor field-strength satisfies certain conditions , the b antighost can be constructed without the non-minimal variables .
The adoption of two control beams enable us to store one signal pulse into superposition of two distinct atomic collective excitations .	By controlling the time delay between the two control pulses , we observe splitting of a stored wave packet into two temporally-distinct modes .
Often the Schr\ '' odinger equation is dependent on some parameter and one is interested in following the path of the resonances in the complex energy plane as the parameter changes .	This is particularly true in coupled channel systems where the resonant behavior is highly dependent on the strength of the channel coupling , the energy separation of the channels and other factors .
We spectroscopically confirm 68 galaxy cluster members , with redshift values ranging from 0.5272 to 0.5660 , and 18 multiple images belonging to 7 background , lensed sources distributed in redshifts between 1.240 and 3.703 .	Starting from the combination of our catalog with those obtained from extensive spectroscopic and photometric campaigns using the HST , we select a sample of 300 ( 164 spectroscopic and 136 photometric ) cluster members , within approximately 500 kpc from the BCG , and a set of 88 reliable multiple images associated to 10 different background source galaxies and 18 distinct knots in the spiral galaxy hosting SN 'Refsdal ' .
When the number of states is large , succinct representations are often used to compactly represent both the MDPs and the policies in a reduced amount of space .	In this paper , some problems related to the size of succinctly represented policies are analyzed .
A better determination of the lepton mixing angles will give a strong prediction of the CP-violating invariants in the lepton sector .	These will be tested in the next generation experiments .
With points like this in mind , we have recently adopted direct numerical simulation as a tool for probing the basic feasibility of using RG techniques to reduce the number of degrees of freedom requiring to be numerically simulated .	In this paper , we present some of the first results of this approach .
This review addresses current issues concerning the evolution of massive stars , concentrating on the transitional post-Red Supergiant phase .	Few yellow hypergiants are known and even fewer show direct evidence for having evolved off the Red Supergiant branch .
In particular , we demonstrated how to derive the one-loop effective potential .	In this paper we apply the formalism to a specific field theory of considerable interest , the massless KPZ equation ( massless noisy vorticity-free Burgers equation ) , and analyze its behaviour in the ultraviolet ( short-distance ) regime .
We delve deeper into the study of semimartingale attractors that we recently introduced in Allouba and Langa \cite { AL0 } .	In this article we focus on second order SPDEs of the Allen-Cahn type .
Next , we provide a bound on the performance achievable using any specific sampling approach .	Essential differences between the noisy and noise-free cases arise from this analysis .
However , the existing experimental values are at tension with this prediction as well as among themselves .	The COMPASS experiment at the CERN SPS accesses pion-photon reactions via the Primakoff effect , where high-energetic pions react with the quasi-real photon field surrounding the target nuclei .
We investigate the long time steady-state dissolution of CO $ _ { 2 } $ in a deep saline aqquifer in the presence of a background hydrological flow .	In steady-state , the distribution of CO $ _2 $ in the groundwater upstream of the aquifer involves a balance between three competing effects : ( i ) the buoyancy-driven flow of CO $ _2 $ saturated water ; ( ii ) the diffusion of CO $ _2 $ from saturated to under-saturated water ; and ( iii ) the advection associated with the oncoming background flow .
These values are higher than all currently known threshold values for prepare-and-measure protocols .	A specific realization with linear optics is given .
dominating metrics , and admissible metrics ] .	This operator is continuous with respect to each of the three topologies : point-wise convergence , uniform , and compact-open .
The development of responsive metamaterials has enabled the realization of compact tunable photonic devices capable of manipulating the amplitude , polarization , wave vector , and frequency of light .	Integration of semiconductors into the active regions of metallic resonators is a proven approach for creating nonlinear metamaterials through optoelectronic control of the semiconductor carrier density .
The method is employed is derive expressions for the distribution of waiting times between reaction events and the moments of this distribution .	Analytical expressions for the Poisson indicator , a normalized measure of the variance that characterizes the correlation between consecutive events , are derived from the moments of the waiting time .
It is shown that the commonly used measures of degree , closeness and eigenvector centrality are stable whereas betweenness centrality is not .	An alternative definition of the latter that preserves the same centrality notion while satisfying the stability criteria is introduced .
Although different choices for the exchange-correlation functional lead to a spread of values for the binding energy , trends across the functional groups are largely preserved for each choice , as are the final orientations of the adsorbed gas molecules .	We find binding of CO2 to exceed that of CH4 by roughly a factor of two .
A combination of this result with constraints from large-scale structure permit us to differentiate between different quintessence models .	In particular , we find that inverse power law models with power \alpha & gt ; 1 are disfavoured .
For compression times shorter than the transit time of a compressional Alfven wave across the plasma slab , results show the formation of two counter-propagating shock waves , leading to a highly non-uniform plasma density profile .	Furthermore , the plasma slab displays large hydromagnetic like oscillations after the driving field has reached steady state .
Should no such Higgs be discovered in this mass range , then the upper limit on the mixing will be sufficiently strong such that there will be no significant effects on the couplings of the h for most of parameter space .	The reverse is true in the type-II model , the limits from measurements of the couplings of the h will dominate over the limits from non-observation of the heavy Higgs .
The procedure that is provably consistent under these tight conditions is based on comparing quadratic functionals of the empirical Fourier coefficients with appropriately chosen threshold values .	The asymptotic analysis reveals the presence of two quite different re gimes .
We analyze spectrum of boson fields and two-point correlators in QCB .	We show that the standard bosonization procedure is valid , and the system behaves as a CSLL in the infrared limit , but the high frequency spectral and correlation characteristics have either 1D or 2D nature depending on the direction of the wave vector in the 2D BZ of reciprocal lattice .
In this strongly coupled system , closed-channel poles restrict the range over which the MQDT Y matrix can be interpolated .	We present an improved procedure to transform the MQDT reference functions so that the poles are removed from the energy range of interest .
In such environments , which arise in many real-world settings , the participants act as both economic and computational entities .	We exhibit a general non-convergence result for a broad class of dynamics in asynchronous settings .
The aim of this work is to investigate in a physical and quantitative way the spectral evolution of bright Neutron Star Low-Mass X-ray Binaries ( NS LMXBs ) , with special regard to the transient hard X-ray tails .	We analyzed INTEGRAL data for five sources ( GX 5-1 , GX 349+2 , GX 13+1 , GX 3+1 , GX 9+1 ) and built broad-band X-ray spectra from JEM-X1 and IBIS/ISGRI data .
Using liquid-jet X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy we explore LiCl aqueous solution , and detect low-energy electrons unambiguously emerging from the ETMD processes of core-ionized Li+ .	We interpret the experimental results with molecular dynamics and high-level ab initio calculations .
We present binocular LBT AO images of the HR 8799 planetary system in six narrow-band filters from 3-4 $ \mu $ m , and a Magellan AO image of the 2M1207 planetary system in a broader 3.3 $ \mu $ m band .	These systems encompass the five known exoplanets with luminosities consistent with L $ \rightarrow $ T transition brown dwarfs .
When an isolated quantum system is driven out of equilibrium , expectation values of general observables start oscillating in time .	This article reviews the general theory of such temporal fluctuations .
The magnetic susceptibility and specific heat data in both single- and poly-crystals show evidence of bulk superconductivity .	The resistivity , Hall coefficient , and magneto-resistance data all indicate the presence of an energy scale T* = ~ 50 K , which becomes systematically lowered under hydrostatic pressure and competes with the stabilization of superconductivity .
In this paper , we report on the design and operation of the LongBo time projection chamber in the Liquid Argon Purity Demonstrator cryostat .	This chamber features a 2 m long drift distance .
However , for the discussion of the hyperbolic plane one has to distinguish three inequivalent cases , depending on the direction of the force field .	Symmetry reduction , with respect to groups that are not neces- sarily compact or even reductive , is carried out by way of Poisson varieties and Hilbert maps .
We present the historic light curve of the BL Lac object S5 0716+714 , spanning the time interval from 1953 to 2003 , built using Asiago archive plates and our recent CCD observations , together with literature data .	The source shows an evident long term variability , over which well known short term variations are superposed .
Here we show that whatever the electron localization pattern is , it partially survives up to room temperature as short-range correlations in the high-temperature cubic phase , easily discernible by diffuse scattering .	Additionally , { \it ab initio } electronic structure calculations reveal that characteristic features in these diffuse scattering patterns can be correlated with the Fermi surface topology .
Barium stars show enhanced abundances of the slow neutron capture ( s-process ) heavy elements , and for this reason they are suitable objects for the study of s-process elements .	The aim of this work is to quantify the contributions of the s- , r- and p-processes for the total abundance of heavy elements from abundances derived for a sample of 26 barium stars .
Due to the lensing magnification , the lensed galaxies probe intrinsic stellar masses that are on average a factor of 11 lower than have been studied so far at these redshifts .	They have specific star formation rates that are an order of magnitude higher than seen for main-sequence star-forming galaxies at z~2 .
We show that the requirements of a vanishingly small cosmological constant on the visible brane along with non-hierarchical moduli , each with scale close to Planck length , lead to a scenario where the 3-branes can not have any intermediate scale and have energy scales either close to Tev or close to Planck scale .	Such a scenario can address both the gauge hierarchy as well as fermion mass hierarchy problem in standard model .
The surfaces of three-dimensional topological insulators ( TIs ) characterized by a spin-helical Dirac fermion provide a fertile ground for realizing exotic phenomena as well as having potential for wide-ranging applications .	To realize most of their special properties , the Dirac point ( DP ) is required to be located near the Fermi energy with a bulk insulating property while it is hardly achieved in most of the discovered TIs .
On the base of the new postulate , the theory of a hot star interior is developed .	Using this theory we obtain the distribution of stars over their masses and mass-radius , mass-temperature and mass-luminosity dependencies .
The source has been observed two times by XMM-Newton and simultaneously with BeppoSAX .	The two observations , of about 10ks long each , were separated by $ \sim $ 15 hours .
Interestingly wave function analysis using similarity transformation [ F.M .	Fernandez , Int.J . Theo.Phys .
Since the gluons , at scales of the order of 1 $ fm $ , can be considered as classical fields , we suppose that the gauge fields ( $ A_\mu^a $ ) of this theory are the gluonic fields and then it is possible to consider the Quantum Chromodynamics in a classical regime .	For the case in which the condition $ [ A_\mu^a , A_\rho^a ] =0 $ is satisfied , we show that the abelian equations of motion of the Classical Chromodynamics ( CCD ) have the same form as those of the classical electrodynamics without sources .
Our calculations for two-dimensional field theories are analytical .	In our strongly coupled setting , all probes in all dimensions share certain universal features in their thermalization : ( 1 ) a slight delay in the onset of thermalization , ( 2 ) an apparent non-analyticity at the endpoint of thermalization , ( 3 ) top-down thermalization where the UV thermalizes first .
The effects of a displacive structural phase transition on sliding friction are in principle accessible to nanoscale tools such as the Atomic Force Microscopy , yet they are still surprisingly unexplored .	We present model simulations demonstrating and clarifying the mechanism and potential impact of these effects .
The bond-length dependent formula ( proportional to $ 1/d^2 $ ) of Harrison is used for the non-diagonal matrix elements between neighboring atoms .	The predictions of our calculations have been tested against available experimental results in more than sixty organic molecules , including benzene and its derivatives , polyacenes , aromatic hydrocarbons of various geometries , polyenes , ketones , aldehydes , azabenzenes , nucleic acid bases and others .
We find that the impact on the BAO peak is dramatically enhanced ( by a factor of ~5 ) over the results of previous investigations , with the primary new effect due to advection : if a galaxy retains memory of the primordial streaming velocity , it does so at its Lagrangian , rather than Eulerian , position .	Since correlations in the streaming velocity change rapidly at the BAO scale , this advection term can cause a significant shift in the observed BAO position .
We explicitly show the existence of a scale of breaking if such a symmetry breaking is due to freely-acting orbifold operators only , i.e.in case the breaking is realized non-locally in the internal space .	We show that such a scale is related to the compactification moduli only , and that there are no extra continuous parameters , at least in semirealistic models with N=1 SUSY in four dimensions .
Their ro-vibrational lines observed in the near- and mid-infrared are commonly detected toward T Tauri disks .	These lines are the only way to probe the chemistry in the inner few au where terrestrial planets form .
For example ( i ) how does cargo-binding affect motor motility ?	and in connection with that - ( ii ) how does the presence of other motors ( and also other cargos ) on the microtubule affect the motility of the motor-cargo complex ?
While they measured the correct weak values for the quantum Cheshire Cat interpretation , the corresponding implications do not obtain because , as we show , those weak values were measured with both a quadratic and a linear magnetic field Bz interaction .	We show explicitly how those weak values imply quantum Cheshire Cat if the Bz interaction is linear and then we show how the quadratic Bz interaction destroys the quantum Cheshire Cat implications of those weak values .
They also probe the epoch of reionisation and serve as `` lighthouses '' to illuminate the space between them and the observer .	The source J1427+3312 ( z=6.12 ) has recently been identified as the first and so far the only known radio-loud quasar at z & gt ; 6 .
A star orbiting a supermassive black hole can be tidally disrupted if the black hole 's gravitational tidal field exceeds the star 's self gravity at pericenter .	Some of this stellar tidal debris can become gravitationally bound to the black hole , leading to a bright electromagnetic flare with bolometric luminosity proportional to the rate at which material falls back to pericenter .
A detailed example is given .	Finally we show an equivalence of categories between the non-trivially associated double D and the category of representations of the double of the group D ( X ) .
Let ( A ) and ( B ) be two first order structures of the same vocabulary .	We shall consider the Ehrenfeucht-Fra { i } sse-game of length omega_1 of A and B which we denote by G_ { omega_1 } ( A , B ) .
A comparison of the simulation results with analytic theory provides similar exponential growth rates of the magnetic field during the linear growth phase of the instability .	We observe in accordance with previous works the growth of electric fields during the saturation phase of the instability .
The proofs are based on the results of K. Hiraga and H. Saito .	We also construct examples to illustrate some new phenomena which do not occur in the case of SL ( N ) or classical groups .
We consistently find that this last urban scenario presents significant differences to common knowledge about social networks .	First , the emergence of a giant component in the network seems to be controlled by whether or not the network spans over the entire urban border , almost independently of the population or geographic extension of the city .
Our sample of ~360 log ( M*/Msun ) ~ 9.3-11.8 SFGs is mainly based on the KMOS3D and SINS/zC-SINF surveys of H $ \alpha $ kinematics , and collectively provides a representative subset of the massive star forming population .	The inferred halo scale angular momentum distribution is broadly consistent with that theoretically predicted for their dark matter halos , in terms of mean spin parameter & lt ; $ \lambda $ & gt ; ~ 0.037 and its dispersion ( $ \sigma_ { log ( \lambda ) } $ ~0.2 ) .
In this paper we study the Schur-positivity of a family of symmetric functions .	Given a partition \lambda , we denote by \lambda^c its complement in a square partition ( m^m ) .
The existence of dictionaries for which some subsets are never recovered by OMP is proved .	This phenomenon also appears with basis pursuit where support recovery depends on the sign patterns , but it does not occur for OLS .
This is the first non-trivial deterministic algorithm for this problem .	It also improves ( i ) the running time of the randomized $ ( 1+o ( 1 ) ) $ -approximation $ \tilde O ( n^ { 1/2 } D^ { 1/4 } +D ) $ -time algorithm of Nanongkai [ STOC 2014 ] by a factor of as large as $ n^ { 1/8 } $ , and ( ii ) the $ O ( \epsilon^ { -1 } \log \epsilon^ { -1 } ) $ -approximation factor of Lenzen and Patt-Shamir 's $ \tilde O ( n^ { 1/2+\epsilon } +D ) $ -time algorithm [ STOC 2013 ] within the same running time .
We theoretically and numerically studied ordering of `` colloidal ionic clusters '' on periodic substrate potentials as those generated by optical trapping .	Each cluster consists of three charged spherical colloids : two negatively and one positively charged .
We compute the intrinsic alignment contribution in linear and non-linear theory , and show that it can be at roughly the 15 % level for the CFHT Stripe 82 redshift distribution , if the canonical amplitude of intrinsic alignments is assumed .	The new term can therefore potentially reconcile the apparently low value of the measured cross-correlation with standard LCDM .
The strength of the OH emission is correlated with various source properties such as the bolometric luminosity and the envelope mass , but also with the OI and H2O emission .	Rotational diagrams for sources with many OH lines show that the level populations of OH can be approximated by a Boltzmann distribution with an excitation temperature at around 70 K. Radiative transfer models of spherically symmetric envelopes can not reproduce the OH emission fluxes nor their broad line widths , strongly suggesting an outflow origin .
We present results on the X-ray spectrum of the quasar PG 1114+445 from an ASCA observation performed in 1996 June , and a ROSAT observation performed 3 years earlier .	We show good agreement between all the datasets can be obtained if the underlying continuum in the 0.2 -- 10 keV band is assumed to be a powerlaw ( photon index Gamma approx 1.8 ) absorbed by photoionized material .
We explore the poloidal structure of two-dimensional ( 2D ) MHD winds in relation to their potential association with the X-ray warm absorbers ( WAs ) and the highly-ionized ultra-fast outflows ( UFOs ) in AGN , in a single unifying approach .	We present the density $ n ( r , \theta ) $ , ionization parameter $ \xi ( r , \theta ) $ , and velocity structure $ v ( r , \theta ) $ of such ionized winds for typical values of their fluid-to-magnetic flux ratio , $ F $ , and specific angular momentum , $ H $ , for which wind solutions become super-\Alfvenic .
The stable states of this dynamics coincide with the Nash equilibria of game theory .	We study the gaussian fluctuations around these equilibria and establish that fluctuations around competitive equilibria increase with the number of players .
Hypergames are a fruitful metaphor for non-terminating processes , Conway 's sum being similar to shuffling .	We develop a theory of hypergames , which extends in a non-trivial way Conway 's theory ; in particular , we generalize Conway 's results on game determinacy and characterization of strategies .
We study the thermo-acoustic wave propagation and reflection near the liquid-gas critical point .	Specifically , we perform a numerical investigation of the acoustic responses in a near-critical fluid to thermal perturbations based on the same setup of a recent ultrasensitive interferometry measurement in CO2 [ Y. Miura et al.Phys.Rev .
Radial velocity variations of photospheric absorption lines with a possible quasi-period ~ 6.4 days have been detected in high-resolution echelle spectra .	Night-to-night variations in the position and strength of the central emission reversal of the Ha profile occuring over ill-defined time-scales have been observed .
We present here new observations conducted with the EVN and MERLIN of the persistent microquasar LS 5039 discovered by Paredes et al .	( 2000 ) with the VLBA .
Such composite structures have been analyzed using density functional theory for a semiconducting C $ _ { 120 } $ torus encapsulating chains of Fe , Au and Cu atoms .	The sheathed metal necklaces form a zigzag structure and drops the HOMO/LUMO bandgap to less than 0.1 eV .
The neutrino production rate can be constrained through the accompanying electrons , positrons and gamma-rays that quickly cascade on the CMB and intergalactic magnetic fields to lower energies and generate a gamma ray background in the GeV-TeV region .	Bethe-Heitler pair production by protons also contributes to the cascade and can tighten the neutrino constraints in models where extragalactic cosmic rays begin to dominate over the galactic component at a relatively low `` crossover '' energy .
In the second part we describe new classes of static axially symmetric solutions which generalise 't Hooft - Polyakov monopole .	These configurations are either deformations of the topologically trivial sector or the sectors with different topological charges .
We observe the NGC 7023-North West ( NW ) PDR in the mid-infrared ( 10 - 19.5 micron ) using the Infrared Spectrometer ( IRS ) , on board Spitzer .	Clear variations are observed in the spectra , most notably the ratio of the 11.0 to 11.2 micron bands , the peak position of the 11.2 and 12.0 micron bands , and the degree of asymmetry of the 11.2 micron band .
Within the SM the W boson mass and the effective weak mixing angle can be accurately predicted from the global fit .	The results are compatible with , and exceed in precision , the direct measurements .
Since it is not guaranteed that all the resolvers will have exactly similar error profiles because of the inherent differences in their construction on a micro scale , the ANN has been trained on one error profile at a time and the corresponding weight file is then used only for compensating the systematic error of this particular encoder .	The systematic nature of the error profile for each of the encoders has also been validated by repeated calibration of the encoders over a period of time and it was found that the error profiles of a particular encoder recorded at different epochs show near reproducible behavior .
The BOSS galaxy density field is systematically affected by the local stellar density and this influences the ability to accurately measure f_NL , local .	In the absence of any correction , we find ( erroneously ) that the probability that f_NL , local is greater than zero , P ( f_NL , local & gt ; 0 ) , is 99.5 % .
With the use of the Kubo formula , the shear viscosity of quark matter becomes small .	The Reynolds number of the quark matter is estimated to be about $ 3\sim 30 $ .
It has been suggested to be a possible solution to the cusp/core problem or even to explain MOND phenomenology .	In this paper , I initiate a study of possible self-interactions of ultralight scalar dark matter from the particle physics point of view .
We try to understand the analog of singularities in the context of dual chiral CFT .	Explicitly , we use Kerr/CFT correspondence to show that if we initially do not remove the singularities from the spacetimes , in the dual chiral CFT we can detect the presence of singularities in the bulk of spacetime .
And yet , the hidden shift problem proves to be rich enough to capture interesting features of problems of algebraic , geometric , and combinatorial flavor .	We present a quantum algorithm to identify the hidden shift for any Boolean function .
Nevertheless the model is not always optimal ( e.g.concerning the number of computational steps ) and it neglects physical systems which can not follow the `` standard circuit model '' analysis .	We propose a computational scheme which overcomes the notion of the transposition from classical circuits providing a computation scheme with the least possible number of Hamiltonians in order to minimize the physical resources needed to perform quantum computation and to succeed a minimization of the computational procedure ( minimizing the number of computational steps needed to perform an arbitrary unitary transformation ) .
This study builds upon the work of Palacios and MacDonald ( Phys.Rev.Lett .	{ \bf 76 } , 118 ( 1996 ) ) , wherein they identify the bosonic excitations of Wen 's approach for the edge of the 1/3 fractional quantum Hall state with certain operators introduced by Stone .
Synaptic memory is considered to be the main element responsible for learning and cognition in humans .	Although traditionally non-volatile long-term plasticity changes have been implemented in nanoelectronic synapses for neuromorphic applications , recent studies in neuroscience have revealed that biological synapses undergo meta-stable volatile strengthening followed by a long-term strengthening provided that the frequency of the input stimulus is sufficiently high .
Such ability can be measured by a phase transition from free flow to congestion .	Two cases of node capacity C are considered , i.e. , C=constant and C is proportional to the node 's degree .
The UV and optical spectra from the HST FOS and from the FAST spectrograph at the Whipple Observatory at different phases are analysed , leading to new results about the configuration of AG Peg .	Consistent modelling by the code SUMA , which accounts for the coupled effect of photoionisation from the hot star and the shock , shows the important role of at least three nebulae : 1 ) the nebula between the stars , downstream of the shock created by collision of the winds , which propagates in reverse towards the WD , 2 ) the nebula downstream of the shock expanding in the outskirts of the giant atmosphere , and 3 ) the shock propagating outwards the binary system , that is not reached by the hot source radiation .
The model however produces less elliptic flow than in experiment .	Discrepancy between experiment and hydrodynamic simulation is comparatively less in Pb+Pb collisions at LHC than in Au+Au collisions at RHIC .
To resolve this controversy , the three-dimensional Edwards-Anderson Ising spin glass in thermal boundary conditions is studied numerically using population annealing Monte Carlo .	In thermal boundary conditions all eight combinations of periodic vs antiperiodic boundary conditions in the three spatial directions appear in the ensemble with their respective Boltzmann weights , thus minimizing finite-size corrections due to domain walls .
The optimal quantum states of the probing signals in the presence of loss were recently found .	However , in many cases of practical interest , their associated accuracy is worse than the one obtainable without employing quantum resources ( e.g.entanglement and squeezing ) but neglecting the detector 's loss .
Locally affine Lie algebras are generalizations of affine Kac -- Moody algebras with Cartan subalgebras of infinite rank whose root system is locally affine .	In this note we study a class of representations of locally affine algebras generalizing integrable highest weight modules .
Vacuum bubbles may nucleate and expand during the inflationary epoch in the early universe .	After inflation ends , the bubbles quickly dissipate their kinetic energy ; they come to rest with respect to the Hubble flow and eventually form black holes .
We consider the anomalous localized resonance due to a plasmonic structure for the elastostatic system in R^2 .	The plasmonic structure takes a general core-shell-matrix form with the metamaterial located in the shell .
After an initial surge of measurements , the EC approach did not seem to be competitive .	But very recently , there has been great progress on micro-calorimeters and the measurement of atomic mass differences .
Scattered light echoes from variable and cataclysmic stars offer one of the most effective means to probe the structure and composition of circumtellar and interstellar media .	I build a simple model of light-echo surface brightness by considering the source spectrum , and the dust density , geometry , and scattering efficiency .
Both b-quark and tau-lepton have the same quantum numbers with respect to SU ( 2 ) groupand in the MSSM acquire their masses due to interactions with the same Higgs doublet .	As a consequence , for large values of tan beta parameter corresponding Yukawa couplings also become large and together with tan beta can significantly enhance radiative corrections .
We present an extensive comparison of models of structure formation with observations , based on linear and quasi-linear theory .	We assume a critical matter density , and study both cold dark matter models and cold plus hot dark matter models .
The formulae for the dipion continuum and tensor meson production are given here for the first time .	The theoretical results are compared with existing STAR , CDF , CMS experimental data and predictions for planned or being carried out experiments ( ALICE , ATLAS ) are presented .
By reversing the steps of dimensional reduction , the $ p $ -brane solutions become intersections of $ p $ -branes , NUTs and waves in D=10 or D=11 .	Having classified the lower-dimensional $ p $ -branes , this provides a classification of all the intersections in D=10 and D=11 where the harmonic functions depend on the space transverse to all the individual objects .
The data collected in the present work show fragmentariness of experimental data .	For vast majority of the levels the lifetime value was reported in one paper only , and has no independent experimental verification .
The smaller is the SBF , the greater is entanglement .	Superfluid-like behavior is observed in the study of entanglement growth from an initial coherent state , since in the short-time range the growth does not depend on the SBF amplitude , and on the initial state amplitude .
77 stars which supplies at least one of the following conditions have been used as `` corner stones '' for constructing the new calibration : ( i ) the parallax is larger than 10 mas ( distance relative to the Sun less than 100 pc ) and the galactic latitude is absolutely higher than 30 degrees , ( ii ) the parallax is rather large , if the galactic latitude is absolutely low and vice versa .	Contrary to the previous investigations , a third-degree polynomial fitted for the new calibration : [ Fe/H ] = 0.10-2.76d-24.04d^2+30.00d^3 .
Of these , 36 are of sufficient quality to form rotation curves .	These data provide a large increase in the number of low surface brightness galaxies for which accurate rotation curves are available .
Energy ( 2nd order moment ) has often been used for image characterization for image content-based retrieval , and higher order moments may be important also , not least for capturing long tailed distributional behavior .	In this work , we assess 2nd , 3rd and 4th order moments of multiresolution transform -- wavelet and curvelet transform -- coefficients as features .
Assuming the dark Higgs ( $ \phi $ ) mass is in the range $ 2 m_\mu & lt ; m_\phi & lt ; 2 m_ { \pi^0 } $ , the positron excess can be fit in a natural manner without conflict with constraints from antiproton and gamma ray fluxes or direct detection experiments .	Also having such a light dark Higgs , the self-interaction of DM can be enhanced to some extent , and three puzzles in the CDM paradigm can be somewhat relaxed .
They asked whether the area normalized meridian length squared of maximal tubular neighborhoods of the singular locus of the cone-manifold is decreasing and that summed with the cone angle squared is increasing as we deform the cone-angles .	We confirm this near 0 cone-angles for an infinite family of hyperbolic cone-manifolds obtained by Dehn surgeries along the Whitehead link complements .
Let \begin { equation* } L=\sum_ { i , j=1 } ^da_ { i , j } \frac { \partial^2 } { \partial x_i\partial x_j } -\sum_ { i=1 } ^db_i\frac { \partial } { \partial x_i } \end { equation* } be a second order elliptic operator and consider the reaction-diffusion equation with Neumann boundary condition , \begin { equation* } \begin { aligned } & amp ; Lu=\Lambda u^p\ \text { in } \ \mathbb { R } ^d-D ; \\ & amp ; \nabla u\cdot \bar n=-h\ \text { on } \ \partial D ; \\ & amp ; u\ge0 \ \text { is minimal } , \end { aligned } \end { equation* } where $ p\in ( 0,1 ) $ , $ d\ge2 $ , $ h $ and $ \Lambda $ are continuous positive functions , $ D\subset R^d $ is bounded , and $ \bar n $ is the unit inward normal to the domain $ \mathbb { R } ^d-\bar D $ .	Consider also the same equations with the Neumann boundary condition replaced by the Dirichlet boundary condition ; namely , $ u=h $ on $ \partial D $ .
Our focus is on the fractal dimension $ d_f $ of domain walls , which describes via $ & lt ; \ell & gt ; \simL^ { d_f } $ the growth of the average domain-wall length with % % systems size $ L\times L $ .	% % 20.07.07 OM % % Exploring systems up to L=320 we yield $ d_f=1.274 ( 2 ) $ for the case of Gaussian disorder , i.e.a much higher accuracy compared to previous studies .
2A0335+096 is a bright , cool-core X-ray cluster , once known as a cooling flow .	Within the highly disturbed core revealed by Chandra X-ray observations , 2A0335+096 hosts a highly structured optical emission-line system .
To demonstrate the capabilities of this method , we implemented it in a real-space ( basis-set free ) code , and applied it to benchmark molecules , namely CO , H2O , and paranitroaniline ( PNA ) .	Our results are in agreement with experimental and previous theoretical studies , and fully validate our approach .
Hanbury-Brown -- Twiss interferometry is a technique which yields effective widths ( i.e. , `` HBT radii '' ) of homogeneity regions in the fireballs produced in heavy ion collisions .	Because the initial conditions of these collisions are stochastically fluctuating , the measured HBT radii also exhibit variation on an event-by-event basis .
The excitation conditions of the knots of Hen 3-1475 are derived from the observed optical spectra , confirming that the knots are shock excited .	The shocked spectra are qualitatively reproduced by simple `` 3/2 '' D bow shock models .
It was recently claimed that the KBOs concerned by this dynamics are presumably trapped in mean motion resonances with the suspected planet .	I reinvestigate here the secular model underlying this idea .
Calculations are carried out for one irregular grain geometry , and three different grain sizes .	It is shown that radiative torques can play an important dynamical role in spinup of interstellar dust grains , resulting in rotation rates which may exceed even those expected from H_2 formation on the grain surface .
We consider Wilson 's SU ( N ) lattice gauge theory ( without fermions ) at negative values of beta= 2N/g^2 and for N=2 or 3 .	We show that in the limit beta - & gt ; -infinity , the path integral is dominated by configurations where links variables are set to a nontrivial element of the center on selected non intersecting lines .
An individual qubit is used to sense the dynamics of surrounding ancillary qubits , which are in turn affected by the external field to be measured .	The resulting sensitivity enhancement is determined by the number of ancillas that are coupled strongly to the sensor qubit ; it does not depend on the exact values of the coupling strengths and is resilient to many forms of decoherence .
The calculation of the free energy of solid phases using the Einstein crystal and Einstein molecule methods are described in detail .	It is shown that for the hard spheres solid both methods yield the same results and that free energies of solid phases present noticeable finite size effects .
Furthermore , using techniques coming from birational geometry , we establish the derived invariance of the Albanese dimension for varieties having non-negative Kodaira dimension .	We apply our machinery to study the derived invariance of the holomorphic Euler characteristic and of certain Hodge numbers for special classes of varieties .
We explore the possibility of constructing stable , warped two -- brane models which solve the hierarchy problem , with a bulk non -- canonical scalar field ( tachyon matter ) as the source term in the action .	Among our examples are two models -- one with a warp factor ( denoted as $ e^ { -2f ( \sigma ) } $ ) which differs from that of the standard Randall -- Sundrum by the addition of a quadratic piece in the $ f ( \sigma ) $ and another , where the warping is super-exponential .
Gounaris , J. Layssac , P. Porfyriadis , S. Spagnolo , C. Verzegnassi .	We report on several works dealing with precison tests of the Standard Model ( SM ) and beyond , in the processes $ e^+e^-\to f\bar f $ ( f= lepton or quarks ) and $ \gamma\gamma \to \gamma\gamma , \gamma Z $ .
We prove that the decision version of this problem is NP-hard .	This solves a significant open problem and complements recent positive approximability results for the optimization problem .
Change detection plays an important role in most video-based applications .	The first stage is to build appropriate background model , which is now becoming increasingly complex as more sophisticated statistical approaches are introduced to cover challenging situations and provide reliable detection .
This paper presents a summary of the first 10 years of operating the Hobby-Eberly Telescope ( HET ) in queue mode .	The scheduling can be quite complex but has worked effectively for obtaining the most science possible with this uniquely designed telescope .
To study the gas in the innermost region around the protostars in the proto-cluster IRAS 05358+3543 , we observed the source in several transitions of methanol and other molecular species with the Plateau de Bure Interferometer and the Submillimeter Array , reaching a linear resolution of 1100 AU .	We determine the kinetic temperature of the gas around the protostars through an LVG and LTE analysis of their molecular emission ; the column densities of CH3OH , CH3CN and SO2 are also derived .
The running scenarios have been chosen to optimize the Higgs precision measurements and top physics while searching for evidence for signals beyond the standard model , including dark matter .	In addition to the certain precision physics on the Higgs and top that is the main focus of this study , there are scientific motivations that indicate the possibility for discoveries of new particles in the upcoming operations of the LHC or the early operation of the ILC .
We prove that the Fibonacci word $ f $ satisfies among all characteristic Sturmian words , three interesting extremal properties .	The first concerns the length and the second the minimal period of its palindromic prefixes .
To calculate the entropy of a subalgebra or of a channel with respect to a state , one has to solve an intriguing optimalization problem .	The latter is also the key part in the entanglement of formation concept , in which case the subalgebra is a subfactor .
This paper studies the resource allocation algorithm design for multiuser coordinated multipoint ( CoMP ) networks with simultaneous wireless information and power transfer ( SWIPT ) .	In particular , remote radio heads ( RRHs ) are connected to a central processor ( CP ) via capacity-limited backhaul links to facilitate CoMP joint transmission .
The dynamics of quantum phase transitions poses one of the most challenging problems in modern many-body physics .	Here , we study a prototypical example in a clean and well-controlled ultracold atom setup by observing the emergence of coherence when crossing the Mott insulator to superfluid quantum phase transition .
We propose a two-terminal method to measure shot noise in mesoscopic systems based on an instability in the current-voltage characteristic of an on-chip detector .	The microscopic noise drives the instability , which leads to random switching of the current between two values , the telegraph process .
Understanding the relationship between the formation and evolution of galaxies and their central super massive black holes ( SMBH ) is one of the main topics in extragalactic astrophysics .	Links and feedback may reciprocally affect both black hole and galaxy growth .
Surprisingly it is observed that the Swihart velocity exhibits a flat T-dependence at low T , following T-dependence of the c-axis critical current , rather than the expected linear T-dependence of the London penetration depth .	Our data indicate that self-heating is detrimental for operation of mesas as coherent THz oscillators because it limits the emission power via suppression of the quality factor .
We also show that in special external fields , upon assuming again existence of a neutrino ( Weyl ) spinor , the Dirac equation can be transformed reversibly to spin- $ 0 $ Duffin-Kemmer-Petiau equation .	We argue that such boson-fermions transitions are consistent with the main channel of pion decay .
We demonstrate that the quantum algebras arising from these new R-matrices can be obtained as special limits of the Sklyanin algebra .	A representation for these algebras by the difference operators is found .
Usually these construction work by adding elements from a ( topological ) completion in order to get rid of ( kill ) unwanted homomorphisms .	The critical part is to actually prove that every unwanted homomorphism can be killed by adding a suitable element .
Indeed classical optimization ( e.g.minimize some cost under mechanical constraints ) usually leads to solutions that lie at the boundary of the admissible domain , and that are consequently rather sensitive to uncertainty in the design parameters .	In contrast , RBDO aims at designing the system in a robust way by minimizing some cost function under reliability constraints .
Thermal emission is found from a jet/gas interaction in NGC 7385 .	Most of the near-IR integrated colours of the low-redshift 3CRR radio galaxies are similar to those of passive galaxies , so that IR colours are poor indicators of radio activity .
Our main results describe asymptotics for $ \mathbb { P } ( M_ { \infty } & gt ; x ) $ as $ x\to\infty $ .	The tail asymptotics depend greatly on whether the $ \xi_n $ 's are light-tailed or heavy-tailed .
It is suggested that Pc provides a measure of stress at the Raman active units ; and its vanishing in the reversibility window suggests that these units are part of an isostatically rigid backbone .	Isostaticity also accounts for the non-aging behavior of glasses observed in the reversibility window .
We have used Minor Planet Center data and tools to explore the discovery circumstances and properties of the currently known population of over 10,000 NEAs , and to quantify the challenges for follow-up from ground-based telescopes .	The increasing rate of discovery has grown to ~1,000/year as surveys have become more sensitive , by 1mag every ~7.5 years .
This , in some special cases , verifies some far-reaching conjectures of Khintchine on the weak ergodicity of a dynamical system with a large number of degrees of freedom .	In order to estimate the theoretical auto-correlation function of a time series from the sample auto-correlation function of one of its realisations , it is usually assumed without justification that the time series is ergodic .
The number of configurations of genus $ g $ follows a Poisson-like distribution .	The probability per unit area for creating a handle is well fitted in a wide range of the inverse temperature $ \beta $ near the roughening point by an exponentially decreasing function of $ \beta $ .
We assume that half of the total solid fraction is in small grains and half in large solids .	The former are perfectly entrained with the gas and set the opacity in the disk , while the latter are allowed to respond to gas drag forces , with the back reaction on the gas taken into account .
The Configuration Interaction ( CI ) method using a very large Laguerre orbital basis is applied to the calculation of the He ground state .	The largest calculations included a minimum of 35 radial orbitals for each l ranging from 0 to 12 resulting in basis sets in excess of 400 orbitals .
We solve these equations in the limit of the stationary cycle , and obtain the critical value of the capacity as a function of the threshold and temperature .	Finally , a numerical simulation is made , confirming the theoretical results .
One of the main goals of Hyper-Kamiokande is the study of $ CP $ asymmetry in the lepton sector using accelerator neutrino and anti-neutrino beams .	In this paper , the physics potential of a long baseline neutrino experiment using the Hyper-Kamiokande detector and a neutrino beam from the J-PARC proton synchrotron is presented .
However , regression with functional data poses well known and challenging problems of non-identifiability .	This non-identifiability can manifest itself in arbitrarily large errors for coefficient surface estimates despite accurate predictions of the responses , thus invalidating substantial interpretations of the fitted models .
We give an explicit universal large deviation upper bound that is exponential in the number of scatterers .	The rate is given in terms of a universal function that depends on the point set only through the minimal distance between points , and on the observable only through a suitable Sobolev-norm .
We construct minimum effective models to investigate the pairing symmetry in the newly discovered quasi-one-dimensional superconductor K $ _2 $ Cr $ _3 $ As $ _3 $ .	We show that a minimum three-band model based on the $ d_ { z^2 } $ , $ d_ { xy } $ and $ d_ { x^2-y^2 } $ orbitals of one Cr sublattice can capture the band structures near Fermi surfaces .
We claim that this is true also for Arp galaxies .	A moderate increase in star formation is found in the very centres of the interacting galaxies contributing marginally to the total luminosity .
From thousands of discovered supernovae , most of them at cosmological distances , ~50 have been detected at radio wavelengths , most of them in relatively nearby galaxies .	All of the radio supernovae are Type II or Ib/c , which originate from the explosion of massive progenitor stars .
Many of these methods sprung off from the development of geometric functional analysis since the 1970 's .	They have applications in several fields , most notably in theoretical computer science , statistics and signal processing .
We use black hole thermodynamics methods to relate asymptotic charges of the complete spacetime to those obtained in the near-horizon limit .	We then show that some diffeomorphisms do alter asymptotic charges of the full spacetime , even though they are defined in the near horizon limit and , therefore , count black hole states .
We investigate the smallest number of facets of any polyhedron whose set of integer points is X .	This quantity , which we call the relaxation complexity of X , corresponds to the smallest number of linear inequalities of any integer program having X as the set of feasible solutions that does not use auxiliary variables .
Version 1 to 4 of this paper built upon the first reading and led to a correction term for frequency shifts of wrong sign .	Thus the proposal therein does not resolve the Pioneer anomaly , although it gives a correction term for frequencies which has the correct absolute value .
A blast-wave parametrization , including a full set of hadronic resonances , is used to model a small system , with total particle multiplicity comparable to the one measured in the high-multiplicity pp collisions at the LHC .	Calculations are preformed for three cases : with negligible , regular and strong radial flow on the blast-wave hypersurface .
The Standard Model Higgsstrahlung production process is taken as an example .	For the expected performance of a typical Linear Collider set-up , the sensitivity of a measurement of the scalar -- pseudoscalar mixing angle turned out to be 6 degree .
A numerical exploration of these control landscapes is achieved by generating many random Hamiltonians which include a term quadratic in a single control field .	The landscapes of such systems are found numerically to be trap free in general .
For the sphere and hyperbolic space , these bounds are asymptotically sharp as $ r $ approaches zero and we see that while in two dimensions $ \lambda_ { 1 } $ is bounded from above by the first two terms in the asymptotics for small $ r $ , for dimensions four and higher the reverse inequality holds .	In the general case we derive the asymptotic expansion of $ \lambda_ { 1 } $ for small radius and determine the first three terms explicitly .
These existing explanations , however , have been pointed out to be incomplete .	A random forest is another popular ensemble method for which there is substantially less explanation in the literature .
Because of the presence of singularities we work with the intersection cohomology groups defined by Goresky and MacPherson and the ordinary cohomology groups of a certain partial resolution of singularities of M ( n , d ) .	Based on our earlier work , we give a precise formula for the intersection cohomology pairing and provide a method to calculate pairings on the partial resolution of singularities of M ( n , d ) .
By now it is known that in an s-wave superconductor-ferromagnet-superconductor ( $ SFS $ ) structure the supercurrent induced by spin singlet pairs can only transmit a short distance of the order of magnetic coherence length .	The long-range supercurrent , taking place on the length scale of the normal metal coherence length , will be maintained by equal-spin triplet pairs , which can be generated by magnetic inhomogeneities in the system .
We argue that the angle dependent magnetostatic ( dipolar ) terms introduce frustration and long range interactions in these systems .	This makes it plausible that the Sherrington - Kirkpatrick model may be able to capture some of the relevant physics of these systems .
The ratio of the number of observed to expected events is $ 0.57 \pm0.05_ { stat } \pm0.06_ { syst } \pm0.14_ { theor } $ with an angular distribution similar to that expected from the Bartol atmospheric neutrino flux .	The second is a mixed sample of internally produced downward-going muons and externally produced upward-going muons stopping inside the detector .
It is known that the NP-complete problem of determining whether a given graph G has treewidth at most k admits no polynomial-time preprocessing algorithm that reduces any input instance to size polynomial in k , unless NP is in coNP/poly and the polynomial hierarchy collapses to its third level .	In this paper we therefore consider structural graph measures larger than treewidth , and determine whether efficient preprocessing can shrink the instance size to a polynomial in such a parameter value .
In the $ q\overline { q } $ case we find the same semirelativistic potential obtained in preceding papers but for a question of ordering .	In the $ 3q $ case we find a spin dependent potential identical to that already derived in the literature from the ad hoc and non correct assumption of scalar confinement .
These investigations did not fit in with Galileo 's law of free fall .	This law , which may also be formulated as the law of the equality of inertial and gravitational mass , was illuminating Einstein , and he suspected that in it must lie the key to a deeper understanding of inertia and gravitation .
However , the black hole has two horizons : a light horizon ( the ordinary black hole horizon ) and a sound horizon that traps k-essence .	In certain cases the k-essence signals can travel faster than light and the sound horizon is inside the light horizon .
We explore this question in the framework of a multi-channel algebraic scattering method of determining nucleon-nucleus cross sections at low energies .	For a range of light-mass , particle-unstable nuclear targets , scattering cross sections as well as the spectra of the compound nuclei formed have been determined from calculations that do and do not consider particle emission widths for nuclear states .
2005 ; hereafter Paper I ) , we have presented spectra of 64 active , 9 normal and 5 Starburst galaxies in the region around the near-IR Calcium triplet absorption lines and the [ SIII ] 9069 line .	In the present paper we analyze the CaT strength ( WCaT ) , and kinematical products derived in that study , namely stellar and ionized gas velocity dispersions .
The approach also allows for rigorous error analysis with Hilbert space theory , and we show that the approximation becomes exact when the size of the compact subset and the number of eigenfunctions go to infinity .	The expansion generalizes to Hilbert spaces with an inner product which is defined as an integral over a specified input density .
The intents such as job seeking , hiring , content consuming are used to construct features to personalize federated search experience .	We tested the approach on the LinkedIn homepage and A/B tests show significant improvements in member engagement .
The tunneling electrons experience a spin-orbit coupling inside the barrier due to the applied electrical field .	Charge and spin Hall currents are calculated as functions of the position inside the barrier and the angle between the magnetizations of the electrodes .
Here , in addition to the analytical approximation of the overlap distance given by Berne and Pechukas ( BP ) and the exact numerical solution of Perram and Wertheim , we tested a simple modification of the original BP approximation ( MBP ) which corrects the known T-shape mismatch of BP for all aspect-ratios .	We found that the MBP equation of state shows a very good quantitative agreement with the exact solution .
However , there are fundamental unsolved problems , such as excessive inward drift of particles in protoplanetary disks during planet formation .	Recent theories invoke dust traps to overcome this problem .
Jet substructure techniques such as subjet $ p_T $ -asymmetry , mass-drop , and grooming have become powerful and widely used tools in experimental searches at the LHC .	While these tools provide much-desired handles to separate signal from background , they can introduce unexpected mass scales into the analysis .
To address the semantic gap issues , we formulate a problem on learning contextualized semantics from descriptive terms and propose a novel Siamese architecture to model the contextualized semantics from descriptive terms .	By means of pattern aggregation and probabilistic topic models , our Siamese architecture captures contextualized semantics from the co-occurring descriptive terms via unsupervised learning , which leads to a concept embedding space of the terms in context .
In all cases studied , we find that only a small amount of stellar fuel is consumed during deflagration phase , no explosion is obtained , and the released energy is mostly wasted on expanding the progenitor .	Products of the failed deflagration quickly reach the stellar surface , polluting and strongly disturbing it .
Here we perform a Markov Chain Monte Carlo fitting exercise using the 3-year WMAP data to determine how the fitted cosmological parameters vary when such a primordial spectrum is used as an input , rather than the usually assumed power-law spectrum .	The 'concordance ' LCDM model is still a good fit when there is just a 'step ' in the spectrum .
A standardized rotation matrix is defined to transform from the conventional- cubic-cell basis to the quantum-well-transport basis whereby effective mass tensors , valley vectors , strain matrices , anisotropic strain ratios , and scattering vectors are all defined in their respective bases .	The specific cases of ( 001 ) - , ( 110 ) - , and ( 111 ) -oriented aluminum arsenide ( AlAs ) quantum wells are examined , as is the unconventional ( 411 ) facet , which is of particular importance in AlAs literature .
The amplitude of ellipsoidal variations and a high rotation velocity imposed a high-inclination to the system ( i & gt ; 68 deg ) and , possibly , observable secondary transits ( i & gt ; 74 deg ) .	At the lowest permissible inclination and assuming a subdwarf mass of ~0.48 M_sun , the total mass of the system reaches the Chandrasekhar mass limit at 1.35 M_sun and would exceed it for a subdwarf mass above 0.48 M_sun .
A basic tool is a result about the curvature tensor of the natural lift of the vector sub-bundle to a manifold of maps with values in the base of that sub-bundle .	Another is a localization property for a Lie algebra of vector fields over this manifold of maps.These allow to prove an additive formula for the curvature tensors of two supplementary sub-bundles .
In unification models based on SU ( 15 ) or SU ( 16 ) , baryon number is part of the gauge symmetry , broken spontaneously .	In such models , we discuss various scenarios of important baryon number violating processes like proton decay and neutron-antineutron oscillation .
The use of bootstrap rather than asymptotic distributions in the composite likelihood framework is explored .	Prepivoted tests and confidence sets based on a suitable statistic turn out to be accurate and computationally appealing inferential tools .
They include not just all categories of modules over a ring , but also the category of sheaves over any concentrated scheme .	In this setting we generalize and study the absolutely clean objects recently introduced in a paper of Bravo-Gillespie-Hovey .
However , neutral carbon has the distinct advantage that it may be spatially coincident with the carbon monoxide , whereas [ CII ] could be located in the diffuse medium between molecular clouds , and so any comparison with CO could be dominated by intrinsic velocity differences .	Using [ CI ] , we obtain a mean variation of dF/F = ( -3.6 +/- 8.5 ) x 10^-5 , over z = 2.3 - 4.1 , for the eight [ CI ] systems , which degrades to ( -1.5+/- 11 ) x 10^-5 , over z = 2.3 - 6.4 when the two [ CII ] systems are included .
The classical model displays accelerated expansion ending in a Big Rip .	The quantization is performed in three different ways , which turn out to lead to the same result , namely there is a possibility that quantum gravitational effects could not remove the Big Rip .
In this paper , we study random walks on a small-world scale-free network , also called as pseudofractal scale-free web ( PSFW ) , and analyze the volatilities of first passage time ( FPT ) and first return time ( FRT ) by using the variance and the reduced moment as the measures .	Note that the FRT and FPT are deeply affected by the starting or target site .
It is argued that wave function collapse is not needed for introducing probabilities into relativistic quantum mechanics , and in any case should never be thought of as a physical process .	Alternative approaches to stochastic time dependence can be used to construct a physical picture of the measurement process that is less misleading than collapse models .
Different descriptions of final-state interactions ( FSI ) are compared .	For the inclusive electron scattering the relativistic Green 's function approach is compared with calculations based on the use of relativistic purely real mean field potentials in the final state .
A fully on-fiber optomechanical cavity is fabricated by patterning a suspended metallic mirror on the tip of an optical fiber .	Optically induced self-excited oscillations of the suspended mirror are experimentally demonstrated .
We take advantage of gravitational lensing amplification by Abell 1689 ( z=0.187 ) to undertake the first space-based census of emission line galaxies ( ELGs ) in the field of a massive lensing cluster .	Forty-three ELGs are identified to a flux of i_775=27.3 via slitless grism spectroscopy .
Orphan Afterglows ( OA ) should outnumber the current population of bursts detected in the gamma-ray band even if they have not been conclusively observed so far at any frequency .	We compute the expected flux of the population of orphan afterglows in the mm , optical and X-ray bands through a population synthesis code of GRBs and the standard afterglow emission model .
The Big Bang theory can not and does not provide any explanation for the primordial hot and dense initial condition .	In order to give an explanation for the cause of the Big Bang , this paper expands the original Dirac sea ( which includes only electrons ) to the quark Dirac sea ( QDS ) including quarks ( u and d ) for producing the Big Bang with quark energy .
The evolution of the spin and tilt of black holes in compact black hole - neutron star and black hole - black hole binary systems is investigated within the framework of the coalescing compact star binary model for short gamma ray bursts via the population synthesis method .	Based on recent results on accretion at super critical rates in slim disk models , estimates of natal kicks , and the results regarding fallback in supernova models , we obtain the black hole spin and misalignment .
The data used correspond to an integrated luminosity of 1.0fb $ ^ { -1 } $ collected at 7TeV center-of-mass energy in proton-proton collisions with the LHCb detector .	The measurement is performed in three regions of the invariant mass of the $ b\bar { b } $ system .
The nearby Andromeda galaxy ( M31 ) has been observed with the ROSAT PSPC in a mosaic of 6 pointings with 25 ksec each .	In the paper describing the results on the total sample of detected sources , Supper et al .
It seems that so far there was no systematical exposition of the theory in the framework of the non-matricial approach .	We believe , however , that in a number of topics the non-matricial approach gives a more elegant and transparent theory .
We find no evidence for such activity and place limits on the abundances and the lifetimes of the possible radioactive nuclides that could form in the rapid decompression of nuclear-density matter .	Furthermore , our limits are significantly fainter than the peak magnitude of any previously detected broad-lined Type Ic supernova ( SN ) associated with other GRBs , effectively ruling out a long GRB-like SN for with this event .
The phonon assignment shows a large frequency splitting between the transverse and longitudinal components of the A $ _1 $ phonon mode related to the Bi-O bonds in contrast with thin films where the splitting is negligible .	Applying an external electric field induces frequency shifts of the low energy modes related to the Bi-O bonds .
In this paper , we have taken a fresh look at the problem .	First , a new and comprehensive theoretical framework for cyclic AND/OR graphs has been presented , which was found missing in the recent literature .
In data from a switching payoff matrix experiment of extended 2x2 games ( Binmore , Swierzbinski and Proulx , 2001 [ 1 ] ) , we find the changing of the social evolutionary rotation can be distinguished quantitatively .	The evolutionary rotation can be captured by evolutionary dynamics .
This is closely related to an earlier result of A. Okounkov for the Gelfand-Cetlin polytopes of the symplectic group .	As a corollary we recover a multiplicativity property of the canonical basis due to P. Caldero .
We calculate numerically the normal modes of vibrations in 3D jammed packings of soft spheres as a function of the packing fraction and obtain the energy diffusivity , a spectral measure of transport that controls sound propagation and thermal conductivity .	The crossover frequency between weak and strong phonon scattering is controlled by the coordination and shifts to zero as the system is decompressed towards the critical packing fraction at which rigidity is lost .
Thereafter , using the T and S duality symmetries of the low energy string effective action we arrive at the corresponding uncharged , electrically charged and magnetically charged solutions .	Brief comments on the construction of dual versions of the Kerr-Sen type using the dilatonic Kerr solution as the seed are also included .
In this paper , we establish a connection between zonoids ( a concept from classical convex geometry ) and the distinguishability norms associated to quantum measurements , or POVMs ( Positive Operator-Valued Measures ) , recently introduced in quantum information theory .	This correspondence allows us to state and prove the POVM version of classical results from the local theory of Banach spaces about the approximation of zonoids by zonotopes .
The intergranular junction has strong red shifts , darker intensities than the regular intergranular lanes , and surface converging flows .	This clearly confirms that the converging and downward convective motions are essential for the approaching process of the opposite-polarity magnetic elements .
Discussed is kinematics and dynamics of bodies with affine degrees of freedom , i.e. , homogeneously deformable `` gyroscopes '' .	The special stress is laid on the status and physical justification of affine dynamical invariance .
The line of sight to the quasar at z=2.507 appears to be very busy , with the presence , within 0.5 arcsec from the source of : ( i ) a possible galactic main-sequence star , ( ii ) a faint red lensing galaxy visible only in H-band and ( iii ) a new object whose colors and morphology match those of an almost face-on spiral .	The V-I color and faint I magnitude of the latter suggest that it is associated with the molecular absorber seen towards PKS 1830-211 , at z=0.89 rather than with the z=0.19 HI absorber previously reported in the spectrum of PKS 1830-211 .
It is shown how the formalism predicts electromagnetic momentum to be extracted from the vacuum field , just analogous to how energy is extracted in the Casimir case .	The possibility of extracting momentum from vacuum was discussed recently by Feigel [ Phys.Rev.Lett .
The next surveys , which already have started taking data , will provide another major step forward .	At the current level , systematics appear under control , and it is expected that weak lensing will develop into a key tool in the era of precision cosmology , provided we improve our knowledge of the non-linear matter power spectrum and the source redshift distribution .
We present a simple method for adaptively binning the pixels in an image .	The algorithm groups pixels into bins of size such that the fractional error on the photon count in a bin is less than or equal to a threshold value , and the size of the bin is as small as possible .
We study a problem of allocating divisible jobs , arriving online , to workers in a crowdsourcing setting which involves learning two parameters of strategically behaving workers .	Each job is split into a certain number of tasks that are then allocated to workers .
Improved algorithms for simplical grid need less computer memory ; the problem of the prohibitively large memory allocation required for the large number ( $ & gt ; 10^6 $ ) of simplical cells is now eliminated -- the new version can handle such cases even on the average desktop computers .	In addition , generation of the Monte Carlo events , in case of large number of cells , may be even significantly faster .
The emergence of the 2D gas is independent of the presence of oxygen vacancies or polar discontinuities ; this is a self-doping effect .	This mechanism might apply to many charge ordered systems , in particular , we study the case of BaBiO3 ( 001 ) .
We have computed the eta-prime pseudoscalar octet mass splitting using staggered fermions on both dynamical and quenched gauge configurations .	We have used Wuppertal smeared operators to reduce excited state contributions .
The spectral index values calculated using $ C $ , $ X $ & amp ; $ K $ bands are smaller than the expected values for optically thin regime .	During this time the optical bolometric light curve stays in the plateau phase .
In the FUV through i bands , we find that the observed and modeled SEDs are in excellent agreement .	In the Spitzer 3.6micron and 4.5micron bands , we find that modeled SEDs systematically over-predict observed luminosities by up to ~0.2 dex , depending on treatment of the TP-AGB stars in the synthesis models .
We consider separately two cases : with a light scalar $ h $ and with a light pseudoscalar $ A $ , assuming $ { M_ { h } +M_ { A } } \ge { M_ { Z } } $ .	The charged Higgs contribution is also included .
Our proposed scenario is that of a jet produced during the explosion which deposits 56Ni-rich material in the outer layers of the ejecta .	The presence of high-velocity radioactive material allows us to reproduce the complete luminosity evolution of the object .
We conclude that for realistic estimation of the electronic coupling values between the nucleobases within the DNA molecule , a DNA chain containing at least four base pairs is required .	We estimate the geometry relaxation of the base pairs within the ( A-T ) n and ( G-C ) n oligomers ( n=1-6 ) due to their oxidation .
The red clump is found to be split into two components along several sightlines toward the Galactic Bulge .	This split is detected with high significance toward the areas ( -3.5 & lt ; l & lt ; 1 , b & lt ; -5 ) and ( l , b ) = ( 0 , +5.2 ) , i.e. , along the Bulge minor axis and at least 5 degrees off the plane .
To refine our knowledge of the physical properties of 2M1207 b and its nature , we obtained an accurate determination of the distance to the 2M1207 A and b system by measurements of its trigonometric parallax at the milliarcsec level .	With the ESO NTT/SUSI2 telescope , in 2006 we began a campaign of photometric and astrometric observations to measure the trigonometric parallax of 2M1207 A .
Using high time cadence images from the STEREO EUVI , COR1 and COR2 instruments , we derived detailed kinematics of the main acceleration stage for a sample of 95 CMEs in comparison with associated flares and filament eruptions .	We found that CMEs associated with flares reveal on average significantly higher peak accelerations and lower acceleration phase durations , initiation heights and heights , at which they reach their peak velocities and peak accelerations .
DBI inflation requires a warp factor h small enough to sufficiently slow down the inflaton .	On the other hand , the Einstein equation in extra dimensions under the inflationary background deforms the warp space in the IR side .
However , whether such a medium can be both in radiative and hydrostatic equilibrium with an accretion disk is still uncertain .	We investigate the properties of such warm , optically thick coronae and put constraints on their existence .
We show that fitting the solar and the atmospheric neutrino data considerably restricts the Majorana-Yukawa couplings of the leptons in this model and leads to predictions for the decay $ \tau\to \mu +\gamma $ , which is found to be accessible to the next generation of rare decay searches .	We also show that the resulting parameter space of the model is consistent with the requirements of generating adequate baryon asymmetry through lepton-number violating decays of the right-handed neutrino .
The elimination of redundant operators via equations-of-motion constraints is discussed in detail .	Polarized cross sections for $ e^+e^-\to W^+W^- $ ( on-shell ) are computed and the corrections to the standard model results are given in an expansion for large $ s/M^2_W $ .
We present a possible explanation for the formation and confinement of such rings in optically thin circumstellar disks , without invoking shepherding planets .	If an enhancement of dust grains ( e.g. , due to a catastrophic collision ) occurs somewhere in the disk , photoelectric emission from the grains can heat the gas to temperatures well above that of the dust .
Inflation in supergravity , however , can not be easily described because of restrictions from supersymmetry ( SUSY ) .	The scalar potential has an exponential factor and a large negative term whereas a flat and positive potential is needed to realize inflation .
was observed to the expected final depth of the main survey .	In this , the first of a series of papers targetting the galaxy count and clustering properties of the combined multi-epoch test area data , we present a detailed investigation into the depth of the survey and the reliability of the Pan-STARRS1 analysis software .
Oliner , Jackson and their co-workers explained and justified this phenomenon as the result of the excitation of the leaky waves supported by the corrugated screen .	Here we suggest another setup , in which metamaterial layers with special parameters may be utilized as covers over a single sub-wavelength aperture in a perfectly electric conducting ( PEC ) flat screen in order to increase the wave transmission through this aperture , and we provide a detailed analytical explanation for this aperture setup that may lead to similar , more pronounced effects when the metamaterial layers are used in the entrance and the exit face of the hole in the flat PEC screen with no corrugation .
The matter produced in the early stages of heavy ion collisions consists mostly of gluons , and is penetrated by coherent magnetic field produced by spectator nucleons .	The fluctuations of gluonic matter in an external magnetic field couple to real and virtual photons through virtual quark loops .
This is done in two steps .	First we calculate the spectral decomposition of the FP operator and show that the ghost propagator $ \mathcal { G } ( k ; A ) = \langle \vec { k } | \mathcal { M } ^ { -1 } ( A ) | \vec { k } \rangle $ in an external gauge potential $ A $ is enhanced at low $ k $ in Fourier space for configurations $ A $ on the Gribov horizon .
We probe the long-range spin chain approach to planar N=4 gauge theory at high loop order .	A recently employed hyperbolic spin chain invented by Inozemtsev is suitable for the SU ( 2 ) subsector of the state space up to three loops , but ceases to exhibit the conjectured thermodynamic scaling properties at higher orders .
We propose the new technique of physical-layer cryptography based on using a massive MIMO channel as a key between the sender and desired receiver , which need not be secret .	The goal is for low-complexity encoding and decoding by the desired transmitter-receiver pair , whereas decoding by an eavesdropper is hard in terms of prohibitive complexity .
We give some lectures on the work on formal logic of Jacques Herbrand , and sketch his life and his influence on automated theorem proving .	The intended audience ranges from students interested in logic over historians to logicians .
We say such a traversal is a face-continuous space-filling curve if , at any level of recursion , the interior of the union of any set of consecutive parts is connected -- -that is , consecutive parts must always meet along an edge .	Most famously , the isosceles right triangle admits a 2-reptiling , which forms the basis of the face-continuous Sierpinski space-filling curve ; many other right triangles admit reptilings and gentilings that yield face-continuous space-filling curves as well .
We investigated the effect of surfactants and their concentration ( Csur ) on the final graphene concentration ( CG ) via the liquid-phase exfoliation method .	Six typical surfactants including ionic and non-ionic ones were explored and the optimized Csur for each surfactant was suggested .
We also present the results of $ \sigma_ { K N } $ and $ \sigma_ { \eta N } $ , which could be determined by $ \sigma_ { \pi N } $ and $ y_N $ from their definition in the current algebra , and find that these two physical parameters are quite sensitive to $ y_N $ .	The results indicate the necessity to restrict the parameters of the two models from more precision measurements .
The bare scalars are strongly distorted by hadronic mass shifts , and the lightest I=0 state becomes a very broad resonance of mass and width of about 500 MeV .	This is the sigma meson required by models based on linear realization of chiral symmetry .
However , these fibers do support multiple polarization modes , an issue that is generally ignored for larger-core fibers given the large number of propagation modes .	Since diffraction gratings used in most high resolution astronomical instruments have dispersive properties that are sensitive to incident polarization changes , any birefringence variations in the fiber can cause variations in the efficiency profile , degrading illumination stability .
We begin the analyses by finding that galaxy merger rate in the SAMs has mild redshift evolution , consistent with results of previous works .	To study the environmental dependence of galaxy merger rate , we adopt two estimators , the local overdensity ( 1+ { \delta } n ) defined as the surface density from the nth-nearest-neighbor ( n = 6 is chosen in this study ) and the host halo mass Mh .
How multicellular life forms evolved out from unicellular ones constitutes a major problem in our understanding of the evolution of our biosphere .	A recent set of experiments involving yeast cell populations has shown that selection for faster sedimenting cells leads to the appearance of stable aggregates of cells that are able to split into smaller clusters .
in the area of the merging cluster Abell 3921 at redshift 0.093 .	We investigate the impact of the complex cluster environment on galaxy properties such as morphology or star formation rate .
All the angular records reported in the Sidereus Nuncius are , for the first time , compared with satellites ' elongations carefully reconstructed taking into account software accuracy and the indeterminacy of observation time .	This comparison allows us to derive the experimental errors of Galileo 's measurements and gives us direct insight into the effective angular resolution of Galileo 's observations .
Our approach consistently treats both soft and hard contributions to the collisional energy loss .	Consequently , it removes the unphysical energy gain in a region of lower momenta obtained by previous computations .
Two encoding methods are considered for ISS : One is carrier independent encoding where independent codewords are modulated by different subcarriers for which different decoding methods can be applied ; the other is carrier joint encoding where a single codeword is modulated by all the subcarriers for which a single decoder is applied .	For each encoding method , this paper presents the associated optimal user power and rate allocation strategy at each iteration of transmit adaptation .
We observe for the first time this striking and general phenomenon measuring current fluctuations in an isolated diffusive system .	While small fluctuations result from the sum of weakly-correlated local events , for currents above a critical threshold the system self-organizes into a coherent traveling wave which facilitates the current deviation by gathering energy in a localized packet , thus breaking translation invariance .
Of interest classically are harmonic polynomials , which have a simple classification .	Further , the work of Reznick , building on the work of others , namely Sylvester , Clifford , Rosanes , Gundelfinger , Cartan , Maass and Helgason , has led to a classification of all polynomial solutions to a differential equation of arising from a homogeneous polynomial over an algebraically closed field .
In the absence of a magnetic field the particles in MR fluid are dispersed in the base fluid and its flow through the apertures is behaves as a Newtonian fluid having a constant shear stress .	When the magnetic field is applying a MR fluid behavior change , and behaves like a Bingham fluid with a variable shear stress .
We compare this free energy with a formal partition function of the discretized AdS_5 x S^5 superstring with the kappa-symmetry fixed in the killing gauge and in the expansion corresponding to the weak 't Hooft coupling expansion in the SYM .	We find common properties on both sides , although further studies are required to obtain a more precise comparison .
We consider the phase behavior of two-dimensional ( $ 2D $ ) system of particles with an isotropic core-softened potential introduced in our previous publications .	As one can expect from the qualitative consideration for the three dimensional case , the system demonstrates a reentrant-melting transition at low densities along with waterlike anomalies in the fluid phase near the melting maximum .
We argue that the orbital motion of the secondary black hole is reflected in the wobble of the jet and demonstrate that the wobble is orbital position dependent .	The erratic wobble of the jet , reported in Agudo et al .
Thus , we demonstrate that the measurement of translocation dynamics of DNA through nanopore can yield detailed information about its structure .	We have also found that the periodicity of the block sequences are contained in the periodicity of the residence time of the individual nucleotides inside the pore .
We cover modified Higgs sectors with a singlet and doublet extension , new top partners , and a vector triplet .	First , weakly interacting models only generate small relevant subsets of dimension-6 operators .
These devices incorporate slotted regions etched into the laser ridge waveguide for tailoring the output spectrum .	Experimental measurements are presented demonstrating that optical injection in one or both modes of these devices can induce wavelength bistability .
We search for new ones.This is carried outwithin the asymptotic framework of Ashtekar and Romano , in which spatial infinity is represented as a smooth boundary of space-time .	We first introduce , for physical fields on space-time , a characterization of their asymptotic behavior as certain fields on this boundary .
Quality metrics are used to measure the quality of improvement in the images after they are processed and compared with the original images .	Compression is one of the applications where it is required to monitor the quality of decompressed or decoded image .
Here , we strengthen ( under certain conditions ) a recent result by Reed and Wood , giving better bounds on the average degree required to force an $ H $ -minor when $ H $ is a sparse graph with many high degree vertices .	This solves an open problem of Reed and Wood , and also generalises ( to within a constant factor ) known results when $ H $ is an unbalanced complete bipartite graph .
The many-body Hamiltonian for the system is written in a form which is approximately quadratic with higher order cubic and quartic terms .	The quadratic part is diagonalized exactly by transforming to a quasiparticle basis , while the non-quadratic terms are dealt with using first and second order perturbation theory .
Recently , the chiral-induced spin selectivity in molecular systems has attracted extensive interest among the scientific communities .	Here , we investigate the effect of the gate voltage on spin-selective electron transport through the $ \alpha $ -helical peptide/protein molecule contacted by two nonmagnetic electrodes .
On the basis of the density functional theory , we give a clear definition of the free energy landscape .	To show the usefulness of the definition , we construct the free energy landscape for rearrangement of atoms in an FCC crystal of hard spheres .
This paper summarizes efforts to computationally model two transitions in the evolution of human creativity : its origins about two million years ago , and the 'big bang ' of creativity about 50,000 years ago .	Using a computational model of cultural evolution in which neural network based agents evolve ideas for actions through invention and imitation , we tested the hypothesis that human creativity began with onset of the capacity for recursive recall .
The ordered magnetic moment is found to increase rapidly for small x , and more slowly for the larger x values .	The increase of the specific-heat anomaly at the ordering temperature with x is in qualitative accord with this behavior .
To quantify the extent to which urban locations are pleasant , we use data from a crowd-sourcing platform that shows two street scenes in London ( out of hundreds ) , and a user votes on which one looks more beautiful , quiet , and happy .	We consider votes from more than 3.3K individuals and translate them into quantitative measures of location perceptions .
For cloud computing to become widely adopted by both the enterprises and individuals , several issues have to be solved .	A key issue that needs special attention is security of clouds , and trust management is an important component of cloud security .
An important feature of the numerical method is that time steps can be taken in which the degrees of freedom of the fluid are completely underresolved , partially resolved , or fully resolved while retaining a good level of accuracy .	Error estimates in each of these regimes are given for the method .
We have searched for two-body charmless hadronic decays of $ B $ mesons .	Final states include $ \pi\pi $ , $ K \pi $ , and $ KK $ with both charged and neutral kaons and pions ; $ \pi\rho $ , $ K \rho $ , and $ K^*\pi $ ; and $ K\phi $ , $ K^*\phi $ , and $ \phi\phi $ .
In the proposed method the messages are combined together using a special variant of random linear network coding .	Each client is provided with a private set of decoding coefficients to decode its own message .
For scalar fields , the inclusion of the vector potential modifies the known modes only through a change in the field strength renormalization .	For fermionic theories , where an infinite number of particle species are required in order for nonpolynomial interactions to be possible , we find no evidence for any analogous relevant modes .
Matter-wave interference of these components leads to atomic gratings , which have been observed in both spatially separated fields and time separated fields .	Time-dependent signals can be transformed into frequency dependent signals , leading to ground state Ramsey fringes ( GSRF ) .
We tentatively detect weak absorption by H_2 in M83 and NGC 5253 , and set upper limits on the H_2 column density in the other galaxies .	Conservative upper limits on the mass of molecular gas detected with FUSE are many orders of magnitude lower than the H_2 mass inferred from CO emission .
Our bounds are stated in terms of smooth min and max Renyi divergences .	We obtain these results using a different analysis of the random codebook argument and employ a new one-shot classical mutual covering argument based on rejection sampling .
We only consider the metric structure of trees , and our framework is the space $ \bT $ of pointed isometry classes of locally compact rooted real trees equipped with the Gromov-Hausdorff distance .	Some of the main results of the paper are a general tightness criterion in $ \bT $ and limit theorems for growing families of trees .
To this end we compute two- and three-point QCD Green functions ( GFs ) in both theories and compare the results .	GFs which are order parameters of chiral symmetry breaking make this matching more transparent and thus we concentrate on those .
Extinctions to the line-emitting regions substantially exceed earlier measurements based on optical H recombination lines .	Hard X-rays from the quasar nucleus are likely to dominate the excitation of the H2 emission .
The enhanced statistics from next LHC runs will enable entry into the precision era to study the properties of Higgs with greater details .	In this paper we present how one can extract Higgs couplings in future LHC runs at 14 TeV via $ H \rightarrow Z Z^* \rightarrow 4 \ell $ , using observables constructed from angular distributions for the Standard Model Higgs and Higgs with mixed CP configuration .
Angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy in combination with ab-initio calculations suggest that the doping behavior changes from electron donation for the Fe adatom to neutral or electron acceptance for Fe incorporated into substitutional Bi sites .	According to first principles calculations within density functional theory , these Fe substitutional impurities retain a large magnetic moment thus presenting an alternative scheme for magnetically doping the topological surface state .
An effective low-energy one-dimensional `` anyon '' model is constructed ; and its correlation functions are found to be in agreement with those in the CSM ; and this agreement provides an evidence for the equivalence of the first- and the second-quantized construction of the 1D anyon model at least in the long wave-length limit .	Furthermore , the finite-size scaling applicable to the conformally invariant systems is used to obtain the complete set of correlation exponents for the CSM .
The majority of the human genome consists of repeated sequences .	An important type of repeated sequences common in the human genome are tandem repeats , where identical copies appear next to each other .
We show that it is a unique solid phase with both a lattice structure and an Off-Diagonal Long Range Order of coherently oscillating local electric dipole moments .	These dipoles arise from the local motion of the atoms in the crystal potential well , and oscillate in synchrony to reduce the dipolar interaction energy .
The relationship between the discrete rhombohedral lattice and a discrete Cartesian lattice is explained .	Some interesting aspects of the lattice and of the counting-number 4-tuple coordinate system are pointed out .
However given the probabilistic nature of this data , there is a distribution describing the L1 median , not a single location .	We show how to construct and estimate this median distribution in near-linear or quadratic time in 1 and 2 dimensions .
The resulting conformal transformations are generated by a twisted stress tensor , which has a central charge $ c= { 3k E^2 \ell^4/4 } $ where k is the level of the U ( 1 ) current .	This is an AdS_2 analog of the Brown-Henneaux formula $ c = 3\ell/2G $ for the central charge of quantum gravity on AdS_3 .
We give a theoretical analysis of the mapping scheme , characterizing exact asymptotic behavior and also giving non-asymptotic bounds which we verify through numerical simulations .	We balance the theoretical treatment with several practical considerations ; these allow substantial speed up of the method .
We focus on the relaxed version of the problem obtained by relaxing the fixed buffer capacity constraint that must be satisfied at all time epoch .	The relaxation allows us to reduce the multi-flow problem into a family of single-flow problems , for which we can analyze both theoretically and numerically the existence of optimal control policies of special structure .
The adoption of detailed mechanisms for chemical kinetics often poses two types of severe challenges : First , the number of degrees of freedom is large ; and second , the dynamics is characterized by widely disparate time scales .	As a result , reactive flow solvers with detailed chemistry often become intractable even for large clusters of CPUs , especially when dealing with direct numerical simulation ( DNS ) of turbulent combustion problems .
A surprisingly simple but apparently viable picture emerges , featuring essentially three phases , distinguished by whether strangeness is conserved ( standard nuclear matter ) , conserved modulo two ( hypernuclear matter ) , or locked to color ( color flavor locking ) .	These are separated by sharp phase transitions .
Together with continuing follow-up optical observations , the data have enabled a substantial reduction in the number of PNe previously tagged as `likely ' and `possible ' .	The total number of LMC PNe is adjusted to 715 but with a greater degree of confidence in regard to classification .
The high latitude clouds are primarily translucent molecular clouds and diffuse Galactic cirrus with the majority of them seen at high latitude simply due to their proximity to the Sun .	The rare exceptions are those , like the Draco and other intermediate or high velocity clouds , found significantly above or below the Galactic plane .
We use 15 GHz radio data obtained with the Owens Valley Radio Observatory 40-m telescope , 95 GHz millimeter data from the Combined Array for Research in Millimeter-Wave Astronomy , and GeV gamma-ray data from the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope .	The radio light curves during the flaring periods in 2012 and 2013 have very different appearances , both in shape and peak flux density .
The specific luminosity , which is proportional to the inverse product of the overlap IP beam sizes , is continuously monitored using radiative-Bhabha events .	The spatial variation of the luminosity and of the transverse-boost distribution of the colliding e+/- , are measured using e+ e- -- & gt ; mu+ mu- events reconstructed in the BaBar detector .
A class of distance measures on probabilities -- the integral probability metrics ( IPMs ) -- is addressed : these include the Wasserstein distance , Dudley metric , and Maximum Mean Discrepancy .	IPMs have thus far mostly been used in more abstract settings , for instance as theoretical tools in mass transportation problems , and in metrizing the weak topology on the set of all Borel probability measures defined on a metric space .
Events like inflation or phase transitions can produce large density perturbations on very small scales in the early Universe .	Probes of small scales are therefore useful for e.g.discriminating between inflationary models .
In addition , we provide a number of real world scenarios where our framework can be applied .	Simulation results are also provided to show the controller performance .
These potentials were used for the Monte Carlo modeling of the short range order in the Fe-N system .	It was discovered that in FCC Fe lattice , nitrogen atoms might be partially ordered .
In gasses and their liquids , interacting by Lennard-Jones potentials whose mean distance is bigger than the quantum correlation distance and than the molecular interaction distance r0 , it is possible to define a Fokker-Plank type equation of motion as a function of the mean phase space molecular volume that far from equilibrium shows maximizing the dissipation of a part of the generalized SQHA-free energy .	In the case of a real gas with no chemical reactions and at quasi-isothermal conditions , the principle disembogues into the maximum free energy dissipation confirming the experimental outputs of electro-convective instability .
Here $ k $ is a positive integer .	Properties of these functions are related to the space of modular forms of weight $ 2k $ .
NGC 1400 's radial velocity ( 549 km/s ) is extremely low compared to that of the central galaxy of Eridanus A ( NGC 1407 with $ v_\odot $ = 1766 km/s ) and the other members of the system , suggesting that it is a foreground galaxy projected by chance onto the cluster .	Using the shapes of the globular cluster luminosity functions , however , we derive distances of 17.6 +/- 3.1 Mpc to NGC 1407 and 25.4 +/- 7.0 Mpc to NGC 1400 .
In this paper , we briefly review some of the known results concerning the cohomological structures of the mapping class group of surfaces , the outer automorphism group of free groups , the diffeomorphism group of surfaces as well as various subgroups of them such as the Torelli group , the IA outer automorphism group of free groups , the symplectomorphism group of surfaces .	Based on these , we present several conjectures and problems concerning the cohomology of these groups .
We show that the general quantum state of synthetically spin-orbit coupled ultra cold bosonic atom whose condensate was experimentally created recently ( Y. J. Lin { \it et al .	} , Nature , { \bf 471 } , 83 , ( 2011 ) ) , shows entanglement between motional degrees of freedom ( momentum ) and internal degrees of freedom ( hyperfine spin ) .
Based on RCNN , we use a discriminative model to re-rank a $ k $ -best list of candidate dependency parsing trees .	The experiments show that RCNN is very effective to improve the state-of-the-art dependency parsing on both English and Chinese datasets .
First , we prove the existence and uniqueness of solutions , under sufficient criteria and in appropriate $ L^2 $ -based spaces , of a single ( particle ) CSDA-equation by using two complementary techniques , the Lions-Lax-Milgram Theorem ( variational approach ) , and the theory evolution operators ( semigroup approach ) .	The necessary a priori estimates are shown .
It is in principle exact and applicable to model and quantum chemical Hamiltonians .	The theory is presented here for the Hubbard Hamiltonian .
Structural , vibrational and thermal properties of densified sodium silicate ( NS2 ) are investigated with classical molecular dynamics simulations of the glass and the liquid state .	A systematic investigation of the glass structure with respect to density was performed .
This phenomenon is experimentally verified by direct measurements of the local TDOS in Bi $ _2 $ Te $ _3 $ .	By combining the perturbation theory and the WKB approximation we calculate the LLs in the presence of hexagonal warping .
We present ~2 '' resolution CO ( 3-2 ) , HCO+ ( 4-3 ) and 880micron continuum images of the luminous infrared galaxy NGC6240 obtained at the Submillimeter Array .	We find that the spatially resolved CO ( 3-2 ) , HCO+ ( 4-3 ) and the 880micron emission peaks between the two nuclear components that are both known to harbor AGNs .
The semiclassical corrections to the Cardy-Verlinde entropy of a five-dimensional Schwarzschild de-Sitter black hole ( SdS_5 ) are explicitly evaluated .	These corrections are considered within the context of KKW analysis and arise as a result of the self-gravitation effect .
The number of regions of the type A_ { n-1 } Shi arrangement in R^n is counted by the intrinsically beautiful formula ( n+1 ) ^ { n-1 } .	First proved by Shi , this result motivated Pak and Stanley as well as Athanasiadis and Linusson to provide bijective proofs .
We consider a solvable model of a laser-interferometer measuring a weak classical force .	The model takes into account dissipation of the energy by transfer to the environment at zero temperature .
The quasiparticles are the perturbative QCD ladders .	We find , within the WKB approximation , that the smallness of the QCD coupling constant ensures the hierarchy among many-quasiparticle interactions evaluated within physical vacuum and in particular , the dominance in the Lagrangian of the triple quasiparticle interaction .
It is considered non-integrable and numerical solutions have been found , consisting of localised , robust vortices .	We show in this work that the equation is integrable and provide the Lax pair .
The properties of the generated wakefield is shown to be in good quantitative agreement with previous theoretical results .	Generalizations of the code to account for more quantum effects is discussed
Issues such as J/Psi suppression and hydrodynamical flow in A+A collisions require data from LHC-Ions for an improved understanding .	Suppression of high pT particles in Au+Au collisions , first observed at RHIC , also has unresolved mysteries such as the equality of the suppression of inclusive pi0 ( from light quarks and gluons ) and direct-single electrons ( from the decay of heavy quarks ) in the transverse momentum range 4 & lt ; pT & lt ; 9 GeV/c .
In contrast to ordinary symmetries , supersymmetry interchanges bosons and fermions .	Originally proposed as a symmetry of our universe , it still awaits experimental verification .
We review the evidence supporting valence-fluctuation mediated superconductivity in CeCu2Si2 and CeCu2Ge2 , where Tc reaches 2.4 K at high pressure .	In these systems the valence and magnetic critical points , at p_V and p_c respectively , are well separated .
Although deterministic chaos has been predicted to occur in the triply resonant optical parametric oscillator ( TROPO ) fifteen years ago , experimental evidence of chaotic behavior in this system has been lacking so far , in marked contrast with most nonlinear systems , where chaos has been actively tracked and found .	This situation is probably linked to the high sensitivity of the TROPO to perturbations , which adversely affects stationary operation at high power .
Interaction among these asymmetric features results in a large scale stellar migration .	However , we show that , despite the strong radial mixing , discs can not be thickened sufficiently to match observed thick discs .
When gas accretes onto a black hole , at a rate either much less than or much greater than the Eddington rate , it is likely to do so in an `` adiabatic '' or radiatively inefficient manner .	Under fluid ( as opposed to MHD ) conditions , the disk should become convective and evolve toward a state of marginal instability .
A combination of ground-based ( NTT and VLT ) and HST ( HDF-N and HDF-S ) public imaging surveys have been used to collect a sample of 1712 I-selected and 319 $ K\leq 21 $ galaxies .	Photometric redshifts have been obtained for all these galaxies .
Measuring the collective particle density correlation functions in the vicinity of the glass transition we verify four predicted mixing effects .	For instance , for large size disparities , adding a small amount of small particles at fixed packing fraction leads to a speed up in the long time dynamics , while at small size disparity it leads to a slowing down .
We make this polynomial Hamiltonian from the viewpoint of accessible singularity and local index .	We also give its symmetry and holomorphy conditions .
Special emphasis is given to their duality relations to the sets of superpositive and k-superpositive maps .	We characterize k-positive and k-superpositive maps with regard to their properties under taking compositions .
A stochastic treatment of this classical fluctuations leads us to a Fokker-Planck equation which is reminiscent of Kramers ' equation for thermally activated processes .	This reveals an interplay of three aspects of evolution of quantum noise in weakly dissipative open systems ; the reversible Liouville flow , the irreversible chaotic diffusion which is characteristic of the system itself , and irreversible dissipation induced by the external reservoir .
During the first run in visitor mode , we observed the LMC Wolf-Rayet star BAT99 7 and the stars WR6 , WR7 , WR18 , and WR23 in our Galaxy .	The second run in service mode was focused on monitoring the star WR6 .
Lo et al can really work in practice .	Their main protocol requires infinite number of different coherent states which is in principle impossible for any set-up .
The efficiency drops according to $ \tau_ { \rm T } ^ { -2 } $ in an optically thick { \it uniform } ISM , where $ \tau_ { \rm T } $ is the total optical depth of the dusty ISM , whereas the efficiency remains almost constant at a high level if the ISM is { \it clumpy } .	Hence , if the bulge formation begins with a star formation event in a clumpy ISM , the radiation drag will effectively work to remove the angular momentum and the accreted gas may form a supermassive black hole .
Proposed mechanisms for the formation of km-sized solid planetesimals face long-standing difficulties .	Robust sticking mechanisms that would produce planetesimals by coagulation alone remain elusive .
Neutrinos may possibly violate the spin-statistics theorem , and hence obey Bose statistics or mixed statistics despite having spin half .	We find the generalized equilibrium distribution function of neutrinos which depends on a single fermi-bose parameter , \kappa , and interpolates continuously between the bosonic and fermionic distributions when \kappa changes from -1 to +1 .
We carefully examine common measures of dynamical heterogeneity for a model polymer melt and test how these scales compare with those hypothesized by the Adam and Gibbs ( AG ) and random first-order transition ( RFOT ) theories of relaxation in glass-forming liquids .	To this end , we first analyze clusters of highly mobile particles , the string-like collective motion of these mobile particles , and clusters of relative low mobility .
We have developed a new , quasi-Lagrangian approach for numerical modeling of magnetohydrodynamics in low to moderate $ \beta $ plasmas such as the solar corona .	We introduce the concept of a `` fluxon '' , a discretized field line .
We then derive the paraxial limits of these equations with the help of sign function identities .	We show that by embedding the sign functions in the ray tracing equations , we explicitly declare our chosen sign conventions in symbols and not in prose .
When considering gravitons running in the loops , we show how the structure of the interactions gets destabilized at the quantum level , exactly in the same way as in its massive gravity limit .	A priori one might have expected a better quantum behavior , however the broken diffeomorphism invariance out of the two initial diffeomorphisms in bigravity has similar consequences at the quantum level as the broken diffeomorphism in massive gravity .
Using sensitive centimeter-wave receivers mounted on the Owens Valley Radio Observatory and Berkeley-Illinois-Maryland-Association millimeter arrays , we have obtained interferometric measurements of the Sunyaev-Zel'dovich ( SZ ) effect toward massive galaxy clusters .	We use the SZ data to determine the pressure distribution of the cluster gas and , in combination with published X-ray temperatures , to infer the gas mass and total gravitational mass of 18 clusters .
We present a theory of the melting of elemental solids as a dislocation-mediated phase transition .	We model dislocations near melt as non-interacting closed strings on a lattice .
We show here that the MOND mass estimator used by Lo et al .	is smaller than the proper expression , by a factor of about twenty .
Moreover , in a lattice system , the sum of the local pressures is not equal to the total force as is required in a continuous system .	The difference is caused by correlation between occupations of surface sites as well as finite displacement of surface elements used in the definition of the pressures and the force .
If the neutron-star equation of state is sufficiently stiff , we show that the total energy loss in the point-particle approximation is formally divergent .	Various mechanisms -including viscosity , finite-size effects and the elasticity of the crust- can damp high- $ l $ modes and regularize the total energy loss .
The new proposed `` energy gradient theory , '' which physically explains the phenomena of flow instability and turbulent transition in shear flows and has been shown to be valid for parallel flows , is extended to curved flows in this study .	Then , three important theorems for fluid dynamics are deduced .
As the starting point , we abandon Gabor 's complex extension and re-evaluate fundamental principles of time-frequency analysis .	We provide a multicomponent model of a signal that enables rigorous definition of instantaneous frequency on a per-component basis .
The p ( p , e^+ \nu_e ) ^2H reaction rate is an essential ingredient for theoretical computations of stellar models .	In the past several values of the corresponding S-factor have been made available by different authors .
We derive semiclassical approximations for wavefunctions , Green 's functions and expectation values for classically chaotic quantum systems .	Our method consists of applying singular and regular perturbations to quantum Hamiltonians .
On one hand , spontaneous parametric down-conversion is used to produce entangled photon-pairs .	On the other hand , we take advantage of two photon routers , consisting of electro-optically controllable couplers , to separate the paired photons and to perform a Bell state measurement , respectively .
The German engineer H.A .	Janssen gave one of the first accounts of the often peculiar behavior of granular material in a paper published in German in 1895 .
Balister , Bollob\'as , Sarkar and Walters proved that if $ k & lt ; 0.3043\log n $ then the probability that $ G $ is connected tends to 0 , whereas if $ k & gt ; 0.5139\log n $ then the probability that $ G $ is connected tends to 1 .	We prove that , around the threshold for connectivity , all vertices near the boundary of the square are part of the ( unique ) giant component .
In this paper we consider extensions of elasticity theory that allow us to describe elasticity of materials with fractional non-locality , memory and fractality .	The basis of our consideration is an extension of the usual variational principle for fractional non-locality and fractality .
Multiple carrier frequency offsets ( CFOs ) present in the uplink of orthogonal frequency division multiple access ( OFDMA ) systems adversely affect subcarrier orthogonality and impose a serious performance loss .	In this paper , we propose the application of time domain receiver windowing to concentrate the leakage caused by CFOs to a few adjacent subcarriers with almost no additional computational complexity .
Social media , however , is a forum where individuals of diverse backgrounds can share their thoughts and opinions .	As consumption shifts from old media to new , Twitter has become a valuable resource for analyzing current events and headline news .
Molecular emission lines play a crucial role in cooling excited gas , and recently , with Herschel Space Observatory we have been able to observe the rich molecular spectrum .	CO is the most abundant and one of the brightest molecules in the Herschel wavelength range .
Time to midmarket sale ( $ \tau_S $ ) is found to scale as 1/J while its fluctuation goes as $ 0.73/J $ .	A `` reduced '' time ( $ \tau_ { reduced } $ ) is also studied , and found to scale in a non-trivial way .
The mechanism exploits the trapping of such particles by rotational streaming cells established in the vicinity of an oscillating cylinder , recently analyzed in previous work .	The present work explores a strategy of transporting particles between the trapping points established by multiple cylinders undergoing oscillations in sequential intervals .
Backdoor sets , a notion introduced by Williams et al .	in 2003 , are certain sets of key variables of a CNF formula F that make it easy to solve the formula ; by assigning truth values to the variables in a backdoor set , the formula gets reduced to one or several polynomial-time solvable formulas .
The overlap squared $ M ( t ) $ of two wave packets evolving under slightly different Hamiltonians is shown to have the double-exponential initial decay $ \propto \exp ( - { \rm constant } \times e^ { 2\lambda_0 t } ) $ in the main part of phase space .	The coefficient $ \lambda_0 $ is the self-averaging Lyapunov exponent .
Efficiency of the complex converter made of kapton supporting film with gadolinium converters layered on both its sides is considered .	All calculations are carried out for four fixed neutron energies , which correspond to the wavelengths of 1 , 1.8 , 3 and 4 $ \AA $ .
Slow configurational modes are in quasi-equilibrium at an effective temperature .	It enters thermodynamic relations with the configurational entropy as conjugate variable .
An ensemble of commuting states that can be manipulated classically has a unit classicality , while a general ensemble has a classicality less than 1 .	We also study how quantum an ensemble is by defining a related quantity called quantumness .
It is well-known that the set of points in $ % [ 0,1/ ( \beta -1 ) ] $ having unique $ \beta $ -expansion , in other words , those points whose orbits under greedy $ \beta $ -transformation escape a hole depending on $ \beta $ , is of zero Lebesgue measure .	The corresponding escape rate is investigated in this paper .
The expected photometric precision of Kepler is 90 micromag ( achieved in 15 minute samples ) , at which the effect of microlensing by a transiting companion can be significant .	For example , for a solar-type primary transited by a white-dwarf secondary , the maximum depth of the transit is 0.01 % , which is almost entirely compensated by the microlensing amplification when the white dwarf is at ~0.05 AU .
In particular this solves for this class of amenable groups a conjecture of Gromov saying that every finitely generated amenable group has no first reduced lp-cohomology .	As a byproduct , we prove a conjecture by Pansu .
The breaking of a U ( 1 ) _A `` charge '' symmetry is driven by a non-trivial profile for a charged scalar field in a charged asymptotically AdS_4 black hole .	The chemical potential imbalance is implemented by turning on the temporal component of a U ( 1 ) _B `` spin '' field under which the scalar field is uncharged .
A class of very energetic supernovae ( hypernovae ) is associated with long gamma-ray bursts , in particular with a less energetic but more frequent population of gamma-ray bursts .	Hypernovae also appear to be associated with mildly relativistic jets or outflows , even in the absence of gamma-ray bursts .
Of certain interest is the ratio between the number of hits ( S ) and hosts ( H ) .	In practice there is even used such a concept as `` average number of viewed pages '' ( S/H ) , which on default supposes a linear dependence of S on H. What actually happens is that linear dependence is observed only as a partial case of power dependence , and not always .
Using simulations and analytic arguments , we obtain the average particle density and current of the system , as a function of the boundary rates and the total number of particles .	Our findings are relevant to biological transport problems if the availability of molecular motors becomes a rate-limiting factor .
In [ 1 ] this problem was studied for multi-unit auctions with unit demand bidders and for the public project problem , and in each case social welfare undominated mechanisms in the class of feasible and incentive compatible mechanisms were identified .	One way to improve upon these optimality results is by allowing the players to move sequentially .
Fossil galaxy groups are speculated to be old and highly evolved systems of galaxies that formed early in the universe and had enough time to deplete their $ L^ { * } $ galaxies through successive mergers of member galaxies , building up one massive central elliptical , but retaining the group X-ray halo .	Considering that fossils are the remnants of mergers in ordinary groups , the merger history of the progenitor group is expected to be imprinted in the fossil central galaxy ( FCG ) .
The specific properties of the states enter the physical factor only .	It is precisely this fact that makes the Wigner-Eckart theorem invaluable in physics .
The relative motion of vehicles was obtained using a combination of deforming and sliding computational grids .	The vehicle studied is an Ahmed body with an angle of the rear end slanted surface of $ 30^ { \circ } $ .
The long time span of the Kepler Mission of 3.5 yrs , and the unprecedentedly high precision of its data provide a unique opportunity for the study of RR Lyrae stars .	Using data of a modulated star observed in the first roll as a showcase , we discuss the data , our analyses , findings , and their implications for our understanding of RR Lyrae stars and the Blazhko effect .
The basic construction is unproblematic , however , it is no longer a weak reflection .	Indeed , we show that various reflection principles for models of regular theories are equivalent to choice principles in the ambient set theory .
With p=6 and \lambda_p~1 , the observed spectrum and spectral tilt can be obtained with soft mass of order 10^2 GeV but not with a much higher mass .	The case p=3 requires \lambda_p~10^ { -9 } to 10^ { -12 } .
The density profile is measured and then fit to the Fermi distribution function , from which the global temperature of the system , $ T $ , is determined .	Then the center of mass , $ & lt ; z ( T ) & gt ; $ , and its fluctuations , $ & lt ; \Delta z ( T ) ^2 & gt ; $ , are measured and plotted as functions of $ T $ .
The earlier approaches use locality-preserving hash functions ( that tend to map nearby points to the same value ) to construct several hash tables to ensure that the query point hashes to the same bucket as its nearest neighbor in at least one table .	Our approach is different -- we use one ( or a few ) hash table and hash several randomly chosen points in the neighborhood of the query point showing that at least one of them will hash to the bucket containing its nearest neighbor .
We show that the resulting distributed optimization framework leads to feasible subproblems and through its repeated execution , the algebraic connectivity increases monotonically .	Moreover , we describe how to adjust the communication load of the robots based on locally computable measures .
We first show that this behavior is universal because it is a direct consequence of the well-establised universal form of the vicinal-surface free energy .	Second , we give a universal relation between the amplitudes of the tangential and the normal profiles , in close connection with the universal Gaussian curvature jump at the facet edge in systems with short-range inter-step interactions .
We present $ \gamma $ -ray , X-ray , ultraviolet , optical , and near-infrared light curves of 33 $ \gamma $ -ray bright blazars over four years that we have been monitoring since 2008 August with multiple optical , ground-based telescopes and the Swift satellite , and augmented by data from the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope and other publicly available data from Swift .	The sample consists of 21 flat-spectrum radio quasars ( FSRQs ) and 12 BL Lac objects ( BL Lacs ) .
Coupling mathematical modeling and experiments , we investigate the growth and motility of oncogene -- expressing human mammary epithelial cells under exposure to TGF -- $ \beta $ .	We use a version of the well -- known Fisher -- Kolmogorov equation , and prescribe a procedure for its parametrization .
Similar relations for metrics of arbitrary signature on a manifold are considered .	We point the possibility that any physical theory based on real Lorentzian metric ( s ) can be ( re ) formulated equivalently in terms of real Euclidean metric ( s ) .
However , modern applications in statistics , engineering , and machine learning are posing problems with potentially tens of thousands of parameters or more .	We revisit this convex programming problem and propose an algorithm that scales well with dimensionality .
Random graphs are useful tools to study social interactions .	In particular , the use of weighted random graphs allows to handle a high level of information concerning which agents interact and in which degree the interactions take place .
We carried out the time-dependent ionization calculation in the magnetic reconnection structure .	We only calculated the transient ionization of iron ; the other species were assumed to be in ionization equilibrium .
BICM is found to be suboptimal in the sense that its minimum energy per bit can be larger than the corresponding value for coded modulation schemes .	The minimum energy per bit using standard Gray mapping on M-PAM or M^2-QAM is given by a simple formula and shown to approach -0.34 dB as M increases .
We investigate the resolved stellar content of early-type dwarf galaxies in the CenA group , in order to estimate the fraction of their intermediate-age populations .	We use near-infrared photometric data taken with the VLT/ISAAC instrument , together with previously analyzed archival HST/ACS data .
If the number of colors is less than optimal , the objects may still be correctly distinguished with some success probability less than 1 .	We show that the success probability of the quantum scheme is better than the corresponding classical one and is information-theoretically optimal .
It starts with assumptions of minimal structure and introduces complexity only when the data demand it .	Moreover , the causal states it infers have important predictive optimality properties that conventional HMM states lack .
We compute the full contribution of flavor and ( or ) Lorentz anomalies to the thermodynamic partition function .	Apart from the Wess-Zumino consistency condition the Euclidean generating function must satisfy an extra requirement which we refer to as `consistency with the Euclidean vacuum . '
We have calculated several representative models of vertical structure of an accretion disk around a supermassive Kerr black hole .	The interaction of radiation and matter is treated self-consistently , taking into account departures from LTE for calculating both the disk structure and the radiation field .
For a given rational subspace L , we integrate a given polynomial function h over all lattice slices of the affine cone s + c parallel to the subspace L and sum up the integrals .	We study these intermediate sums by means of the intermediate generating functions $ S^L ( s+c ) ( \xi ) $ , and expose the bidegree structure in parameters s and $ \xi $ , which was implicitly used in the algorithms in our papers [ Computation of the highest coefficients of weighted Ehrhart quasi-polynomials of rational polyhedra , Found.Comput.Math .
We have given a summary on our theoretical predictions of three kinds of topological semimetals ( TSMs ) , namely , Dirac semimetal ( DSM ) , Weyl semimetal ( WSM ) and Node-Line Semimetal ( NLSM ) .	TSMs are new states of quantum matters , which are different with topological insulators .
We find that the QS stage allows for more energy to be extracted from neutron star to QS conversion as well as from ensuing accretion onto the QS .	The QS accretion phase naturally extends the engine activity and can account for both the prompt emission and irregular early X-ray afterglow activity .
\onlinecite { mfmc2 } by an explicit counter-example .	Here , we show that the conjecture is almost true , in that the ratio of the quantum max-flow to the quantum min-cut converges to $ 1 $ as the dimension $ N $ of the degrees of freedom on the edges of the network tends to infinity .
The GUT threshold also affects superpartner masses , and can easily give rise to realistic predictions if the GUT gauge group is asymptotically free .	We give an explicit example of a model with these features , in which the doublet-triplet splitting problem is solved .
Atomically-thin molybdenum disulfide is emerging as a new nanomaterial with potential applications in the fields of electronic and photonics .	Charge carrier dynamics plays an essential role in determining its electronic and optical properties .
Perfect transmission for nearly head-on collision in inffnite graphene is suppressed in gapped dressed states of electrons .	We also present our results on enhanced mobility of hot Dirac electrons in nanoribbons and magnetoplasmons in graphene in the presence of the energy gap .
Being periodically driven quantum systems , their topological description , however , is more complex than that of closed Hamiltonian systems .	We map out the topological phases of the particle-hole symmetric one-dimensional discrete-time quantum walk .
Our approach is based on linear combinations of symmetry-projected configurations built out of a set of non-orthogonal , variationally optimized determinants .	The resulting wavefunction preserves the symmetries of the original Hamiltonian even though it is written as a superposition of deformed ( broken-symmetry ) determinants .
The CMW first induces a separation of the right and left chiral charges along the magnetic field ; the resulting dipolar axial charge density in turn induces the oppositely directed vector charge currents leading to an electric quadrupole moment of the quark-gluon plasma .	Boosted by the strong collective flow , the electric quadrupole moment translates into the charge dependence of the elliptic flow coefficients , so that $ v_2 ( \pi^+ ) & lt ; v_2 ( \pi^- ) $ ( at positive net charge ) .
The most probable reason for this difference is that globulars had an initial mass high enough to retain primordial gas and ejecta from the first stellar generation and thus formed a second generation with a distinct composition , an initial mass exceeding that of open clusters .	NGC 6791 is a massive open cluster , and warrants a detailed search for chemical inhomogeneities .
Such results are useful in planning for future epidemics .	The number of days required to vaccinate entire high risk population in three subpopulations ( villages , tehsils and towns ) are noted to be 84 , 89 and 88 respectively .
The results match the observed contrasts in temperature changes , globally and in Antarctica .	Evidently clouds do not just respond passively to climate changes but take an active part in the forcing , in accordance with changes in the solar magnetic field that vary the cosmic-ray flux .
The infection cycle , for example , is indistinctly modeled in two very different ways .	In one representation , the process is described including explicitly a fixed delay between infection and offspring release .
This analytical description accounts for mode coupling and remains valid in a nonadiabatic environment .	It has been used to investigate the applicability condition of the adiabatic approximation .
Facilitated or kinetically constrained spin models ( KCSM ) are a class of interacting particle systems reversible w.r.t .	to a simple product measure .
18 ( 2008 ) 1519-1547 ) in Bayesian nonparametrics .	Specifically , given some information on the random partition induced by an initial sample from a Gibbs-type random probability measure , we study the conditional distributions of statistics related to the old species , namely those species detected in the initial sample and possibly re-observed in an additional sample .
We find that Pi3 Ori 's coronal emission measure distribution is very similar to those of moderately active G and K dwarfs , with an emission measure peak near $ \log T=6.6 $ seeming to be ubiquitous for such stars .	In contrast to coronal temperature , coronal abundances are known to depend on spectral type for main sequence stars .
On the other hand , the curved momentum space is a well-known feature of particles coupled to three-dimensional gravity .	The purpose of this thesis was to explore some properties and mutual relations of the above two models .
Rigorous analysis of the central quantities of QIT on systematic series of molecules offered the introduction of the concept of chemical bond and aromaticity directly from physical principles and notions .	We identify covalent bond , donor-acceptor dative bond , multiple bond , charge-shift bond , and aromaticity indicating unified picture of fundamental chemical models from ab initio .
These rings coincide with the rings of quasi modular forms for geometries with duality groups for which these are known .	They provide a generalization thereof otherwise .
Let $ u_\zeta ( g ) $ denote the small quantum group associated to the simple complex Lie algebra $ g $ , with parameter $ q $ specialized to a primitive $ \ell $ -th root of unity $ \zeta $ in the field $ k $ .	Generalizing a result of Cline , Parshall and Scott , we show that if $ M $ is a finite-dimensional $ u_\zeta ( g ) $ -module admitting a compatible torus action , then the injectivity of $ M $ as a module for $ u_\zeta ( g ) $ can be detected by the restriction of $ M $ to certain root subalgebras of $ u_\zeta ( g ) $ .
Field-theoretical considerations can provide such additional constraints on the low-lying spectrum and multiplicities of models .	Especially for theories with elementary or composite Higgs particle the Fr\ '' ohlich-Morchio-Strocchi mechanism provides a route to create additional conditions , though showing it to be at work requires genuine non-perturbative calculations .
Usual inflation is realized with a slow rolling scalar field minimally coupled to gravity .	In contrast , we consider dynamics of a scalar with a flat effective potential , conformally coupled to gravity .
We investigate a possibility for construction of the conventional Friedmann cosmology for our observable Universe if underlying theory is multidimensional Kaluza-Klein model endowed with a perfect fluid .	We show that effective Friedmann model obtained by dynamical compactification of the multidimensional one is faced with too strong variations of the fundamental `` constants '' .
We study the relationship between derived categories of factorizations on gauged Landau-Ginzburg models related by variations of the linearization in Geometric Invariant Theory .	Under assumptions on the variation , we show the derived categories are comparable by semi-orthogonal decompositions and describe the complementary components .
In a flat Friedmann-Lema\^ { \i } tre-Robertson-Walker ( FLRW ) geometry , we consider the expansion of the universe powered by the gravitationally induced `adiabatic ' matter creation .	To demonstrate how matter creation works well with the expanding universe , we have considered a general creation rate and analyzed this rate in the framework of dynamical analysis .
To make the nonlinear methods work , some careful analysis of the fractional spaces involved is necessary .	As a particular case , we derive an existence theorem for the fractional Laplacian , finding nontrivial solutions of the equation $ $ \left\ { \begin { array } { ll } ( -\Delta ) ^s u=f ( x , u ) & amp ; { \mbox { in } } \Omega\\ u=0 & amp ; { \mbox { in } } \erre^n\setminus \Omega .
We investigate the influence of the luminosity and average energy ( temperature ) of supernova neutrinos on these two nucleosynthesis processes .	Common models of the total energy E_nu and the decay time of the neutrino luminosity tau_nu of supernova neutrinos are adopted to understand both processes .
The Kashiwara-Vergne Lie algebra $ \mathfrak { krv } $ encodes symmetries of the Kashiwara-Vergne problem on the properties of the Campbell-Hausdorff series .	It is conjectures that $ \mathfrak { krv } \cong \mathbb { K } t \oplus \mathfrak { grt } _1 $ , where $ t $ is a generator of degree 1 and $ \mathfrak { grt } _1 $ is the Grothendieck-Teichm\ '' uller Lie algebra .
Predictably sharing the network is critical to achieving high utilization in the datacenter .	Past work has focussed on providing bandwidth to endpoints , but often we want to allocate resources among multi-node services .
Our surgery view of boundary links is a key ingredient in a construction of a rational version of the Kontsevich integral , which is described in subsequent work .	The current version fixes minor typographical errors .
In contrast , we isolate two key graph-structural ingredients that can then be used to specify sample complexity lower-bounds .	Presence of these structural properties makes the graph class hard to learn .
Then , if T is below T_c , there is some frozen portion of the system .	We derive a formula for the number of frozen layers \mu_f , and compare our solution to the number of frozen layers in our simulated data .
Research done during the previous century established our Standard Cosmological Model .	There are many details still to be filled in , but few would seriously doubt the basic premise .
The nebula around eta Carinae consists of two distinct parts : the Homunculus and the outer ejecta .	The outer ejecta are mainly a collection of numerous filaments , shaped irregularly and distributed over an area of 1arcminx1arcmin .
A quasi-particle is made up of an arbitrary number of bosons , but couples to the source like a single one .	Factorization is related to coherence , and it allows computation of subleading contributions not obtainable by usual means .
These neurodegenerative diseases are caused by the conversion from a soluble normal cellular protein into insoluble abnormally folded infectious prions and the conversion is believed to involve conformational change from a predominantly alpha-helical protein to one rich in beta-sheet structure .	Such conformational changes may be amenable to study by molecular dynamics ( MD ) techniques .
With only the standard active neutrinos and power-law scalar spectra , this detection is in tension with the upper limit of r & lt ; 0.11 ( 95 % confidence ) from the lack of a corresponding low multipole excess in the temperature anisotropy from gravitational waves .	An extra sterile species with the same energy density as is needed to reconcile the CMB data with H0 measurements can also alleviate this new tension .
For instance , for $ 2\leq m\leq 14 , $ we show that the constants $ C_ { m } =2^\frac { m-1 } { 2 } $ can be replaced by $ 2^ { \frac { m^ { 2 } +6m-8 } { 8m } } $ if $ m $ is even and by $ 2^ { \frac { m^ { 2 } +6m-7 } { 8m } } $ if $ m $ is odd , which substantially improve the known values of $ C_ { m } $ .	We also show that the new constants present a better asymptotic behavior .
When introduced , although it was tested and declared as secure , in 2005 , a researcher named Bernstein claimed that it is vulnerable to side channel attacks .	The cache-based timing attack is the type of side channel attack demonstrated by Bernstein , which uses the timing variation in cache hits and misses .
We also obtain upper and lower bounds for the heat content of $ \Omega $ in $ M $ .	Two-sided bounds are obtained for the heat loss of $ \Omega $ in $ M $ if the measure of $ \Omega $ is finite .
We study the structure of multiple correlation sequences defined by measure preserving actions of commuting transformations .	When the iterates of the transformations are integer polynomials we prove that any such correlation sequence is the sum of a nilsequence and an error term that is small in uniform density ; this was previously known only for measure preserving actions of a single transformation .
Due to the residual $ Z_3 $ discrete symmetry of $ SU ( 2 ) _X $ , the new gauge bosons are the stable dark matter candidates .	Due to the mixture of standard model Higgs doublet and introduced quadruplet , dark matter could annihilate into the standard model particles through Higgs and new scalar portals .
We measure dark matter ( DM ) halo biases of b_G=1.44\pm0.02 and b_A=1.49\pm0.45 for the DEEP2 galaxies and Mg II absorbers , respectively , indicating that their clustering amplitudes are roughly consistent .	Haloes with the bias we measure for the Mg II absorbers have a corresponding mass of 1.8 ( +4.2/-1.6 ) \times 10^12h-1M_sun , although the actual mean absorber halo mass will depend on the precise distribution of absorbers within DM haloes .
We have conducted a search of 19 southern Galactic globular clusters for sub-millisecond pulsars at 660 MHz with the Parkes 64-m radio telescope .	To minimize dispersion smearing we used the CPSR baseband recorder , which samples the 20 MHz observing band at the Nyquist rate .
In real-time trajectory planning for unmanned vehicles , on-board sensors , radars and other instruments are used to collect information on possible obstacles to be avoided and pathways to be followed .	Since , in practice , observations of the sensors have measurement errors , the stochasticity of the data has to be incorporated into the models .
Aims .	We investigate the ortho-water abundance in outflows and shocks in order to improve our knowledge of shock chemistry and of the physics behind molecular outflows.Methods .
The vortex lattice ( VL ) in the high-kappa superconductor YBa2Cu3O7 , at 2 K and with the magnetic field parallel to the crystal c-axis , undergoes a sequence of transitions between different structures as a function of applied magnetic field .	However , from structural studies alone , it is not possible to determine precisely the system anisotropy that governs the transitions between different structures .
We find that the best description of the differential data is provided by a rather 'stiff ' EoS at 2 A cdot GeV ( NL3 ) while at higher bombarding energies ( 4 -- 8 A cdot GeV ) a 'medium ' EoS leads to the lowest chi^2 with respect to the data .	However , the differences in the transverse and elliptic flows ( from the different parameter sets ) become of minor significance at 4 -- 8 A cdot GeV .
We prove that for divergent series solutions of nonlinear ( or linear ) differential systems near a generic irregular singularity , the common prescription of summation to the least term is , if properly interpreted , meaningful and correct , and we extend this method to transseries solutions .	In every direction in the complex plane at the singularity ( Stokes directions { \em not } excepted ) there exists a nonempty set of solutions whose difference from the `` optimally '' ( i.e. , near the least term ) truncated asymptotic series is of the same ( exponentially small ) order of magnitude as the least term of the series .
Whereas in classical spin ices the excitations are akin to electrostatic charges , in the quantum spin liquid these charges interact through a dynamic and emergent electromagnetic field .	In this review , we describe the latest developments in the study of such a quantum spin ice , focussing on the spin liquid phenomenology and the kinds of materials where such a phase might be found .
Let $ { \mathfrak p } \subset { \mathfrak g } $ be a parabolic subalgebra of s simple finite dimensional Lie algebra over $ { \mathbb C } $ .	To each pair $ w^ { \mathfrak a } \leq w^ { \mathfrak c } $ of minimal left coset representatives in the quotient space $ W_p\backslash W $ we construct explicitly a quantum seed $ { \mathcal Q } _q ( { \mathfrak a } , { \mathfrak c } ) $ .
This result differs from previous determinations as well from the `standard ' value 3.1 for the Milky Way .	The derived individual extinctions for blue and red luminous stars from the catalogue of Magnier et al .
Recently , the effective medium approach using 2x2 basic cluster of model lattice sites to predict the conductivity of interacting droplets has been presented by Hattori et al .	To make a step aside from pure applications , we have studied earlier a multi-scale percolation , employing any kxk basic cluster for non-interacting particles .
In this short note we recall and relate some classic transformations that figure among Fritz Gestesy 's favorite tools of spectral theory , and indeed thereby make connections among some of his favorite scholars of the past , Bohl , Darboux , and Green .	After doing this in the context of one-dimensional Schr\ '' odinger equations on the line , we obtain some novel analogues for discrete one-dimensional Schr\ '' odinger equations .
We also present temporal monitoring results of a small sub-set of sources at 7 , 15 mm and 3+6 cm to investigate grain growth to cm sizes and constrain emission mechanisms in these sources .	Additionally , we investigated the potential correlation between grain growth signatures in the infrared ( 10 \mu m silicate feature ) and millimetre ( 1-3 mm spectral slope , { \alpha } ) .
Our analysis is based on the picture that the glasma just after the collision is made of color electric and magnetic flux tubes extending in the longitudinal direction with their diameters of the order of 1/Q_s ( Q_s is the saturation scale of the colliding nuclei ) .	We find that both the electric and magnetic flux tubes expand outwards and the field strength inside the flux tube decays rapidly in time .
They guarantee that at least one concurrent operation finishes in a finite number of its own steps regardless of the state of the operations .	Our analysis considers such lock-free data structures that can be represented as linear combinations of fixed size retry loops .
The one-loop Effective Action ( EA ) can be expressed in terms of the logarithm of determinant of the appropriate first-order differential operator acting in the spinors space .	Simple algebraic manipulations on determinants must be used in order to apply properly the Schwinger-DeWitt technique , or even the covariant perturbation theory ( Barvinsky and Vilkovisky , 1990 ) , which is used in the present work .
In this paper we consider a resonance problem , in a generic regime , in the consideration of relaxation of ground states of semilinear Schrodinger equations .	Different from previous results , our consideration includes the presence of resonance , resulted by overlaps of frequencies of different states .
We study the strangeness electromagnetic form factors of the nucleon from the N_f=2+1 clover fermion lattice QCD calculation .	The disconnected insertions are evaluated using the Z ( 4 ) stochastic method , along with unbiased subtractions from the hopping parameter expansion .
Motivated by recent neutron scattering experiments in Fe-based superconductors , we study how the magnetic resonance in the superconducting state is affected by the simultaneous presence of either static or fluctuating magnetic orders using the random phase approximation .	We find that for the underdoped materials with coexisting superconducting and antiferromagnetic orders , spin rotational symmetry is explicitly broken at the ordering momentum $ Q_1 = ( \pi,0 ) $ .
The action of the automorphism group of C_n on the family of these maximal independent sets partitions this family into disjoint orbits , which represent the non-isomorphic ( i.e. , defined up to a rotation and a reflection ) maximal independent sets .	We provide exact formulas for the total number of orbits and the number of orbits having a given number of isomorphic representatives .
In this Master of Science Thesis I introduce geometric algebra both from the traditional geometric setting of vector spaces , and also from a more combinatorial view which simplifies common relations and operations .	This view enables us to define Clifford algebras with scalars in arbitrary rings and provides new suggestions for an infinite-dimensional approach .
Classical results of ( Lai and Robbins 1985 ) and ( Auer et al .	2002 ) imply a logarithmic regret bound for the Lipschitz MAB problem on finite metric spaces .
A full reflective subcategory E of a presheaf category [ C* , Set ] is the category of sheaves for a topology j on C if and only if the reflection preserves finite limits .	Such an E is called a Grothendieck topos .
Our observations demonstrate that dark-cored filaments are more prominent in polarized light than in continuum intensity .	Far from disk center , the Stokes profiles emerging from these structures are very asymmetric and show evidence for magnetic fields of different inclinations along the line of sight , together with strong Evershed flows of at least 6-7 km/s .
We postulate the existence of universal crossover functions connecting the universal parts of the entanglement entropy to the low temperature thermal entropy in gapless quantum many-body systems .	These scaling functions encode the intuition that the same low energy degrees of freedom which control low temperature thermal physics are also responsible for the long range entanglement in the quantum ground state .
In this paper , based on two-fold degenerate Hubbard model , the influence of magnetic order on J-T distortion is investigated .	The electron correlation is treated using a spectral density approach and J-T interaction is added to the model .
On the theory side , we show that , while standard density functional theory is not capable of correctly describing van der Waals interactions , functionals especially designed to include van der Waals forces exist , yielding results in remarkable agreement with experiment .	From the experimental point of view , we show examples in which IR adsorption and Raman spectroscopy are essential to study molecule/MOF interactions .
In this paper , we characterize the statistical properties of neutral evolution of proteins under the requirement that the native state remains thermodynamically stable , and compare them to the ones of Kimura 's model of neutral evolution .	Our study is based on the Structurally Constrained Neutral ( SCN ) model which we recently proposed .
A phonon-roton dispersion relation is proposed for the elementary excitations of a quantum biexcitonic liquid in semiconductors .	The proposed dispersion relation is used as a starting point for a calculation of the photoluminescence spectrum of the liquid and an analysis of its behavior under variation of the temperature and density of the biexcitonic liquid .
On the basis of these simulations we argue that there is no unequivocal evidence that the dense neutral clumps at heads of the columns were cores in the pre-existing molecular cloud .	In our simulations , a variety of initial conditions leads to the formation and maintenance of near-equilibrium columns .
Our work confirms some recent results of Texier and Hagendorf obtained by Dyson-Schmidt methods , and extends them to other observables and in presence of a drift .	In particular the power law density of states is found to hold in all cases .
Using the finite-range regularisation ( FRR ) of chiral effective field theory , the chiral extrapolation formula for the vector meson mass is derived for the case of partially-quenched QCD .	We re-analyse the dynamical fermion QCD data for the vector meson mass from the CP-PACS collaboration .
We prove that if the initial data decays fast enough , and the solution decays fast enough at one time slice , then the solution hs to vanish identically for all time .	The hypothesis for decay we impose is shown to be optimal , uniqueness fails otherwise .
Our formulation bears some similarity to the Poisson structure for non-dissipative systems .	We develop a canonical description for constrained dissipative systems through an extension of the Dirac brackets concept , and we present a new formula for calculating Dirac brackets .
In this context , apart from crystallographic x-ray and electron diffraction tools , polarized Raman spectroscopy and corresponding spectral imaging can be a promising crystallographic tool for determining both crystalline phase and orientation .	Sub-micron sized hexagonal AlGaN crystallites are grown by a simple atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition technique using the self catalytic vapor-solid process under N-rich condition .
It has been shown that the simplest models of this kind are in conflict with observations at the solar system level .	In this letter we point out that when one adds to the action inverse powers of curvature invariants that do not vanish for the Schwarzschild geometry one generically recovers an acceptable Newtonian limit at small distances .
In the domination game , introduced by Bre\v { s } ar , Klav\v { z } ar and Rall in 2010 , Dominator and Staller alternately select a vertex of a graph $ G $ .	A move is legal if the selected vertex $ v $ dominates at least one new vertex -- that is , if we have a $ u\in N [ v ] $ for which no vertex from $ N [ u ] $ was chosen up to this point of the game .
The universal values $ z_g = 3.8\pm 0.2 $ and $ \nu_g = 1.8\pm 0.1 $ are obtained .	Using these values , the data are scaled for fields in the range 1-9~T .
Power density spectra ( PDS ) that are characteristic of low mass X-ray binaries ( LMXBs ) have been previously reported for M31 X-ray sources observed by XMM-Newton .	However , we have recently discovered that these PDS are false positives resulting from the improper manipulation of non-simultaneous lightcurves .
Better measurements of nanodust will allow us to determine where it comes from and the extent to which it interacts with the solar wind .	When one of these nanodust grains impacts a spacecraft , it creates an expanding plasma cloud , which perturbs the photoelectron currents .
It was believed until very recently that a near-equatorial satellite would always keep up with the planet 's equator ( with oscillations in inclination , but without a secular drift ) .	As explained in Efroimsky and Goldreich ( 2004 ) , this opinion originated from a wrong interpretation of a ( mathematically correct ) result obtained in terms of non-osculating orbital elements .
In this manuscript , I will report the details of our recent work on the vector meson-baryon ( VB ) interaction , which we studied with the motivation of finding dynamical generation of resonances in the corresponding systems .	We started our study by building a formalism based on the hidden local symmetry and calculating the leading order contributions to the scattering equations by summing the diagrams with : ( a ) a vector meson exchange in the t-channel ( b ) an octet baryon exchange in the s- , u-channels and ( c ) a contact interaction arising from the part of the vector meson-baryon Lagrangian which is related to the anomalous magnetic moment of the baryons .
This chapter then outlines the general experimental requirements to robustly detect the signals us- ing each method , by comparing their magnitude to the typical sources of measurement uncertainty .	This chapter goes on to compare the various methods to each other by outlining the regions of planet and host star parameter space where each method is most sensitive , stressing the complementarity of the ensemble of the methods at our disposal .
We present the experimental observation of a large exchange coupling $ J \approx 300 $ $ \mu $ eV between two $ ^ { 31 } $ P electron spin qubits in silicon .	The singlet and triplet states of the coupled spins are monitored in real time by a Single-Electron Transistor , which detects ionization from tunnel-rate-dependent processes in the coupled spin system , yielding single-shot readout fidelities above 95 % .
This article discusses the difficulties that arose when attempting to specify and design a large scale digital learning environment for Scottish schools .	This had a potential user base of about 1 million users and was intended to replace an existing , under-used system .
For the first time , we find good agreement between theory and observations .	We identify the main source of this success relative to earlier work to be a consequence of the large gas contents of satellites at infall , a factor ~5-10 times larger than in semi-analytical models .
The nonrelativistic Green function formalism and the method of `` direct matching '' are used .	The NNLO correction turns out to be large , of the same size as the NLO correction .
Based on these general mathematical results , we investigate generic dynamical properties of complex open quantum systems , employing arguments from ensemble theory .	We further generalize these results to arbitrary eigenvalue distributions , allowing a detailed comparison of typical regular and chaotic systems with the help of concepts from random matrix theory .
It is known that the latter is not asymptotically continuous and it is not known whether it is weakly additive .	However , by suitably modifying the max- relative entropy of entanglement we obtain a quantity which is seen to satisfy both these properties .
It attracts wide interest to seek universe saturable absorber covering wavelengths from near infrared to mid-infrared band .	Multilayer black phosphorus , with variable direct bandgap ( 0.3-2 eV ) depending on the layer number , becomes a good alternative as a universe saturable absorber for pulsed lasers .
High-throughput RNA sequencing ( RNA-seq ) is now the standard method to determine differential gene expression .	Identifying differentially expressed genes crucially depends on estimates of read count variability .
These devices differ from previous metallic quantum dots in that the conducting channels are relatively well-transmitting .	We investigate the dependence of the Coulomb blockade on contact resistance .
This is relevant for both the foregrounds and the cosmological 21-cm signal buried therein .	The discussion here is restricted to the Galactic synchrotron radiation , the most dominant foreground component after point source removal .
It is demonstrated that due to a prominent collective response to an external field , the nanoparticles embedded in the medium enhance the yield of low-energy electrons .	The maximal enhancement is observed for electrons in the energy range where plasmons , which are excited in the nanoparticles , play the dominant role .
Furthermore , a discussion of the Quantum Beat phenomenon will be given , which is often assumed to be able to cause the observed oscillations .	This is , however , not possible for a splitting in the final state only .
The latter is a largely unexplored diagnostic of coronal magnetic fields with a very high potential .	Here we study the magnitude of the Hanle-effect signal to be expected outside the solar limb due to the Hanle effect in polarized radiation from the H { \sc { i } } Ly $ \alpha $ and $ \beta $ lines , which are among the brightest lines in the off-limb coronal FUV spectrum .
To prevent the jets from penetrating through the collapsing stellar core and escape with their energy , instead of forming the hot bubbles , the jets should be prevented from drilling a hole through the star .	This condition can be met if the jets ' axis rapidly changes its direction .
The Kepler problem is a dynamical system that is well defined not only on the Euclidean plane but also on the sphere and on the Hyperbolic plane .	First , the theory of central potentials on spaces of constant curvature is studied .
In conventional meson and in baryon spectroscopy , evidence is emerging that one -- gluon -- exchange does not provide the appropiate means to understand low -- energy QCD ; instanton -- induced interactions yield much more insight .	In particular the rich spectrum of baryon resonances is very well suited to test dynamical quark models using constituent quarks , a confinement potential plus some residual interactions .
This is due to the increased knowledge of galaxy bias as a function of redshift as well as the extra information from the different cosmological dependences of the cross-correlations .	We show that the cross-correlation between a spectroscopic LSS sample and a weak lensing sample with photometric redshifts can calibrate these same photometric redshifts , and their scatter , to high accuracy by modelling them as nuisance parameters and fitting them simultaneously cosmology .
Physical arguments related with the existence of black hole solutions having a non trapping interior are discussed .	Massive scalar fields interacting with gravity are considered .
Inspecting the light curves of these two classic Seyferts , we find evidence for at least five occurrences of a similar sequence of variations .	This pattern consists of a ~ 2 yr long sequence of shorter flares , with a total energy of 3 -- 5 10^ { 50 } ergs in the B-band .
Taking account of the implementation of the generalized sampler and hold , we adopt the filter-sampler structure for the generalized sampler , and the uspampler-filter-hold structure for the generalized hold .	Under these implementation constraints , we reformulate the problem as a standard discrete-time $ H^ { \infty } $ control problem by using the discrete-time lifting technique .
In cosmological first-order phase transitions , the progress of true-vacuum bubbles is expected to be significantly retarded by the interaction between the bubble wall and the hot plasma .	It has been claimed that this leads to a significant reduction in the number of topological defects formed per bubble , as a result of phase equilibration between bubbles .
This paper considers such a system model and presents a cross-layer approach to jointly design adaptive modulation and coding ( AMC ) at the physical layer and cooperative truncated automatic repeat request ( ARQ ) protocol at the data link layer .	We first derive a closed form expression for the spectral efficiency of the joint cooperative ARQ-AMC scheme .
It has recently been suggested that the winds from Classical T Tauri stars in general , and the wind from TW Hya in particular , reaches temperatures of at least 300,000 K while maintaing a mass loss rate of $ \sim 10^ { -11 } $ \Msol yr $ ^ { -1 } $ or larger .	If confirmed , this would place strong new requirements on wind launching and heating models .
with a three sphere .	Therefore , at fixed time , the winding of the map is defined .
We propose a model of a three-tier supply chain in a decentralized state which includes a supplier , a manufacturer and a retailer .	For analyzing supply chain performance in decentralized state and the relationships between the members of the supply chain , we use a Stackelberg game and consider in this paper a hierarchical equilibrium solution for a two-level game .
We report the results of our campaign to follow-up spectroscopically several candidate extrasolar transiting planets from the OGLE-III survey in the direction of the Galactic center , announced in 2001 ( Udalski et al 2002a , b ) .	All of these objects present shallow and periodic dips in brightness that may be due to planetary companions .
We will prove that provided the diameter of the inclusion is small enough in the spectrum of Laplacian opens spectral gaps , i.e.frequencies that does not propagate through the waveguide .	The existence of the band gaps will verified using the asymptotic analysis of elliptic operators .
Even after phenomenal development in the field of radar hardware design and signal processing , till now the collection of pure multipolar data is a challenge for the radar system designers .	Till very recently , the power of computer simulation of radar signal return was available to a very selected few .
We present GURLS , a least squares , modular , easy-to-extend software library for efficient supervised learning .	GURLS is targeted to machine learning practitioners , as well as non-specialists .
We use background field techniques to study the electromagnetic polarizabilities of hadrons .	Focusing on simulations in background electric fields , we present preliminary results for both charged and neutral particle polarizabilities .
The complementary condition necessary for combining two distinct solutions of the reflection equation algebra yields the braiding relations between these two sets of generators .	This may be thought as a generalization of Bose-Fermi statistics to braiding statistics , which them may be used to provide a new braided colagebraic structure to a Hopf algebra generated by the elements of the matrix $ K $ .
In the previous work of the author he proved that $ T^kM $ , $ 1\leq k\leq \infty $ , admits a vector bundle structure on $ M $ if and only if $ M $ is endowed with a linear connection or equivalently a connection map on $ T^kM $ is defined .	This bundle structure depends heavily on the choice of the connection .
The purpose of this paper is to present a theoretic and numerical study of utilizing squeezing and phase shift in coherent feedback control of linear quantum optical systems .	A quadrature representation with built-in phase shifters is proposed for such systems .
We discuss the consequences of relaxing the Minimal Flavour Violation assumption in the up-squark sector on the phenomenology of SUSY models .	We study the impact of the off-diagonal entries in the soft SUSY-breaking matrices on the mass of the lightest Higgs scalar and we derive the approximate analytical formulae that quantify this effect .
In the gapped phase this moment is free while in the gapless phase the susceptibility has the dependence $ \chi ( h ) \sim\ln ( 1/h ) $ on field strength $ h $ .	Vacancy moments have interactions that depend on their separation , their relative sublattice , and the phase of the model .
Remarkably , this is the first Bell violation with spatially separated parties that is free of the post-selection loophole , which affected all previous in-field long-distance energy-time experiments .	Our work takes a further step towards a fiber-based loophole-free Bell test , which is highly desired for secure quantum communication due to the widespread existing telecommunication infrastructure .
The spatial distribution of the satellite populations of the Milky Way and Andromeda are puzzling in that they are nearly perpendicular to the disks of their central galaxies .	To understand the origin of such configurations we study the alignment of the central galaxy , satellite system and dark matter halo in the largest of the `` Evolution and Assembly of GaLaxies and their Environments '' ( EAGLE ) simulation .
There exist two formulations for quantum heat engine .	One is semi-classical scenario , and the other is full quantum scenario .
Atomic Force Microscopy ( AFM ) conventional static force curves and Force Feedback Microscopy ( FFM ) force curves acquired with the same cantilever at the solid/air and solid/liquid interfaces are here compared .	The capability of the FFM to avoid the jump to contact leads to the complete and direct measurement of the interaction force curve , including the attractive short-range van der Waals and chemical contributions .
In database systems , preferences are usually captured as preference relations that are used to build preference queries .	In our approach , preference queries are relational algebra or SQL queries that contain occurrences of the winnow operator ( `` find the most preferred tuples in a given relation '' ) .
In this paper , it is shown that for any given single-hop communication network with two receivers , splitting messages into more than two sub-messages in a random coding scheme is redundant .	To this end , the Broadcast Channel with Cognitive Relays ( BCCR ) is considered .
The pre-Galactic abundance of lithium offers a unique window into non-thermal cosmological processes .	The primordial Li abundance is guaranteed to be present and probes big bang nucleosynthesis ( BBN ) , while an additional Li component is likely to have been produced by cosmic rays accelerated in large scale structure formation .
In regression analysis one wants to estimate the regression function from a data .	In this paper we consider the rate of convergence for the nearest neighbor estimator in case that the regression function is $ ( p , C ) $ -smooth .
We study whether the nonmonotonic behavior found in the differential cross section of the phi-meson photoproduction near threshold can be described by a resonance .	Namely , we add a resonance to a model consisting of Pomeron and ( pi , eta ) exchange by fiat and see if , with a suitable assignment of spin and parity , mass and width , as well as the coupling constants , one would be able to obtain a good description to all the data reported by the LEPS collaboration in the low-energy region .
The energy of matter could thus contract space within matter ; and because of the inter-connectedness of space , cause the elongation of space outside of matter .	And this would be compatible with Swartzchild spacetime curvature .
We account for the turbulence cutoff arising from both collisional and collisionless damping .	We obtain the scattering rate and show that fast modes provide the dominant contribution to cosmic ray scattering for the typical interstellar conditions in spite of the fact that fast modes are subjected to damping .
Instead , the scarcity of large discs reflects the relative scarcity of initially massive discs ( with mass $ & gt ; 0.1 M_\odot $ ) .	The ubiquity of discs on a small scale , on the other hand , mainly constrains the timespan over which the discs have been exposed to the ultraviolet field ( $ & lt ; 2 $ Myr ) .
The result of clustering does not depend on starting conditions .	Our algorithm makes it possible to give an idea about classes that really exist in the empirical data .
This paper is a major step in the classification of endotrivial modules over p-groups .	Let G be a finite p-group and k be a field of characteristic p. A kG-module M is an endo-trivial module if { \End_k ( M ) \cong k\oplus F } as kG-modules , where F is a free module .
We demonstrate that two-dimensional ( 2D ) arrays of coupled quantum dots ( QDs ) with six-fold degenerate p orbitals can display bistable states , suitable for application in high-density memory device with low power consumption .	Due to the inter-dot coupling of $ p_x $ and $ p_y $ orbitals in these QD arrays , two dimensional conduction bands can be formed in the x-y plane , while the $ p_z $ orbitals remain localized in the x-y plane such that the inter-dot coupling between them can be neglected .
Secondly , a variety of nonlinear processes are likely involved in the normal saturation of unstable oscillations , leading to the possibility that low-level , but potentially broadband fluctuation spectra may develop .	Both features carry indirectly the signature of the machine impedance .
Accretion effects and disk gaps could be considered in the modeling approach .	Results from previous studies restricted the parameter space .
Approximately 1 in 1000 BAL quasars with blueshifted C IV absorption also has redshifted C IV absorption ; objects with C IV absorption present only at redshifted velocities are roughly four times rarer .	In more than half of our objects , redshifted absorption is seen in C II or Al III as well as C IV , making low-ionization absorption at least ten times more common among BAL quasars with redshifted troughs than among standard BAL quasars .
Magnetization is free , due to dipole-dipole interactions ( DDIs ) .	We show that the critical temperature for condensation is lowered at extremely low magnetic fields , when the spin degree of freedom is thermally activated .
In this paper , we take a unified approach for network information theory and prove a coding theorem , which can recover most of the achievability results in network information theory that are based on random coding .	The final single-letter expression has a very simple form , which was made possible by many novel elements such as a unified framework that represents various network problems in a simple and unified way , a unified coding strategy that consists of a few basic ingredients but can emulate many known coding techniques if needed , and new proof techniques beyond the use of standard covering and packing lemmas .
These are indications of a reduced symmetry requiring joint rotations of both orientation preference and the underl ying topography .	We verify that this requirement extends to cortical maps of mo nkey and cat by direct statistical analysis .
We thereby extend the previous study of a dynamical treatment of the Goldstone-boson exchange by comparison with the commonly used instantaneous approximation to the case of orbital angular momentum l=1 .	Effects in the mass shifts show more variations than for the vector-meson case .
With 2D hydrodynamical simulations of disks perturbed externally by stars , brown dwarfs or planets we investigate possible scenarios that can account for the spiral structure in circumstellar disks .	We consider two scenarios , spiral structure driven by an external bound planet or low mass star and that excited by a previous stellar close encounter or flyby .
The UF performance is thus strongly dependent on the membrane properties , the hydrodynamic structure of the Brownian particles , their direct and hydrodynamic interactions , and the boundary conditions .	We present a macroscopic description of cross-flow UF of non-ionic microgels modeled as solvent-permeable spheres .
The source of the small value , is the impact parameter dependence of the hard amplitude .	Our model has successfully described a large body of soft data : elastic , inelastic and diffractive cross sections , inclusive production and rapidity correlations , as well as the $ t $ -dependence of deep inelastic diffractive production of vector mesons
By applying this generic nonlinear constitutive relation to finite-time thermodynamics , we obtain the necessary and sufficient condition for the universality of efficiency at maximum power , which states that a tight-coupling heat engine takes the universal efficiency at maximum power up to the quadratic order if and only if either the engine symmetrically interacts with two heat reservoirs or the elementary thermal energy flowing through the engine matches the characteristic energy of the engine .	As a result , we solve the following paradox : On the one hand , the universal quadratic term in the efficiency at maximum power for tight-coupling heat engines proved as a consequence of symmetry [ M. Esposito , K. Lindenberg , and C. Van den Broeck , Phys.Rev.Lett .
In addition , we show that $ Span ( 1 ) =\mathbb { R } _ { + } $ almost surely ; the Lebesgue measure of $ Span ( 2 ) $ is $ 0 $ almost surely and its Hausdorff dimension is $ 1 $ almost surely ; and the Hausdorff dimension of $ Span ( 3 ) $ is $ \frac { 1 } { 2 } $ almost surely .	We also list a number of conjectures and open problems .
They can be used in piezo bending actuators with a tunable curvature profile .	The strains are obtained as mean strains from a periodic polarization pattern produced by a suitable doubly interdigitated electrode structure .
In particular , we find that : ( 1 ) the extended state energy $ E_ { c } $ for each Landau level ( LL ) is { \it always } linear in magnetic field ; ( 2 ) for a given Landau level and disorder configuration there exists a critical magnetic field $ B_ { c } $ below which the extended state disappears ; ( 3 ) the lower LLs are more robust to the metal-insulator transition with smaller $ B_ { c } $ .	We attribute the above results to strong LL coupling effect .
We confirm that the line-of-sight velocities of the intracluster medium in the observed region are consistent with those of the member galaxies of entire A2319 and A2319A subgroup for the first time , though any velocity difference within the region is not detected .	On the other hand , we do not find any signs of gas motion relevant to A2319B subgroup .
As the first step in exploring observer-based coherent control , in this paper we study pole-placement techniques for quantum systems using coherent observers , and in such a fashion , poles of a closed-loop quantum system can be relocated at any desired locations .	In comparison to classical feedback control design incorporating the Luenberger observer , here direct coupling between a quantum plant and the observer-based controller are allowed to enable a greater degree of freedom for the design of controller parameters .
All of the clusters studied had pronounced peaks in their heat capacity curves , most of which corresponded to their solid-liquid phase-change regions .	The heat capacity peak height and location exhibited two general trends as functions of cluster size : for $ N = 25 $ to 36 , the peak temperature slowly increased , while the peak height slowly decreased , disappearing by $ N = 37 $ ; for $ N = 30 $ , a very small secondary peak at very low temperature emerged and quickly increased in size and temperature as $ N $ increased , becoming the dominant peak by $ N = 36 $ .
Flux compactifications of string theory exhibiting the possibility of discretely tuning the cosmological constant to small values have been constructed .	The highly tuned vacua in this discretuum have curvature radii which scale as large powers of the flux quantum numbers , exponential in the number of cycles in the compactification .
The major aim is to study non-linear inertia effects at larger Reynolds numbers ( & gt ; 10 ) on the shear stress evolution in the fluid .	This is of particular importance for blood flow as some biophysical processes in blood are sensitive to shear stresses , e.g. , the initialization of blood clotting .
In this paper we consider the hyperbolic-elliptic system of two conservation laws that describes the dynamics of an elastic material governed by a non-monotone strain-stress function .	Following Abeyaratne and Knowles , we propose a notion of admissible weak solution for this system in the class of functions with bounded variation .
We then use this to develop topological controls on the intersection number of two curves .	We also prove an adjunction formula which gives a topological condition that will guarantee a curve in a given homotopy class is embedded , extending previous work of Hutchings .
Using a Monte Carlo method for selecting paths through state space we show how these moments can be evaluated and demonstrate in an interesting model system the explicit influence of the role of transfer of information from the observations .	We address the question of how many observations are required to estimate the unobserved state variables , and we examine the assumptions of Gaussianity of the underlying conditional probability .
This dimension reduction step is based on principal component analysis of the input data and its relationship with various subspaces generated by sets of candidate reaction vectors .	Simulated examples are provided to illustrate the main ideas involved in implementing this method , and to asses its performance .
An encoder observes a point pattern -- -a finite number of points in the interval $ [ 0 , T ] $ -- -which is to be described to a reconstructor using bits .	Based on these bits , the reconstructor wishes to select a subset of $ [ 0 , T ] $ that contains all the points in the pattern .
The rotational nature of accretion flows onto black holes naturally generates the required magnetic twist in the emission region , independent of whether it is a jet or an ADAF .	The expected twist in both types of flows is of the order of what is required for optimal CP generation .
We investigate polaron formation in a many-electron system in the presence of a local repulsion sufficiently strong to prevent local-bipolaron formation .	Specifically , we consider a Hubbard-Holstein model of interacting electrons coupled to dispersionless phonons of frequency $ \omega_0 $ .
Environmental two-level systems ( TLS ) have been identified as significant decoherence sources in Josephson junction ( JJ ) based circuits .	For such quantum devices to be functional , the removal or control of the TLS is a necessity .
We present two schemes for tomography in 1-D quantum systems and touch on generalizations .	One scheme requires unitary operations on a constant number of subsystems , while the other requires only local measurements together with more elaborate post-processing .
The convection-related surface structures have different size , depth , and temporal variations with respect to the stellar type .	The related activity ( in addition to other phenomena such as magnetic spots , rotation , dust , etc . )
76 , 4255 ) we obtain a perturbative expansion for the time dependent particle density using volume fraction $ f $ of spheres as an expansion parameter .	The exact single particle $ t $ -operator for partially absorbing boundary condition is used to obtain a closed form time-dependent diffusion coefficient $ D ( t ) $ accurate to first order in the volume fraction $ f $ .
Measurements of the autocorrelation time show the expected reduction of critical slowing down at the phase transition as compared to local update algorithms .	This allows simulations on significantly larger lattices than in previous studies and consequently a better control over systematic errors in finite-size scaling analyses .
Interestingly a third magnetization peak can be easily observed on the MHLs in the high temperature region .	Further analysis find that the first magnetization peak is very sharp , which is associated with the strong vortex pinning .
For the toroids with finite winding number $ N_c=100 \sim 400 $ , we find $ \nu \simeq 0 $ for the Yukawa interaction with screening parameter $ \kappa=0.5 \sim 1.0 $ , and $ \nu=0.1 \sim 0.13 $ for the van der Waals type interactions .	These findings could provide possible explanation for the experimentally well known observation $ \nu \simeq 0 $ of the condensed DNA toroids .
In this paper we investigate the features of ghost-stochastic resonance in a unidirectionally coupled network and small-world network with each unit being bistable Bellows map .	In the one-way coupled network we apply a multi-frequency signal $ ( 1/n_ { \mathrm { f } } ) \sum_ { j=1 } ^ { n_ { \mathrm { f } } } \cos ( \omega_ { j } n ) $ , $ n=0,1,2 , \cdots $ , $ \omega_ { j } = ( k+j-1 ) \omega_ { 0 } $ , with $ k $ being an integer $ \ge2 $ ( without the fundamental frequency $ \omega_ { 0 } $ ) and noise to first unit only .
We obtain that both $ \tau_ { p\uparrow } ^ { -1 } $ and $ \tau_ { p\downarrow } ^ { -1 } $ are proportional to $ T^2 $ & gt ; .	The shear viscosities $ \eta_ { xy } $ , $ \eta_ { xz } $ and $ \eta_ { zz } $ are proportional to $ ( T/T_c ) ^ { -2 } $ .
Studies of the gas dynamics and morphology at high spatial resolution allow us to distinguish between gas-rich mergers in different stages along the `` merger sequence '' and disk galaxies .	Observations of the most massive gas-rich starburst galaxies out to z & gt ; 5 provide insight into the role of cosmic environment for the early growth of present-day massive spheroidal galaxies .
The mixing boundary-value problem for infinite one-dimensional chain of harmonic oscillators on the half-line is considered .	The large time asymptotic behavior of solutions is obtained .
It is shown that $ T $ exhibits a { \it spin-transistor } action , as a function of $ \alpha $ or of the length of one of the two subunits of the unit cell , provided only one mode is allowed to propagate in the waveguide .	A similar but not periodic behavior occurs as a function of the incident electron energy .
Agarwal et al .	gave an closed-form expression for write amplification in NAND flash memory by finding the probability of a page being valid over the whole flash memory .
A large population of bright asymptotic giant branch ( AGB ) stars are seen throughout the western portion of the disk , and it is concluded that ( 1 ) stars that formed within the past Gyr comprise ~ 20 % of the total stellar disk mass , and ( 2 ) the SFR during intermediate epochs in the disk of NGC 5102 was at least 1.4 solar masses per year .	It is suggested that NGC 5102 was a spiral galaxy that experienced a galaxy-wide episode of enhanced star formation that terminated a few hundred Myr in the past , and that much of its interstellar medium was ejected in an outflow .
The microscopic spectral density , the distribution of the smallest eigenvalue , and the two-point spectral correlation function are analyzed .	We find the expected agreement of the lattice data with universal predictions of the chiral unitary ensemble of random matrix theory up to a certain energy scale , the Thouless energy .
A general formulation of the Fokker-Planck-Kolmogorov ( FPK ) equation for stochastic hybrid systems is presented , within the framework of Generalized Stochastic Hybrid Systems ( GSHS ) .	The FPK equation describes the time evolution of the probability law of the hybrid state .
It is a supervised method based on matching observed data ( e.g.a spectrum ) to a grid of pre-labelled templates .	However , unlike standard machine learning methods such as ANNs , SVMs or k-nn , this algorithm explicitly uses domain information to better weight each data dimension in the estimation .
We then explore three interesting consequences of this fact .	Firstly , since the pure states are uncorrelated from the environment , the statement forms a no-go result against the most straightforward device-independent protocol for randomness or secure key generation against general no-signaling adversaries .
The low energy case has attracted particular attention .	In the following the dependence of the cross section on the matching point is investigated .
On a strip geometry , the competition between the `` trap size '' $ \ell $ and the strip width , $ L $ , is analysed in the context of a generalized finite-size scaling { \em ansatz } .	In the low-field regime $ \ell \gg L $ , we use conformal-invariance concepts in conjunction with a linear-response approach to derive the appropriate ( $ p $ -dependent ) limit of the theory , which agrees very well with numerical results for magnetization profiles .
This formulation includes the dissipative effects of the conductivity in the medium .	As a prelude to cosmology we study magnetogenesis in Minkowski space-time in a theory of N charged scalar fields to lowest order in the gauge coupling and to leading order in the large N within two scenarios of cosmological relevance .
Both the system on a circle and the harmonically trapped system are considered .	The $ \lambda_i $ and $ \phi_i $ are the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions respectively of the one body density matrix .
We revisit the constraints that the non-observation of ultra-high-energy photons due to the GZK cutoff can impose on models of Lorentz violation in photon propagation , following recent work by Maccione , Liberati and Sigl [ arXiv:1003.5468 ] that carries further an earlier analysis by the present authors ( Phys.Rev .	D 63,12402 ( 2001 ) , [ hep-th/0012216 ] ) .
At T = 0.38K , the resistance reveals magnetic hysteresis , providing an evidence of time reversal symmetry breaking .	We discuss the unusual magnetoresistance as possibly arising from linearly dispersing electronic excitations , such as in a Weyl or Dirac semimetal .
In the course of this attempt , we present several theorems and in particular derive the Kac-Wakimoto formula which links Jones inclusion indices with the asymptotics of expectation values in physical temperature states .	This formula is a special case of a new asymptotic Gibbs-state representation of mapping class group matrices ( in a Haag-Kastler net indexed by intervals on the circle ! )
Particular attention is given to theories which suggest cellular automata as the basis of a deterministic model for the physical reality .	In part II ( the main part , pp.11-97 , Ref .
Another important ingredient is the runaway stars .	They greatly facilitate the feedback .
The data set is splitted in an energy range below 1 MeV having a statistics of 134.5 g $ \cdot $ d and one above 1 MeV resulting in 532 g $ \cdot $ d .	No signals were observed in all channels under investigation .
High resolution X-ray spectra of accreting stellar mass Black Holes reveal the presence of accretion disc winds , traced by high ionisation Fe K lines .	These winds appear to have an equatorial geometry and to be observed only during disc dominated states in which the radio jet is absent .
This method is useful to study flat and inclined interfaces for Ising lattices , allowing also the estimation of line tensions of three-phase contact lines , when the interfaces meet walls ( where `` surface fields '' may act ) .	A generalization to off-lattice systems is described as well .
The master equation describing the non-equilibrium dynamics of a quantum dot coupled to metallic leads is considered .	Employing a superoperator approach , we derive an exact time-convolutionless master equation for the probabilities of dot states , i.e. , a time-convolutionless Pauli master equation .
When the solar system 370 kms-1 motion relative to the cosmic microwave background is taken into consideration , the higher value of receptor velocity and the longer distance sets the stage for a confrontation between Lorentzian and Galileo-Newton dynamical transformations .	Two-way ranging time carries along with it information about light 's dynamical transformation , thus a comparison of distance measured by ranging with that by parallax , a geometrical method can reveal the correctness of assumptions underlying the dynamical behaviour of light .
However , there is no net magnetic moment in the cycloidal ( antiferromagnetic-like ) magnetic state of bulk BiFeO3 , which severely limits its realistic applications in electric field controlled spintronic devices .	Here , we predict that double perovskite Zn2FeOsO6 is a new multiferroic with properties superior to BiFeO3 .
The topology of such continua can be very intricate ( for instance , non-locally connected ) .	We adapt a result proved by Handel in the case where $ K=A $ , showing that if $ K $ is an invariant annular continuum of a homeomorphism of $ A $ isotopic to the identity , then the rotation set in $ K $ is closed .
Fuzzy spheres emerge from quantizing S^2 and are associated with the group SU ( 2 ) in this manner .	They are useful for regularizing quantum field theories and modeling spacetimes by non-commutative manifolds .
We compare our results with previous work on these elements , and briefly discuss them in terms of nucleosynthesis processes .	Predictions of halo chemical evolution fairly reproduce the trends , especially the [ Cu/Fe ] plateau at very low metallicities , but to a lower extent the greater [ Zn/Fe ] ratios at low metallicities , indicating eventually missing yields .
To describe a quark phase the advanced version of the MIT bag model is used , in which the interactions between quarks are taken into account in the one-gluon exchange approximation .	For different values of the bag constant B , some series of the equations of the state of matter with deconfinement phase transition are constructed .
With a hot spot placed on the massive primary component near the neck region of the common envelope , the light curves were satisfactorily modeled .	The photometric solution combined with the radial velocity solution reveals that XZ Leo is an A-type contact binary with a degree of contact of 24 ( $ \pm1 ) \ % $ .
The data were analysed using two conceptually different approaches , fixed-t dispersion relations and a unitary isobar model , allowing us to draw conclusions on the model sensitivity of the obtained electrocoupling amplitudes .	The amplitudes for the Delta ( 1232 ) P33 } show the importance of a meson-cloud contribution to quantitatively explain the magnetic dipole strength , as well as the electric and scalar quadrupole transitions .
The dynamics crucially depends on direction of the sweep .	We apply our recent analysis [ A.P .
Moreover , we study the case with three sources in detail .	We present the necessary conditions of a perfect SW code and show that there exists infinite number of HCMSs .
Many researchers have been study the intrinsic structure of AE and showed different useful methods to regularize those parameters .	In this paper , we present a novel regularization method based on a clustering algorithm which is able to classify the parameters into different groups .
Schmandt and Gal\ ' { a } n recently introduced a novel stochastic shielding approximation as a fast , accurate method for generating approximate sample paths from a finite state Markov process in which only a subset of states are observable .	For example , in ion channel models , such as the Hodgkin-Huxley or other conductance based neural models , a nerve cell has a population of ion channels whose states comprise the nodes of a graph , only some of which allow a transmembrane current to pass .
The variance models we describe use a semi-parametric nearest neighbours approach in which the optimal averaging length-scale is estimated using a jack-knife out-of-sample fitting procedure .	We test three different models .
Using general Thom polynomial theory we prove the component formula and its stable version of [ Knutson-Miller-Shimozono ] as well as the positivity of the quiver coefficients of [ Buch-Fulton ] .	We also show how the component formula follows from Grobner degeneration easily .
This gives a direct proof that the dynamical exponent in the extreme current regime is $ z=1 $ rather than the KPZ exponent $ z=3/2 $ which characterizes the ASEP in the regime of typical currents .	Some of our results extend to the activity in the partially asymmetric simple exclusion process , including the symmetric case .
The RF system in RCS is mainly composed of a ferrite loaded RF cavity , a high power tetrode amplifier , a bias supply of 3300A and a digital low level RF ( LLRF ) system based on FPGA .	The major challenge of the LLRF system is to solve problems caused by rapid frequency sweeping and heavy beam loading effect .
Two distinct scenarios for the $ \eta $ freeze-out are discussed and the corresponding chemical potentials are calculated .	We predict an enhancement of the thermal $ \eta $ -production as a possible signal of the partial $ U ( 1 ) _A $ restoration in high-energy heavy-ion collisions .
We describe a simple class of supersymmetric gauge theories that can act as supersymmetry-breaking sectors for gauge-mediated supersymmetry breaking .	The models have a local supersymmetry-breaking minimum along a direction in field space where a singlet gets a large expectation value .
A number of letters addressed to Robert de Montessus by different mathematicians will be quoted to help determining the scientific context and the steps that led to the result .	In particular , excerpts of the correspondence with Henri Pad\'e in the years 1901-1902 played a leading role .
These include an abrupt change of the effective number of degrees of freedom , a change of the slope of the ratio of lambda hyperons to protons at laboratory energies 8.6 -- 11.6 AGeV , as well as highly correlated plateaus in the collision-energy dependence of the entropy per baryon , total pion number per baryon , and thermal pion number per baryon at laboratory energies 6.9-11.6 AGeV .	Also , we observe a sharp peak in the dimensionless trace anomaly at a laboratory energy of 11.6 AGeV .
We calculate the one-loop flavor violating top quark decay t - & gt ; cgg in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model .	We discuss the branching ratios obtained with minimal flavor violation , as well as with soft-supersymmetry induced general flavor violation .
The first paper focussed on the joint gravity-velocity dynamics and here we focus on the deformation tensor , which is directly related to the axes ' evolution .	We examine the evolution of the minor to major and intermediate to major axes ratios ( $ s $ and $ q $ ) and the triaxiality parameter $ T $ as function of mass scale and redshift .
This method was used by Deift et al .	to establish universality in the bulk of the spectrum .
The issues of identity , equivalence and correctness emerge in different ways and are important for CAA .	These issues are also interesting if a student is charged with the task of comparing the answers .
On the other hand , measurements of cosmic-ray secondary-to-primary ratios like the boron-to-carbon ratio seem to indicate a possible change in the slope at energies around $ 100 $ GeV/n .	In this paper , we discuss one possible explanation for the observed break in the electron spectrum and its possible correlation with the flattening in the secondary-to-primary ratios at higher energies .
For such values , the trispectrum , scaling like 1/c_s^4 , is of order 10^8 and is therefore comparable to , and greater than , the 1 sigma observational bound t_NL^eq= ( -3.11 +- 7.5 ) *10^6 .	Hence , the trispectrum is already constraining inflationary mechanisms candidates for generating an orthogonal bispectrum at the level hinted in WMAP data .
We study the feeding of massive galaxies at high redshift through streams from the cosmic web using the Mare Nostrum hydro-cosmological simulation .	Our statistical sample consists of 350 dark-matter haloes of ~10^12 Msun at z = 2.5 .
Modification of the local spectral densities of atoms of the host lattice by impurities and manifestation of the phonon Ioffe-Regel crossover ( scattering of fast propagating phonons on quasi-localized vibrations ) were analyzed .	It is shown that such scattering causes the manifestation of the features such as `` boson peak '' in the phonon spectrum of solid substitutional solutions .
This is combined with the redshift information to determine the change in dipole with distance .	The misalignment angle between the LG and the CMB dipole drops to 12 degrees at around 50 Mpc/h , but then increases at larger distances , reaching 21 degrees at around 130 Mpc/h .
In this paper , basic aspects of this interesting observation are discussed for SBBHs , and the detection numbers of their memory and inspiral GWs are estimated for ongoing and planned PTAs .	We find that the expected detection number would be smaller than unity for the two-types of signals even with the Square Kilometer Array .
Different sets of nongravitational parameters are determined from pre- and post-perihelion data for some of them .	The influence of the positional data structure on the possibility of the detection of nongravitational effects and the overall precision of orbit determination is widely discussed .
The variational principle of $ c^* $ reduces the computation to that of a principal eigenvalue problem on a periodic domain of a linear advection-diffusion operator with space-time periodic coefficients and small diffusion .	To solve the advection dominated time-dependent eigenvalue problem efficiently over large time , a combination of finite element and spectral methods , as well as the associated fast solvers , are utilized to accelerate computation .
Electron spin resonance measurements were carried out to determine NV centers orientation and concluded that one specific orientation has an occurrence probability of 73 % when ( 100 ) -grown layers show an equal distribution in the 4 possible directions .	A spin coherence time of around 270 { \mu } s was measured which is equivalent to that reported for material with similar isotopic purity .
We present a first-principle study of geometrical and electronic structure of hexagonal single-walled silicon nanotubes with a monovacancy or a substitutional defect .	The C , Al or P atoms are chosen as substitutional impurities .
An immediate effort is towards exploration of the relevant candidate of tellurium hydrides , where tellurium is isoelectronic to sulfur but it has a heavier atomic mass and much weaker electronegativity .	The hitherto unknown phase diagram of tellurium hydrides at high pressures was investigated by a first-principles swarm structure search .
We study the background cosmology , showing that the dilaton can play the role of dark energy .	We also analyse the constraints imposed by the absence of violation of the equivalence principle .
So we implement a Cloud Data Server with Session Controller Architecture using Redundancy and Disconnected Data Access Mechanism .	In this paper , we generate the hash code using MD5 algorithm .
The interaction between refraction from a distribution of inhomogeneous plasma and gravitational lensing introduces novel effects to the paths of light rays passing by a massive object .	The plasma contributes additional terms to the equations of motion , and the resulting ray trajectories are frequency-dependent .
In this paper we have discussed about the number of automobiles that has been increased on the road in the past few years .	Due to high density of vehicles , the potential threats and road accident is increasing .
Degradation of particle confinement is observed in the minimum shearing state and reduction in turbulent particle flux is observed with increasing shearing in both flow directions .	Near-complete suppression of turbulent particle flux is observed for shearing rates comparable to the turbulent autocorrelation rate measured in the minimum shear state .
However , due to the pay for use model , the total application cost largely depends on the usage of computation , storage and bandwidth resources , hence cutting the cost of cloud based data storage becomes a big concern for deploying scientific applications in the cloud .	In this paper , we propose a novel strategy that can cost effectively store large generated data sets with multiple cloud service providers .
We spectroscopically identified 7 massive evolved galaxies with magnitudes 17.8 & lt ; K & lt ; 18.4 at 1.3 & lt ; z & lt ; 1.7 over an area of ~160 arcmin^2 of the MUNICS survey .	Their rest-frame K-band absolute magnitudes are -26.8 & lt ; M $ _K & lt ; -26.1 ( 5L* & lt ; L_K & lt ; 10L* ) and the resulting stellar masses are in the range 3-6.5x10^ { 11 } M_sun .
Iron lines reveal abundance offsets between the optical and ultraviolet regions , and we discuss and apply a correction factor to account for this offset .	In stars with [ Fe/H ] & gt ; -1.0 , the [ P/Fe ] ratio decreases toward the solar value with increasing metallicity , in agreement with previous observational studies .
The introduction of magnetism in SnTe-class topological crystalline insulators is a challenging subject with great importance in the quantum device applications .	Based on the first-principles calculations , we have studied the defect energetics and magnetic properties of 3d transition-metal ( TM ) -doped SnTe .
This goal is herein achieved by a modification of the multicomponent Bhatnagar-Gross-Krook ( BGK ) evolution equations by introducing two different timescales for mass and momentum diffusion .	Diffusivity is thus controlled by an effective drag force acting between species .
The limiting magnitude is a key issue for optical interferometry .	Pairwise fringe trackers based on the integrated optics concepts used for example in GRAVITY seem limited to about K=10.5 with the 8m Unit Telescopes of the VLTI , and there is a general `` common sense '' statement that the efficiency of fringe tracking , and hence the sensitivity of optical interferometry , must decrease as the number of apertures increases , at least in the near infrared where we are still limited by detector readout noise .
The structural stability of MOF5 was evaluated by calculating the three cubic elastic constants .	We find that the shear modulus , c44 = 1.16 GPA , is unusually small , while two other moduli are relatively large ( i.e.c11 = 29.42 GPa and c12 = 12.56 GPa ) .
While on the NYSE the large widening of the bid-ask spread eliminates most of the profits that can be achieved by a contrarian strategy , on the NASDAQ the bid-ask spread stays almost constant yielding significant short-term abnormal profits .	Furthermore , volatility , volume , and in case of the NYSE the bid-ask spread , which increase sharply at the event , decay according to a power-law and stay significantly high over days afterwards .
By not actively promoting diversity in our field we risk losing talented people to other professions ( or losing them entirely ) , which means that there will be astronomical discoveries that simply wo n't get made .	There is demonstrated evidence that STEM fields benefit from diverse perspectives on problems that require more complex thought processes .
The usefulness of the formalism is illustrated on a series of analytical problems , namely the dustybox , dustyshock and dustywave problems as well as the radial drift of grains and the streaming instability in protoplanetary discs .	We find physical effects specific to the presence of several dust phases and multiple drag timescales , including non-monotonic evolution of the differential velocity between phases and increased efficiency of the linear growth of the streaming instability .
In a high contrast case , where interface evolution is mainly dominated by the disorder , an inherent anomalous scaling is always observed .	Moreover , in agreement with experimental work , the interface motion has to be described through a local model .
The evolution of these light curves may however be explained by a simple model consisting of two concentric components .	The outer component is responsible for the early part of the light curve and for the broad absorption features observed in the early spectra of hypernovae , similar to the one-dimensional models .
Masses of clusters of galaxies from weak gravitational lensing analyses of ever larger samples are increasingly used as the reference to which baryonic scaling relations are compared .	In this paper we revisit the analysis of a sample of 50 clusters studied as part of the Canadian Cluster Comparison Project .
It is shown from various examples , that the optical spectra of high Tc materials along the c-axis and in the ab-plane direction can be used to study the kinetic energy change due to the appearance of superconductivity .	The results show , that the pairing mechanism is highly unconventional , and mostly associated with a lowering of kinetic energy parallel to the planes when pairs are formed .
Non-vanishing TB ( and EB ) polarization components emerge , revealing interesting experimental targets .	Indeed if reasonable chirality is present a TB measurement would provide the easiest way to detect a gravitational wave background .
An objective definition of pragmatic information and the consideration of recent results about information processing in the human brain can help overcome some traditional difficulties with the interpretation of quantum mechanics .	Rather than attempting to define information ab initio , I introduce the concept of interaction between material bodies as a primary concept .
( 2005 ) , selected to build a data-set of spectral properties of well studied early-type galaxies showing emission lines .	Because of the presence of emission lines , the sample is biased toward objects that might be expected to have ongoing and recent star formation .
A ( 3+1 ) -evolutionary method in the framework of Regge Calculus , essentially a method of approximating manifolds with rigid simplices , makes an excellent tool to probe the evolution of manifolds with non-trivial topology or devoid of symmetry .	The `` Parallelisable Implicit Evolution Scheme '' is one such method .
Motivations for violations of the notion of relativistic locality include the Bell 's inequalities for hidden variable theories , the cosmological horizon problem , and Lorentz-violating approaches to quantum geometrodynamics , such as Horava-Lifshitz gravity .	Here , we explore a recent proposal for a `` real ensemble '' non-local description of quantum mechanics , in which `` particles '' can copy each others ' observable values AND phases , independent of their spatial separation .
In [ F. Jiang , S. Jiang , On instability and stability of three-dimensional gravity driven viscous flows in a bounded domain , Adv .	Math. , 264 ( 2014 ) 831 -- 863 ] , Jiang et.al .
Tracing out the neutrino degrees of freedom leads to a reduced density matrix for the charged leptons whose off-diagonal elements reveal \emph { charged lepton oscillations } .	Although these decohere on unobservably small time scales $ \lesssim 10^ { -23 } s $ they indicate charged lepton \emph { mixing } as a result of common intermediate states .
Let $ \A $ be a unital separable nuclear $ C^* $ -- algebra which belongs to the bootstrap category $ \N $ and $ \B $ be a separable stable $ C^* $ -- algebra .	In this paper , we consider the group $ \Ext_u ( \A , \B ) $ consisting of the unitary equivalence classes of unital extensions $ \tau\colon\A\rightarrow Q ( \B ) $ .
Low-frequency observatories are currently being constructed with the goal of detecting redshifted 21cm emission from the epoch of reionization .	These observatories will also be able to detect intensity fluctuations in the cumulative 21cm emission after reionization , from hydrogen in unresolved damped Ly-alpha absorbers ( such as gas rich galaxies ) down to a redshift z~3.5 .
If the X-ray luminosity of ( 1.8+/-0.4 ) E39 ergs/s is caused by interaction of the SN shock with circumstellar material ( CSM ) , deposited by a stellar wind from the progenitor 's companion star , a mass-loss rate of ~E-05 M_sun/yr is inferred .	The mass-loss rate is consistent with the non-detection in the radio with the VLA on days 2 , 9 , and 11 after the explosion and characteristic of a red supergiant progenitor with a mass around 12-15 M_sun prior to the explosion .
We present the results of CO emission line observations toward the semicircular Galactic supernova remnant ( SNR ) 3C434.1 ( G94.0+1.0 ) .	We mapped an area covering the whole SNR in the 12CO J=1-0 emission line using the Seoul Radio Astronomy Observatory ( SRAO ) 6-m telescope , and found a large molecular cloud superposed on the faint western part of the SNR .
When the cluster is placed on an orbit in the Milky Way with a stronger tidal field the cluster experiences a sharp decrease in size in response to increased tidal forces .	Conversely , when placed on an orbit with a weaker tidal field the cluster expands since tidal forces decrease and stars moving outwards due to internal effects remain bound at further distances than before .
The situation is aggravated when nodes are mobile .	Further , multi-rate system make the analysis of throughput more complicated .
Both SETI and METI use large reflectors .	The concept of `` magic frequencies '' may be applicable to both SETI and METI .
We study two-player ( zero-sum ) concurrent mean-payoff games played on a finite-state graph .	We focus on the important sub-class of ergodic games where all states are visited infinitely often with probability 1 .
We observed 8 galaxies with the Subaru Telescope and have combined this sample with 6 galaxies previously observed with the WHT .	To determine their ages we have used a new method based on the Hgamma_sigma age indicator , which is virtually independent of the effects of metallicity .
Here , we propose a new mechanism to enhance the spin Hall effect without heavy elements , \ie surface roughness in metallic thin films .	We examine Cu and Al thin films with surface roughness and find that they give the spin Hall effect comparable to that in bulk Au .
The first measurements and characterization of this experiment are also presented .	With the present configuration a modest $ 10^6 $ noise reduction factor has been achieved using the Time Delay Interferometry algorithm .
These applications should be considered as a first step in constructing gauge-invariant truncations of the Schwinger-Dyson equations in the non-commutative case .	An interesting result of our formalism appears when considering the theory in two dimensions : we observe a finite gauge-invariant contribution to the photon mass because of a novel incarnation of IR/UV mixing , which survives the commutative limit when matter is present .
We demonstrate this technique using a silicon nanowire mechanical oscillator as a magnetic resonance sensor to image 1H spins in a polystyrene sample .	We obtain a two-dimensional projection of the sample proton density with approximately 10-nm resolution .
The spectrum of the emitted light is obtained and depends upon two free parameters , the amplitude of the instabilities and the cut-off $ % R_ { \max } $ , the shocks ' spatial extension .	The spectral intensity is determined by the former , but its shape turns out to have only a mild dependence on the latter , in the region of physical interest .
We derive the number density evolution of massive field galaxies in the redshift range 0.4 & lt ; z & lt ; 1.2 using the K-band selected field galaxy sample from the Munich Near-IR Cluster Survey ( MUNICS ) .	We rely on spectroscopically calibrated photometric redshifts to determine distances and absolute magnitudes in the rest-frame K-band .
Given a point ( the `` spider '' ) on a rectangular box , we would like to find the minimal distance along the surface to its opposite point ( the `` fly '' - the reflection of the spider across the center of the box ) .	Without loss of generality , we can assume that the box has dimensions $ 1\times a\times b $ with the spider on one of the $ 1\times a $ faces ( with $ a\leq 1 $ ) .
In particular , our framework identifies : the conditions of pure photon subtraction , the quantum states of the field modes conditioned to the photon subtraction , the mode with the highest fidelity with a single-photon state when the subtraction is performed on multimode squeezed light .	We use our theory to analyze the photon subtraction from a highly multimode quantum resource - a train of quantum squeezed or correlated optical pulses .
The ISI subject categories classify journals included in the Science Citation Index ( SCI ) .	The aggregated journal-journal citation matrix contained in the Journal Citation Reports can be aggregated on the basis of these categories .
We find that magnetic fields with a component parallel to the spin-orbit field can give rise to currents in equilibrium .	Surprisingly , also fields perpendicular to the spin-orbit field may induce currents and can be employed in adiabatic charge pumping .
We claim that these VEVs correspond to critical values of the B-field moduli in the dual supergravity backgrounds .	We study in detail the C^3/Z_3 orbifold , the cone over F_0 and the C^3/Z_5 orbifold .
Our results , obtained in a quasi-one-dimensional limit in which the system is regarded as a set of weakly coupled Heisenberg chains , are in excellent agreement with experiment .	The analysis reveals some surprising physics .
Evolutionary game theory provides a competent theoretical framework for addressing the subtleties of cooperation in such situations , which are known as social dilemmas .	Recent advances point towards the fact that the evolution of strategies alone may be insufficient to fully exploit the benefits offered by cooperative behavior .
Large velocity gradient ( LVG ) modeling of the CO line spectral energy distribution ( CO SED ; flux density vs. rotational quantum number ) yields H2 densities in the range 10^ { 3.5 } -- 10^ { 4.0 } cm-3 , and kinetic temperatures between 50 K and 200 K. The H2 mass of ( 3.6 - 5.4 ) x 10^ { 10 } M_sun implied by the line intensities compares well with our estimate of the dynamical mass within the inner 1.5 kpc of the object .	Fitting a two-component gray body spectrum , we find a dust mass of 1.2 x 10^ { 9 } M_sun , and cold and hot dust temperatures of 42+/-5 K and 160+/-25 K , respectively .
The Koltun sum rule for the total binding energy acquires a correction due to the added three-body interaction .	This formalism is then applied to study chiral two-nucleon ( 2N ) and three-nucleon forces ( 3NF ) evolved to low momentum cutoffs .
Therefore , if longitudinal flow is not fully developed at the early stages of heavy ion collisions , hydrodynamics where boost-invariance holds at mid-rapidity is inadequate to extract transport coefficients of the quark-gluon plasma .	We conclude by arguing that developing experimental probes of boost invariance is necessary , and suggest some promising directions in this regard .
We give a necessary and sufficient condition for a cubic graph to be Hamiltonian by analyzing Eulerian tours in certain spanning subgraphs of the quartic graph associated with the cubic graph by 1-factor contraction .	This correspondence is most useful in the case when it induces a blue and red 2-factorization of the associated quartic graph .
The operational flexibility of the power system depends both on the technical parameters of its components , i.e. , generators and transmission infrastructure , as well as on the operational practices that make optimal use of the available assets .	This work focuses on alternative market designs that enable sharing of cross-border balancing resources between adjacent power systems through High Voltage Direct Current ( HVDC ) interconnections which provide increased controllability .
Gluonic pole cross sections are gauge-invariant weighted sums of Feynman diagrams .	The weight factors are a direct consequence of the ( diagram-dependence of ) gauge links .
We study the problem of detecting the presence of an underlying high-dimensional geometric structure in a random graph .	Under the null hypothesis , the observed graph is a realization of an Erd\H { o } s-R\'enyi random graph $ G ( n , p ) $ .
In a previous paper ( C. Cafaro et al. , 2012 ) , we compared an uncorrelated 3D Gaussian statistical model to an uncorrelated 2D Gaussian statistical model obtained from the former model by introducing a constraint that resembles the quantum mechanical canonical minimum uncertainty relation .	Analysis was completed by way of the information geometry and the entropic dynamics of each system .
We explore the role of soft gluon exchange in heavy quarkonium production at large transverse momentum .	We find uncanceled infrared poles at NNLO that are not matched by conventional NRQCD matrix elements .
Modern Internet-scale storage systems often provide weak consistency in exchange for better performance and resilience .	An important weak consistency property is k-atomicity , which bounds the staleness of values returned by read operations .
Post-starburst , or E+A galaxies , are the best candidates for galaxies in transition from being gas-rich and star-forming to gas-poor and passively-evolving via galaxy-galaxy mergers .	To determine what E+A galaxies become after their young stellar populations fade away , we present the detailed morphologies of 21 E+As using HST images .
We demonstrate that the luminosity of diffuse X-ray emission in both disk and halo is directly proportional to the rate of mechanical energy feedback from massive stars .	Nevertheless , with only three non-starburst normal spiral galaxies it is hard to exclude an accretion-based origin for extra-planar diffuse X-ray emission around normal star-forming galaxies .
First we shortly summarize our present understanding of anomalous normal-state properties of cuprates , and present the electronic phase diagram , phenomenological scenarios and models proposed in this connection .	The numerical method is then described in more detail .
Advantages to existing similar packages are described .	MatrixExp package is intended for simplification of complex expressions involving $ \gamma $ -matrixes , providing such tools as automatic Feynman parameterization , integration in $ d $ -dimensional space , sorting and grouping of results in a given order .
We also examine emission line to continuum correlations which would assist in separating the IR emission arising from the NLR from that coming from the inner torus .	We find for AGN like NGC 1068 and NGC 4151 that the NLR only contributes ~10 % to the total IRAS 25 mum flux , and that other components such as a dusty torus are necessary to explain the total AGN IR emission .
Fermion production in an external Coulomb field on de Sitter expanding universe is studied .	The amplitude and probability of pair production in an external Coulomb field are computed and the cases of large/small values of the expansion factor comparatively with the particle mass are studied .
Anisotropies in the Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) contain a wealth of information about the past history of the universe and the present values of cosmological parameters .	I ouline some of the theoretical advances of the last few years .
We first find suitable discrete encoding spaces for both cases , and prove that they are convex sets that have a semi-definite programming ( SDP ) representation .	Using tools from convex geometry , we find lower and upper bounds on the volume of these encoding sets , which we exploit to drive pretty sharp lower and upper bounds on the capacity .
Here I investigate conditional response probabilities in Murdock 's 40-1 ( 1962 ) free recall dataset .	I find that the conditional response probabilities confirm the presence of two stages .
We study two-cluster solutions of an ensemble of generic limit-cycle oscillators in the vicinity of a Hopf bifurcation , i.e.Stuart-Landau oscillators , with a nonlinear global coupling .	This coupling leads to conserved mean-field oscillations acting back on the individual oscillators as a forcing .
It is still unclear which MIMO technique is most desirable as a function of different network parameters .	This paper , therefore , compares the coverage and rate performance of hybrid beamforming enabled multi-user ( MU ) MIMO and single-user spatial multiplexing ( SM ) with single-user analog beamforming ( SU-BF ) .
It is emphasized that the presence of the inhomogeneous term in the evolution equations for quark distribution functions of the photon implies important difference in the way factorization mechanism works in photon-hadron and photon-photon collisions as compared to the hadronic ones .	Moreover , a careful definitions of the very concepts of the `` leading order '' and `` next-to-leading order '' QCD analysis of F_2^ { \gamma } are needed in order to separate genuine QCD effects from those of pure QED origin .
We present the explicit formula for two-loop planar integrands .	We discuss carefully how to subtract various forward singularities in the construction .
The increasingly popular light sheet microscopy techniques generate very large 3D time-lapse recordings of living biological specimen .	The necessity to make large volumetric datasets available for interactive visualization and analysis has been widely recognized .
We analyze Parseval frames generated by the action of an ICC group on a Hilbert space .	We parametrize the set of all such Parseval frames by operators in the commutant of the corresponding representation .
We begin with a modified Gross-Pitaevskii equation , and show that the resulting background equations of motion are stable , as long as the rotational component is treated as a small perturbation .	The dynamics of the fluctuations of the velocity potential are effectively governed by the Klein-Gordon equation of a `` Eulerian metric , '' where we derive the latter by the use of a relativistic Lagrangian extrapolation .
The primordial abundances of deuterium , helium , and lithium probe the baryon density of the universe only a few minutes after the Big Bang .	Of these relics from the early universe , deuterium is the baryometer of choice .
The device was then integrated into fiber laser systems ( at two technologically important wavelengths of 1 and 1.5 um ) for polarization control .	We obtained a linearly-polarized light output with the maximum extinction ratio of ~12 dB .
We point out that in extended supersymmetric models such as supersymmetric left-right models , it is possible to have leptoquarks that explain the HERA high $ Q^2 $ anomaly without giving up R-parity conservation .	The leptoquarks belong to vectorlike $ ( 2 , 2 , \pm { 4/3 } , 3 or 3^* ) $ representations of $ SU ( 2 ) _L\times SU ( 2 ) _R\times U ( 1 ) _ { B-L } \times SU ( 3 ) _c $ ( denoted $ G_ { 2213 } $ ) .
The transition from the isotropic to the quasi-nematic phase can be continuous of the Kosterlitz-Thouless type , or it can be first-order .	We report here on a liquid crystal model where the nature of the isotropic to quasi-nematic transition can be tuned via a single parameter $ p $ in the pair potential .
Consequently , the effective low energy theory has two special features : a U ( 1 ) symmetry that is explicitly broken by a small parameter , leading to selection rules , and an exact residual Z_2 symmetry , that is lepton parity .	As concerns neutrino parameters , the Z_2 symmetry forbids contributions from R_p-violating couplings and the U ( 1 ) symmetry induces the required hierarchy .
Based on the predicted time-delays and on the observational circumstances , we rate each lens as `excellent ' or `good ' or `unpromising ' for time-delay monitoring .	Finally , we analyze simulated time delays for the 11 lens rated excellent or good , and show that H_0 can be recovered to a precision of 5 % .
Developing high fidelity quantitative models of solid state reaction systems can be challenging , especially in deposition systems where , in addition to the multiple competing processes occurring simultaneously , the solid interacts with its atmosphere .	In this work , we develop a model for the growth of a thin solid film where species from the atmosphere adsorb , diffuse , and react with the film .
Then , we investigate the injective cogenerators determined by the minimal injective resolution of $ R $ .	We show that $ R $ is Gorenstein with finite self-injective dimension at most $ n $ if and only if $ \id R\leq n $ and $ \fd \bigoplus_ { i=0 } ^n I_i ( R ) & lt ; \infty $ .
2 ) Spiral flow of a dense low temperature plasma surrounding a dense pinch discharge .	3 ) A thin metallic projectile shot at a high velocity through the center of the pinch discharge .
We show that , in the complete graph version of the model , upon further increase in the coupling , the average frequency of collective oscillations decreases until an infinite-period ( IP ) phase transition occurs , at which point collective oscillations cease .	Above this second critical point , a macroscopic fraction of the oscillators spend most of the time in one of the three states , yielding a prototypical nonequilibrium example ( without an equilibrium counterpart ) in which discrete rotational ( C_3 ) symmetry is spontaneously broken , in the absence of any absorbing state .
Here we study two most common disorders namely , hyperfine interaction and exchange coupling fluctuations , in quantum dot arrays and their effects on quantum communication through these chains .	Our results show that the hyperfine interaction is more destructive than the exchange coupling fluctuations .
This paper demonstrates an efficient parallel programming model for the Epiphany architecture based on the Message Passing Interface ( MPI ) standard .	Using MPI exploits the similarities between the Epiphany architecture and a conventional parallel distributed cluster of serial cores .
A merger of two WDs leads to a rapidly spinning WD with a rotational energy comparable to the NS case .	The birth rate is also similar , providing the right energy budget for the cosmic ray electrons/positrons .
We find that the arrival directions of the cosmic neutrinos are correlated with $ \ge 100 $ EeV UHECR arrival directions at confidence level $ \approx 93\ % $ .	The strength of the correlation decreases with decreasing UHECR energy and no correlation exists at energy $ \sim 60 $ EeV .
We present a weak-relativistic limit comparison between the Kohn-Sham-Dirac equation and its approximate form containing the exchange coupling , which is used in almost all relativistic codes of density-functional theory .	For these two descriptions , an exact expression of the Dirac Green 's function in terms of the non-relativistic Green 's function is first derived and then used to calculate the effective Hamiltonian , i.e. , Pauli Hamiltonian , and effective velocity operator in the weak-relativistic limit .
We present multi-frequency simultaneous VLBA observations at 15 , 22 and 43 GHz towards the nucleus of the nearby radio galaxy NGC 1052 .	These three continuum images reveal a double-sided jet structure , whose relative intensity ratios imply that the jet axis is oriented close to the sky plane .
To reveal all modes , we calculate the phonon band structures .	On this basis , using cubic symmetry , we can unambiguously retrieve all different non-zero elements of the rank-4 effective metamaterial elasticity tensor , from which all effective elastic metamaterial properties follow .
The idea is to break the SO ( 10 ) down to the Pati-Salam symmetry by the orbifold boundary conditions .	The entire four-dimensional SO ( 10 ) model is placed on the physical SO ( 10 ) brane except for the gauge fields , the 45 and a single 10 of Higgs fields , which are placed in the five-dimensional bulk .
Therefore , we try several strategies to acquire the merged embeddings which may not only retain the performance of { \it entity inference } , { \it relation prediction } , and even { \it triplet classification } evaluated by the single-thread { \bf TransE } on several well-known knowledge bases such as Freebase and NELL , but also scale up the learning speed along with the number of cores within a processor .	So far , the empirical studies show that we could achieve comparable results as the single-thread { \bf TransE } performs by the { \it stochastic gradient descend } ( SGD ) algorithm , as well as increase the training speed multiple times via adapting the { \it batch gradient descend } ( BGD ) algorithm for { \it MapReduce } paradigm .
Comparisons with { \it Chandra } broadband X-ray images show an association of infrared ( IR ) emission with the blast wave .	We attribute the observed IR emission to dust that has been collisionally heated by electrons and ions in the hot , X-ray emitting plasma , with grain size distributions appropriate for the LMC and the destruction of small grains via sputtering by ions .
For a large class of three-dimensional subspaces , the dynamics coincides with the geometric flow on the three-dimensional homogeneous slice , driven by the Ricci tensor plus an so ( 3 ) gauge connection .	The metric on the three-dimensional space is related to the vielbein of the three-dimensional subspace , while the gauge field is inherited from the anti-self-dual component of the four-dimensional Levi -- Civita connection .
These algorithms find high-quality solutions quickly , and continually improve the incumbent solution or prove its optimality before resources are exhausted .	Empirical results show that the anytime window A* algorithm usually finds higher-quality , often optimal , networks more quickly than other approaches .
Dissipation is accounted for by applying the theory of extended causal thermodynamics ( Israel-Stewart theory ) .	This description eliminates the causality violating infinite signal speeds present in the conventional Navier-Stokes equation .
Recent experimental and theoretical progress regarding B -- & gt ; K ( * ) l+ l- decays led to improved bounds on the Wilson coefficients C_9 and C_10 of four-fermion operators of the |Delta B|=|Delta S|=1 effective Hamiltonian .	We analyze the resulting implications on squark flavor violation in the MSSM and obtain new constraints on flavor-changing left-right mixing in the up-squark-sector .
The transformation leaves invariant the ground-state `` fixed-point '' wave function of the string-net condensed phase .	Our construction also produces an exact representation of the wave function in terms of the multi-scale entanglement renormalization ansatz ( MERA ) .
The presence of another stable neutral state allows to account for the observed cold dark matter density .	In the considered SUSY models next-to-lightest SUSY particle ( NLSP ) also tend to be light .
We compare results obtained from these methods with angle resolved photoemission spectroscopy ( ARPES ) and scanning tunnelling microscopy ( STM ) .	We conclude by summarising recent successes of this approach and discuss open problems that need to be solved for a consistent and complete description of high temperature superconductivity using Gutzwiller projected wave functions .
This paper proposes a sequential approach to adding new clusters of nodes and their interactions ( i.e . `` regions '' ) to the approximation .	We first review and analyze the recently introduced region graphs and find that three kinds of operations ( `` split '' , `` merge '' and `` death '' ) leave the free energy and ( under some conditions ) the fixed points of GBP invariant .
A controllable magnetic field is crucial to identify RENP process by measuring PV observables .	Results of PV asymmetries under the magnetic field reversal and the photon circular polarization reversal are presented for an example of Yb atom .
In this work , we aim to provide a method for exploring GW radiation from isolated neutron stars ( NSs ) with deformation state using some observational results , which can be confirmed by the next LIGO project .	Combination with the properties in observation results ( e.g. , PSR J1748-2446 , PSR 1828-11 and Cygnus X-1 ) , based on a binary population synthesis ( BPS ) approach we give a numerical GW radiation under the assumption that NS should have non-axisymmetric and give the results of energy spectrum .
We use spectral energy distribution ( SED ) fits to identify YSOs and distinguish them from main-sequence or red giant stars , asymptotic giant branch stars , and background galaxies .	Based on extinction of each YSO , we separate a total of 437 YSOs associated with the W51 region from the possible foreground sources .
With this method , the qubit state can be rotated on an arbitrary axis in the x-y plane of the Bloch sphere in a rotating frame .	We obtained a qubit signal from a coherent oscillation with an angular velocity of up to 2pi*11.4 Grad/s .
We study the implication of this convergence for the local order parameter , i.e. , the local overlap distribution function and a family of susceptibilities to it associated , and we show that locally the system behaves like its mean field analogue .	Similar results are obtained for models with $ p $ -spin interactions .
For an electron in a quantum dot , a fundamental dephasing process is the hyperfine interaction with the nuclear spin bath .	Here we directly probe the consequence of the fluctuating nuclear spins on the elastic and inelastic scattered photon spectra from a resident electron in a single dot .
One burst ( GRB 090510 ) shows two precursor events , the former ~13 s and the latter ~0.5 s before the GRB .	We did not find any substantial difference between the precursor and the main GRB emission , and between short GRBs with and without precursors .
The proposed network cartography framework allows efficient tracking and prediction of delays by relying on both topological as well as historical data .	Optimal paths for delay measurement are selected in an online fashion by leveraging the notion of submodularity .
This amounts to saying that , whenever there is strong coupling there will be oscillating frequencies in the dynamics of the populations .	These conditions are valid both for the case where matter is treated as bosonic or fermionic , in the spontaneous emission case .
Proximity effect in a mechanically exfoliated Bi1.95Sb0.05Se3 topological insulator ( TI ) single crystal partially covered with disordered superconducting ( SC ) Mo thin film is reported .	Magnetotransport measurement was performed simultaneously across three different regions of the sample viz .
We also report how the process of quantum tomography is experimentally implemented to characterize these states .	This tomographic reconstruction is based on the free evolution of spatial qubits , coincidence detection and a filtering process .
In this paper we compute spaces of chiral operators in general two-dimensional ( 0,2 ) nonlinear sigma models , both in theories twistable to the A/2 or B/2 model , as well as in non-twistable theories , and apply them to check recent duality conjectures .	The fact that in a nonlinear sigma model , the Fock vacuum can act as a section of a line bundle on the target space plays a crucial role in our ( 0,2 ) computations , so we begin with a review of this property .
In the case of weak surface tension , we find intervals of stable and unstable wave numbers , whose boundaries are associated with the extremum of the group velocity , the resonance between the first and second harmonics , the resonance between long and short waves , and a resonance between dispersion and the nonlinearity .	For each constant vorticity we show that a periodic traveling wave of sufficiently small amplitude is unstable if the wave number is greater than a critical value , and stable otherwise .
We analyze finite-temperature effects on the damping of the collective modes by using an effective spin-1 model and the field theoretical methods based on the finite-temperature Green 's function .	We calculate the damping rates up to 1-loop order and evaluate them analytically and numerically .
This generalization enables us to utilize various kinds of solutions of the CYBE to classify integrable deformations .	In particular , it is straightforward to realize partial deformations of the target space without loss of the integrability of the parent theory .
A fast direct inversion scheme for the large sparse systems of linear equations resulting from the discretization of elliptic partial differential equations in two dimensions is given .	The scheme is described for the particular case of a discretization on a uniform square grid , but can be generalized to more general geometries .
We investigate some of the dynamics relevant to liquid crystal devices ; in particular defect-mediated motion of domain walls relevant to the nucleation of states useful in pi-cells .	An anisotropy in the domain wall velocity is seen because defects of different topology couple differently to the flow field .
In the standard homogeneous isotropic cosmological model in which primordial density perturbations are generated during a long vacuum energy dominated de Sitter phase , the embedding of flat spatial sections in de Sitter space induces a conformal invariant perturbation spectrum and definite prediction for the shape of the non-Gaussian CMB bispectrum .	In the case in which the density fluctuations are generated instead on the de Sitter horizon , conformal invariance of the horizon embedding implies a different but also quite definite prediction for the angular correlations of CMB non-Gaussianity on the sky .
The function $ a_\ep $ is oscillating between 1/2 and 1 with a scale which may tend to 0 as $ \kappa $ tends to infinity .	Our aim is to understand that in the large $ \kappa $ limit , stable configurations should correspond to vortices pinned at the minimum of $ a_\ep $ and to derive the limiting homogenized free-boundary problem which arises for the magnetic field in replacement of the London equation .
The fluid-dynamic model depicted is completely evolutive , thus it is able to describe the dynamic situation of a network at every instant of time .	This overcomes the difficulties encountered by many static models .
In such confined channels , imbibition dynamics are governed by a balance between capillarity and viscosity .	Yet , the scaling law for our system differs from that of classical imbibition in porous media such as aqueous foam .
Rotation proves to be highly effective in the transfer of chemicals through the solar tachocline ( beneath the convection zone ) which is assumed to contain only turbulence with horizontal motions .	The effect is so strong that the tachocline turbulence must not exceed a limit of ~10^- ( 3 ... 4 ) of the rms velocity in the convection zone in order to let the lithium survive after Gigayears .
This startling dissonance in attitudes toward inflation seems to have grown out of the lack of a clear framework with which to evaluate the inflationary paradigm .	In this rhetorical pamphlet we reexamine the inflationary paradigm , attempt to articulate explicitly how the paradigm and its descendant models are falsifiable , and make a sober assessment of the successes and failures of inflation .
Here , we note that much of the functionalities of yeast complexes have been conserved in human complexes not only through sequence conservation of proteins but also of critical functional domains .	Therefore , integrating information of domain conservation might throw further light on conservation patterns between yeast and human complexes .
If a fraction of drifting pebbles is trapped at the inner edge of the disk a several Earth-mass core can quickly grow .	Subsequently , the core may migrate outward beyond the snow line via planet-disk interactions .
The polarization relaxation time for the 160K anomaly also follows Vogel-Fulcher type temperature dependence .	Temperature dependent magnetization measurements show that this low temperature anomaly is not linked with any magnetic transition .
The population of a node survives if the number of occupied neighbours is not too small and not too large .	There is an influx of lymphocytes with random idiotype from the bone marrow .
CMS has two main software frameworks related to data analysis : COBRA , the main framework , and IGUANA , the interactive visualisation framework .	Software using these frameworks is used today in the world-wide production and analysis of CMS data .
In this paper , we provide a link between the field of creativity and network steganographic research .	We propose a framework and a metric to help evaluating the creativity bound to a given hiding technique .
Rare properties are often very important but pose a particular challenge for simulation-based approaches , hence a key objective under these circumstances is to reduce the number and length of simulations necessary to produce a given level of confidence .	Importance sampling is a well-established technique that achieves this , however to maintain the advantages of statistical model checking it is necessary to find good importance sampling distributions without considering the entire state space .
In this paper we investigate the manner in which the internal spin angular momentum of a spinor field is encoded in the gravitational field at asymptotic infinity .	The inclusion of internal spin requires us to re-analyze our notion of asymptotic flatness .
It is known that not every graph admits a dominating induced matching , while the problem to decide if it does admit it is NP-complete .	In this paper we consider the problems of finding a minimum weighted dominating induced matching , if any , and counting the number of dominating induced matchings of a graph with weighted edges .
We investigate the diffeomorphism type and the homeomorphism type of ( X , Sigma ) after the surgery .	One of the main results is that for certain pairs ( X , Sigma ) , the smooth type of Sigma_K ( m ) can be easily distinguished by the Alexander polynomial of the knot K and the homeomorphism type depends on the number of twist and the knot .
These observations have led to the suggestion that this sequence of patterns can serve as an early indicator of desertification in some ecosystems .	Since parameter values can take on a range of plausible values in the vegetation models , it is important to investigate whether the pattern sequence prediction is robust to variation .
At this critical value of $ \alpha $ the system exhibits multifractality and spectral statistics intermediate between the Wigner-Dyson and Poisson one .	These features are reminiscent of those typical for the mobility edge of disordered conductors .
The general context of this study is the inversion of stellar fundamental parameters from high-resolution Echelle spectra .	We aim indeed at developing a fast and reliable tool for the post-processing of spectra produced by Espadons and Narval spectropolarimeters .
Furthermore , our results depend on band filling in a sensible way .	In the presence of local correlations , $ 2\Delta ( 0 ) /T_c $ differs from the BCS ratio , since Coulomb interactions affect much more the superconducting critical temperature , $ T_c $ , than the superconducting order parameter , $ \Delta ( T ) $ .
We found that the network topology has a strong impact on the amplitude of oscillations and in the level of persistence .	Diseases do not spread very effectively through local contacts .
Spherical model stellar atmospheres are explicitly characterized by their luminosity ( $ L_\star $ ) , mass ( $ M_\star $ ) and radius ( $ R_\star $ ) , and observations can now determine directly $ L_\star $ and $ R_\star $ .	We computed spherical model atmospheres for red giants and for red supergiants holding $ L_\star $ and $ R_\star $ constant at characteristic values for each type of star but varying $ M_\star $ , and we searched the predicted flux spectra and surface-brightness distributions for features that changed with mass .
We find that slave rotor mean field theory yields gapped or gapless chiral spin liquid Mott insulators .	To study competing magnetic orders , we consider the strong coupling effective spin Hamiltonian which includes chiral three-spin exchange .
A set of measurements is suggested which will , in principle , allow us to measure all sides of the triangle , and consequently to establish CP-violation .	For different values of the CP-violating phase , $ \delta_D $ , the required accuracy of measurements is estimated .
Our aim is to present a fast and general Bayesian inference framework based on the synergy between machine learning techniques and standard sampling methods and apply it to infer the physical properties of clumpy dusty torus using infrared photometric high spatial resolution observations of active galactic nuclei .	We make use of the Metropolis-Hastings Markov Chain Monte Carlo algorithm for sampling the posterior distribution function .
Tens of such equilibrated chains of up to 4 , 096 beads are next used as starting points for Langevin dynamics simulations .	The complex interplay of chain dynamics and self-knotting is addressed by monitoring the time evolution of various metric and entanglement properties .
We propose a simple scenario which explains the observed matter-antimatter imbalance and the origin of dark matter in the Universe .	We use the Einstein-Cartan-Sciama-Kibble theory of gravity which naturally extends general relativity to include the intrinsic spin of matter .
The broader outcome of this work is a novel class of replication-based outer bounds for arbitrary rank-constrained MIMO interference networks where replicas of existing users are added as auxiliary users and the network connectivity is chosen to ensure that any achievable scheme for the original network also works in the new network .	The replicated network creates a new perspective of the problem , so that even simple arguments such as user cooperation become quite powerful when applied in the replicated network , giving rise to stronger outer bounds , than when applied directly in the original network .
Many giant exoplanets in close orbits have observed radii which exceed theoretical predictions .	One suggested explanation for this discrepancy is heat deposited deep inside the atmospheres of these `` hot Jupiters '' .
The concept was tested experimentally at the Fermilab Tevatron collider using a hollow electron gun installed in one of the Tevatron electron lenses .	Within the US LHC Accelerator Research Program ( LARP ) and the European FP7 HiLumi LHC Design Study , we are proposing a conceptual design for applying this technique to the Large Hadron Collider at CERN .
We derive the most general low-energy effective Lagrangian that is compatible with ( spontaneously broken ) Poincare invariance and worldsheet reparameterization invariance .	This generalizes the effective action developed by Lund and Regge and by Endlich and Nicolis .
It is demonstrated that a screened Coulomb impurity placed in the vicinity of the dot center can lead to bound-to-resonant transitions and to avoided crossings-like behavior when the screening of the impurity charge is varied .	It is argued that these properties also can have impact on electron transport through quantum dot arrays .
Whether it is a password for user authentication or a secret key for a cryptographic primitive , picking it requires the user to trade-off usability costs with resistance against an adversary : a simple password is easier to remember but is also easier to guess ; likewise , a shorter cryptographic key may require fewer computational and storage resources but it is also easier to attack .	A fundamental question is how one can optimally resolve this trade-off .
While this typically leads to good performance and interpretable models in practice , it makes the statistical analysis more involved .	In this work , we study the intrinsic complexity of Partial Least Squares Regression .
We find a value of the g-factor of about 13 .	For small even-integer filling factors the corresponding minima in the Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations can not be tuned into maxima for arbitrary tilt angles .
The vacuum structure and spectra of two-dimensional gauge theories with N= ( 2,2 ) supersymmetry are investigated .	These theories admit a twisted mass term for charged chiral matter multiplets .
weights , whose distribution function satisfies $ F ( 0 ) = p_c = 1/2 $ .	This is sometimes known as the `` critical case '' because large clusters of zero-weight edges force passage times to grow at most logarithmically , giving zero time constant .
We propose a correspondence between loop operators in a family of four dimensional N=2 gauge theories on S^4 -- including Wilson , 't Hooft and dyonic operators -- and Liouville theory loop operators on a Riemann surface .	This extends the beautiful relation between the partition function of these N=2 gauge theories and Liouville correlators found by Alday , Gaiotto and Tachikawa .
Accurate measurements of the motion of these electrons start becoming available from the analysis of hard X-ray imaging-spectroscopy observations .	In this paper , we discuss the linearized perturbations of the Boltzmann kinetic equation describing an ensemble of electrons accelerated by the energy release occurring during solar flares .
If the mutation rate is increased even further , the population undergoes a second transition and loses all sensitivity to fitness peaks .	This second transition corresponds to the standard error threshold transition first described by Eigen .
We consider a homogeneous stochastic higher spin six vertex model in a quadrant .	For this model we derive concise integral representations for multi-point q-moments of the height function and for the q-correlation functions .
Considerable recent attention has been given to the study of shape formation using modern responsive materials that can be preprogrammed to undergo spatially inhomogeneous local deformations .	In particular , nematic liquid crystal polymer networks offer exciting possibilities in this context .
We have surveyed the pricing plans of a selection of major cloud providers and compared them using the unit price as the means of comparison .	All the providers , excepting Amazon , adopt a bundling pricing scheme ; Amazon follows instead a block-declining pricing policy .
I will argue that $ B $ -mode non-Gaussianity opens up an as-yet-unexplored window into the early Universe , demonstrating that significant information on primordial physics remains to be harvested from CMB anisotropies .	BTT presents a measure of both primordial tensors and primordial non-Gaussianity , two of the most sought after signatures of the inflationary paradigm .
A cutoff where the particle-size distribution turns over must exist , but the position and shape of it is not clear from existing studies .	Using a series of solar occultations performed by the VIMS instrument on-board Cassini in the near-infrared , we are able to measure light forward scattered by particles in the A and C rings .
However , large deviations from the asymptotically predicted heat transfer scaling are found , with laboratory experiments and DNS consistently yielding much larger Nusselt numbers than expected .	These deviations are traced down to dynamically active Ekman boundary layers , which are shown to play an integral part in controlling heat transfer even for Ekman numbers as small as $ 10^ { -7 } $ .
At higher temperature , the magnetoresistance exhibits large h/2e-periodic oscillations with 1/T power law decay .	This flux-sensitive contribution arises from coherence of low-energy quasiparticles states over the phase-breaking length L_ { \phi } .
We also reproduce the finiteness length of the unitary form of the groups Sp_ { 2n } ( GF ( q^2 ) [ t , t^ { -1 } ] ) .	Another application is the first published proof of the Phan-type theorem of type F_4 .
Unconventional density waves ( UDW ) are one of the ground states in metallic crystalline solids and have been speculated already in 1968 .	However , more focused studies on UDW started only recently , perhaps after the identification of the low temperature phase in alpha- ( BEDT-TTF ) _2KHg ( SCN ) _4 as unconventional charge density wave ( UCDW ) in 2002 .
Here , we report that controlled heating in air significantly improves device performance of WSe2 FETs in terms of on-state currents and field-effect mobilities .	Specifically , after heating at optimized conditions , chemical vapor deposition grown monolayer WSe2 FETs showed an average FET mobility of 31 cm2/Vs and on/off current ratios up to 5*108 .
In this paper we study how the existence of such K\ '' ahler-Einstein metrics depends on $ \alpha $ .	We show that in the negative scalar curvature case , if such K\ '' ahler-Einstein metrics exist for all small cone-angles then they exist for every $ \alpha\in ( \frac { n+1 } { n+2 } , 1 ) $ , where $ n $ is the dimension .
Since a few years , it moreover became a key issue to compute it for massive graphs in the context of complex network analysis .	However , known algorithms , including the ones producing approximate values , have too high a time and/or space complexity to be used in such cases .
Therefore a closer look at the impact of ICT in public financial management and performance is highly justified .	Public finance is defined as a field of economics concerned with paying for collective or governmental activities , and with the administration and design of those activities .
The existence of a bulk viscous pressure in a fluid , which in order to obey to the second law of thermodynamics is negative , reduces its effective pressure .	We discuss in this study the degeneracy in bulk viscous cosmologies and address the possibility that phantom dark energy cosmology could be caused by the existence of non-equilibrium pressure in any cosmic component .
When the number of embedded patterns is finite , the Trotter decomposition reduces the problem to that of a random Ising model .	It turns out that the effects of quantum fluctuations on macroscopic variables play the same roles as those of thermal fluctuations .
Previous studies have revealed a wide range of properties and phenomena , including extraordinarily high brightness temperatures , sub-nanosecond emission features , and banded dynamic spectra .	New measurements of giant pulse characteristics can help guide and test theoretical emission models .
We compare these low-level features with those previously seen in the pulse profiles of pulsars J0437-4715 and B1929+10 .	While J0437-4715 is a binary millisecond pulsar and B0950+08 and B1929+10 are isolated , slow pulsars , all three pulsars are nearby and very bright .
It is shown that the ions of the surface charge are in a relatively deep ( as compared to kBT ) potential wells , which are localized near the dipole heads of phospholipid membrane .	It makes impossible for ions to slip along the membrane surface .
Ternary K-Fe-As systems with various starting compositions were examined to determine the optimal growth conditions .	Employment of KAs flux led to the growth of large single crystals with the typical size of as large as 15 mm x 10 mm x 0.4 mm .
There is less emission at points away from the gradient , and halfway between MS III and MS IV the H $ \alpha surface brightness is $ & lt ; 0.04 $ R. We attribute the H $ \alpha emission at cloud leading edges to heating of the Stream clouds by ram pressure from ionized gas in the halo of the Galaxy .	These observations suggest that ram pressure from halo gas plays a large role in stripping the Stream out of the Magellanic Clouds .
We investigate the ray-length distributions for two different rectangular versions of Gilbert 's tessellation .	In the full rectangular version , lines extend either horizontally ( with east- and west-growing rays ) or vertically ( north- and south-growing rays ) from seed points which form a Poisson point process , each ray stopping when another ray is met .
Here we use the weight sums along cycles in this associated graph to construct a certain polytope in $ \R^d $ , which we regard as a geometrical invariant associated to the periodic graph .	It is the unit ball of a norm on $ \R^d $ describing the large-scale geometry of the graph .
Gradient flow in a potential energy ( or Euclidean action ) landscape provides a natural set of paths connecting different saddle points .	We apply this method to General Relativity , where gradient flow is Ricci flow , and focus on the example of 4-dimensional Euclidean gravity with boundary S^1 x S^2 , representing the canonical ensemble for gravity in a box .
We clarify some of the issues related to the Hagedorn temperature in the limits of small and large constant RR 5-form .	We study the thermodynamic behavior of strings in the case of $ AdS_3 \times S^3 \times T^4 $ geometries in the presence of NS-NS and RR 3-form backgrounds .
The numerical estimation of these physical quantities was done for arbitrary direction of the $ \tau $ lepton polarization 3-vector in the rest frame .	The vector and axial-vector form factors describing the structure-dependent part of the decay amplitude are determined using the chiral effective theory with resonances ( R $ \chi $ T ) .
This allows a determination of the full dependence of the baryon masses on the charges and masses of the valence quarks .	Results of a first numerical study ( at $ \beta=5.7 $ with Wilson action and light quark masses fixed from the pseudoscalar meson spectrum ) are reported .
We study the effects of the sequence on the propagation of nonlinear excitations in simple models of DNA in which we incorporate actual DNA sequences obtained from human genome data .	We show that kink propagation requires forces over a certain threshold , a phenomenon already found for aperiodic sequences [ F. Dom\'\i nguez-Adame { \em et al . } , Phys.Rev .
It can seamlessly accommodate a finite screening length , non-orthorhombic lattices and charged systems .	This approach is particularly advantageous because convergence is attained by simply refining the real space grid , namely without any adjustable parameter .
There exists a simple basic state which corresponds to the unperturbed interface and plane-parallel unsteady counter flows ; the properties of this state are examined .	A linear stability problem for the interface is formulated and solved a ) for both inviscid and b ) for both viscous fluids .
We consider the ( 2 , 0 ) supersymmetric theory of tensor multiplets and self-dual strings in six space-time dimensions .	Space-time diffeomorphisms that leave the string world-sheet invariant appear as gauge transformations on the normal bundle of the world-sheet .
We consider extra dimensional gauge theories on an interval .	We first review the derivation of the consistent boundary conditions ( BC 's ) from the action principle .
The extreme radiation dose received by vertex detectors at the Large Hadron Collider dictates stringent requirements on their cooling systems .	To be robust against radiation damage , sensors should be maintained below -20 degree C and at the same time , the considerable heat load generated in the readout chips and the sensors must be removed .
We explicitly calculate and analyze the one-loop FRG equations in the zero-viscosity limit as a function of the dimension .	For Burgers they reproduce the FRG equation obtained in the context of random manifolds , extending previous results of one of us .
In this paper , we propose an evolving Sierpinski gasket , based on which we establish a model of evolutionary Sierpinski networks ( ESNs ) that unifies deterministic Sierpinski network [ Eur.Phys.J .	B { \bf 60 } , 259 ( 2007 ) ] and random Sierpinski network [ Eur.Phys.J .
Depending on the aspect ratio and sharpness of the corrugated array , graphene can conformally coat the surface , partially collapse , or lay , fakir-like , fully suspended between pillars over tens of micrometers .	Upon increase of pillar density , ripples in collapsed films display a transition from random oriented pleats emerging from pillars to ripples linking nearest neighboring pillars organized in domains of given orientation .
Quantum systems are shown to have two kinds of properties : the usual ones described by values of quantum observables , which are called extrinsic , and those that can be attributed to individual quantum systems without violating standard quantum mechanics , which are called intrinsic .	The intrinsic properties are classified into structural and conditional .
The power method and block Lanczos method are popular numerical algorithms for computing the truncated singular value decomposition ( SVD ) and eigenvalue decomposition problems .	Especially in the literature of randomized numerical linear algebra , the power method is widely applied to improve the quality of randomized sketching , and relative-error bounds have been well established .
This was long thought to be impossible , but our position eigenvectors have a vortex structure like twisted light .	Thus they are not spherically symmetric and the position operator does not transform as a vector , so that previous non-existence arguments do not apply .
Polymer melts represent the flow-history-dependent behavior .	To clearly show this behavior , we have investigated flow behavior of an entangled polymer melt around two cylinders placed in tandem along the flow direction in a two dimensional periodic system .
We also extend the building-up construction for self-dual codes to finite chain rings .	Our building-up construction produces many new interesting self-dual codes .
For the non-extreme charged black holes , the spin 3/2 Rarita-Schwinger field has the same asymptotic frequency as that of the integral spin fields .	However , the asymptotic frequency of the Dirac field is different , and its real part is zero .
The objective is to find an optimal stopping rule under partial observation that maximizes the total expected reward in infinite horizon .	The problem is formulated as a partially observable Markov decision process ( POMDP ) with the belief space consisting of state probability vectors .
Mass-balance constraints in the Bulk Silicate Earth ( BSE ) tend instead to anti-correlate the radiogenic element abundances in complementary reservoirs .	Experimental geo-neutrino observables may be further ( anti ) correlated by instrumental effects .
% We have attempted to fix the postscript so that it will print out on % a larger number of printers .	Using recent experimental limits on $ \mu $ distortions from COBE FIRAS , and the large lever-arm spanning the damping of sub-Jeans scale fluctuations to the scale of the COBE DMR fluctuations , we set a constraint on the slope of the primordial power spectrum $ n $ .
Gravitating systems have no well-defined local energy-momentum density .	Various quasilocal proposals have been made , however the center-of-mass moment ( COM ) has generally been overlooked .
On a $ 12^3\times 4 $ lattice it turns out that topological quantities have a non-trivial local correlation .	The auto-correlation functions of the topological charge depend on cooling for both definitions .
The corresponding canonical equations are also provided .	This opens the door to analogous results for other numerical-relativity formalisms , like BSSN , that can be derived from Z4 by a symmetry-breaking procedure .
We found significant variation of the total flux density at 8 GHz on the time scale of one month by the single-dish monitoring .	The total flux density varied by 5.5 % in 32 days , which is comparable to the gamma-ray variability time scale , corresponding to the variability brightness temperature of $ 7.0 \times 10^ { 11 } $ K. The source consists of central and southeastern components on the parsec ( pc ) scale .
The spectral energy distribution ( SED ) is dominated by a very strong continuum which makes the ionic lines of [ SIV ] and [ NeIII ] very weak .	From 5 to 17 mic , the SED can be fitted with a grey-body spectrum , modified by an extinction law similar to that observed toward the Galactic Center , with an optical depth of A_V~19-21 mag .
We used optical variability , among other more standard methods , as a means of identifying a large number of ROSAT All-Sky Survey sources .	All objects fainter than about 12 mag and brighter than about 17 mag , in or near the error circle of the ROSAT positions , were tested for optical variability on hundreds of archival plates of the Sonneberg field patrol .
The framework does not require any violations of mathematical rigor usually associated with the Renormalization program .	We use the framework of the non-local field theories [ these carry a finite mass scale ( \Lambda ) ] and set up a finite perturbative program .
From density-functional theory , we generate the set of eight Fe $ d $ and As $ p $ localized Wannier functions for LaOFeAs and their tight-binding ( TB ) Hamiltonian , $ h ( k ) $ .	We discuss the topology of the bands , i.e.allowed and avoided crossings , the origin of the d6 pseudogap , as well as the role of the As $ p $ orbitals and the elongation of the FeAs $ _ { 4 } $ tetrahedron .
ARGO-YBJ preliminary results of the measurements of the all-particle and light-component ( i.e.protons and helium ) cosmic ray energy spectra between approximately 5 TeV and 5 PeV are reported and discussed .	The resulting all-particle spectrum ( measured in the energy range 100TeV - 3PeV ) is in good agreement with both theoretical parametrizations and previous measurements .
There is great interest in designing photonic devices capable of disorder-resistant transport and information processing .	In this work we propose to exploit 3D integrated photonic circuits in order to realize 2D discrete-time quantum walks in a background synthetic gauge field .
By rewriting the resulting expression in terms of the volume expansion factor and performing a change of variables , we obtain an uncoupled EMP or NLS equation that is independent of the imposition of additional conservation equations .	Since the correspondences shown here present an alternative route for obtaining exact solutions to Einstein 's equations , we reconstruct many known exact solutions via their EMP or NLS counterparts and show by numerical analysis the stability properties of many solutions .
Particular attention is paid to the density dependence of the depletion potential .	A second-order virial approximation is applied , which yields nearly exact results for the bulk properties of the hard-platelet fluid at densities two times smaller than the density of the isotropic fluid at isotropic-nematic phase coexistence .
Missing data is treated as Missing At Random mechanism by implementing maximum likelihood algorithm .	The network performance is determined by calculating the mean square error of the network prediction .
For a finite subgroup G in SL ( 3 , C ) , Bridgeland , King and Reid proved that the moduli space of G-clusters is a crepant resolution of the quotient C^3/G .	This paper considers the moduli spaces M_\theta , introduced by Kronheimer and further studied by Sardo Infirri , which coincide with G-Hilb for a particular choice of the GIT parameter \theta .
The trace functions of closed curves on M determine regular functions which generate complex Hamiltonian flows .	For simple closed curves , these complex Hamiltonian flows arise from holomorphic flows on the representation variety generalizing the Fenchel-Nielsen twist flows on Teichmueller space and the complex quakebend flows on quasi-Fuchsian space .
We discuss the common choices for kernel basis functions within our framework , and we introduce the mixed-resolution delta basis functions to address the problem of the size of the least-squares problem to be solved when using delta basis functions .	We validate and demonstrate our algorithm on simulated and real data .
Ties are disjoint and may contain one vertex .	A matching $ M $ is a set of vertex-disjoint edges .
We derive T_eff = 6110 +/- 45 K , log g = 4.28 +/- 0.15 , and [ M/H ] = 0.23 +/- 0.08 , and also a high abundance of lithium , log n ( Li ) = 2.91 +/- 0.05 .	These parameters suggests an age for the system of 1-3 Gyr and a stellar mass of 1.25-1.35 M_sun .
The characteristic features of the chromatic copper oxide annuli are studied by exploiting micro-Raman Spectroscopy , Optical and Scanning Electron Microscopies .	In the case of irradiation in water , the seldom investigated effects of the immersion time , after irradiation with a fixed number of pulses , is analyzed , and an intriguing dependence of the color of the chromatic annuli on the immersion time is observed .
In particular , we show that a model Hamiltonian involving a few Fock states can describe the behavior of energy gap , mean particle numbers per site , and number fluctuations per site almost quantitatively .	The role of symmetry on the gap as a function of the depth of the external trapping potential is elucidated .
Whereas Stembridge 's enriched $ P $ -partitions are related to quasisymmetric functions ( the dual coalgebra of Solomon 's type A descent algebra ) , our generalized enriched $ P $ -partitions are related to type B quasisymmetric functions ( the dual coalgebra of Solomon 's type B descent algebra ) .	Using these functions , we move on to explore ( non-commutative ) peak algebras spanned by sums of permutations with the same set of peaks .
The statistical significance for both the narrow and broad peaks exceeds 5 $ \sigma $ .	This behavior of the photon energy spectrum is interpreted as a signature of the exotic dibaryon resonance $ d^\star_1 $ which is assumed to be formed in the radiative process $ pp \to \gamma d^\star_1 $ followed by its electromagnetic decay via the $ d^\star_1 \to pp \gamma $ mode .
We extend the approach of Ref .	[ Yu-xi Liu , L. F. Wei , and F. Nori , Europhys.Lett .
This question is resolved here for distributions with $ p\geq 4 $ bounded moments ; in particular , the difference between the sample cost and distribution cost decays with $ m $ and $ p $ as $ m^ { \min\ { -1/4 , -1/2+2/p\ } } $ .	The essential technical contribution is a mechanism to uniformly control deviations in the face of unbounded parameter sets , cost functions , and source distributions .
We pay special attention to fixed point sets of type-preserving isometries of spherical buildings .	This sets are also convex subcomplexes of the natural polyhedral structure of the building .
For spin-1/2 this phase may be , beyond mean-field , a chiral gapped spin liquid .	Such a phase is consistent with Density Matrix Renormalization Group results of Yan et al .
We investigate the topological structure of the decimal expansions of the three famous naturally occurring irrational numbers , $ \pi $ , $ e $ , and golden ratio , by explicitly calculating the diversity of the pair distributions of the ten digits ranging from 0 to 9 .	And we find that there is a universal two-phase behavior , which collapses into a single curve with a power law phenomenon .
We investigate a CME propagating towards Earth on 29 March 2011 .	This event is specifically chosen for its predominately northward directed magnetic field , so that the influence from the momentum flux onto Earth can be isolated .
This paper opens up research regarding this issue by proposing a dynamic object evaluation framework ( DOEF ) .	DOEF accomplishes access pattern change by defining configurable styles of change .
In particular , it has been argued that the odd-frequency state is thermodynamically unstable , has an unphysical ( anti- ) Meissner effect , and thus can not exist as a homogeneous equilibrium phase .	We argue that this conclusion is incorrect because it implicitly relies on the inappropriate assumption that the odd-frequency superconductor can be described by an effective Hamiltonian that breaks the particle conservation symmetry .
In an IEEE 802.11 Infrastructure network , as the mobile node is moving from one access point to another , the resource allocation and smooth hand off may be a problem .	If some reliable prediction is done on mobile nodes next move , then resources can be allocated optimally as the mobile node moves around .
Observations of BDSs in supernova remnants are reviewed on an object-by-object basis .	The relevance of BDSs towards understanding the acceleration of cosmic rays in shocks is emphasized .
A method to approximate transmission probabilities for a nonseparable multidimensional barrier is applied to a waveguide model .	The method uses complex barrier-crossing orbits to represent reaction probabilities in phase space and is uniform in the sense that it applies at and above a threshold energy at which classical reaction switches on .
( A similar result was derived using Levy 's lemma some years later by S. Popescu , A.J .	Short , A.Winter , Nature Physics 2 , 754-758 ( 2006 ) . )
Eisenbud has shown that a decomposition D = A + B such that A and B have at least two sections gives rise to determinantal equations ( and corresponding syzygies ) in I_X ; and conjectured that if I_2 is generated by quadrics of rank at most 4 , then the last nonvanishing b_ ( i , i+1 ) is a consequence of such equations .	We describe obstructions to this conjecture and prove a variant .
This structural transition is accompanied by an anomaly in the temperature dependence of electrical resistivity , anisotropic magnetic susceptibility , and specific heat .	Concomitant with the structural phase transition , the Fe moments order along the \emph { a } direction with an ordered moment of 0.7 ( 1 ) \ , $ \mu_ { \textup { B } } $ at \emph { T } \ , =\,5 K. The low temperature stripe antiferromagnetic structure is the same as that in other \emph { A } Fe $ _ { 2 } $ As $ _ { 2 } $ ( \emph { A } \ , =\ , Ca , Sr , Ba ) compounds .
Random access to a specific document then requires decompression of a block .	The choice of block size is critical : it trades between compression effectiveness and document retrieval times .
Using a simple Fisher matrix analysis , we show that the bispectrum provides an excellent determination of linear and non-linear bias parameters of intermediate and high-z galaxies , when all measurable triangle configurations down to mildly non-linear scales , where perturbation theory is still valid , are included .	The bispectrum is also a powerful probe of primordial non-Gaussianity .
According to traditional gas-phase chemical models , O2 should be abundant in molecular clouds , but until recently , attempts to detect interstellar O2 line emission with ground- and space-based observatories have failed .	Following the multi-line detections of O2 with low abundances in the Orion and rho Oph A molecular clouds with Herschel , it is important to investigate other environments , and we here quantify the O2 abundance near a solar-mass protostar .
Using numerical simulations we demonstrate that hypercycles emerge from complex interaction structures in multispecies systems .	In this work we also find that `hypercycle hybrid ' protects the hypercycle from its environment during the growth process .
We checked its performance by spectroscopy of CADIS objects , where it provides high reliability ( 6 mistakes among 151 objects with R & lt ; 24 ) , especially for the quasar selection , and redshifts accurate within sigma_z = 0.03 for galaxies and sigma_z = 0.1 for quasars .	For an optimization of future surveys , a few model surveys are compared , which use the same amount of telescope time but different filter sets .
In this thesis , basic properties of such a relativistic two-fluid system are derived from the underlying microscopic physics of a complex scalar quantum field theory .	To obtain analytic results of all non-dissipative hydrodynamic quantities in terms of field theoretic variables , calculations are first carried out in a low-temperature and weak-coupling approximation .
These results improve on prior work by Candes and Recht , Candes and Tao , and Keshavan , Montanari , and Oh .	The reconstruction is accomplished by minimizing the nuclear norm , or sum of the singular values , of the hidden matrix subject to agreement with the provided entries .
So far , only two AGNs have been unquestionably confirmed in IFRS based on very long baseline interferometry ( VLBI ) observations .	In this work , we test the hypothesis that IFRS contain AGNs in a large sample of sources using VLBI .
In this brief contribution to the Proceedings of the NATO-ASI on `` Electrostatic Effects in Soft Matter and Biophysics '' , which took place in Les Houches from Oct. 1-13 , 2000 , we summarize in short aspects of the simulations methods to study charged systems .	After describing some basics of Monte Carlo and Molecular dynamics techniques , we describe a few methods to compute long range interactions in periodic systems .
[ 1 ] R. Aleksan , T.C .	Petersen and A. Soffer , Phys.Rev .
In these scenarios , the Yukawa couplings between the light scalar and the standard model fermions are in general enhanced while the couplings between the light scalar and weak gauge bosons are reduced .	Even though the flavor violation induced by the neutral scalar at the tree level can be avoided , the charged scalar state inevitably mediate flavor changing neutral current processes .
We label classes of the analyzed set $ W $ by pairs of numbers counting the exposed faces of dimension one and two .	Generically , $ W $ belongs to the class of ovals .
We have investigated the advection of a passive scalar quantity by incompressible helical turbulent flow in the frame of extended Kraichnan model .	Turbulent fluctuations of velocity field are assumed to have the Gaussian statistics with zero mean and defined noise with finite time-correlation .
If the Standard Model is valid up to very high energies it is known that the Higgs potential can develop a local minimum at field values around $ 10^ { 15 } -10^ { 17 } $ GeV , for a narrow band of values of the top quark and Higgs masses .	We show that in a scalar-tensor theory of gravity such Higgs false vacuum can give rise to viable inflation if the potential barrier is very shallow , allowing for tunneling and relaxation into the electroweak scale true vacuum .
Fits to the model constrain the median extinction , the width of the extinction distribution , and the fraction of reddened stars .	The resulting extinction map has & gt ; 4 times better resolution than maps of dust emission , while providing a more direct measurement of the dust column .
We explore how the co-evolution of massive black holes ( MBHs ) and galaxies is affected by environmental effects , addressing in particular MBHs hosted in the central galaxies of clusters ( we will refer to these galaxies in general as 'CGs ' ) .	Recently the sample of MBHs in CGs with dynamically measured masses has increased , and it has been suggested that these MBH masses ( M_BH ) deviate from the expected correlations with velocity dispersion ( sigma ) and mass of the bulge ( M_bulge ) of the host galaxy : MBHs in CGs appear to be `over-massive ' .
We derive information about the polarization spectrum by comparing our 350 micron result with an 850 micron polarization detection previously published for this source .	This empirical information concerning the polarization spectrum disagrees with the predictions of a recent model for TTS disk polarization .
We find that in general , agreement between the calculations and M\ '' ossbauer data is within a 10 % error bar .	Nonetheless , we show that the methodology can be used to make accurate assignments , including to separate peaks of similar defects in slightly different environments .
The quest for finding the right interpretation of Quantum Mechanics ( QM ) is as old als QM and still has not ended , and may never end .	The question what an interpretation of QM is has hardly ever been raised explicitly , let alone answered .
The information of the Austrian airline flights was collected and quantitatively analyzed by the concepts of complex network .	It displays some features of small-world networks , namely large clustering coefficient and small average shortest-path length .
NLTE- spectra are computed for various epochs using the structure resulting from the light curve code .	The following questions are addressed : What do we learn about the progenitor evolution and its metallicity ?
Using a two-channel model , we find the effective potential at the point where the p-wave scattering length goes to zero .	Here the effective interaction provides attraction and one can therefore ask about the stability of the system .
LS 5039 is a gamma-ray binary system observed in a broad energy range , from radio to TeV energies .	The binary system exhibits both flux and spectral modulation as a function of its orbital period .
These orbits correspond to singular Liouville fields with the monodromy matrixes $ \pm I $ .	The first class in $ SL ( 2 , \rr ) $ is parameterized by the Liouville fields with vanishing chiral energy functional .
The most general Lagrangian for the wave function and G is considered .	Equations of motion and conservation laws are obtained .
Time-dependent adiabatic evolution by ab-initio molecular dynamics simulations show that the pair will become self-trapped in the perfect crystal , with a trapping energy of about 0.38 eV , with formation of a pair of trans-gauche conformational defects , three C $ _2 $ H $ _4 $ units apart on the same chain .	The electron is confined in the inter-chain pocket created by a local , 120 $ ^\circ $ rotation of the chain between the two defects , while the hole resides on the chain and is much less bound .
For the decision of phase equation as differential equation of 1th order numeral methods are used : Euler method and Runge-Kutta methods 2- , 3- , 4- and 5th orders of exactness .	Numerically calculated phase shifts of np- scattering for potentials Reid93 and Argonne v18 are in good agreement with the results obtained with the other methods of original works .
Furthermore , by employing the method of principal components ( also known as singular value decomposition ) we explicitly demonstrate that the effective dimensionality of the search parameter space of smirches is likely to be just three or four , much smaller than what has hitherto been thought to be about nine or ten .	This result , based on a limited study of the parameter space , should be confirmed by a more exhaustive study over the parameter space as well as Monte-Carlo simulations to test the predictions made in this paper .
Detailed comparison of the calculated radio fluxes with the ones detected from the prominent flare of GRS 1915+105 during March/April 1994 provides conclusive information on the basic parameters in the ejecta , such as the absolute values and temporal evolution of the magnetic field , speed of expansion , the rate of continuous injection of radio electrons into and their energy-dependent escape from the clouds , etc .	The data of radio monitoring of the pair of resolved ejecta enable determination of parameters of the bulk motion of counter ejecta and the degree of asymmetry between them , and contain important information on the prime energy source for the accelerated electrons .
These peaks are attributed to the passage of the Fermi level through an equidistant ladder of levels formed by orbitally quantized states of edge Dirac fermions rotating around each nanohole .	The results are in agreement with the theory of edge states for massless Dirac fermions .
The sensitivity of the asymptotic laws on the shape and length of short range potentials defined by two and three parameters is studied .	These ideas as well as the transition from the short to the long range regime for the l=0 case are illustrated using the Kratzer potential .
We explore connections between an operator 's matrix element distribution and its entanglement generation .	Operators with matrix element distributions similar to those of random matrices generate states of high multi-partite entanglement .
We show that while SNII rates provide a direct measurement of the instantaneous CSFR , the SNIa rate depends on the past history of the CSFR .	This provides us with a new and independent diagnostic of the star formation rate .
We show that the various sub-gap conductances have peaks occurring at the energies of all these modes ; we therefore get a rich pattern of conductance peaks .	Next , we use a renormalization group approach to study the scattering matrix of the system at energies far from the SC gap .
The modeled relative numbers of radio-detected and radio-quiet objects agree well with the data .	Although the sample is local , extrapolation to the full Galaxy implies a gamma-ray pulsar birthrate 1/ ( 59 yr ) .
Nearly 500 of these AGN are seen in the 2nd Fermi Large Area Telescope catalogue of AGN .	We combine the jet models which describe individual spectra with the expected jet parameter scalings with mass and mass accretion rate to predict the expected number of Fermi detected sources given the number densities of AGN from cosmological simulations .
Besides typical interband magneto-optical transitions , we clearly observe additional transitions that involve perturbed states associated to short-range impurities such as vacancies .	Their intensity is found to decrease with an annealing process and a partial self-healing over time is observed .
Combining our results with previous works , we reach potential associations for 119 out of the 128 Fermi sources within said region .	If these associations are correct , we estimate that less than 20 % of all remaining unassociated 1FGL sources at high Galactic latitude ( |b| & gt ; 15 degrees ) might host `exotic ' counterparts distinct from known classes of gamma-ray emitters .
The principal focus is on distinguishing between , and quantifying , the effects of graininess on initial conditions corresponding , in the continuum limit , to regular and chaotic orbits .	Ordinary Lyapunov exponents X do not provide a useful diagnostic for distinguishing between regular and chaotic behaviour .
We present a one-dimensional model of the formation and viscous evolution of protoplanetary disks .	The formation of the early disk is modeled as the result of the gravitational collapse of an isothermal molecular cloud .
For any class of channel conditional distributions , with finite memory dependence on channel input RVs $ A^n { \stackrel { \triangle } { = } } \ { A_i : i=0 , \ldots , n\ } $ or channel output RVs $ B^n { \stackrel { \triangle } { = } } \ { B_i : i=0 , \ldots , n\ } $ or both , we characterize the subsets of channel input distributions $ { \cal P } _ { [ 0 , n ] } ^ { CI } \subseteq { \cal P } _ { [ 0 , n ] } { \stackrel { \triangle } { = } } \big\ { { \bf P } _ { A_i|A^ { i-1 } , B^ { i-1 } } : i=1 , \ldots , n\big\ } $ , which satisfy conditional independence on past information , and maximize directed information , defined by $ I ( A^n \rightarrow B^n ) $ .	We derive the corresponding expressions , called `` characterizations of Finite Transmission Feedback Information ( FTFI ) capacity '' .
For macroscopic black holes we find that those fluctuations grow and eventually become important when considering sufficiently long periods of time ( of the order of the evaporation time ) , but well before the Planckian regime is reached .	In addition , the assumption of a simple correlation between the fluctuations of the energy flux crossing the horizon and far from it , which was made in earlier work on spherically-symmetric induced fluctuations , is carefully analyzed and found to be invalid .
It has been widely used in different applications , a lot of algorithms introduced to discover these rules .	However Priori like algorithms has been used to find positive association rules .
Although the splitting of the low energy doublet at the Brillouin zone center ( $ \Gamma $ -point ) can be due to either the spin-orbit coupling or the nematic order , or both , the degeneracy of each of the doublet states at the zone corner ( $ M $ -point ) is protected by the space group symmetry even when spin-orbit coupling is taken into account .	Therefore , any splitting at $ M $ must be due to lowering of the crystal symmetry , such as due to the nematic order .
Particular emphasis is given to the relations between the different types of planar Green 's functions .	The key object is a Hopf algebra which is naturally defined on non-commuting sources , and the fact that its genuine unshuffle coproduct splits into left- and right unshuffle half-coproduts .
The branches contain points where K3 degenerates to orbifolds of the four-torus by Z_3 , Z_4 and Z_6 .	A singularity analysis shows that exceptional group symmetries appear on these branches , including pure E_8 xE_8 , although SO ( 32 ) can not be realised in this way .
I present an homogeneous determination of the physical properties of 14 transiting extrasolar planetary systems for which good data are available .	The input quantities for each system are the results of the light curve analyses ( Paper 1 ) , and published measurements of the stellar velocity amplitude , Teff and [ Fe/H ] .
We detail various parameterizations and sub-families of the Tukey transform based models , such as the g-and-h , g-and-k and g-and-j models , including their properties of relevance to loss modelling .	One of the challenges with such models is to perform robust estimation for the loss model parameters that will be amenable to practitioners when fitting such models .
We consider a supersymmetric system of D-5-branes compactified on a 5-torus with a self-dual background field strength on a 4-torus and carrying left-moving momentum along a circle .	The corresponding supergravity solution describes a 5-dimensional black hole with a regular horizon .
The re-analysis of the data reported by Mateo et al .	( 1998 ) allowed us to obtain a partially different set of frequencies for the 20 short period variable stars discovered in the Carina dSph galaxy .
Moreover , using the G $ \hat { a } $ teaux differentiability of Lipschitz operators , we characterize the Lipschitz numerical index of separable Banach spaces with the RNP .	Finally , we prove that the Lipschitz numerical index has the stability properties for the $ c_0 $ - , $ l_1 $ - , and $ l_\infty $ -sums of spaces and vector-valued function spaces .
We have calculated thermodynamic and spectral properties of Ce metal over a wide range of volume and temperature , including the effects of 4f electron correlations , by the merger of the local density approximation and dynamical mean field theory ( DMFT ) .	The DMFT equations are solved using the quantum Monte Carlo technique supplemented by the more approximate Hubbard I and Hartree Fock methods .
In our study of the entropy , we noticed that with increasing vorticity , entropy increases for both the modes .	We further observed that , there exists an optimum value of ellipticity which gives rise to maximum entanglement of the two modes of the quantum elliptical vortex states .
In this note , we use a kinematic approach to provide a formula for the magnification factor for the primary image accurate to first order and valid for rays leaving the source at any trajectory .	We thus determine the magnification over a sphere surrounding the system .
These weak-classifiers produce a boolean response based on presence or absence in the tested image of a ? keypoint ?	( ~ a SURF interest point ) with a descriptor sufficiently similar ( i.e.within a given distance ) to a reference descriptor characterizing the feature .
We present new models for illuminated accretion disks , their structure and reprocessed emission .	We consider the effects of incident X-rays on the surface of an accretion disk by solving simultaneously the equations of radiative transfer , energy balance and ionization equilibrium over a large range of column densities .
Some implementation details for numerical code are provided .	We include animations of simulated primordial black hole formation as supplemental material .
Firstly , by exploiting the deterministic high-speed train trajectory , we present a time-distance mapping in order to obtain the highly dynamic link capacity effectively .	Next , a novel service model is developed for deadline constrained services with delivery ratio requirements , which enables us to turn the delivery ratio requirement into a single queue stability problem .
Besides , we focus our attention on nearby ( $ z & lt ; 0.01 $ ) galaxies , for which we can provide a three-dimensional characterization of the local galaxy density .	We find that the observed tendency of galaxies to have greater B/D with increasing galaxy density simply reflects the average decline of B/D towards later morphological types together with the morphology -- density relation .
We also give relations among these quantities and the vacuum energy and gauge-boson mass .	Both the susceptibility and the string tension come from the same physics : The topology of linking , twisting , and writhing of closed vortex strings .
In view of the LHC upgrade phases towards HL-LHC , the ATLAS experiment plans to upgrade the Inner Detector with an all-silicon system .	The n-on-p silicon technology is a promising candidate for the pixel upgrade thanks to its radiation hardness and cost effectiveness , that allow for enlarging the area instrumented with pixel detectors .
We find a striking agreement between the model predictions and the observed location of HI-detected and non-detected blue ( late-type ) galaxies in phase-space , strongly implying that ram-pressure plays a key role in the gas removal from galaxies , and that this can happen during their first infall into the cluster .	However , we also find a significant number of gas-poor , red ( early-type ) galaxies in the infall region of the cluster that can not easily be explained with our model of ram-pressure stripping alone .
Generalizing the Weil algebra of a Lie algebra and Kalkman 's BRST model , here we introduce the Weil algebra $ W ( A ) $ associated to any Lie algebroid $ A $ .	We then show that this Weil algebra is related to the Bott-Shulman-Stasheff complex ( computing the cohomology of the classifying space ) via a Van Est map and we prove a Van Est isomorphism theorem .
Each individual pulse in the temporal profiles is produced by the deceleration of fast moving material by a comparatively slower layer within a relativistic wind .	The spectral evolution of synthetic pulses is first obtained with standard equipartition assumptions to estimate the post-shock magnetic field and electron Lorentz factor .
Some specific processing units , such as DSPs , are added to those devices in order to optimize the performance and the energy consumption .	However , in DSP video decoding , the inter-processor communication overhead may have a considerable impact on the performance and the energy consumption .
For \alpha & gt ; 2 , the class of representable algebras is a variety that is not axiomatized by a finite schema , and in fact all complexity results on representations for cylindric algebras , proved by Andreka ( concerning number of variables needed for axiomatizations ) Hodkinson ( on Sahlqvist axiomatizations and canonicity ) and others , transfer to the topological addition , by implementing a very simple procedure of `discretely topologizing a cylindric algebra ' Given a cylindric algebra of dimension \alpha , one adds \alpha many interior identity operations , the latter algebra is representable as a topological cylindric algebra if and only if the former is ; the representation induced by the discrete topology .	In this paper we investigate amalgamation properties for various classes of topological cylindric algebras of all dimensions .
Both methods are in good agreement and predict an outflowing current density with a complex microscopic pattern of vorticity in the steady state .	Applying a bias of the order of the chemical potential results in a short-range correlated antiferromagnetic vorticity pattern , corresponding to local moments of the order of a tenth of a magneton , $ e\hbar/2m $ , if the fermions are charged .
Stellar clusters are born in cold and dusty molecular clouds and the youngest clusters are embedded to various degrees in dusty dark molecular material .	Such embedded clusters can be considered protocluster systems .
Regarding ( iii ) , for generic models the correspondence is characterized as a pair of maps , one of which is locally linear , and the other of which is locally polynomial .	Both are determined by a local combinatorial invariant , an integer matrix .
We present an ab initio full-potential linearized augmented plane-wave ( FLAPW ) study of the structural and electronic properties of the two bulk unstable compounds FeSi ( CsCl structure ) and FeSi $ _2 $ ( CaF $ _2 $ structure ) which have recently been grown by molecular beam epitaxy on Si ( 111 ) .	We obtain equilibrium bulk lattice constants of 2.72 \AA\ and 5.32 \AA\ for FeSi and FeSi $ _2 $ , respectively .
Thermal entanglement of a two-qubit Heisenberg chain in presence of the Dzyaloshinski-Moriya ( DM ) anisotropic antisymmetric interaction and entanglement teleportation when using two independent Heisenberg chains as quantum channel are investigated .	It is found that the DM interaction can excite the entanglement and teleportation fidelity .
These asymmetries could be due to Flavor Changing Neutral Currents ( FCNC ) in the top sector induced by t-channel exchange of a massive neutral vector boson ( Z ' ) .	Models with such a Z ' also predict enhancement of same-sign top-pair production in pp or p p-bar collisions .
In the present paper , we generalise the notion of parity and construct parities with coefficients from an abelian group rather than $ \mathbb { Z } _2 $ and investigate them for different knot theories .	For some knot theories we show that there is the universal parity , i.e.\ such a parity that any other parity factors through it .
This finding demonstrates SO coupling in the most straightforward way : in the presence of a transverse electric field the drift velocity of the carriers imposes an effective SO magnetic field .	This effect allows selective tuning of the g-factor by an applied dc current .
section with dual graph given by the complete five-vertex graph , though the construction can be easily generalized to other graphs .	The labels of coherent states are complex $ SL ( 2 , \mathbbm { C } ) $ variables , one for each link of the graph and are computed through a smearing process starting from a continuum extrinsic and intrinsic geometry of the canonical surface .
They form elongated structures of variable thickness , ranging from less than 0.02 pc for those unresolved , up to 0.08 pc .	They are essentially pure velocity structures .
We use different unintegrated gluon distributions from the literature .	The hadronization of heavy quarks is done by means of Peterson and Braaten et al .
The neutral current elastic scattering of neutrinos on Carbon and $ CH_2 $ targets is computed using the relativistic distorted-wave impulse approximation with relativistic optical potential .	Results for exclusive and inclusive neutrino reactions on $ { } ^ { 12 } $ C target are presented .
The spectral fits with this assumption indicate that the continuum emission is likely to be dominated by the non-thermal emission with a cut-off energy at & gt ; 1 keV .	The thermal-to-nonthermal fraction of the continuum flux in the 4-10 keV band is best estimated as ~0.1 .
We estimate the timescales for orbital decay of wide binaries embedded within dark matter halos , due to dynamical friction against the dark matter particles .	We derive analytical scalings for this decay and calibrate and test them through the extensive use of N-body simulations , which accurately confirm the predicted temporal evolution .
In the attractive regime , the spinon is massive while the holon is massless .	The situation is reversed with a repulsive coupling .
We build hybrid systems that translate mostly at the word level and consult the character components for rare words .	Our character-level recurrent neural networks compute source word representations and recover unknown target words when needed .
An expression for time-varying sensitivity coefficients is given , and the Summation and Connectivity Theorems are generalized .	The results are compared to previous treatments .
We find that the stable clustering limit is not reached , but there is a model independent non-linear scaling relation in the asymptotic regime .	This confirms results from an earlier study which only probed the mildly non-linear regime ( $ \bar\xi \leq 40 $ ) .
The priors include beliefs about the nature of the non-random sampling procedure .	Although exact application of the method would be computationally intractable for most realistic datasets , efficient special-case and approximation methods are discussed .
We study the influence of gravitational microlensing on the AGN Fe K-alpha line confirming that unexpected enhancements recently detected in the iron line of some AGNs can be produced by this effect .	We use a ray tracing method to study the influence of microlensing in the emission coming from a compact accretion disc considering both geometries , Schwarzschild and Kerr .
The recent discovery of the putative 125-GeV Higgs boson has motivated a number of attempts to reconcile its relatively large mass with the predictions of the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( MSSM ) .	Some approaches invoked large trilinear supersymmetry-breaking terms A_t between stops and one of the elementary Higgs fields .
The first statement extends a recent result of Halasi and Podoski and the second statement generalizes a theorem of Seress .	An extension of a theorem of P\'alfy and Wolf is also given .
Grand unified theories can lead to non-universal boundary conditions for the gaugino masses at the unification scale .	We consider the implications of such non-universal boundary conditions for the composition of the lightest neutralino as well as for the upper bound on its mass in the simplest supersymmetric grand unified theory based on the SU ( 5 ) gauge group .
Primary techniques to deal with this are based on precise vertex and track reconstruction .	Outside tracker acceptances , however , lie regions of interest for many aspects of the LHC physics program .
Various details on the form of the ansatz have been deduced by using the so called shadow formalism .	The complexity of the conformal blocks depends on the value of p=|l-\bar l | and grows with p , in analogy to what happens to scalar conformal blocks in d even space-time dimensions as d increases .
{ \bf Theorem 1.1 . }	{ \sl Let $ E $ be an arbitrary L-space and $ F $ be an arbitrary Banach lattice with Levi norm .
Second , I consider the simplest case of K=1 and show that the \gamma^\mu\psi_\mu =0 constraint of the Rarita-Schwinger framework is a short-hand of : - 1/3 ( 1/m^2 W^2 +3/4 ) \psi_\mu = \psi_\mu , the covariant definition of the unique invariant subspace of the squared Pauli-Lubanski vector , W^2 , that is a parity singlet and of highest spin-3/2 at rest .	I suggest to work in the 16 dimensional vector spinor space \Psi= A *\psi rather than keeping Lorentz and spinor indices separated and show that the above second order equation guarantees the covariant description of a has-been spin-3/2 states at rest without invoking further supplementary conditions .
They call this equation on the base the $ m $ -Quasi Einstein equation , but we will also call it the $ ( \lambda , n+m ) $ -Einstein equation .	In this paper we extend the work of Case-Shu-Wei and some earlier work of Kim-Kim to allow the base to have non-empty boundary .
Thus they allow to verify entanglement of many qubits in experiments while requiring only a small effort .	In contrast , usual methods need an effort which increases exponentially with the number of qubits .
We investigate the effects of one possible feedback loop , where \gamma-rays produced by photopion processes are being quenched whenever their compactness increases above a critical level .	This causes a spontaneous creation of soft photons in the system that result in further proton cooling and more production of \gamma-rays , thus making the loop operate .
The DAMA/LIBRA experiment searches for evidence of Dark Matter scattering off nuclei .	Data from DAMA show 9.2 sigma evidence for an annual modulation , consistent with Dark Matter having a cross section around 2x10^ ( -40 ) cm^2 .
Since binary frequencies in the birth places of stars , young embedded clusters , are sometimes even higher than on average the question arises of how binary stars form in young dense star clusters and how their properties evolve to those observed in the field population .	Aims : We assess , the influence of stellar dynamical interactions on the primordial binary population in young dense cluster environments .
Cognitive radio is a paradigm for wireless communication in which either a network or a wireless node changes its transmission or reception parameters to communicate efficiently avoiding interference with licensed or unlicensed users .	In this work , a fuzzy logic based system for spectrum management is proposed where the radio can share unused spectrum depending on some parameters like distance , signal strength , node velocity and availability of unused spectrum .
Sparse random matrices are exploited to reduce the communication cost in forwarding information to a fusion center .	The presence of channel fading leads to inhomogeneity and non Gaussian statistics in the effective measurement matrix that relates the measurements collected at the fusion center and the sparse signal being observed .
The pipeline combines multiple images from the MegaCam mosaic camera on CFHT and combines them into a single output image .	MegaPipe takes as input detrended MegaCam images and does a careful astrometric and photometric calibration on them .
In this state , the gas presents a longer coherence length than the thermal cloud ; it is quasi-condensed but is not superfluid .	Experimental evidence indicates that we observe the superfluid transition ( BKT transition ) .
We derive the analogous kinetic equation for lfsm and show that it has a diffusion coefficient with a power law in time rather than having a fractional time derivative like the CTRW .	We discuss some preliminary results on the scaling of burst `` sizes '' and `` durations '' in lfsm time series , with applications to modelling existing observations in space physics and elsewhere .
They also define a new measure of information which is inherently different from the Shannon information and try to show that the latter is not useful in defining the information content in a quantum object .	Here , we show that there are serious problems in their approach which make their efforts unsatisfactory .
The scale-free model of Barabasi and Albert gave rise to a burst of activity in the field of complex networks .	In this paper , we revisit one of the main assumptions of the model , the preferential attachment rule .
Two different forms of this relation are considered : one for promotional marketing and the other for preventive marketing .	In each case a sound and complete logical system describing properties of the influence relation is proposed .
The result was known when the measures on the box $ [ -n , n ] ^d $ ( with free boundary conditions ) satisfied the same logarithmic Sobolev inequality .	We generalize this in two directions : either the constants may be allowed to grow sub-linearly in the diameter , or we may suppose a weaker inequality than log-Sobolev , but stronger than Poincar\'e .
We carry out adaptive mesh refinement ( AMR ) cosmological simulations of Milky-Way mass halos in order to investigate the formation of disk-like galaxies in a { \Lambda } -dominated Cold Dark Matter model .	We evolve a suite of five halos to z = 0 and find gaseous-disk formation in all ; however , in agreement with previous SPH simulations ( that did not include a subgrid feedback model ) , the rotation curves of all halos are centrally peaked due to a massive spheroidal component .
It is observed that the ageing is accompanied by an increase in the complex viscosity .	The succeeding creep experiments performed at various ages showed damped oscillations in the strain .
Poincare algebra is described next where the explicit expressions for the Poincare generators of free scalar theory in terms of the field operators and Fock space operators are also given .	Next , to illustrate the idea of Fock space description of bound states and to analyze some of the simple relativistic features of bound systems without getting into the wilderness of light-front renormalization , Quantum Electrodynamics in one space - one time dimensions is discussed along with the consideration of anomaly in this model .
In this paper , we investigate the asymptotic spectrum of complex or real Deformed Wigner matrices $ ( M_N ) _N $ defined by $ M_N=W_N/\sqrt { N } +A_N $ where $ W_N $ is an $ N\times N $ Hermitian ( resp. , symmetric ) Wigner matrix whose entries have a symmetric law satisfying a Poincar\ ' { e } inequality .	The matrix $ A_N $ is Hermitian ( resp. , symmetric ) and deterministic with all but finitely many eigenvalues equal to zero .
Legacy codes suffer from the additional curse of rigid design choices based on outdated performance metrics ( e.g.minimization of memory footprint ) .	Using a representative code from the Materials Science community , we propose a methodology to restructure the most expensive operations in terms of an optimized combination of dense linear algebra kernels .
In the framework of large deviation theory , this observation allows us to introduce NE thermodynamic potentials .	For continuous-time Markov chains , we identify the relevant pairs of conjugated variables and propose two NE ensembles : one with fixed dynamics and fluctuating time-averaged variables , and another with fixed time-averaged variables , but a fluctuating dynamics .
We further show how the bands form , that they scale with the thickness of the drying layer , and that they are eliminated by the addition of salt to the drying dispersions .	Finally , we reveal the origins of these bands in the compressive forces associated with drying , and show how they affect the optical properties ( birefringence ) of colloidal films and coatings .
The short range ordered magnetic correlations have been studied in half doped La0.5Ca0.5-xSrxMnO3 ( x = 0.1 , 0.3 and 0.4 ) compounds by polarized neutron scattering technique .	On doping Sr2+ for Ca2+ ion , these compounds with x = 0.1 , 0.3 , and 0.4 exhibit CE-type , mixture of CE-type and A-type , and A-type antiferromagnetic ordering , respectively .
The result is consistent with the previous expectation that the identity-based marginal solution has vanishing energy regardless of the values of the parameter .	We also study the marginal branch ( M-branch ) and the vacuum branch ( V-branch ) and evaluate not only the vacuum energy but also the gauge invariant overlaps with the graviton and the closed tachyon .
We successfully tested a laser frequency comb system on the Ultra-High Resolution Facility spectrograph at the Anglo-Australian Telescope .	By modelling the 2-dimensional comb signal recorded in a single CCD exposure , we find that the average IPS deviates by & lt ; 8 per cent if it is assumed to vary symmetrically about the pixel centre .
Here we present the discovery of high-redshift sub-DLAs based on 17 z & gt ; 4 quasar spectra observed with the Ultraviolet-Visual Echelle Spectrograph ( UVES ) on VLT .	This sample is composed of 21 new sub-DLAs which , together with another 10 systems from previous ESO archive studies , make up a homogeneous sample .
Wigner and Husimi transforms have long been used for the phase-space reformulation of Schr\ '' odinger-type equations , and the study of the corresponding semiclassical limits .	Most of the existing results provide approximations in appropriate weak topologies .
We study gravitational curvature effects in circular and radial geodesics in static , spherically symmetric space-times , using Fermi normal coordinates .	We first set up these coordinates in the general case , and then use this to study effective magnetic fields due to gravitational curvature in the exterior and interior Schwarzschild , Janis-Newman-Winicour , and Bertrand space-times .
We find that the emission is not entirely dominated by the forward shock nor by a smooth `` bright ring '' at the reverse shock .	Instead we find that the $ & gt ; $ 15 keV emission is dominated by knots near the center of the remnant and dimmer filaments near the remnant 's outer rim .
We present a variety of tests , which appear as relations among observables involving flavour violation or chirality flips and rely on the techniques of top polarimetry , charm-tagging , or Higgs detection from cascade decays .	We discuss the cases of natural Supersymmetry and top-charm Supersymmetry as example cases .
There always has been a tradeoff between throughput and energy consumption , but stationary topology of WMNs and high node density of WSN 's benefit the algorithms to consider quality-aware routing to choose the best routes .	In this paper , we analytically review ongoing research on wireless routing metrics which are based on ETX ( Expected Transmission Count ) as it performs better than minimum hop count under link availability .
Previously , we created a multiple-response version of an existing , validated , upper-division electrostatics diagnostic with the goal of increasing the instrument 's potential for large-scale implementation .	Here , we report on the validity and reliability of this new version as an independent instrument .
For a no-charged black hole , the singularity in the Schwarzschild horizon can not be removed by coordinate transformation .	Hence , no matter can enter the horizon , and the interior part of the black hole is separated from the rest of the Universe .
27 ( 1971 ) 19-23 ] .	A connection to a result of \u { S } emrl is pointed out .
This paper presents an approach to externally influencing a team of robots by means of time-varying density functions .	These density functions represent rough references for where the robots should be located .
Applying then the residue theory to Mellin-Barnes integrals , we infer the system asymptotic behavior for different channel parameters .	As the bivariate Meijer-G function is involved in the analysis , we propose a new and fast MATLAB implementation enabling an automated definition of the complex integration contour .
The filament eruption was associated with a relatively slow coronal mass ejection ( CME ) .	The filament consisted of a large and a small part , both parts erupted nearly simultaneously .
Yet , the purpose of this paper is to focus on the second aspect , the converse of the first , the application of cryptography to game theory .	Chiefly , there exist a branch of non-cooperative games which have a correlated equilibrium as their solution .
This article presents a detailed description of the \minerva detector and describes the { \em ex situ } and { \em in situ } techniques employed to characterize the detector and monitor its performance .	The detector is comprised of a finely-segmented scintillator-based inner tracking region surrounded by electromagnetic and hadronic sampling calorimetry .
We observed the prototype blazar , BL Lacertae , extensively in optical and radio bands during an active phase in the period 2010 -- 2013 when the source showed several prominent outbursts .	We searched for possible correlations and time lags between the optical and radio band flux variations using multifrequency data to learn about the mechanisms producing variability .
The cosmological evolution of neutrino energy densities driven by cosmon-type field equations is introduced assuming that active and sterile neutrinos are intrinsically connected by cosmon fields through the { \em seesaw } mechanism .	Interpreting sterile neutrinos as dark matter adiabatically coupled with dark energy results in a natural decoupling of ( active ) mass varying neutrino ( MaVaN ) equations .
The gaps close as the temperature is increased to the bulk $ T_c $ indicating that the surface accurately represents the bulk .	A dip-hump structure is observed below $ T_c $ with an energy scale consistent with a magnetic resonance recently reported by inelastic neutron scattering .
Tunneling of a quasibound state is a non-smooth process in the entangled many-body case .	Using time-evolving block decimation , we show that repulsive ( attractive ) interactions speed up ( slow down ) tunneling , which occurs in bursts .
Context .	A porous and/or fractal description can generally be applied where particles have undergone coagulation into aggregates.Aims .
Any derivation of the individual masses is therefore uncertain , if not questionable .	And yet , that does not prevent this system from being used for calibration purpose in several studies.Aims .
This revised GLFT theory yields non-trivial corrections because it now includes the full on-shell Hilbert space without adopting the truncations in the original theory .	Comparisons of the semi-analytical GLFT Stark spectra with { \it ab initio } numerical simulations yields errors in the range of a few tens of MHz , an improvement over the original Fano-Harmin theory whose errors are 10-100 times larger .
In this region , the stop trilinear soft term is large , leading to a significant mass splitting between the two stop mass eigenstates .	As a result , the decay of the heavier stop into the lighter stop and a Z boson is kinematically allowed throughout the golden region .
An n-core partition is an integer partition whose Young diagram contains no hook lengths equal to n. We consider partitions that are simultaneously a-core and b-core for two relatively prime integers a and b .	These are related to abacus diagrams and the combinatorics of the affine symmetric group ( type A ) .
Compressive misfit strains stimulate appearance of the spontaneous in-plane structural order parameter .	Gradients of the structural order parameter components , which inevitably exist in the vicinity of film surfaces due to the termination and symmetry breaking , induce improper polarization and pyroelectric response via the flexoelectric and rotostriction coupling mechanism .
We prove that the conjugacy classes of roots of the Dehn twist about a nonseparating curve correspond to the conjugacy classes of periodic maps with certain conditions .	Futhermore , we give data set which determine the conjugacy class of a root .
The origin of the quasi two-dimensional behavior of PdCoO2 and PtCoO2 is investigated by means of electronic structure calculations .	They are performed using density functional theory in the generalized gradient approximation as well as the new full-potential augmented spherical wave method .
The exposures were made at BNL , USA and HIMAC , Japan .	The CR39 nuclear track detectors were used to identify the incident and survived beams and their fragments .
These methods are then applied to simplify the formal derivation of the Boltzmann-Peierls equation in the kinetic scaling limit of the discrete nonlinear Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation ( DNLS ) with suitable random initial data .	We also present a reformulation of the standard perturbation expansion using cumulants which could simplify the problem of a rigorous derivation of the Boltzmann-Peierls equation by separating the analysis of the solutions to the Boltzmann-Peierls equation from the analysis of the corrections .
Classical Be stars are an enigmatic subclass of rapidly rotating hot stars characterized by dense equatorial disks of gas that have been inferred to orbit with Keplerian velocities .	Although these disks seem to be ejected from the star and not accreted , there is substantial observational evidence to show that the stars rotate more slowly than required for centrifugally driven mass loss .
For two qubits belonging to Alice and Bob , we derive an approach to setup the bound of Bell operator in the condition that Alice and Bob continue to perform local vertical measurements .	For pure states we find that if the entanglement of the two qubits is less than 0.2644 ( measured with von Neumann entropy ) the violation of the Bell inequality will never be realized , and only when the entanglement is equal to 1 the maximal violation ( $ 2\sqrt { 2 } $ ) can occur .
Our results show that in two dimensions where surface is a line the force $ f_c ( T ) $ increases monotonically as temperature is lowered and becomes almost constant at very low temperatures .	In case of three-dimensions we , however , find re-entrance , i. e. $ f_c ( T ) $ goes through a maximum as temperature is lowered .
In a sample with a maximum oxygen doping $ x $ =6.98 , the electronic part of the relaxation follows a Korringa law in the normal state and strongly decreases below $ T_ { c } $ .	Comparison of the samples with and without Zn doping proved that the superconducting gap opening is responsible for the sharp decrease of Yb $ ^ { 3+ } $ relaxation in YBa $ _ { 2 } $ Cu $ _ { 3 } $ O $ _ { 6.98 } $ .
In order to describe behavior of various liquid-like materials at high pressures , incompressible fluid models with pressure dependent viscosity seem to be a suitable choice .	In the context of implicit constitutive relations involving the Cauchy stress and the velocity gradient these models are consistent with standard procedures of continuum mechanics .
Epitaxial graphene ( EG ) by contrast is grown on an essentially perfect crystalline ( semi-insulating ) surface , and graphene nanostructures with exceptional properties have been realized by a selective growth process on tailored SiC surface that requires no graphene patterning .	However , the temperatures required in this structured growth process are too high for silicon technology .
Including resolved L/T transition binaries in the relations , we find no reason to differentiate between a `` bright '' ( unresolved binary ) and `` faint '' ( single source ) sample across the L/T boundary .	Isolating early T dwarfs , we find that the brightening of T0-T4 sources is prominent in M $ _ { J } $ where there is a [ 1.2 - 1.4 ] magnitude difference .
It is assumed that the only modification of the band structure related to temperature is a dilatation change in the fundamental energy gap .	The dilatation changes of fundamental gaps are calculated for both materials using available experimental data .
In particular we make a detailed study of two-generator groups and discuss the classification of the arithmetic generalised triangle groups ( and their near relatives ) .	This work is mainly based around my collaborations over the last two decades with Fred Gehring and Colin Maclachlan , both of whom passed away in 2012 .
The deflection coefficient of the proposed scheme is shown to depend on the characteristic function of the sensing noise and the error exponent for the system is derived using large deviation theory .	Optimization of the deflection coefficient and error exponent are considered with respect to a transmission phase parameter for a variety of sensing noise distributions including impulsive ones .
We then investigate the possibility of realization of several multidimensional modulations within the same framework .	We also study the phase structure far away from the tricritical point by extending the GL functional expanded up to the eighth order in the order parameter and its spatial derivative .
If structure functions of charm or bottom quarks are used together with a hard process which also allows production of these quarks double counting occurs .	This paper describes the correct procedure and provides two examples of its implimentation in single top and Drell-Yan at the LHC .
To investigate the relationship between radio and gamma-ray emission in extragalactic sources , we have cross-matched the Australia Telescope 20 GHz survey catalog ( AT20G ) with the Fermi-LAT 1 year Point Source Catalog ( 1FGL ) .	The 6.0 sr of sky covered by both catalogs ( { \delta } & lt ; 0\circ , |b| & gt ; 1.\circ 5 ) contains 5890 AT20G radio sources and 604 1FGL gamma-ray sources .
In this paper , we demonstrate by means of a detailed comparison between theory and experiment that the characteristic change of quasiparticle dispersion in crossing T_c in the underdoped cuprates can be understood as being due to phase fluctuations of the superconducting order parameter .	In particular , we show that within a phase fluctuation model the characteristic back-turning BCS bands disappear above T_c whereas the gap remains open .
Photovoltaic paint effectively dissociates from metal dependency and relies on a combination p-n junction diode principle/thermoelectric effect to generate electrical energy from solar exposure .	Replicating the junction is accomplished via multi-polymer layers of crystalline-silica water-based paint with ionic solution concentration gradient overlap , reconstructing the depletion zone and , in thermal respects , construes the thermoelectric effect via replication of a heavily modified thermocouple .
It is widely argued that the derivation requires the validity of the conventional relativistic field theory to arbitrarily high , trans-Planckian scales .	We stress in this note that this is not necessarily the case if the question is presented in a covariant way .
After the war , under his leadership the Cosmic Ray group at MIT investigated the properties of the primary cosmic rays elucidating the processes involved in their propagation through the atmosphere , and measuring the unstable particles generated in the interactions with matter .	When accelerators came to dominate particle physics , Rossi 's attention focused on the new opportunities for exploratory investigations made possible by the availability of space vehicles .
The Coulomb interaction plays a central role in this proposal : ( 1 ) it gaps out all the fermions at the boundary of the system , hence the remaining symmetry protected gapless boundary states only have bosonic charge and spin degrees of freedom ; ( 2 ) based on the conclusion above , we propose that the bulk quantum phase transition between the BSPT and trivial phase , which can be driven by a competition between the out-of-plane magnetic field and electric field , under strong interaction can become a `` bosonic phase transition '' , i.e.only bosonic modes close their gap at the transition .	This transition is fundamentally different from all the well-known topological-trivial transition in the free fermion topological insulators .
We performed the symmetry analysis of the phonon modes at the center of the Brillouin zone .	The structural parameters and phonon modes were calculated using Dmol3 program .
The Fourier-Kelvin Stellar Interferometer ( FKSI ) is a mission concept for a nulling interferometer for the near-to-mid-infrared spectral region .	FKSI is conceived as a mid-sized strategic or Probe class mission .
The modified distribution depends on classical parameters which are determined completely by linearised dynamics around a periodic orbit .	This distribution generalises the scarring theory of Kaplan [ Phys.Rev.Lett .
The lower bounds are obtained from a scheme based on joint encoding across the alternating states .	Given a uniform distribution among the connectivity states , it is shown that the channel has 2+ 1/9 DoF .
We calculate the fraction of slow rotators in the ETG populations ( $ f_ { SR } $ ) of the clusters to be $ 0.21\pm0.08 $ , $ 0.08\pm0.08 $ and $ 0.12\pm0.06 $ for Abell 85 , 168 and 2399 respectively , with an overall fraction of $ 0.15\pm0.04 $ .	These numbers are broadly consistent with the values found in the literature , confirming recent work asserting that the fraction of slow rotators in the ETG population is constant across many orders of magnitude in global environment .
Strong limits on these couplings follow from the earlier neglected contribution due to sneutrino vacuum expectation values .	The limits on most of the $ \lambda'_ { 1jk } $ couplings derived here are stronger than the existing ones for a wide range in parameters of MSSM .
A fermion realization of the compact symplectic sp ( 4 ) algebra provides a natural framework for studying isovector pairing correlations in nuclei .	While these correlations manifest themselves most clearly in the binding energies of 0^+ ground states , they also have a large effect on the energies of excited states , including especially excited 0^+ states .
The new DMS is a soft magnetic material with HC & lt ; 400 Oe .	The anomalous Hall effect is observed below the ferromagnetic ordering temperature .
In particular , this field potential is investigated for the matter contents like barotropic fluid , the cosmological constant and Chaplygin gas .	It is concluded that for a given value of Hubble parameter , one can reconstruct the scalar potentials which can generate the cosmology motivated by these matter contents .
Suppose that the only available information in a multi-class problem are expert estimates of the conditional probabilities of occurrence for a set of binary features .	The aim is to select a subset of features to be measured in subsequent data collection experiments .
The representation of magnetic and quadrupolar moments by means of quasispins of two kinds is employed .	A linear increase of the quadrupolar transition temperature T_Q ( H ) with applied magnetic field and its further re-entrance are described using a generalized spherical model which is well adjusted to a particular problem of the quadrupolar ordering in CeB_6 .
Some of the limiting cases of our solutions are identified with already known metrics , the relations among various limits are illustrated through a limiting diagram .	We also verify our calculation through the Ernst potentials .
We investigate the effect of helium enrichment on the evolution and nucleosynthesis of low-mass asymptotic giant branch ( AGB ) stars of 1.7Msun and 2.36Msun with a metallicity of Z=0.0006 ( [ Fe/H ] = -1.4 ) .	We calculate evolutionary sequences with the primordial helium abundance ( Y = 0.24 ) and with helium-enriched compositions ( Y = 0.30 , 0.35 , 0.40 ) .
We prove a convergence in distribution of $ n^ { -1/4 } ( X ( T_n ) -\sqrt { 2n } \Theta ) $ towards a random mixture of Gaussian variables .	The proofs use martingale limit theory for random processes defined on the CRT , related to the theory of records of Poisson point processes .
Distributed resources ( wind and solar generation , combined heat and power ) and flexible loads ( storage , computing , EV , HVAC ) make it imperative to increase investment and improve operational efficiency .	Commercial and residential buildings , being the largest energy consumption group among flexible loads in microgrids , have the largest potential and flexibility to provide demand side management .
The representations are constructed using properties of the underlying Poisson point process of the jumps of $ X $ .	Apart from providing insight into the connections between $ X $ , $ V $ , and their maximal jump processes , they enable investigation of a great variety of limiting behaviours .
The degree of the coupling can be controlled by adjusting the light polarization .	In addition , we present the coupling of light into multiple nanowires from a single optical fiber taper simultaneously .
He proved that a locally transitive SL ( 2 ) -action on a normal affine three-dimensional variety X is uniquely determined by a pair ( p/q , r ) , where 0 & lt ; p/q & lt ; =1 is an uncancelled fraction and r is a positive integer .	Here r is the order of the stabilizer of a generic point .
Four of the HI clouds previously detected are confirmed .	The two largest HI features are coincident with and concentrated mainly along separate large tidal tails that extend eastward .
We propose a new strategy to decode color codes , which is based on the projection of the error onto three surface codes .	This provides a method to transform every decoding algorithm of surface codes into a decoding algorithm of color codes .
In the general case , the gravitational radiation is emitted at two frequencies : $ \Omega $ and $ 2\Omega $ , where $ \Omega $ is the rotation frequency .	The obtained formul\ae\ are applied to the specific case of a neutron star distorted by its own magnetic field .
However , up to now , the actual interesting possibility to identify the interacting particle , and thus to greatly reduce the background , can be fulfilled only with a double read-out ( i.e.the simultaneous and independent read out of heat and scintillation light or heat and ionization ) .	This double read-out could greatly complicate the assembly of a huge , multi-detector array , such as CUORE and EURECA .
This paper presents FPGA based implementation of MEL filter bank and BARK filter bank with different bandwidths and different signal spectrum ranges .	The designs have been implemented using VHDL , simulated and verified using Xilinx 11.1.For each filter bank , the basic building block is implemented in Spartan 3E .
As an application of our results , we will classify all bipartite graphs in which the second ( symbolic ) powers are Cohen-Macaulay ( resp .	Buchsbaum , generalized Cohen-Macaulay ) .
In this paper we study the performance of improved Monte Carlo algorithms for simulating crystalline membrane , such as hybrid overrelaxation and unigrid methods , and compare their performance to the more traditional Metropolis algorithm .	We find that although the overrelaxation algorithm does not reduce the critical slowing down , it gives an overall gain of a factor 15 over the Metropolis algorithm .
Shortward of Ly_alpha , there also are a few permitted lines of species from low to intermediate ionization .	Ton 34 ( z=1.928 ) exhibits the steepest far-UV continuum decline known ( Fnu propto nu^ { -5.3 } ) shortward of 1050A .
For the case of the $ AdS_5 $ Schwarzschild black hole , we explicitly study the leading correction to the Bekenstein-Hawking entropy in the presence of a variety of higher derivative corrections studied in the literature , including the Type IIB $ R^4 $ term .	We find a non-trivial agreement between the two approaches in every case .
We present also a simple quantum mechanical model which shares many features of the system consisting of parent and baby universes .	In this simple model , we show that quantum coherence is completely lost and obtain the equation for the effective density matrix of the ''parent universe '' .
Here we present the first detector of this kind .	The detector element is a GaAs-based field effect transistor operated at room temperature .
Using the Schwinger model as an exactly tractable but nontrivial example which exhibits general features of gauge quantum field theory , I cover the following subjects : The axiomatics of quantum field theory , formulation of quantum field theory in terms of Wightman functions , reconstruction of the state space , the local formulation of gauge theories , indefiniteness of the Wightman functions in general and in the special case of the Schwinger model , the state space of the Schwinger model , special features of the model .	New results are contained in the Mathematical Appendix , where I consider in an abstract setting the Pontrjagin space structure of a special class of indefinite inner product spaces - the so called quasi-positive ones .
It is essential in order to construct Triad operators that enter the Hamiltonian constraint and which become densely defined operators on the full Hilbert space even though in the classical theory the triad becomes singular when classical GR breaks down .	The expression for the volume and triad operators derives from the quantisation of the fundamental electric flux operator of LQG by a complicated regularisation procedure .
Patrias and Pylyavskyy introduced shifted Hecke insertion as an application of their theory of dual filtered graphs .	We use shifted Hecke insertion to construct symmetric function representatives for the K-theory of the orthogonal Grassmannian .
The kinematical state space of the variational formalism of an elementary particle is necessarily a homogeneous space of the kinematical group of spacetime symmetries .	By assuming Poincare invariance we have already described a model of a classical spinning particle which satisfies Dirac 's equation when quantized .
We find that the surface chemical composition of the secondary star may give additional information which helps to understand the formation of soft X-ray transients with black holes as accretors .	We show that observations of isotope ratios $ ^ { 12 } C/^ { 13 } C $ , $ ^ { 14 } N/^ { 15 } N $ and $ ^ { 16 } O/^ { 17 } O $ with comparison to computed sequences allow estimates independent from spectroscopy of the mass of the secondary component .
Fibre beading resulting from the spinning of low-concentration polymer solutions can be reduced with the addition of surfactant or sodium chloride .	Characterisation techniques including X-ray diffraction , scanning- and transmission electron microscopy have been used to quantify the effect of the graphitisation process , by heat treatment up to 3000 deg .
Here is shown a strong dependence of the shot noise on : ( i ) the length of the polymeric chain and ( ii ) the strength of the molecule-to-electrodes coupling .	In particular , detailed discussion of Poissonian to sub-Poissonian crossover in the noise spectra is included .
Optimal training sounds the channel using orthogonal beamforming vectors to find an estimate that optimizes some cost function , such as mean square error .	As the number of transmit antennas increases , however , the training overhead becomes significant .
It has been shown that all divergences in the gravitational action of the dimensionally reduced spacetime can be removed by the addition of local counterterms on the boundary .	Here we attempt to formulate the counterterm action directly in ten dimensions for a particular class of solutions , the $ { \cal N } = 0 $ Polchinski-Strassler solutions , which are dual to an $ { \cal N } =4 $ SYM theory perturbed by mass terms for all scalars and spinors .
Although we are able to fit a variety of X-ray spectral models to these data , we favor an interpretation of the X-ray spectrum as being due to an accretion disk viewed at large inclination angles .	Evidence for this hypothesis includes long term ( 117 day , 235 day , 352 day ) periodicities seen by the RXTE All Sky Monitor ( ASM ) , which we interpret as being due to a warped precessing disk , and a 1 keV feature in the ASCA data , which we interpret as being the blend of L fluorescence features from a disk atmosphere or wind .
Folkman proved the existence of these graphs in 1970 , and they are now called Folkman graphs .	Erd\H { o } s offered \ $ 100 for deciding if one exists with less than $ 10^ { 10 } $ vertices .
Our result demonstrates that a Gaussian beam superposition with $ k $ -th order beams converges to the exact solution as $ O ( \varepsilon^ { k/2-s } ) $ in order $ s $ Sobolev norms .	This result is valid in any number of spatial dimensions and it is unaffected by the presence of caustics in the solution .
This problem is particularly acute when the lightest state in the electroweak multiplet is neutral and all multiplet components are approximately degenerate .	In this scenario , production of the charged fields of the multiplet is followed by decay into nearly invisible states ; if this decay occurs promptly , the only way to infer the presence of the reaction is through its missing energy signature .
The semiempirical approximation was constructed based on the results of the \textit { ab initio } caculation .	The approximation yields the dependences $ \sigma_ { 1_\mathrm { DC } } \propto1/T_i^ { 0.25 } $ and $ K\propto T_e/T_i^ { 0.25 } $ for the static electrical conductivity and thermal conductivity , respectively .
In this paper , optimal packet scheduling for energy harvesting 2-user Gaussian MAC with common data is achieved by assuming deterministic knowledge of the data and energy packets , i.e. , offline solution .	The optimum departure region is found by using Karush- Kuhn-Tucker ( KKT ) conditions generalizing the solutions obtained for the MAC without common data .
An algo- rithm is established to decompose the graph associated to such matrix .	There are finite many graph with non-unique decomposition .
In an earlier paper [ K. K. Saha and A. Mookerjee , Phys.Rev .	B 70 ( 2004 ) ( in press ) or , cond-mat/0403456 ] we had presented a formulation for the calculation of the configuration-averaged optical conductivity in random alloys .
Consistent model calculations of the line and continuum spectra show that , although the radiation from the stars dominates , an active galactic nucleus ( AGN ) is clearly present , with a radiation maximum in the Sgr A* region .	The flux , similar to that found for low luminosity AGN ( LLAGN ) , is lower by a factor of about 100 than that of AGN .
In this work , we present the results of a research of solar twins performed for the first time in a open cluster , namely M67 .	Our analysis allowed us to find five solar twins and also to derive a solar colour of ( B-V ) 0=0.649+/-0.016 and a cluster distance modulus of 9.63+/-0.08 .
Competition between surface tension and electron-shell effects leads to a rich stability diagram , with fingers of stability extending to extremely high temperatures for certain magic conductance values .	The linearized dynamics of the nanowire 's surface are investigated , including both acoustic surface phonons and surface self-diffusion of atoms .
The distributions of degrees and node strengthes are scale-free .	The weight distributions can be well modeled by the Weibull distribution .
An origami ( also known as square-tiled surface ) is a Riemann surface covering a torus with at most one branch point .	Lifting two generators of the fundamental group of the punctured torus decomposes the surface into finitely many unit squares .
To this end using the properties of the star product we derive the corresponding probability current density and prove its conservation .	The energy-momentum tensor for the free noncommutative spinor field is calculated .
SRr needs a flat text input file where the mining process to be performed .	SRr reads input file and derives the high quality information from it .
We present a novel measure of similarity between nodes in different networks as a generalization of the concept of self-similarity .	A similarity matrix is assembled as the distance between feature vectors that contain the in and out paths of all lengths for each node .
Moreover in the $ g=1 $ case the relations between their phase spaces , and therefore between their quantizations , are given in almost the same form as that in the case when the cosmological constant vanishes .	There are , however , some modifications , the most remarkable one of which is that the phase space of the CSG is in 1 to 2 correspondence with the one of the ADM when the cosmological constant is negative .
They are labelled by a pair $ a , b $ of positive integers , and geometrically related to $ \mathbf { Z } _a\times\mathbf { Z } _b $ orbifolds of local $ \mathbf { CP } ^1 $ geometry of the $ \mathcal { O } ( 0 ) \oplus\mathcal { O } ( -2 ) $ and $ \mathcal { O } ( -1 ) \oplus\mathcal { O } ( -1 ) $ types .	The partition functions have a fermionic expression in terms of charged free fermions .
Thus , attractive protein-protein interactions of non-electrostatic origin must act to enable the capsid formation .	We investigate whether the interplay of repulsive electrostatic and attractive interactions between the protein subunits can result in the formation of spherical viral capsids of a preferred radius .
In the ordered state the spectra quickly broaden inhomogeneously with doping .	We extract the average size of the ordered moment as a function of doping , and show that a model in which the order remains commensurate but with local amplitude variations in the vicinity of the dopant fully explains our observations .
We consider the reduced density matrix of a large block of consecutive spins in the ground states of the XY spin chain on an infinite lattice .	We derive the spectrum of the density matrix using the expression of the Renyi entropy in terms of modular functions .
The well-known particular cases of this system are zero-pressure gas dynamics in a standard form $ $ \rho_t + \nabla\cdot ( \rho U ) =0 , \quad ( \rho U ) _t + \nabla\cdot ( \rho U\otimes U ) =0 , $ $ and in the relativistic form $ $ \rho_t + \nabla\cdot ( \rho C ( U ) ) =0 , \quad ( \rho U ) _t + \nabla\cdot ( \rho U\otimes C ( U ) ) =0 , $ $ where $ C ( U ) =\frac { c_0U } { \sqrt { c_0^2+|U|^2 } } $ , $ c_0 $ is the speed of light .	We introduce the integral identities which constitute definition of $ \delta $ -shocks for the above systems and using this definition derive the Rankine -- Hugoniot conditions for curvilinear $ \delta $ -shocks .
The securities may not be sufficient to span all sources of uncertainty .	If the agents have exponential utility functions and the individual endowments are spanned by the securities , an equilibrium exists and the agents ' optimal trading strategies are constant .
This is the second in a series of papers which consider the orbifolds of permutation-type as candidates for new physical string systems at higher central charge .	In the first paper , I worked out the extended actions of the twisted sectors of these orbifolds -- which exhibit new permutation-twisted world-sheet gravities and correspondingly extended diffeomorphism groups .
The direction of the Crab pulsar was observed for a total of 73.4 hours between 1994 November and 1997 March .	During this period the Whipple 10 m telescope was operated at its lowest energy threshold to date .
This paper addresses these two problems as follows .	Firstly , a numerical approach is used to project the governing equations onto a divergence-free basis , thus converting a system of differential-algebraic equations into one of ordinary differential equations .
The period-change behaviour of 134 RR Lyrae stars in the globular cluster Messier 3 ( M3 ) is investigated on the ~120-year time base of the photometric observations .	The mean period-change rates ( \beta \approx 0.01 d Myr^-1 ) of the subsamples of variables exhibiting the most regular behaviour are in good agreement with theoretical expectations based on Horizontal-Branch stellar evolution models .
It is well known that an ( n , k ) code can be used to store 'k ' units of information in 'n ' unit-capacity disks of a distributed data storage system .	If the code used is maximum distance separable ( MDS ) , then the system can tolerate any ( n-k ) disk failures , since the original information can be recovered from any k surviving disks .
Evaluating the static spin susceptibility to leading order in the coupling between the fermions and the fluctuating ferromagnetic order parameter , we find that the ferromagnetic quantum critical point is masked by an incommensurate , longitudinal spin density wave phase .	We first analyze an idealized model which , despite having strong spin-orbit coupling , still possesses O ( 3 ) rotational symmetry generated by the total angular momentum operator .
Studying both , we look for final states comprising at least one lepton , jets and missing transverse energy .	We consider all the SM processes that could conspire to contribute as background to our signals , and perform a full detector level simulation of the signal and background to estimate the discovery potential at the current run as well as at the scheduled upgrade of the LHC .
We have undertaken high-resolution follow-up of a sample of high velocity HI clouds apparently associated with M31 .	Our sample was chosen from the population of high-velocity clouds ( HVCs ) detected out to 50 kpc projected radius of the Andromeda Galaxy by Thilker et al .
Using these methods , we compute the average number of stationary points while changing the topology of the PEL as well as the variance .	Histograms of these stationary points are presented along with an analysis regarding the complex stationary points .
We investigate the observability , by direct and indirect means , of a shock precursor arising from magnetic field amplification by cosmic rays .	We estimate the depth of such a precursor under conditions of nonresonant amplification , which can provide magnetic field strengths comparable to those inferred for supernova remnants .
The $ f^q $ -minimal martingale measure $ Q_q $ is defined as that equivalent local martingale measure for $ \mathcal { E } ( L ) $ which minimizes the $ f^q $ -divergence $ E [ ( dQ/dP ) ^q ] $ for fixed $ q\in ( -\infty,0 ) \cup ( 1 , \infty ) $ .	We give necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of $ Q_q $ and an explicit formula for its density .
In absence of magnetic field , thermopower increases and thermal conductivity decreases with increase of the hybridization energy .	In presence of magnetic field perpendicular to the ultra-thin topological insulator , thermoelectric coefficients exhibit quantum oscillations with inverse magnetic field , whose frequency is strongly modified by the Zeeman energy and phase factor is governed by the product of the Lande g-factor and the hybridization energy .
The magnetic susceptibility which results from the fluctuations of the uniform superconducting order parameter is diamagnetic ( paramagnetic ) when the renormalized combined interaction is attractive ( repulsive ) .	Above the transition temperature of the bulk the total magnetic susceptibility has contributions from many wave-vector- and ( Matsubara ) frequency-dependent order parameter fluctuations .
The proof is based on an extension of methods developed in \cite { JNPS-2012 } and \cite { JNPS-2014 } in the case of kick forced dissipative PDE 's with parabolic regularisation property such as , for example , the Navier-Stokes system and the complex Ginzburg-Landau equations .	We also show that a high concentration towards the stationary measure is impossible , by proving that the rate function that governs the LDP can not have the trivial form ( i.e. , vanish on the stationary measure and be infinite elsewhere ) .
31 ( 1999 ) 601 -- 606 ] .	These processes exhibit their most interesting behavior at times of order $ \log N $ so it is necessary to establish a fluid limit that is valid for large times .
Invertible universal R-matrices of quantum Lie algebras do not exist at roots of unity .	There exist however quotients for which intertwiners of tensor products of representations always exist , i.e.R-matrices exist in the representations .
A problem of monoenergetic particles pulse reflection from half-infinite stratified medium is considered in conditions of elastic scattering with absorbtion account .	The theory is based on multiple scattering series solution of Kolmogorov equation for one-particle distribution function .
For the simple metals silver and alu- minum , we show that the intraband plasmon dispersion has an unexpected downward slope and is therefore markedly different from the results of an effective-mass electron-gas model and the full plasmon dispersion .	For the two Heusler compounds Co2FeSi and Co2MnSi , we present spectra for the dielectric function , their loss functions and plasmon dispersions .
A generic $ ( r , s ) $ -- erasure correcting set generates for all codes of codimension $ r $ a parity check matrix that allows iterative decoding of all correctable erasure patterns of size $ s $ or less .	The problem is to derive bounds on the minimum size $ F ( r , s ) $ of generic erasure correcting sets and to find constructions for such sets .
The yields are computed using an updated reaction rate network that includes the latest NeNa and MgAl proton capture rates , with the main result that between ~6 to 30 times less Na is produced by intermediate-mass models with hot bottom burning .	In low-mass AGB models we investigate the effect on the production of light elements of including some partial mixing of protons into the intershell region during the deepest extent of each third dredge-up episode .
Topology optimisation proves effective in this framework , showing that posts with a branching cross-section are optimal , which is consistent with several biologic strategies to achieve superhydrophobicity .	Through a filtering technique , we can also control the characteristic length scale of the optimal design , thus obtaining feasible geometries
Instead , we explore a different concept of generalised synchronisation in terms of ( coexisting ) synchronised solutions for the forced system , their basins of attraction and instabilities .	We propose a clustering technique to compute the number of synchronised solutions , each of which corresponds to a different paleoclimate history .
The proposed mechanism gives a solution for degradation issue and its implementation is not complicated .	Finally , the implemented cipher includes 8 stages and 2 pseudo-random number generators ( PRNG ) , such cipher was tested using NIST testes .
Based on a density functional approach , this study proposes three methods of predicting the PMF for any temperature based on a single molecular dynamics simulation for one temperature .	The three methods construct the PMF by considering the ligands as an ideal gas , as hard-sphere chains , or as Lennard-Jones interaction sites .
One of the most important predictions in magnetohydrodynamics ( MHD ) is that in the presence of a uniform magnetic field $ \textbf { b } _ { 0 } $ a transition from weak to strong wave turbulence should occur when going from large to small perpendicular scales .	This transition is believed to be a universal property of several anisotropic turbulent systems .
ZnAs2 nanoclusters were fabricated by incorporation into pores of zeolite Na-X and by laser ablation .	Absorption and photoluminescence spectra of ZnAs2 nanoclusters in zeolite were measured at the temperatures of 4.2 , 77 and 293 K. Both absorption and PL spectra consist of two bands which demonstrate the blue shift from the line of free exciton in bulk crystal .
The most common shape found in the simulation resembles that of a flattened cigar .	The physical size of a typical cloud grows with time roughly as $ ( 1+z ) ^ { -3/2 } $ while its shape hardly evolves ( except for the most dense regions $ \rho_ { cut } & gt ; 30 $ ) .
The polymer phase is described on the mesoscopic level using a dumbbell model and its macroscopic velocity is obtained through averaging .	We start by writing down the full phase-space distribution function for the dumbbells and then obtain the inertialess limits for the Fokker-Planck equation and for the averaged friction force acting between the phases from a rigorous asymptotic analysis .
This paper presents an ensemble method for multi-target regression that constructs new target variables via random linear combinations of existing targets .	We discuss the connection of our approach with multi-label classification algorithms , in particular RA $ k $ EL , which originally inspired this work , and a family of recent multi-label classification algorithms that involve output coding .
This article discusses how it may be applied to the understanding of natural vision and the development of computer vision .	The theory , which is described quite fully elsewhere , is described here in outline but with enough detail to ensure that the rest of the article makes sense .
To our knowledge , this is the first demonstration of sampling and inference that takes less compute time than regularized inversion in an inverse problems .	Comparison to random-walk Metropolis-Hastings and block Gibbs MCMC shows that marginal then conditional sampling also outperforms these more common sampling algorithms , having better scaling with problem size .
For $ \nu_ { \mu } \to \nu_ { \tau } $ oscillations , this would results in sensitive limit of $ sin^ { 2 } 2\theta_ { \mu\tau } & lt ; 4 \times 10^ { -6 } $ , assuming the tau neutrino magnetic moment being equal to the present experimental limit of $ 5.4 \times 10^ { -7 } \mu_ { B } $ .	The tau neutrino magnetic moment would be constrained to $ \mu_ { \nu_ { \tau } } & lt ; 1.0 \times 10^ { -8 } \mu_ { B } $ , assuming the existence of $ \nu_ { \mu } \to \nu_ { \tau } $ oscillations with the mixing angle $ sin^ { 2 } 2\theta_ { \mu\tau } $ equal to the present experimental limit of 0.01 for $ \Delta m^ { 2 } & gt ; 10~ eV^ { 2 } $ .\ Under similar assumptions the corresponding limits for $ \nu_ { e } \to \nu_ { \tau } $ oscillations could be set to $ sin^ { 2 } 2\theta_ { e\tau } & lt ; 8 \times 10^ { -6 } $ and $ \mu_ { \nu_ { \tau } } & lt ; 3.9 \times 10^ { -9 } \mu_ { B } $ .
These variables are not observed , yet interact with several of the observed variables .	Detecting hidden variables poses two problems : determining the relations to other variables in the model and determining the number of states of the hidden variable .
For virtual fermions , the expansion confirms published analytical formulae .	For virtual scalars , the result can be used to evaluate the contribution from charged pions .
Coherent control of nuclear pumping in a three level system driven by x-ray light is investigated .	In single nuclei , the pumping performance is determined by the branching ratio of the excited state populated by the x-ray pulse .
The systematic error induced by the mismodelled classical periselenium precession due to the first even zonal harmonic J2 of the Moon 's non-spherical gravitational potential is 3 orders of magnitude larger than the general relativistic gravitoelectric precession .	The estimates of this work could be used for future lunar missions having as their goals relativistic measurements as well .
We resolve a circumstellar disk of diameter 780 AU ( FWHM ) with a velocity pattern consistent with a purely rotational disk at inclination 21.5 degrees and position angle 58.6 degrees .	Using Keplerian disk models , we find a central source dynamical mass of 2.8+-0.1 Msun and a cutoff radius of 615 AU for the 13CO emission .
An important result is the recognition of a plausible pre-starburst phase in some early LIRG mergers ( e.g. , Arp 302 and NGC 6670 ) .	Our initial analysis suggests that a merger-induced starburst phase may not begin before the nuclear separation between the merging galaxies reaches roughly 10 kpc .
B456 ( 1995 ) 473 ] .	Thus , it is proved that i ) for a certain class of second-class systems there exists a standard coupling between the variables of the original phase-space and some extravariables such that we can transform the original system into a one-parameter family of first-class systems ; ii ) the BRST quantization of this family in a standard gauge leads to the same path integral as that of the original system .
Mutualistic interactions benefit both partners , promoting coexistence and genetic diversity .	Spatial structure can promote cooperation , but spatial expansions may also make it hard for mutualistic partners to stay together , since genetic drift at the expansion front creates regions of low genetic and species diversity .
Two different neutrino flavors are represented by two polarization states of a laser beam , whereas the different phase propagation in vacuum is mimicked by the propagation difference of an ordinary and an extraordinary beam in a birefringent crystal .	This allows us to demonstrate neutrino oscillation by optical methods in a fully microscopic way at the particle level .
We detect prominent diffuse 8 micron emission in four of the most luminous galaxies in the sample ( IC 1613 , IC 5152 , NGC 55 , and NGC 3109 ) , low surface brightness emission from four others ( DDO 216 , Sextans A , Sextans B , WLM ) , and no diffuse emission from the remaining objects .	We observe general correlations of the diffuse 8 micron emission with both the current star formation rate and the nebular metallicity of the galaxies in our sample .
This vacuum structure is corroborated by the Monte Carlo method , as well .	Analogies with the structure of solids , the density wave phases and the effects of the quenched impurities are mentioned .
The Pontecorvo-Maki-Nakagava-Sakata ( PMNS ) modified electroweak Lagrangian yields , within the perturbative kinematical procedure in the massive neutrino Fock space , in addition to the Lorentz invariant standard model ( SM ) neutrino and antineutrino cross-sections , also the `` infinitesimal '' neutrino and antineutrino cross-sections some of which are either conserving or violating the Lorentz symmetry as well as also either conserving or violating the flavor symmetry .	Some of these infinitesimal differential cross-sections can be extended into the space oscillation region beyond the collision point .
We carry out appropriate numerical MHD simulations , but resolving simultaneously the relevant large-scale ( mean- ) fields and the corresponding small-scale , turbulent , quantities by means of direct numerical simulations ( DNS ) is not possible .	Hence we investigate the influence of small scale turbulence on large scale MHD processes by utilizing a subgrid-scale ( SGS ) turbulence model .
We show that the running of operators which mix under renormalization can be computed fully non-perturbatively as a product of continuum step scaling matrices .	These step scaling matrices are obtained by taking the `` ratio '' of Z matrices computed at different energies in an RI-MOM type scheme for which twisted boundary conditions are an essential ingredient .
Similar actin gliding speeds and force-velocity curves expected from previous experiments were observed .	Motor force output on an elastic load was regulated by two timescales -- that of their attachment to F-actin , which varied sharply with the ensemble size , motor duty ratio , and external load , and that of force build up , which scaled with ensemble stall force , gliding speed , and load stiffness .
A survey is given of the work on strong regularity for uniform algebras over the last thirty years , and some new results are proved , including the following .	Let A be a uniform algebra on a compact space X and let E be the set of all those points x of X such that A is not strongly regular at x .
Artificial Neural Network ( ANN ) based model is a computational approach commonly used for modeling the complex relationships between input and output parameters .	Prediction of the flow rate of a river is a requisite for any successful water resource management and river basin planning .
With the ever proliferating size and scale of the WWW [ 1 ] efficient ways of exploring content are of increasing importance .	How can we efficiently retrieve information from it through crawling ?
We have explored the nonlinear dynamics of an optomechanical system consisting of an illuminated Fabry-Perot cavity , one of whose end-mirrors is attached to a vibrating cantilever .	Such a system can experience negative light-induced damping and enter a regime of self-induced oscillations .
We make a systematic and comparative study for the LHC and ILC for the electroweakino searches in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model .	We adopt a general bottom-up approach and scan over the parameter regions for all the three cases of the lightest supersymmetric particle being Bino- , Wino- , and Higgsino-like .
We report on VLA HI spectral line observations of five early-type galaxies classified as optically peculiar due to the presence of jets , ripples or other optical `` fine structure '' .	We detect HI within the primary beam ( 30 ' HPBW ) in four of the five systems .
Specifically , we study the weak-to-intermediate system-bath coupling regime at high temperatures $ k_BT/\hbar & gt ; \epsilon $ , with $ \epsilon $ as the characteristic frequency of the two-state system .	The BR formalism and NIBA can lead to close results for the dynamics of the reduced density matrix ( RDM ) in a certain range of parameters .
We show that the assumption that in a metastable state particle currents vanish leads to an expression for the replica off-diagonal direct correlation function in terms of a replica off-diagonal static four-point correlation function .	A factorization approximation for this function results in an approximate closure for the replica off-diagonal direct correlation function .
Electromagnetic metamaterials are a class of materials which have been artificially structured on a subwavelength scale .	They are currently the focus of a great deal of interest because they allow access to previously unrealisable properties like a negative refractive index .
The maximum speed is limited by the maximum acceleration that can be exerted on the ion .	When using controls obtained from classical dynamics for wavepacket propagation , wavepacket squeezing is the only quantum effect that comes into play for a large range of trapping parameters .
From this presentation , we obtain combinatorial lower bounds for the ranks of the Chen groups of A .	We also provide a combinatorial criterion for when these lower bounds are attained .
There are strong indications that non-gravitational energy was extremely important in the formation of low-mass clusters and groups , implying that gravity did not dominate the process on all scales below that of massive , rich clusters .	The data indicate that most of the metals in the universe are not in stars but in the hot gas and thus the use of stars to trace metal formation and evolution misses most of the processed material .
This relatively evolved state for most associations addresses the observed dearth of Halpha emission in some outer disks , as Halpha can only be observed in star forming regions younger than ~10 Myr .	The large age dispersion is robust against variations in extinction ( in the range E ( B-V ) =0-0.3 mag ) and variations in the upper end of the stellar Initial Mass Function ( IMF ) .
To the best of our knowledge today , this process was driven by the ultra-violet radiation from young , star-forming galaxies and from first quasars .	We review the current observational constraints on cosmic reionization , as well as the dominant physical effects that control the ionization of intergalactic gas .
Using the Effelsberg 100-m telescope , absorption in the ( J , K ) = ( 1,1 ) , ( 2,2 ) and ( 3,3 ) inversion lines of ammonia ( NH_3 ) was detected at a redshift of z = 0.6847 toward the gravitational lens system B0218+357 .	The lambda ~ 2cm absorption peaks at 0.5-1.0 % of the continuum level and appears to cover a smaller fraction of the radio continuum background than lines at millimeter wavelengths .
Assuming that the same fluctuations determine both the normal and the pairing self-energy , we ask what theories give the function $ ( \alpha^2 F ) _ { p , d } ( \omega ) $ required for the d-wave pairing instability at high temperatures as well as the deduced $ ( \alpha^2 F ) _n ( \theta , \omega ) $ .	We show that the deduced $ ( \alpha^2 F ) _n ( \theta , \omega ) $ can only be obtained from Antiferromagnetic ( AFM ) fluctuations if their correlation length is smaller than a lattice constant .
We show in particular that lambda-lifting , a common compilation technique for functional languages , is also correct in an imperative language like C , under some conditions enforced by the CPC compiler .	The current CPC compiler is mature enough to write substantial programs such as Hekate , a highly concurrent BitTorrent seeder .
The global ( and even local ) existence of the solution to the Cauchy problem ( * ) was not established earlier without assuming that $ F ' ( u ) $ is Lipschitz-continuous .	The case when $ F $ is not a global homeomorphism but a monotone operator in $ H $ is also considered .
We examine the evolutionary status of luminous , star-forming galaxies in intermediate-redshift clusters by considering their star formation rates and the chemical and ionsiation properties of their interstellar emitting gas .	Our sample consists of 17 massive , star-forming , mostly disk galaxies with M_ { B } & lt ; -20 , in clusters with redshifts in the range 0.31 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.59 , with a median of & lt ; z & gt ; =0.42 .
Two recent advances have strengthened the case .	First , numerical general relativistic magnetohydrodynamic simulations of accreting spinning black holes show that relativistic jets form spontaneously .
This provides a framework to study in a controllable way corrections to the inflationary slow roll parameter \eta due to conformal symmetry breaking in a warped geometry throat .	We compute the leading correction to \eta for the inflation in the Klebanov-Tseytlin throat geometry .
For two ( or more ) quasielectrons , our states differ from those constructed using Jain 's method .	By adding our quasielectrons to the Laughlin state , we obtain a hierarchy scheme which gives rise the non-Abelian non-unitary $ \nu= { 2/5 } $ FQH Gaffnian state .
A problem that has received much attention is how deal with sets of persistence diagrams .	How do we summarize them , average them or cluster them ?
We provide the whole set of Lick indices from CN1 to TiO2 of Simple Stellar Population models with , for the first time , variable element abundance ratios , [ alpha/Fe ] =0.0 , 0.3 , 0.5 , [ alpha/Ca ] =-0.1 , 0.0 , 0.2 , 0.5 , and [ alpha/N ] =-0.5 , 0.0 .	The models cover ages between 1 and 15 Gyr , metallicities between 1/200 and 3.5 solar .
More precisely , we focus on cases where a single realization of a smooth isotropic Gaussian random field on the sphere is observed , and a number of well-localized signals are superimposed on such background field .	The proposed algorithms , combined with the Benjamini-Hochberg procedure for thresholding p-values , provide asymptotic strong control of the False Discovery Rate ( FDR ) and power consistency as the signal strength and the frequency of the needlet transform get large .
We show that , when infall of gas from extragalactic space ceases , galaxies of high stellar mass appear to sustain star formation on gas liberated in mass loss from evolved low- and intermediate-mass stars admixed with occasional Type II supernova ejecta .	This model quantitatively accounts for the universal limiting metallicity plateau at a ratio of oxygen to hydrogen atoms , Z ( O ) = n ( O ) /n ( H ) = 0.0013 , characterizing high-mass intermittently star-forming galaxies .
The investigation is carried out for the Kantowski-Sachs model by means of a comparative study of the universe evolution in four different scenarios : the classical commutative , classical noncommutative , quantum commutative , and quantum noncommutative .	The comparison is rendered transparent by the use of the Bohmian formalism of quantum trajectories .
We prove a weighted version of the eigenvalue formula , providing evidence for a conjecture on weighted enumeration of cubical spanning trees .	We introduce a cubical analogue of shiftedness , and obtain a recursive formula for the Laplacian eigenvalues of shifted cubical complexes , in particular , these eigenvalues are also integers .
The residue in this pole contains contributions from various instanton sectors : $ 0 , \pm 1 , \pm 2 $ .	It is shown , that the nonzero ones change the factorizability property .
Easily programmed in C language , this reconfigurable digital locking system also enables automatic relocking and sequential functioning .	Different algorithms are detailed and applied to fringe locking and to low- and high-finesse optical cavity stabilization , without the need of external modulations or error signals .
Most of these algorithms are justified in terms of some sort of theoretical guarantee .	On the other hand , little is known about the empirical performance of these algorithms .
We present perturbative analytic methods , available at strong and weak coupling , and first-principle numerical results using imaginary time simulations with the gauge-P representation in regimes where perturbative methods are invalid .	Nontrivial effects are observed from the interplay of thermally induced bunching behavior versus interaction induced antibunching .
At first glance it seems unlikely that such theorems have anything to say about smooth manifolds homeomorphic to R^4 .	However , there is a common theme to all the proofs which forbids the existence of such metrics on most ( and possibly all ) exotic R^4 's .
We show that an isometric action in this sense has the following additional property : The corresponding action on the algebra of continuous functions on $ X $ by the convolution semigroup of probability measures on the quantum group contracts Lipschitz constants .	It is , in other words , isometric in another sense due to H. Li , J. Quaegebeur and M. Sabbe ; this partially answers a question of D. Goswami .
We also construct a new infinite sequence of solutions of the HYBE from a given one .	Along the way , we compute all the Lie algebra endomorphisms on the ( 1+1 ) -Poincare algebra and sl ( 2 ) .
We develop coarse-grained models that describe the dynamic encapsidation of functionalized nanoparticles by viral capsid proteins .	We find that some forms of cooperative interactions between protein subunits and nanoparticles can dramatically enhance rates and robustness of assembly , as compared to the spontaneous assembly of subunits into empty capsids .
( ii ) What determines the rate at which two coupled quantum -- mechanical systems become entangled ?	( iii ) How does irreversibility occur in quantum systems with few degrees of freedom ?
This allows the model to obtain the ink distribution within the paper volume .	At the mesoscopic scale , the paper is modeled using a discretized fiber structure .
Inferring astrophysical information from gravitational waves emitted by compact binaries is one of the key science goals of gravitational-wave astronomy .	In order to reach the full scientific potential of gravitational-wave experiments we require techniques to mitigate the cost of Bayesian inference , especially as gravitational-wave signal models and analyses become increasingly sophisticated and detailed .
It is shown that the fidelity of quantum computation decays exponentially with time and that the decay rate is proportional to the number of qubits , number of quantum gates and per gate dissipation rate induced by external decoherence .	In the limit of strong dissipation the quantum algorithm generates a quantum attractor which may have complex or simple structure .
Like the popular $ l_0 $ Least Mean Squares ( LMS ) algorithm , in $ l_0 $ RLS , a $ l_0 $ norm penalty is added to provide zero tap attractions on the instantaneous filter taps .	A thorough theoretical performance analysis has been conducted in this paper with white Gaussian input data under assumptions suitable for many practical scenarios .
This work focuses on the more relevant frequency selective case , where some important new aspects emerge .	We consider a MIMO-OFDM broadcast channel and compare achievable ergodic rates under three channel state feedback schemes : analog feedback , direction quantized feedback and `` time-domain '' channel quantized feedback .
Traditional computer protocols like HTTP or SOAP which are normally used to transport information between computers are typical bi-directional communication protocols and are thus unsuitable to be used over a data diode .	Currently the only commercially available protocols over a data diode sold by vendors are file-based protocols .
Cognitive Radio requires both efficient and reliable spectrum sensing of wideband signals .	In order to cope with the sampling rate bottleneck when dealing with such signals , new sampling methods have been proposed that sample below the Nyquist rate .
The collective motion of dust particles during the mode-coupling induced melting of a two-dimensional plasma crystal is explored in molecular dynamics simulations .	The crystal is compressed horizontally by an anisotropic confinement .
The subdivision scheme is universal , providing the basis for addressing and for fast lookups .	The HTM provides the basis for an efficient geospatial indexing scheme in relational databases where the data have an inherent location on either the celestial sphere or the Earth .
The energy equation is considered in situation that the released energy by viscosity dissipation is balanced with cooling processes .	The viscosity is obtained by equality of dissipation and cooling functions , and is used for angular momentum equation .
Since due to the confining potential the density is space dependent , Mott-insulating domains always coexist with metallic regions , such that global quantities are not appropriate to describe the system .	We define a local compressibility that characterizes the Mott-insulating regions and analyze other local quantities .
The measured spin asymmetry ( A ) resulting from a change in light helicity , reaches +/- 6 % around zero applied tunnel bias and drops to +/- 2 % at a bias of -1.6 V applied to the GaAs .	This decrease is a result of the drop in the photoelectron spin polarization that results from a reduction in the GaAs surface recombination velocity .
There is a single machine and the jobs will arrive for completion online .	Each job j is preemptive and , upon its arrival , its other characteristics are immediately revealed to the machine : the deadline requirement , the workload and the value .
The choice $ \pm \pi/2 $ for the twisting angle is particularly interesting , as O ( $ a $ ) improved estimates of physical quantities can be obtained even without averaging data from lattice formulations with opposite Wilson terms .	In all cases little or no extra computing power is necessary , compared to simulations with standard Wilson fermions or twisted-mass lattice QCD .
The shielding tensor is defined as a second derivative of the Helmholtz free energy of the electron system in equilibrium with the applied magnetic field and the nuclear magnetic moments .	This derivative is analytically evaluated and expressed as a sum over states formula .
This sample , along with the previous WISE discoveries , triples the number of known brown dwarfs with spectral types later than T5 .	Using the WISE All-Sky Source Catalog we present updated color-color and color-type diagrams for all the WISE-discovered T and Y dwarfs .
This is due to a structural transition of the corresponding gradient network clusters , which self-organize such as to reduce the congestion pressure .	This reduction is enhanced when lowering the value of the connectivity exponent $ \lambda $ towards 2 .
As a consequence of that , atom reflection shows unusual features , since an incident wave may split into two reflected ones at a barrier , an ordinary specular reflection , and an additional non-specular one .	Remarkably , the latter wave can exhibit negative reflection and may become evanescent if the angle of incidence exceeds a critical value .
However , most of the modularity based algorithms deal with static networks and can not be performed frequently , due to their high computing complexity .	In order to track the community structure of dynamic networks in a fine-grained way , we propose a modularity based algorithm that is incremental and has very low computing complexity .
This paper presents an estimate of the land area affected in the event of sea level rise of 0.6 m , 1 m and 2 m for Mexican sates with coasts along Gulf of Mexico .	Likewise , the number of residents in vulnerable areas that would occur in the scenario of sea level rise of 1 m is estimated .
With surprisingly little input , an intuition-aiding approximation to the galaxy-matter cross-correlation coefficient R ( k ) emerges , in terms of the halo mass dispersion .	This approximation seems valid to mildly non-linear scales ( k & lt ; ~3 h/Mpc ) , allowing measurement of the bias and the matter power spectrum from measurements of the galaxy and galaxy-matter power spectra ( or correlation functions ) .
Kyle ( 1985 ) builds a pioneering and influential model , in which an insider with long-lived private information submits an optimal order in each period given the market maker 's pricing rule .	An inconsistency exists to some extent in the sense that the `` constant pricing rule `` actually assumes an adaptive expected price with pricing rule given before insider making the decision , and the `` market efficiency '' condition , however , assumes a rational expected price and implies that the pricing rule can be influenced by insider 's strategy .
This region gives way to a region of deconfined quark matter at higher T and mu , with the deconfinement temperature , determined from the renormalised Polyakov loop , decreasing only very slowly with increasing chemical potential .	The quark number susceptibility chi_q does not exhibit any qualitative change at the deconfinement transition .
In particular , this shows that the union of the cylinders is a connected set , answering a question appearing in a previous paper .	We also show that there are cylinders in the process that are not connected by a sequence of at most $ d-3 $ other cylinders .
2014 ) that pairs of satellite galaxies located diametrically opposite each other around their host possess predominantly anti-correlated velocities .	This is consistent with a scenario in which $ \sim 50 $ % of satellite galaxies belong to kinematically-coherent rotating planar structures , similar to those detected around the giant galaxies of the Local Group .
Superclusters are generated by large-scale density perturbations which evolve very slowly .	The absence of very luminous superclusters in simulations can be explained either by non-proper treatment of large-scale perturbations , or by some yet unknown processes in the very early Universe .
This approach has been shown to be efficient for random linear fountain codes .	However , random linear codes exhibit high decoding complexity .
Defects play important roles in semiconductors ( SCs ) .	Unlike those in bulk SCs , defects in two-dimensional ( 2D ) SCs are exposed to the surrounding environment , which can potentially modify their properties/functions .
The structural properties of Sc2AlC are compared with results reported earlier .	The vibrational , thermodynamical , and optical properties are theoretically estimated for the first time .
Non-supersymmetric black hole microstates are of great interest in the context of the black hole information paradox .	We identify the holographic description of the general class of non-supersymmetric orbifolded D1-D5-P supergravity solutions found by Jejjala , Madden , Ross and Titchener .
More precisely , a brane moving in a non-maximally symmetric bulk has exactly the same geometry as a brane moving in a maximally symmetric bulk , so long as we include the holographic fields on the brane .	This correspondence is exact in that it works to all order in the brane energy-momentum tensor .
We perform coherent non-linear spectroscopy of individual excitons strongly confined in single InAs quantum dots ( QDs ) .	The retrieval of their intrinsically weak four-wave mixing ( FWM ) response is enabled by a one-dimensional dielectric waveguide antenna .
Today it is a hierarchical one designed to deliver energy from large scale facilities to end-users .	Tomorrow it will be a capillary infrastructure at the medium and Low Voltage levels that will support local energy trading among prosumers .
Interpretations of these results in terms of the differential geometry of surfaces in 3- and 4-space are hinted at throughout the paper .	Applications to estimates of the Willmore functional on constant mean curvature tori , respectively energy estimates of harmonic 2-tori , and to Dirac eigenvalue estimates on Riemannian spin bundles in dimension 2 are given .
Preliminary differential cross-sections and the $ \rho^0_ { MM ' } $ spin density matrix elements ( SDME ) for the reaction $ \gamma p \to \phi p $ for both charged- ( $ \phi \to K^+ K^- $ ) and neutral-mode ( $ \phi \to K^0_L K^0_S $ ) topologies obtained from CLAS are presented .	Our kinematic coverage is from near production threshold ( $ \sqrt { s } \sim 1.97 $ GeV ) to $ \sqrt { s } = 2.84 $ GeV , with a wide coverage in the production angle .
The standard approach for path integral Monte Carlo simulations of open quantum systems is extended as an efficient tool to monitor the time evolution of coherences ( off-diagonal elements of the reduced density matrix ) also for strong coupling to environments .	Specific simulations are performed for two level systems embedded in Ohmic and sub-Ohmic reservoirs in the domains of coherent and incoherent dynamics of the polarization .
The change of the perpendicular momentum of the wave is such that the toroidal angular momentum of the wave is conserved .	If the perpendicular momentum transfer via electron Landau damping is ignored , the transfer of the toroidal angular momentum to the plasma will be larger than the injected toroidal angular momentum .
The time evolution of the color fields is explored in a numerical simulation of the collision of two Lorentz-boosted clouds of color charged particles on a long three-dimensional gauge lattice .	We report results on soft gluon scattering and coherent gluon radiation obtained in SU ( 2 ) gauge symmetry .
We create interlayer exciton spin-valley polarization by circularly polarized optical pumping and determine a valley lifetime of 40 nanoseconds .	This long-lived polarization enables the visualization of the expansion of a valley-polarized exciton cloud over several microns .
The dynamics of the open system is described utilizing a second-order time-convolutionless master equation without the Markov or rotating wave approximations .	While the dynamics is found to be strongly non-Markovian for low temperatures and cutoffs , in general , we observe a special regime favoring Markovian behavior .
We start with the Lorentz algebra $ L=o_ { R } ( 1,3 ) $ over the reals and find a suitable basis $ B $ relative to which the structure constants are integers .	Thus we consider the $ Z $ -algebra $ L_ { Z } $ which is free as a $ Z $ -module and its $ Z $ -basis is $ B $ .
We analyse two ASCA observations of the highly eccentric O9III + B1III binary Iota Orionis obtained at periastron and apastron .	Based on the assumption of a strong colliding winds shock between the stellar components , we expected to see significant variation in the X-ray emission between these phases .
The problems connected with Gaudin models are reviewed by analyzing model related to the trigonometric osp ( 1|2 ) classical r-matrix .	The eigenvectors of the trigonometric osp ( 1|2 ) Gaudin Hamiltonians are found using explicitly constructed creation operators .
In this contribution , we investigate the entanglement behavior of a composite system consists of two different dimensional subsystems in non-inertial frames .	In particular , we consider a composite system of qubit ( two-dimensional ) subsystem , and qutrit , ( three-dimensional ) subsystem .
We introduce a new data-field -- - the flip-flop field -- -which carries wealth of information about the history and dynamics of the structure formation in the universe .	The flip-flop field is an ordered data set in Lagrangian space representing the number of turns inside out sign reversals of an elementary volume of each collisionless fluid element represented by a computational particle in a N-body simulation .
An ANIMO model is essentially the sum of a network topology and a number of interaction parameters .	The topology describes the interactions between biological entities in form of a graph , while the parameters determine the speed of occurrence of such interactions .
In addition , the effect of edge states on the electronic properties of AGNR is included in the calculations .	Under the assumption that the gas molecules adsorb on the ribbon sites with uniform probability distribution , the applicability of the method is examined for finite concentrations of adsorption of several simple gas molecules ( CO , NO , CO $ _2 $ , NH $ _3 $ ) on 10-AGNR .
We present constraints on canonical single-field inflation derived from WMAP five year , ACBAR , QUAD , BICEP data combined with the halo power spectrum from SDSS LRG7 .	Models with a non-scale-invariant spectrum and a red tilt n_s & lt ; 1 are now preferred over the Harrison-Zel'dovich model ( n_s = 1 , tensor-to-scalar ratio r = 0 ) at high significance .
Pictures taken by this cryo-camera while immersed in argon vapour and liquid nitrogen are presented .	The cryo-camera can provide a live view inside cryogenic set-ups and allows to record video .
The inclusion of transverse degrees of freedom leads to the discussion of Sudakov effects which are crucial for protecting the calculation from dangerous infrared regions .	The picture generalizes to many hard reactions ; a strategy to extract distribution amplitudes from future data is sketched .
The latter notion is closely related to the construction of Schmidt balls around the identity .	We analyse the situation for pure states and provide non-trivial upper and lower bounds .
They provide information about the distribution and occurrence of the investigated amino acid .	In particular , the metgram can be used to find out potential start position of genes within a genome .
The emission center manifests itself as a second beta-model surface brightness component distinct from that of the cluster on larger scales .	The center is also substantially cooler and more metal rich than the surrounding intracluster medium ( ICM ) , which makes Abell 1142 appear to be a cool core cluster .
In order to characterize these effects we devise an analytically solvable model of Susceptible-Infected ( SI ) spreading dynamics in infinite systems for arbitrary inter-event time distributions and for the whole time range .	Our model is stationary from the beginning , and the role of lower bound of inter-event times is explicitly considered .
We show how the use of a highly selective post-selection strategy may lead to a useful quantum key generation rate for this system .	This work represents the first quantitative assessment of continuous variable quantum key rates in the pragmatic scenario of reflection off low-earth-orbit satellites .
The integrated power in the Galaxy $ L_ { cr , ns } $ is $ \sgreat 10^ { 40 } { \rm erg \ s^ { -1 } } $ , the energy distribution is a power law of spectral index $ & gt ; 2 $ , and the particle energy can be raised to $ 10^6 $ GeV , consistent with the power and spectrum of primary cosmic rays in the Galaxy .	The major contribution for $ L_ { cr , ns } $ comes from a minority of $ \sim 10^7 $ isolated neutron stars which are located within dense clouds .
These are periodic chains of either identical wells or pairs of different wells , and chains of pairs of wells arranged in either a Fibonacci quasi-periodic sequence or a random sequence .	The transmission coefficient of fermionic matter is evaluated in a T-matrix scattering approach by describing each array through a tight-binding Hamiltonian and by reducing it to an effective dimer by means of a decimation/renormalization method .
We will present a multiepoch study of the three blazars 0954+658 ( BL -- Lac ) , PKS1510 -- 089 ( HPQ ) and 1749+096 ( BL -- Lac ) .	The first two sources are known to be $ \gamma $ -- ray loud .
The fraction of the total Halpha luminosity of their respective parent galaxies shown by the tidal objects is always below 5 % except for the tidal features of HCG95 , whose Halpha luminosity amounts to 65 % of the total luminosity .	Out of this 36 objects , 9 star forming tidal dwarf galaxy candidates have been finally identified on the basis of their projected distances to the nuclei of the parent galaxies and their total Halpha luminosities .
The effect of magnetic anisotropy-axis alignment on the superparamagnetic ( SPM ) and superspin glass ( SSG ) states in a frozen ferrofluid has been investigated .	The ferrofluid studied here consists of maghemite nanoparticles ( \gamma-Fe2O3 , mean diameter = 8.6 nm ) dispersed in glycerine at a volume fraction of ~15 % .
of state P=-rho .	the particle is coverede by a Schwarzschild-like envelope and from the outside it is characterized by mass and radius .
We study theoretically the properties of two Bose-Einstein condensates in different spin states , represented by a double Fock state .	Individual measurements of the spins of the particles are performed in transverse directions , giving access to the relative phase of the condensates .
As a result , all observables become averaged over many resonances and can effectively be described by simpler , non-resonant scattering calculations .	Two particular examples are discussed : non-chemically reactive RbCs and chemically reactive KRb .
In a relativistic field theory , a broken continuous symmetry leads to the emergence of two types of fundamental excitations : massless Nambu-Goldstone modes and a massive `Higgs ' amplitude mode .	An excitation of Higgs type is of crucial importance in the standard model of elementary particles and also appears as a fundamental collective mode in quantum many-body systems .
We completely describe presentations of Lie superalgebras with Cartan matrix if they are simple Z-graded of polynomial growth .	Such matrices can be neither integer nor symmetrizable .
Islands of an average diameter of about 16 nm ( type B islands ) that are related to a phase transition via a Stranski-Krastanow growth process are also distributed in the thicker sample grown on an oriented substrate .	We have studied the evolution of lineshapes of PL spectra for these two samples by improving spatial resolution that was achieved using nanoapertures or mesa structures .
The black ring is assumed to emit only massless scalar particles .	We consider a thin black ring with a small thickness parameter , $ \lambda\ll 1 $ , which can be approximated by a boosted Kerr string locally .
The active regions in which the GLE events originate are generally large : 1290 msh ( median 1010 msh ) compared to 934 msh ( median : 790 msh ) for SEP-producing active regions .	The initial acceleration of GLE-associated CMEs is much larger ( by a factor of 2 ) than that of ordinary CMEs ( 2.3 km/s2 vs.1 km/s2 ) .
This problem of learning a k-subspace junta is a common generalization of learning a k-junta ( a function of k coordinates in R^n ) and learning intersections of k halfspaces .	In this context , we introduce an irrelevant noisy attributes model where the distribution over the `` relevant '' k-dimensional subspace is independent of the distribution over the ( n-k ) -dimensional `` irrelevant '' subspace orthogonal to it .
We consider a case , when each target block has the same number of target items .	We present a fast quantum algorithm , which finds one of the target blocks .
We discuss the possibility of a vanishing tree level mass for the Higgs .	In such a scenario the tachyonic mass can be induced by quantum loops and can be naturally smaller than the compactification scale .
The calculations are performed in the Landau gauge on 16^3x32 lattices at beta = 6.0 for 3 kappa values in each case .	The improved sources greatly decrease the statistical noise .
We determine the strangeness and light quark fractions of the nucleon mass by computing the quark line connected and disconnected contributions to the matrix elements m_q & lt ; N|qbar q|N & gt ; in lattice QCD , using the non-perturbatively improved Sheikholeslami-Wohlert Wilson Fermionic action .	We simulate n_F=2 mass degenerate sea quarks with a pion mass of about 285 MeV and a lattice spacing a approx 0.073 fm .
If $ X $ is a subcontinuum of a closed surface $ S $ , we call the components of $ S \setminus X $ the complementary domains of $ X $ .	We prove that a continuum is either indecomposable or the union of two indecomposable continua whenever it has a sequence of distinct complementary domains whose boundaries limit to the continuum in the Hausdorff metric .
Improved measurement techniques are central to technological development and foundational scientific exploration .	Quantum optics relies upon detectors sensitive to non-classical features of light , enabling precise tests of physical laws and quantum-enhanced technologies such as precision measurement and secure communications .
If $ m $ arises from a Higgs effect , both limits are invalid because the Proca vector-potential of the galactic magnetic field may be neutralized by vortices giving a large-scale magnetic field that is effectively Maxwellian .	In this regime , experiments sensitive to the Proca potential do not yield a useful bound on $ m $ .
We present GMRT 1280 MHz radio continuum observations and follow-up optical studies of the disk and nuclear star formation in a sample of low luminosity bulgeless galaxies .	The main aim is to understand bulge formation and overall disk evolution in these late type galaxies .
We provide an overview of the recent theoretical and experimental advances in the study of second sound in ultracold atomic gases .	Starting from the Landau two fluid hydrodynamic equations we develop the theory of first and second sound in various configurations characterized by different geometries and quantum statistics .
However , the alpha-cluster structure of this nucleus is very different from the relatively simple pattern of strong alpha-cluster quasi-rotational bands in the neighboring 16O and 20Ne nuclei .	A 0+ state with an alpha reduced width exceeding the single particle limit was identified at an excitation energy of 9.9+/-0.3 MeV .
The energy gap and the superfluid density at zero temperature and the quasiparticle density of states are studied .	The method involves approximate self-consistent solutions of the Bogolubov-de $ \ , $ Gennes equations on finite square lattices .
Different from state-of-the-art methods for shadow-free image that either need shadow detection or statistical learning , we set up a linear equation set for each pixel value vector based on physically-based shadow invariants , deduce a pixel-wise orthogonal decomposition for its solutions , and then get an illumination invariant vector for each pixel value vector on an image .	The illumination invariant vector is the unique particular solution of the linear equation set , which is orthogonal to its free solutions .
This implies , for example , that there is a unique conjugacy class of principal homomorphisms for G. We show that the image of an optimal SL ( 2 ) -homomorphism is a completely reducible subgroup of G ; this is a notion defined recently by J-P. Serre .	Finally , if G is defined over the ( arbitrary ) subfield K of k , and if X in Lie ( G ) ( K ) is a K-rational nilpotent element whose p-th power is 0 , we show that there is an optimal homomorphism for X which is defined over K .
Rather the emission domain lies just outside a timelike Marginal Outer Trapped Surface that is locally defined .	The emission domain is mainly located inside the event horizon .
For some systems , the total error scaling can be quadratically reduced at a fixed maximum transfer rate .	These improvements rely only on the judicious choice of the total evolution time .
The indicial response is calculated .	It presents a time-delay with a transient time that is a function of the extinction length for reflection geometry and of the extinction length combined with the thickness of the grating for transmission geometry .
The velocity of discontinuity coincides with that of fourth sound .	The jumps of temperature and the superfluid velocity are shown to be of the first order as to the pressure jumps .
This paper proposes a natural modification to the type syntax for F-Omega-Sub , adding variable 's bound to the variable type constructor , thereby separating the computational behavior of the variable from the context .	The algorithm for subtyping in F-Omega-Sub can then be given on types without context or kind information .
A countably infinite version of the natural sum has been used in a recent paper by V\ '' a\ '' an\ '' anen and Wang , with applications to infinitary logics .	We provide an order theoretical characterization of this operation .
Biological targets are sought in a biological space designed from the genomic data from Plasmodium falciparum , but using also the millions of genomic data from other species .	Drug candidates are sought in a chemical space containing the millions of small molecules stored in public and private chemolibraries .
In particular , we find that the group of real polynomial automorphisms of the n-sphere is just the orthogonal group O ( n+1 ) whenever n is a power of 2 .	It is not known whether the same is true for arbitrary n. The proof uses Karpenko 's theorem that certain projective quadrics over a field are not ruled .
The Raman transition is pumped by a narrow linewidth ( & lt ; 50 kHz ) 1064 nm continuous-wave ( CW ) fiber laser .	The probe light is produced by a homebuilt CW optical parametric oscillator ( OPO ) , tunable from around 800 nm to 1300 nm ( linewidth ~ 5 MHz ) .
We report on a Ni L $ _ { 2,3 } $ edges x-ray absorption spectroscopy ( XAS ) study in $ R $ NiO $ _3 $ perovskites .	These compounds exhibit a metal to insulator ( $ MI $ ) transition as temperature decreases .
The spinor differential geometry of ha-spaces is constructed .	There are discussed some related issues connected with the physical aspects of higher order anisotropic interactions for gravitational , gauge , spinor , Dirac spinor and Proca fields .
The MAVSIR platform provides High-level feature extraction from audio-visual content and concept/event-based video retrieval .	We illustrate the architecture of the system as well as provide an overview of the descriptors supported to date .
Star clusters are identified from multiband HST ACS and WFPC2 imaging data by combining detections in 3 bands ( F435W and F814W with ACS and F606W with WFPC2 ) .	The photometric data are then compared to population synthesis models to infer the masses and ages of the star clusters .
At present , it is not clear what determines the dominating relaxation pathway .	Here we reach a unifying picture of the ultrafast energy relaxation by investigating the terahertz photoconductivity , while varying the Fermi energy , photon energy , and fluence over a wide range .
The algorithm is composed of finite sequences of Newton polyhedra and monomial transformations and based on Weierstrass preparation theorem .	This approach entails such new methods as canonical reduction and synthesis of monomial transformations as well as latency and revival of primary variables .
The authors of BPB conclude that their observations contradict those of BH .	Here we argue that the outcomes of BPB do not contradict BH .
As the source decayed , the X-ray flux dropped exponentially with an e-folding time of 14.4 d. The exponential decay was interrupted by an increase in the X-ray flux , and a secondary maximum occurred 89 d after the onset of the outburst .	A transition marked by significant changes in the timing and spectral properties of the source occurred 104 d after the start of the outburst .
We calculate numerical solutions and analytic approximations for the intermediate-type spectral distortions .	Detection of a \mu-type distortion ( saturated comptonization ) in the CMB will constrain the time of energy injection to be at a redshift 2x10^6 & gt ; z & gt ; 2x10^5 , while a detection of a y-type distortion ( minimal comptonization ) will mean that there was heating of CMB at redshift z & lt ; 1.5x10^4 .
An alternative proof of this fact is given here .	The $ \sigma $ -sequence was constructed by Evdokimov in order to construct chains of maximal length in the n-dimensional unit cube .
This provides an example of a non-equilibrium steady state .	We also study the behaviour as the number of particles goes to infinity and show quantitative estimates on the convergence rate of the first marginal .
The reaction p ( e , e'pi+ ) n was measured at the Mainz Microtron MAMI at an invariant mass of W=1125 MeV and four-momentum transfers of Q^2=0.117 , 0.195 and 0.273 ( GeV/c ) ^2 .	For each value of Q^2 , a Rosenbluth separation of the transverse and longitudinal cross sections was performed .
We do not supply it too .	Instead , we present some thoughts and arguments to convince the Reader , that Genetic Algorithms are essentially bound for success .
We adopt an adiabatic equation of state with $ \Gamma = 2 $ and focus on uniformly rotating stars .	We find that the onset of dynamical instability along mass-shedding sequences nearly coincides with the onset of secular instability .
$ M $ has broader applicability and can be faster than Levin 's universal search , the fastest method for inverting functions save for a large multiplicative constant .	An extension of Kolmogorov complexity and two novel natural measures of function complexity are used to show that the most efficient program computing some function $ f $ is also among the shortest programs provably computing $ f $ .
A graph is said to be { \it total-colored } if all the edges and the vertices of the graph are colored .	A path in a total-colored graph is a { \it total monochromatic path } if all the edges and internal vertices on the path have the same color .
Moreover , we prove an a-adic duality theorem , which links a Cuntz-Li algebra with a corresponding dynamical system on the real numbers .	The paper also contains an appendix where a nonabelian version of the `` subgroup of dual group theorem '' is given in the setting of coactions .
The plot of the cumulative number of murders as a function of time is of `` Devil 's staircase '' type .	The distribution of the intervals between murders ( step length ) follows a power law with the exponent of 1.4 .
Spaces of constant curvature and their motion groups are described most naturally in Cartesian basis .	All these motion groups also known as CK groups are obtained from orthogonal group by contractions and analytical continuations .
Along the way , the early-time super-horizon behavior for the resulting fluid modes is derived in conformal Newtonian gauge , and tight-coupling transfer function approximations are given .	CMB spectral distortions caused by different perturbation modes can be estimated using simple k-space window functions which are provided here .
Such a process is a generalization of an erasure channel .	We demonstrate that the most accessible method of transforming optical systems with the help of passive linear networks has limited usefulness in preparing and manipulating such codes .
The formalism is then modified to study string theory propagating in AdS $ _3 $ which is considered as the direct product of the SL ( 2 ) /U ( 1 ) coset times a timelike free boson .	This representation allows to naturally include the spectral flow symmetry and winding number in vertex operators and correlation functions .
We present simple analytic solutions for the ionization rate $ \zeta_ { \rm { SLR } } $ arising from the decay of short-lived radionuclides ( SLRs ) within protoplanetary disks .	We solve the radiative transfer problem for the decay products within the disk , and thereby allow for the loss of radiation at low disk surface densities ; energy loss becomes important outside $ R\gtrsim30 $ for typical disk masses $ M_g=0.04 $ M $ _\odot $ .
The node strength is defined as the number of requisition papers which have filled in this code , including the papers which have filled in it only .	Here we study a variety of nonlocal statistics for these networks , such as typical distances between research areas through the network , and measures of centrality such as betweenness .
We determine a CP violating asymmetry ACP = ( 0.0006 +- 0.0017 + 0.0038 - 0.0032 ) .	This measurement is consistent and competitive with those obtained at the B factories with dilepton events .
In this sense , GFT condensates are quantum homogeneous geometries that also contain statistical information about cosmological inhomogeneities .	We show in the isotropic case how this information can be extracted from geometric GFT observables and mapped to quantities of observational interest .
The models we investigate have constraints similar to that of the knights model , introduced by Toninelli , Biroli , and Fisher ( TBF ) , but differing neighbor relations .	We find that such knights-like models , otherwise known as models of jamming percolation , need a `` No Parallel Crossing '' rule for the TBF proof of a glassy transition to be valid .
The observation of the first $ \nu_\tau $ candidate event and the analysis of the 2008-2009 neutrino sample have been reported in previous publications .	This work describes substantial improvements in the analysis and in the evaluation of the detection efficiencies and backgrounds using new simulation tools .
One application is to represent states in the thermodynamic limit directly , using a small set of position independent matrices .	For this infinite MPS ansatz to be useful it is necessary to be able to calculate expectation values , and we show here that a large class of observables , including operators transforming under lattice translations as eigenstates of arbitrary momentum $ k $ , can be represented in the Schur form of a lower or upper triangular matrix and we present an algorithm for evaluating such expectation values in the asymptotic limit .
Specifically , we consider a computational Hamiltonian , which has been encoded using the logical qubits of a single-qubit error detecting code , coupled to an environment of qubits by interaction terms that act one-locally on the system .	Energy penalty terms are added that penalize states outside of the codespace .
These correlations are the focus of of the deepest issues in quantum mechanics [ 1-3 ] and are the basis of many quantum technologies .	The entanglement of discrete particle properties has been studied extensively in the context of quantum computing [ 4 ] , cryptography [ 5 ] , and quantum repeaters [ 6 ] while entanglement between the continuous properties of particles may play a critical role in improving the sensitivity of gravitational wave detectors [ 7,8 ] , atomic clocks [ 9 ] , and other high precision instruments .
We furthermore report a detailed investigation into the fundamental noise sources which afflicts the division process itself .	Two frequency combs with quasi-identical configurations are referenced to a common ultrastable cavity laser source .
It is also demonstrated that the mixing effect is not negligible in decay processes of $ \ { \bar { 10 } \ } $ .	In particular the effect of mixing with $ \ { 27\ } $ is found to be quite large .
They are also increasingly important as an enabling technology for experimental cavity quantum electrodynamics , quantum information processing and matter wave interferometry .	Although significant progress has been made in miniaturising atomic metrological devices , these are limited in accuracy by their use of hot atomic ensembles and buffer gases .
We study the quotient complexity , more commonly known as state complexity , of operations in the classes of bifix- , factor- , and subword-free regular languages .	We find tight upper bounds on the quotient complexity of intersection , union , difference , symmetric difference , concatenation , star , and reversal in these three classes of languages .
These coefficients represent the conductivity of a composite material .	We assume a background with low conductivity that contains inclusions with different thermal properties .
During the rebrightening phase in 2007 , we found clear modulations between V=16.2-15.2 .	In conjunction with the lack of prominent superhumps in our time-series observations , the modulations can most naturally be interpreted as repetitive short rebrightenings with a cycle of 1-2 days .
We present a statistical model which is able to capture some interesting features exhibited in the Brazilian test .	The model is based on breakable elements which break when the force experienced by the elements exceed their own load capacity .
The dependences of the photon rates on the jet kinematic characteristics ( momentum , mass , etc . )	and on the jet charged , neutral and total hadron multiplicities are reported .
Recently , we have proposed a new dynamic line on the phase diagram in the supercritical region .	Crossing this line corresponds to the radical changes of the fluid properties .
Masses are generated for these fermions via electroweak symmetry breaking , by coupling them to a VEV on the IR boundary .	We calculate the mass spectrum in four dimensions , comparing approximate results and results found by solving the full system of bulk equations and boundary conditions .
ISON brightened continuously as it approached perihelion while visible in all other telescopes/filters .	The central condensation disappeared about November 28.5 and the leading edge became progressively more elongated until perihelion .
Augmenting conventional utility-owned voltage regulating equipment with the reactive power capabilities of distributed generation units is a viable solution .	Local control options attaining global voltage regulation optimality at fast convergence rates is the goal here .
Au-pentacene complex adsorbed on a NaCl bilayer on Cu substrate provides an intricate model system , which has been previously studied both experimentally and theoretically .	Our calculations indicate that the complicated shape of the molecular orbitals may cause multivalued constant current surfaces -- leading to ambiguity of the STM image .
With the exception of the photometric binary MJ38529 in 47 Tuc , the parameters of those stars that are probable members of 47 Tuc and NGC 362 agree well with canonical HB evolution .	The three hot stars in 47 Tuc all have 10,000 K & lt ; Teff & lt ; 15,000 K and include one photometric binary , which suggests that they might have a different physical origin than the dominant red HB population .
The received results imply that the residual conductivity of SmB6 below about 4 K is of non-activated ( metallic-like ) nature .	It is shown that this metallic-like behavior can be attributed both to surface ( 2D ) conduction states , as may be expected in case of a topological insulator , as well as to the highly correlated many-body ( 3D ) bulk ground state which is formed within the gap of this compound .
The commutant within all differential operators on the total space is computed and gives a deformation of the algebra of vertical differential operators .	Applications to noncommutative gauge field theories and phase space reduction of star products are discussed .
We present the discovery of a radio galaxy at a likely redshift of z = 4.424 in one of the flanking fields of the Hubble Deep Field .	Radio observations with the VLA and MERLIN centered on the HDF yielded a complete sample of microjansky radio sources , of which about 20 % have no optical counterpart to I & lt ; 25 mag .
An interesting question is : when is a given connected normal digraph distance-regular ?	Motivated by this question first we give some characterizations of weakly distance-regular digraphs .
We especially consider the standard homogeneous `` top hat '' jet and the `` universal structured jet '' with power-law wings .	We also investigate a possible more physical variation of the `` top hat '' model : the `` Gaussian jet '' .
We present a complete analysis of multipartite entanglement of three-mode Gaussian states of continuous variable systems .	We derive standard forms which characterize the covariance matrix of pure and mixed three-mode Gaussian states up to local unitary operations , showing that the local entropies of pure Gaussian states are bound to fulfill a relationship which is stricter than the general Araki-Lieb inequality .
Black-box complexity is a complexity theoretic measure for how difficult a problem is to be optimized by a general purpose optimization algorithm .	It is thus one of the few means trying to understand which problems are tractable for genetic algorithms and other randomized search heuristics .
Bound state problem in the relativistic QED is investigated by the functional integral methods .	The ortho- para- positron mass difference is calculated .
As a result of numerical solution of these equations , the criterion of the balance of the capillary and electrostatic forces on the conic surface of a liquid-metal anode has been determined .	It has allowed us to relate the electrical current flowing through the system , the applied potential difference and the cone angle .
Using near-IR spectra obtained with SpeX at the NASA IRTF , we confirm the presence of methane absorption that characterizes T dwarfs and measure spectral types of T2.5+/-0.5 and T7.5+/-0.5 for HN Peg B and HD 3651 B , respectively .	By comparing our Spitzer data to images from 2MASS obtained several years earlier , we find that the proper motions of HN Peg B and HD 3651 B are consistent with those of the primaries , confirming their companionship .
In the circular binary case , no Lindblad resonances lie within the disc and no Lindblad resonant torques are produced , as was previously known .	By analytic means , we show that when the binary orbit is eccentric , there exist components of the gravitational potential of the binary which rotate in a retrograde sense to the binary orbit and so rotate progradely with respect to this disc , allowing a resonant interaction to occur between the binary and the disc .
A fundamental result in this context is the so-called Yuzvinski Formula , showing that the value of the topological entropy of a full solenoidal automorphism coincides with the Mahler measure of its characteristic polynomial .	In two papers of 1979 and 1981 Peters gave a different definition of entropy for automorphisms of locally compact Abelian groups .
Infall motions are seen from inverse P-Cygni profiles observed in H2CO 3_12-2_11 toward both objects , but also in CS 3-2 and N2H+ 1-0 toward 4A , providing the least ambiguous evidence for such motions toward low-mass protostellar objects .	Outflow motions are probed by bright line wings of H2CO 3_12-2_11 and CS 3-2 observed at positions offset from 4A and 4B , likely tracing dense cavity walls .
It then bounds the ( reduced ) complexity needed to achieve any ( including suboptimal ) diversity-multiplexing performance tradeoff ( DMT ) performance , and finally bounds the same complexity , in the presence of feedback-aided user selection .	This latter effort reveals the ability of a few bits of feedback not only to improve performance , but also to reduce complexity .
In existing dark matter models with global symmetries the relic abundance of dark matter is either equal to that of anti-dark matter ( thermal WIMP ) , or vastly larger , with essentially no remaining anti-dark matter ( asymmetric dark matter ) .	By exploring the consequences of a primordial asymmetry on the coupled dark matter and anti-dark matter Boltzmann equations we find large regions of parameter space that interpolate between these two extremes .
We study evolution of colour gluon states in isolated QCD jet at the non-perturbative stage .	Fluctuations of gluons are less than those for coherent states under specific conditions .
We establish Borel-Cantelli lemmas , Extreme Value statistics and return time statistics for the map and flow .	Previous results have established quasicompactness in H\ '' older or analytic function spaces , for example the work of M. Pollicott and T. Morita .
Rydberg-Rydberg interactions are observed to strongly affect the dynamics of plasma formation .	Using a coupled rate-equation model to describe our data , we extract the average energy of electrons trapped in the plasma , and an effective cross-section for ionizing collisions between Rydberg atoms and atoms in low-lying states .
In particular , we give a necessary and sufficient condition for the existence of a map of split extensions for holomorphs of two groups .	In chapter 3 we construct a resolution for $ Hol ( Z_ { p^r } ) $ for every prime $ p $ , where $ { \mathbb Z } _m $ denotes a cyclic group of order $ m $ , and use it to compute the integer homology and mod $ p $ cohomology ring of $ Hol ( Z_ { p^r } ) $ .
A 80 , 032115 ( 2009 ) ] is employed in calculations .	It is found that for many atoms the ionization energies obtained with the GGA are only modestly improved with respect to experimental data , as compared to the LSDA .
We present a study of the acceleration of electrons at a perpendicular shock that propagates through a turbulent magnetic field .	The energization process of electrons is investigated by utilizing a combination of hybrid ( kinetic ions and fluid electron ) simulations and test-particle electron simulations .
Comparisons between Mean-Field predictions , Cluster Approximation predictions , and Monte Carlo simulations for the relaxation time of the system are shown .	We outline the cases where Mean-Field analysis gives good results compared to Dynamic Monte-Carlo results .
At the same time the relative magnesium abundance exhibits no radial gradient .	It is in detail considered the influence of selective effects on the form of both age - metallicity and age - relative magnesium abundance diagrams .
The self-similar analytical solution is compared with the results of 3-dimensional computer simulations for the expansion into homogeneous media .	For realistic galactic disks we show that the formation of fragments is influenced by the amount of energy supply from the final number of young stars in an OB association , the value of the sound speed , the stratification and density of the ambient medium , the galactic differential rotation and the gravitational force perpendicular to the galactic plane .
The local minimum degree of a graph is the minimum degree reached by means of a series of local complementations .	In this paper , we investigate on this quantity which plays an important role in quantum computation and quantum error correcting codes .
In this paper we explore the possibility of another pulsar `` death line '' in the context of polar cap models , corresponding to high magnetic fields B in the upper portion of the period-period derivative diagram , a domain where few radio pulsars are observed .	The origin of this high B boundary , which may occur when B becomes comparable to or exceeds $ B_ { \rm cr } = 4.4 \times 10^ { 13 } $ Gauss , is also due to the suppression of magnetic pair creation , but primarily because of ineffective competition with magnetic photon splitting .
This result is the symplectic analogue of a result that was proved in Hofer-Zehnder [ 8 ] ( for compactly supported Hamiltonian diffeomorphisms on $ \mathbb { R } ^ { 2n } $ ) , and then reformulated in Oh-M\ '' { u } ller [ 10 ] for Hamiltonian diffeomorphisms in general .	Furthermore , we extend to symplectic isotopies the regularization procedure for Hamiltonian paths introduced in Polterovich [ 11 ] , and then we use it to prove the equality between the two versions of Banyaga Hofer-like norms defined on the identity component in the group of symplectomorphisms .
In contrast to previous investigations , limited to close-to-projectile fragments , we extended our study to the entire production range , down to the lightest observed fragments .	In this context , beside the contribution of abrasion and evaporation processes , we considered the effect of the thermal break-up on the width of the momentum distributions .
The pulse profiles of the accreting X-ray millisecond pulsar SAX J1808.4-3658 at different energies are studied .	The two main emission component , the black body and the Comptonized tail that are clearly identified in the time-averaged spectrum , show strong variability with the first component lagging the second one .
It is proposed to give up the description of physical states in terms of ensembles of state vectors with various probabilities , relying instead solely on the density matrix as the description of reality .	With this definition of a physical state , even in entangled states nothing that is done in one isolated system can instantaneously effect the physical state of a distant isolated system .
We discuss the shape resonance in the superconducting gaps of a two band superconductor by tuning the chemical potential at a Lifshitz transition for Femi surface neck collapsing and for spot appearing .	The high temperature superconducting scenario for complex matter shows the coexistence of a first BCS condensate made of Cooper pairs in the first band and a second boson-like condensate made of bosons like bipolarons , in the second band where the chemical potential is tuned near a Lifshitz transition .
However , despite being half a century old and having had a huge intellectual impact , generic numerical methods to perform blocking for lattice models have progressed more slowly than sampling methods .	Blocking may be essential to deal with near conformal situations .
The method is based on a rigorous approach to spin glasses developed by Francesco Guerra .	It allows to construct lower bounds on the entropy of the transmitted message conditional to the received one .
Methods : We use a model spectral energy distribution ( SED ) fitter to obtain the bolometric flux for our sources , given flux data from our work and the literature .	The inputs to the model fitter were optimised by a series of investigations designed to reveal the effect varying these inputs had on the resulting bolometric flux .
Our goal is to find a minimalistic model that describes the luminosity function and large-scale clustering bias of the X-ray-selected AGN in the general framework of the concordance LCDM model .	We assume that a simple population-averaged scaling relation between the AGN X-ray luminosity L_X and the host dark matter halo mass M_h exists .
Direct searches and the hints for the Higgs at ~125 GeV put increasing pressure on simple models of SUSY breaking , in particular ( but not exclusively ) on those that automatically solve the flavour problem , such as gauge mediation .	SUSY-breaking parameters are pushed to higher and higher values , increasing the fine-tuning required to achieve electroweak symmetry breaking at the observed scale .
From the derived abundances of Si , S and Fe , we conclude that NGC5044 ( a dense group of galaxies ) was able to retain significant amounts of gas during an early galaxy wind phase .	Fe abundance in NGC5846 ( normal E galaxy ) corresponds to current SNIa rate of ~0.2 of Tammann rate , while low Fe mass in NGC4649 ( normal E in the Virgo cluster ) could be an environmental effect .
Models which attribute the M-shell to semi-periodic variation in one or more stellar properties are most compatible with observations .	The only stellar variation models on time scales of 50-1500 years that have been suggested are based on an assumed solar-like magnetic cycle .
When the value p which characterizes Sobolev space is strictly larger than 1 , the required result is well known in R^n and is classically obtained by a Littlewood-Paley dyadic blocks manipulation .	For these inequalities we will develop here another totally different technique .
Although star formation has been detected in neighboring satellite clouds , little evidence for star formation has been found in the main body of this cloud .	Using a combination of mid-infrared observations with the IRAC and MIPS instruments onboard the Spitzer space telescope , and near-IR images taken with the Flamingos camera on the KPNO 2.1-meter , we identify a population of 41 young stars with disks and 33 protostars in the center of the cloud .
We present an alternate interpretation of recent STEREO/STE observations that were originally attributed to energetic neutral atoms ( ENA ) from the heliosheath .	The signal attributed to the diffuse ENA source instead shows the characteristics of a point source .
The aim of this work is twofold .	On one hand , we study the unique solvability of the Cauchy problem corresponding to $ L $ .
Such a classical result , well-known in the setting of triangulated categories , acquires a new taste when $ t $ -structure are described as suitable ( $ \infty $ -categorical ) factorization systems : the factorization system inducing $ \mathfrak { t } _0\uplus\mathfrak { t } _1 $ enjoys a number of interesting formal properties and unexpected autodualities .	In the geometric case of a stratified space , various recollements arise , which `` interact well '' with the combinatorics of the intersections of strata to give a well-defined , associative $ \uplus $ operation .
This is the case , e.g. , of the geometric and harmonic averages , for which we obtain permissibility criteria .	Also , some important inequalities involving covariance functions and preference relations as well as algebraic properties can be derived by means of the proposed approach .
We assume that this process is correlated with a tradable financial asset .	We derive optimal strategies for exponential utility from terminal wealth , determine the indifference prices of the derivatives , and interpret them in terms of diversification pressure .
Network science plays an increasingly important role to model complex data in many scientific disciplines .	One notable feature of network organization is community structure , which refers to clusters of tightly interconnected nodes .
Expanding on our earlier work ( Hailey & amp ; Mori 2002 ) we have examined all previously proposed atmospheric models for 1E1207.4-5209 .	Using our atomic code , which rapidly solves Schrodinger 's equation for arbitrary ion in strong magnetic field ( Mori & amp ; Hailey 2002 ) , we have systematically constructed atmospheric models by calculating polarization-dependent LTE opacities and addressed all the physics relevant to strongly-magnetized plasmas .
In fact , close to the optimal parameter values , fine-tuning is no longer needed for any of the parameters .	We show that in this natural region of the parameter space , larger values of $ n_s $ close to 0.99 ( still within 2 $ \sigma $ of the WMAP5 central value ) are favored , giving a new aspect of testability to the model .
This may be interpreted as evidence to support the supernova remnant origin of CRs below the knee .	We further propose that the same mechanism may explain the `` ankle '' of the ultra high energy CR spectrum .
We announce a proof of the Verlinde conjecture for V , that is , of the statement that the matrices formed by the fusion rules among irreducible V-modules are diagonalized by the matrix given by the action of the modular transformation \tau\mapsto -1/\tau on the space of characters of irreducible V-modules .	We discuss some consequences of the Verlinde conjecture , including the Verlinde formula for the fusion rules , a formula for the matrix given by the action of \tau\mapsto -1/\tau and the symmetry of this matrix .
The present paper establishes the existence of nontrivial special biconformal changes for some canonical metrics on Del Pezzo surfaces , viz .	K\ '' ahler-Einstein metrics ( when a nontrivial holomorphic vector field exists ) , non-Einstein K\ '' ahler-Ricci solitons , and K\ '' ahler metrics admitting nonconstant Killing potentials with geodesic gradients .
Above a certain high energy scale $ \breve { \Lambda } $ , the horizontal gauge symmetry is postulated to hold so that the basic fermions , quarks and leptons , form its fundamental triplets , and a triplet and singlet of the horizontal gauge fields distinguish generational degrees of freedom .	A horizontal scalar triplet is introduced to make the gauge fields super-massive by breaking the horizontal symmetry at $ \breve { \Lambda } $ .
Scholars have made handwritten notes and comments in books and manuscripts for centuries .	Today 's blogs and news sites typically invite users to express their opinions on the published content ; URLs allow web resources to be shared with accompanying annotations and comments using third-party services like Twitter or Facebook .
We show that under these assumptions the group $ A ( K^\perf ) /\Tr_ { K|k } ( A ) ( k ) $ is finitely generated .	Here $ K^\perf=K^ { p^ { -\infty } } $ is the maximal purely inseparable extension of $ K $ .
Despite the promise , creating a spin-triplet p-wave single-species fermionic superfluid either from direct p-wave Feshbach resonance or indirectly from the recently proposed artificial spin-orbit and Zeeman couplings can be technologically challenging .	Here we show that such topological superfluids can be far more simply created by using the Kohn-Luttinger effect applied to two species of spin-polarized fermions with a density imbalance .
First , we investigate the occurrence of a centrifugal instability near the oscillating boundary , leading to the so-called Taylor-G\ '' ortler vortices .	A viscous stability criterion is derived and compared to numerical results obtained for various libration frequencies and Ekman numbers .
This work focusses on the bolometers of the CUORE experiment , which are made of TeO $ _2 $ crystals .	The response of these detectors is nonlinear with energy and changes with the operating temperature .
We find two possibilities .	Either dm is coupled to heavy fermions ( but if $ mdm \lesssim 100 $ MeV , an asymmetry between the dm particle and antiparticle number densities is likely to be required ) , or dm is coupled to a new light gauge boson U .
The indirect band gap of BiTl9Te6 and SbTl9Te6 compounds are found to be equal to 0.256 eV and 0.374 eV , respectively .	The spin-orbit coupling has important effects on the electronic structure of the two semiconducting compounds and should therefore be included for a good numerical description of these materials .
In this work we propose a novel framework for detecting active communities that consist of the most active vertices in massive graphs .	The framework is applicable to graphs having billions of vertices and hundreds of billions of edges .
Because of that , the energy distribution shows the same space-time localization as the classical radiation that would be produced by the heavy quark at weak coupling .	We believe that this and some other unnatural features of our result ( like its anisotropy and the presence of regions with negative energy density ) are artifacts of the supergravity approximation , which will be corrected after including string fluctuations .
This implies that the universe becomes transparent after gamma-ray photons redshift below E ( m_ { e } c^2 ) ^ { 2 } /E_ { L } 18 GeV .	Thus , there is only a limited redshift interval over which GeV photons can pair produce .
Pure optimization for efficiency , however , has often led to technical solutions that are vulnerable to variations in supply and demand , and to perturbations .	In contrast , nature already provides a large variety of efficient , flexible and robust logistic solutions .
To investigate IDP binding to hidden target binding sites , we constructed an IDP lattice model based on the HP model .	In our model , the IDP is modeled as a chain and the target is modeled as a highly coarse-grained object .
For a sample of 23 ellipticals with -24 & lt ; Mv & lt ; -15 , our multi-component models span a range of up to 10^6 in SB and 10^5 in radius , have a median rms of 0.032 mag arcsec^-2 , and are statistically justified at & gt ; 3 { \sigma } .	Our models indicate that i ) the central component is more concentrated than the outer component ; and ii ) the central component of 'core ' galaxies is much more luminous , extended and concentrated than that of 'cuspy ' galaxies , with their near exponential central profiles indicating disk-like systems whose existence must be verified spectroscopically .
These frequencies can be changed and switched between ports in less than a microsecond .	The setup includes two phase-locked diode lasers with a phase noise spectral density of less than 1 \mu rad/sqrt ( Hz ) in the frequency range in which our gravimeter is most sensitive to noise .
We start with a discretization of the continuum topological charge by a local charge density , polynomial in the lattice fields .	Among the different choices we propose also a Symanzik -- improved lattice topological charge .
The system-environment interactions are taken into account by including stochastic fluctuating terms in the system Hamiltonian .	Treating these fluctuations as Gaussian Markov processes with zero mean and delta function correlation times , we derive an exact equation of motion describing the dissipative dynamics for a system of n qubits .
Two cases of metrics $ \mu $ have been known for which the problem can be solved in polynomial time : ( a ) $ \mu $ is a modular metric whose underlying graph $ H ( \mu ) $ is hereditary modular and orientable ( in a certain sense ) ; and ( b ) $ \mu $ is a median metric .	In the latter case an optimal solution can be found by use of a cut uncrossing method .
Vanishing results for reduced $ L_ { p , q } $ -cohomology are established in the case of twisted products , which are a~generalization of warped products .	Only the case $ q \leq p $ is considered .
Here , we study the effect of electron-phonon coupling in a graphene and an InAs nanowire double quantum dot .	Our measurements reveal oscillations of the double quantum dot current periodic in energy detuning between the two levels .
The case of a gearbox fitted out with a helical gear pair was considered .	The shafts and the casing were discretised using the finite element method .
In the quintic case , we obtain the above estimate with \alpha = 1/2 via the space-time estimate due to Bourgain [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] .	In the cubic case , we concretely compute the terms arising in the first few steps of the normal form reduction and prove the above estimate with \alpha = 4/9 .
We demonstrate here measurements of i ) the distance between two crystalline ions , ii ) the Lamb-Dicke parameter , iii ) temperature of the ion crystal , and iv ) the interferometric stability of a Raman setup .	The exact distance between two ions , in units of standing wave periods , is very important for motional entangling gates , and our method offers a practical way of calibrating this distance in the typical lab situation .
Single- and multi-lepton channels are treated together in one analysis .	An increase in sensitivity is obtained by simultaneously fitting the number of events in statistically independent signal regions , and the shapes of distributions within those regions .
In Chapter 1 we present a brief description of the LEPTOP approach for the calculation of the radiative corrections in the Minimal Standard Model .	The approach is based on the one-loop approximation with respect to the genuinely electroweak interaction for which simple explicit analytical formulae are valid .
We find a significant dilution in CN enrichment in giant CEMP stars relative to their MS precursors , and take this as evidence that thermohaline mixing induced by mean molecular weight inversions is ineffective in CEMP stars .	This contradicts models that rely on efficient thermohaline mixing induced by small mu gradients in red giants , because such models would predict that MS CEMP stars with large mu inversions would be homogenized on a very short timescale .
We use multi-pointing HST ACS and wide field Subaru Suprime-Cam imaging to study the globular cluster system of the L* elliptical galaxy NGC 4278 .	We have also obtained a handful of new globular cluster spectra with Keck/DEIMOS .
We perform a kinematic comparison of these galaxies and their associated halo MgII absorption .	For all 10 galaxies , the majority of the absorption velocities lie in the range of the observed galaxy rotation velocities .
One approach to accelerate the identification of optimal chemistries is to use samples containing a gradient in composition , ie .	combinatorial samples , and to investigate many different chemistries at the same time .
Let $ \gamma ( G ) $ be the domination number of a graph $ G $ .	A graph $ G $ is \emph { domination-vertex-critical } , or \emph { $ \gamma $ -vertex-critical } , if $ \gamma ( G-v ) & lt ; \gamma ( G ) $ for every vertex $ v \in V ( G ) $ .
3D silicon detectors are characterized by cylindrical electrodes perpendicular to the surface and penetrating into the bulk material in contrast to standard Si detectors with planar electrodes on its top and bottom .	This geometry renders them particularly interesting to be used in environments where standard silicon detectors have limitations , such as for example the radiation environment expected in an LHC upgrade .
Critical phenomena in real fluids demonstrate a combination of universal features caused by the divergence of long-range fluctuations of density and nonuniversal ( system-dependent ) features associated with specific intermolecular interactions .	Asymptotically , all fluids belong to the Ising-model class of universality .
We study the model at two values of the quartic Higgs self-coupling , a strong coupling , $ \lambda = 3.0 $ , and a weak coupling , $ \lambda=0.01 $ .	We map out the phase diagrams and find that the monopole suppression eliminated the confined phase of the standard lattice model at strong gauge coupling .
The resistance is proportional to the spin flip time in the case when the magnetic properties of the conducting system vary smoothly enough along the sample .	It can be used to direct experimental investigation of spin flip processes .
We show that warped higgsless models of electro-weak symmetry breaking are explicit and tractable realizations of this limiting case .	The relation between the naive radion profile often adopted in the study of holographic realizations of the light dilaton scenario and the actual dynamical dilaton field is clarified in the Appendix .
In some cases , we give lower bounds for the total number of subsemigroups of these semigroups .	We give general results for finite completely regular and finite inverse semigroups .
In order to study the molecular gas properties in active galaxies and search for differences between AGN and SB environments , we observed the HCN ( J=1-0 ) , ( J=2-1 ) , ( J=3-2 ) , HCO+ ( J=1-0 ) and HCO+ ( J=3-2 ) , emission with the IRAM 30m in the centre of 12 nearby active galaxies which either exhibit nuclear SB and/or AGN signatures .	Consistent with previous results , we find a significant difference of the HCN ( J=2-1 ) -to-HCN ( J=1-0 ) , HCN ( J=3-2 ) -to-HCN ( J=1-0 ) , HCO+ ( J=3-2 ) -to-HCO+ ( J=3-2 ) , and HCO+-to-HCN intensity ratios between the sources dominated by an AGN and those with an additional or pure central SB : the HCN , HCO+ and HCO+-to-HCN intensity ratios tend to be higher in the galaxies of our sample with a central SB as opposed to the pure AGN cases which show rather low intensity ratios .
The time-dependent Wigner function is matrix-valued because of spin .	The H-theorem holds .
Motivated by applications to goodness of fit testing , the empirical likelihood approach is generalized to allow for the number of constraints to grow with the sample size and for the constraints to use estimated criteria functions .	The latter is needed to deal with nuisance parameters .
This result is generalized to complicated scattering and decay-chain processes with unstable particles in intermediate states .	We analyze applicability of the method and evaluate its accuracy .
Here we describe a general class of phase transition processes including this example as particular case .	Moreover , we study the resulting nonlinear and singular PDE system from the analytical viewpoint recovering existence of a global ( in time ) weak solution and also uniqueness for some particular choices of the nonlinear functions involved .
By using this group of approximation methods , some expectation integrals , which are complicated to analyze and have high computational complexity to evaluate through Monte Carlo simulations , are computed .	For these integrals , by using the sampling property of the integrand functions of one or more arguments , reliable BER expressions revealing the diversity and coding gains are derived .
We predict an enhancement of the effective mass at low temperatures and a non-monotonic temperature dependence at higher temperatures ( T/T_F ~ 0.1 ) with the peak shifting toward higher temperatures as density decreases .	In three dimensions , we find that the effective mass temperature dependence is nonlinear and non-universal , and depends on the electron density in a complicated way .
We clarify the nontrivial relationship between the kinetic matrix $ K $ -- - unambiguously defined by its form in a Minkowski-reduced basis -- - and the diameter of the axion fundamental domain , emphasizing that in general the diameter is not solely determined by the eigenvalues $ f_1^2 \le ... \le f_N^2 $ of $ K $ : the orientations of the eigenvectors with respect to the identifications imposed by instantons must be incorporated .	In particular , even if one were to impose the condition $ f_N & lt ; M_ { pl } $ , this would imply neither $ { \cal D } & lt ; M_ { pl } $ nor $ { \cal D } & lt ; \sqrt { N } M_ { pl } $ .
We will also find ~100000 galaxy clusters , making it the largest survey of this type to date .	The DEMON spacecraft will comprise one IR/optical and eight X-ray telescopes , coupled to multiple cameras operating at different frequency bands .
This generates a complex energy landscape with countably-many G-related wells in strain space , whereon the material evolves by energy minimization under the loading through spontaneous slip processes inducing the creation and motion of dislocations without the need of auxiliary hypotheses .	Multiple slips may be activated simultaneously , in domains separated by a priori unknown free boundaries .
In the setting of the tropical Pacific , we introduce an `` inquiry dependent '' ( ID ) metric of model-data comparison that determines the relative importance of the TOGA-TAO buoy observations of the ocean temperature , salinity , and horizontal currents for influencing upper-ocean vertical turbulent mixing as represented by the K-Profile Parameterization ( KPP ) embedded in the MIT general circulation model ( MITgcm ) for the 2004-2007 time period .	The ID metric addresses a challenge that the wind forcing is likely a more significant source of uncertainty for the ocean state than the turbulence itself , and that the observations are correlated in time , space , and across ocean state variables .
Upper limits at the 95 % confidence level are set on the cross section times branching ratio of Z ' resonances decaying to dielectrons and dimuons as a function of the resonance mass .	A lower mass limit of 1.048 TeV on the Sequential Standard Model Z ' boson is derived , as well as mass limits on Z* and E ( 6 ) -motivated Z ' models .
The Rankin-Selberg method for studying Langlands ' automorphic $ L $ -functions is to find integral representations , involving certain Fourier coefficients of cusp forms and Eisenstein series , for these functions .	In this thesis we develop the local theory for generic representations of special orthogonal groups .
The rapid expansion of the fireball of deconfined matter created in heavy ion collisions facilitates formation of an over-saturated strange quark phase space .	The related excess abundance of strangeness is compensating the suppression of this semi-heavy quark yield by its quark mass .
We show that such A obeys the Lorenz gauge and also a wave equation that can be written in terms of the covariant D'Alembertian or the Ricci operator .	Moreover , we determine the correct current defined by that potential showing that it is of superconducting type , being two times the product of the components of A by the Ricci 1-form fields .
In this paper the simultaneous inhomogeneous analogue of Sprindzuk 's conjecture is established .	More precisely , for any `inhomogeneous ' vector $ \bm\theta\in\R^n $ we prove that the simultaneous inhomogeneous Diophantine exponent $ w_ { 0 } ( \vv x , \bm\theta ) = 1/n $ for almost every point $ \vv x $ on $ M $ .
Herein it is established that a distortion constraint for channel state estimation can be reduced to an additional cost constraint on the source input distribution , in the limit of large coding block length .	A newly defined capacity-distortion function thus characterizes the fundamental tradeoff between transmission rate and state estimation distortion .
In this paper we investigate a quantity called conditional entropy of ordinal patterns , akin to the permutation entropy .	The conditional entropy of ordinal patterns describes the average diversity of the ordinal patterns succeeding a given ordinal pattern .
The minimal Scherk-Schwarz set up possesses novel phenomenology , which we briefly outline .	We show that achieving the observed physical Higgs mass motivates extra structure that does not significantly affect the level of tuning ( always better than $ \sim 10\ % $ ) and we explore three qualitatively different extensions : the addition of extra matter that couples to the Higgs , an extra $ U ( 1 ) ^\prime $ gauge group under which the Higgs is charged and an NMSSM-like solution to the Higgs mass problem .
Threshold phenomena are investigated using a general approach , following Talagrand [ Ann.Probab .	22 ( 1994 ) 1576 -- 1587 ] and Friedgut and Kalai [ Proc.Amer.Math.Soc .
This suggests that beamsplitters or , more generally , linear-optical networks are mediators of the two notions of nonclassicality .	In this Brief Report , we show the following : Given a nonclassical pure-product-state input to an N-port linear-optical network , the output is almost always mode entangled ; the only exception is a product of squeezed states , all with the same squeezing strength , input to a network that does not mix the squeezed and anti-squeezed quadratures .
The resulting quasienergy structures may then differ for different valleys , so that the Floquet physics of the system can be exploited to produce highly polarized valley currents .	This physics can be utilized to realize a valley valve whose behavior is determined optically .
In this paper we present a profile-based approach to information filtering by an analysis of the content of text documents .	The Wikipedia index database is created and used to automatically generate the user profile from the user document collection .
They can be seen as natural $ h $ -transforms of the extensions to the diffusion framework of the evolving sets of Morris-Peres .	Starting from a singleton set , the dual process begins by evolving into true segments in the same way a Bessel process of dimension 3 escapes from 0 .
In this paper we propose to use the reduced-state sequence estimation ( RSSE ) algorithm to significantly reduce the complexity , and render MHMT practical .	We first consider a commonly used symmetric two-head two-track ( 2H2T ) channel model .
In LIO , \Delta R ( t , T ) is anisotropic and comprised of three T dependent components .	Two of these components are related to the onset of magnetic order and the third is related to a photoinduced population of metastable electronic excited states .
We investigated the environment of the infrared dust bubble N68 and searched for evidence of triggered star formation in its surroundings .	We performed a multiwavelength study of the nebula with data taken from several large-scale surveys : GLIMPSE , MIPSGAL , IRAS , NVSS , GRS , and JCMT .
The constraint satisfaction problem ( CSP ) and its quantified extensions , whether without ( QCSP ) or with disjunction ( QCSP_or ) , correspond naturally to the model checking problem for three increasingly stronger fragments of positive first-order logic .	Their complexity is often studied when parameterised by a fixed model , the so-called template .
To study transport properties of complex networks , we analyze the equivalent conductance $ G $ between two arbitrarily chosen nodes of random scale-free networks with degree distribution $ P ( k ) \sim k^ { -\lambda } $ in which each link has the same unit resistance .	We predict a broad range of values of $ G $ , with a power-law tail distribution $ \Phi_ { \rm SF } ( G ) \sim G^ { -g_G } $ , where $ g_G=2\lambda -1 $ , and confirm our predictions by simulations .
In particular , a canonical representation of the set of all possible feasible equilibrium solutions is developed .	The characterization is made in terms of compartmental matrices which by construction are strictly stable and define the so-called family of solutions .
Here we consider curvature driven fows of planar curves , with an additional space-dependent forcing term .	Motivated by a homogenization problem , we look for estimates which depend only on the uniform norm of the forcing term .
With this example it is demonstrated that definitions of `` realism '' in the literature are simply too restrictive .	A prevailing manner to define realism in quantum mechanics is in terms of pre-determination independent of the measurement .
An overview of the evolution of computing-oriented publications in high energy physics following the start of operation of LHC .	Quantitative analyses are illustrated , which document the production of scholarly papers on computing-related topics by high energy physics experiments and core tools projects , and the citations they receive .
We study the effects of momentum relaxation on observables in a recently proposed holographic model in which the conservation of momentum in the field theory is broken by the presence of a bulk graviton mass .	In the hydrodynamic limit , we show that these effects can be incorporated by a simple modification of the energy-momentum conservation equation to account for the dissipation of momentum over a single characteristic timescale .
Therefore , the higher education has moved their systems to Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) systems to cope with the needs of changing environment .	However , the literature review indicates that there is void on the evaluation of success or failure of ERP systems in higher education Institutes in Pakistan .
} , we study the generation of electron-induced radiation from electrons ' interaction with Maxwell 's fish-eye sphere .	Our calculation shows that the radiation is due to a combination of \u { C } erenkov radiation and transition radiation , which may pave the way to investigate new schemes of transferring evanescent wave to radiation .
The average Schmidt strength of such a bipartite diagonal quantum gate is shown to scale as $ \log N $ , in contrast to the $ \log N^2 $ behavior characteristic to random unitary gates .	Entangling power of a diagonal gate $ U $ is related to the von Neumann entropy of an auxiliary quantum state $ \rho=AA^ { \dagger } /N^2 $ , where the square matrix $ A $ is obtained by reshaping the vector of diagonal elements of $ U $ of length $ N^2 $ into a square matrix of order $ N $ .
Additionally , the search for Planet X prior to Pluto 's discovery results in mass calculations that date back several decades earlier .	Over its observed history , the mass of Pluto has consistently decreased .
A model-independent estimate of the inelastic contributions shows they are quite significant , lowering the form factor by about 6 % or more .	This results in an unbiased estimate F ( 1 ) \approx 0.86 with about three percent uncertainty in the central value .
Moreover , our technique is different and simpler .	In addition , we also discuss the commutator $ [ C_\psi^ { \ast } , C_\varphi ] $ on the Dirichlet space $ \mathcal { D } ( B_N ) $ , where $ \varphi $ and $ \psi $ are linear fractional self-maps or both automorphisms of $ B_N $ .
XML document markup is highly repetitive and therefore well compressible using dictionary-based methods such as DAGs or grammars .	In the context of selectivity estimation , grammar-compressed trees were used before as synopsis for structural XPath queries .
Chandra and VLA observations of the symbiotic star R Aqr in 2004 reveal significant changes over the three to four year interval between these observations and previous observations taken with the VLA in 1999 and with Chandra in 2000 .	This paper reports on the evolution of the outer thermal X-ray lobe-jets and radio jets .
We estimate the radius of the bubble at zero pressure and temperature based on the zero point energy of the electron .	If the liquid is held in a state of negative pressure , the bubble will expand beyond the radius at zero pressure .
Very high nucleation rates and densities ( 10^8-10^ { 10 } cm^ { -2 } ) were obtained under 1 torr , which were 1-3 orders of magnitude higher than the counterpart ( 10^7 cm^ { -2 } ) under conventionally low pressure ( tens of torr ) .	The effects of substrate temperature and methane concentration under very low pressure were also investigated , revealing that , overly high substrate temperature leads to a relatively low nucleation density , and that higher CH_4 concentration gives rise to a higher density and a higher rate .
Inversion techniques are able to bypass the difficulties of a detailed description of the energy balance .	Assuming that the atmosphere is in hydrostatic equilibrium and LTE , it is possible to constrain its structure from spectroscopic observations .
The images reveal interaction features between both systems and strong H $ \alpha $ emission in the inner part of IRAS 08339+6517 .	The chemical composition of the ionized gas of the galaxies is rather similar .
The interaction of moving discrete solitons with a linear Gaussian defect is investigated .	Solitons with profiles varying from hyperbolic secant to exponentially localized are considered such that the mobility of soliton is maintained ; the condition for which is obtained .
In this paper , we describe a so-called screening approach for learning robust processing of spontaneously spoken language .	A screening approach is a flat analysis which uses shallow sequences of category representations for analyzing an utterance at various syntactic , semantic and dialog levels .
On the other hand , nonparametric models have a very flexible structure , but they suffer from the curse-of-dimensionality and are not practical for high-dimensional systems .	The semiparametric approach loosens the structure of a parametric model by fitting a data-driven nonparametric model for the parameters .
The outage-constrained weighted sum rate maximization problem is a nonconvex optimization problem and is difficult to solve .	While it is possible to optimally deal with this problem in an exhaustive search manner by finding all the Pareto-optimal rate tuples in the ( discretized ) outage-constrained achievable rate region , this approach , however , suffers from a prohibitive computational complexity and is feasible only when the number of transmitter-receive pairs is small .
The local $ J_ { \rm c } $ decreased slightly with increasing magnetic field .	The global $ J_ { \rm c } $ was independent of the preparation method , while the local $ J_ { \rm c } $ was larger for samples prepared by PIT than for those prepared by solid-state reaction .
This branching aspect is even more critical when dealing with multi-modal logics , i.e.logics expressing facts about systems with several transition relations .	A prominent example is CTLK , a logic that reasons about temporal and epistemic properties of multi-agent systems .
A theory for wave mechanical systems with local inversion and translation symmetries is developed employing the two-dimensional solution space of the stationary Schr\ '' odinger equation .	The local symmetries of the potential are encoded into corresponding local basis vectors in terms of symmetry-induced two-point invariant currents which map the basis amplitudes between symmetry-related points .
The reddening in Be 62varies from $ E ( B-V ) _ { min } $ = 0.70 mag to $ E ( B-V ) _ { max } $ = 1.00 mag .	The corona of six of the clusters in the present sample is found to be elongated , however on the basis of the present sample it is not possible to establish any correlation between the age and shape of the core .
In the String-Averaging algorithmic regime , the index set of all underlying equations is split into subsets , called `` strings , '' and the algorithm separately proceeds along each string , possibly in parallel .	Then , the end-points of all strings are averaged to form the next iterate .
It is useful to take a slightly wider view and define all objects over the ( rational ) adeles A , thereby also paving the way for connections to number theory , representation theory and the Langlands program .	Most of the results we present are already scattered throughout the mathematics literature but our exposition collects them together and is driven by examples .
Analysis of archival data from ASCA , SAX and RXTE is presented .	The X-ray continuum be can modeled with the standard low-mass X-ray binary spectrum , an isothermal blackbody and a Comptonized component .
In order to overcome this issue , both Goeman , Finos and van Houwelingen ( 2011 ) and Zhong and Chen ( 2011 ) proposed their test procedures after excluding the $ ( \X^ { ' } \X ) ^ { -1 } $ term in $ F $ -statistics .	However , both these two test are not invariant under the group of scalar transformations .
The triumph of 3-D simulations , 3 .	How to lower the cost - what else can be done ? 4 .
This is because an air layer must exist between the two interfaces .	For a soft gel , no air layer is necessary and jet rebound remains stable even when there is direct liquid-gel contact .
( 2013 ) after calibrating flicker against a more robust set of asteroseismically derived surface gravities .	We describe in detail how we extract the flicker signal from the light curves , including how we treat phenomena , such as exoplanet transits and shot noise , that adversely affect the measurement of flicker .
We examined the spin vector distribution of these 54 galaxies for evidence of preferential galaxy alignments .	We use the Kuiper statistic , a variant of the Kolmogorov -- Smirnov statistic , to determine the significance of any anisotropies in the distribution of galaxy spin vectors .
We study the time dependency of Vega-like excesses using infrared studies obtained with the imaging photopolarimeter ISOPHOT on board of ISO .	We review the different studies published on this issue , and critically check and revise ages and fractional luminosities in the different samples .
They are characterized amongst a class of symplectic manifolds by the existence of many totally geodesic symplectic submanifolds .	We present a particular class of Radon type tranforms , associating to a smooth compactly supported function on a homogeneous manifold $ M $ , a function on a homogeneous space $ N $ of totally geodesic submanifolds of $ M $ , and vice versa .
In 1989 , Bitar conjectured that the period of a parallel chip-firing game with n vertices is at most n. Though this conjecture was disproven in 1994 by Kiwi et .	al. , it has been proven for particular classes of graphs , specifically trees ( Bitar and Goles , 1992 ) and the complete graph K_n ( Levine , 2008 ) .
The gap is calculated with a one-boson-exchange interaction obtained from a relativistic Lagrangian .	It is found that at background density \rho_ { N } =2.5\rho_ { 0 } the \Lambda\Lambda pairing gap is very small , and that denser background makes it rapidly suppressed .
While this rate of spread has been calculated from numerical solutions of reaction-diffusion models , none have examined the spectral stability of such travelling wave solutions .	In this study we analyse the stability of a travelling wave solution generated by the reaction-diffusion model of Chan & amp ; Kim ( 2013 ) by computing the essential and point spectrum of the linearised operator arising in the model .
We show that a linear time-expanded model can reproduce realistic travel times especially for use with traffic signals and we verify this by simulation .	Furthermore , we show how exact mathematical programming techniques can be used for optimizing the control of traffic signals .
Here we adopt a more realistic premise ; namely that populations consist of multiple networks , whose members migrate from one to another .	Specifically , we isolate the key elements of the scenario where a minority of members from a cooperative network migrate to a network populated by defectors .
A straightforward estimator of the rare event probability is given by the proportion of simulated particles for which the rare event occurs .	The variance of this estimator we get is the sum of two parts : one part resuming the variability due to each threshold and a second part resuming the variability due to the thresholds number .
It is well known that in manifestly Lorentz invariant theories with nontrivial kinetic terms , perturbations around some classical backgrounds can travel faster than light .	These exotic `` supersonic '' models may have interesting consequences for cosmology and astrophysics .
We perform a numerical analysis of superfluid turbulence produced by thermal counterflow in He II by using the vortex filament model .	Counterflow in a low aspect ratio channel is known to show the transition from laminar flow to the two turbulent states TI and TII .
Linearized field equations are obtained for fluctuations of the scalar and vector fields of the theory , and a set of approximate particular solutions are found for the case in which the linear charge density and the current of the string have equal magnitudes .	Although the equations of motion seem to suggest that the scalar and vector excitation fields are massive inside the string core , the particular solutions show that they behave as effectively massless fields which propagate at the speed of light along the string along with the primary charge/current pulse .
The Betti numbers of the Semigroup rings collection associated with a_j are conjectured to be eventually periodic with period a+b+c by Herzog and Srinivasan .	Let p in N , in this paper , we prove that for a = ( p ( b+c ) , b , c ) or a = ( a , b , p ( a+b ) ) in the collection of defining ideals associated with a_j , for large j the ideals are complete intersections if and only if ( a + b + c ) |j .
The optimal rate-distortion region for this problem is unknown .	The separation approach divides the problem into two complementary problems : source successive refinement and broadcast channel transmission .
We present a simplified version of the atomic dark matter scenario , in which charged dark constituents are bound into atoms analogous to hydrogen by a massless hidden sector U ( 1 ) gauge interaction .	Previous studies have assumed that interactions between the dark sector and the standard model are mediated by a second , massive Z ' gauge boson , but here we consider the case where only a massless gamma ' kinetically mixes with the standard model hypercharge and thereby mediates direct detection .
Large transverse momentum distributions of identified particles observed at RHIC are analyzed by a relativistic stochastic model in the three dimensional ( non-Euclidean ) rapidity space .	A distribution function obtained from the model is Gaussian-like in radial rapidity .
Assuming smoothness of solutions , we discretize these problems in space using standard Galerkin-finite element methods and prove $ L^ { 2 } $ -error estimates for the semidiscrete problems for quasiuniform and uniform meshes .	In particular we show that in the case of spatial discretizations with piecewise linear continuous functions on a uniform mesh , suitable compatibility conditions at the boundary and superaccuracy properties of the $ L^ { 2 } $ projection on the finite element subspaces lead to an optimal-order $ O ( h^ { 2 } ) $ $ L^ { 2 } $ -error estimate .
Observations of the type II SN 1996L reveal the presence of a slowly expanding ( V~700 $ km/s ) shell at ~ 10^ ( 16 ) cm from the exploding star .	Narrow emission features are visible in the early spectra superposed on the normal SN spectrum .
We present a new method aiming to simplify the cosmological analysis of X-ray cluster surveys .	It is based on purely instrumental observable quantities , considered in a two-dimensional X-ray colour-magnitude diagram ( hardness ratio versus count-rate ) .
Within the levels of statistical significance , no variability was found .	Rather than periodic on short time scales , the Halpha behaviour seems to be commonly episodic on longer ( & gt ; 1 year ) time scales , as an assessment of the existing data on the Halpha line and the Hipparcos photometry suggests .
The stable dissipative surface solitons exist in both focusing and defocusing media , when propagation constants of corresponding states fall into a total semi-infinite and or into one of total finite gaps of the spectrum ( i.e.in a domain where propagation of linear waves is inhibited for the both media ) .	In a general situation , the surface solitons form when amplification coefficient exceeds threshold value .
The first one is the well known disentanglement of bulk polymer chains from the surface layer .	However , if the surface is ideal at the atomic scale , the adsorbed parts of polymer chains can move along the equipotential lines of the surface potential .
The strain-whitening phenomenon in semicrystalline polymers has its origin of cavitation process during stretching .	In this work , the effect of crystalline lamellar thickness and stretching temperature on the cavitation process in PB-1 has been investigated by means of combined synchrotron ultrasmall-angle and wide-angle X-ray scattering techniques .
We provide several new results on quantum state space , on lattice of subspaces of an infinite dimensional Hilbert space , and on infinite dimensional Hilbert space equations as well as on connections between them .	In particular we obtain an n-variable generalized orthoarguesian equation which holds in any infinite dimensional Hilbert space .
It corresponds to the compressible Navier-Stokes system with large Mach number equal to $ \frac { 1 } { \sqrt { \varepsilon } } $ for $ \varepsilon $ going to $ 0 $ .	When the initial velocity is related to the gradient of the initial density , a solution to the continuity equation- $ \rho_\varepsilon $ converges to the unique solution to the porous medium equation [ 13,14 ] .
Pour les algebres commutatives a homotopit pres ( algebres sur une resolution cofibrante de l'operade des algebres commutatives ) , on demontre en utilisant les formes differentielles generalisees que le modele de la fibre d'une application simpliciale est la cofibre du modele de ce morphisme .	We construct functors of generalized differential forms .
Unitarity indicates that the total probability of a definite state of quark system to transit to any final state is exactly one .	This talk reviews some important conclusions/predictions from the basic properties like unitarity of the combination model , as addressed by the title .
One poorly understood problem in this coagulation process is the manner in which micron-sized , charged grains form the fractal aggregate structures now thought to be the precursors of protoplanetary disk evolution .	This study examines the characteristics of such fractal aggregates formed by the collision of spherical monomers and aggregates where the charge is distributed over the aggregate structure .
The one-level scaling density for the first family corresponds to the orthogonal distribution as predicted by the conjectures of Katz and Sarnak , and the one-level scaling density for the second family is the sum of the Dirac distribution and the even orthogonal distribution .	This seems to be a new phenomenon , caused by the fact that the curves of the second families have odd rank .
The clumps have been classified as protostellar or starless , based on their emission ( or lack of emission ) at 70 mum .	We identify 1723 clumps , 1056 ( 61 % ) of which are protostellar and 667 ( 39 % ) starless .
We construct a realization of $ OSp ( 1|8 ) $ on the coset supermanifold $ OSp ( 1|8 ) /SL ( 4 , R ) $ which involves the tensorial superspace $ R^ { ( 10|4 ) } $ and Goldstone superfields given on it .	The covariant superfield equation encompassing the component ones for all integer and half-integer massless higher spins amounts to the vanishing of covariant spinor derivatives of the suitable Goldstone superfields , and , via Maurer-Cartan equations , to the vanishing of $ SL ( 4 , R ) $ supercurvature in odd directions of $ R^ { ( 10|4 ) } $ .
The simulations support the theory very well for low and moderate densities .	For higher densities , we have observed the onset of the formation of clusters and shear bands .
In this paper , we study the feasibility of the Local Linearization ( LL ) approach for the simultaneous numerical integration of the ODE and the evaluation of such derivatives .	This integration approach results in a stable method for the accurate approximation of the derivatives with no more computational cost than the that involved in the integration of the ODE .
Glycine molecules deposited on Cu ( 100 ) surface give rise to an anisotropic free-electron-like ( FEL ) electronic dispersion in its p ( 2 $ \times $ 4 ) superstructure , as reported in recent experiments [ Phys.Rev.Lett .	{ \bf 99 } , 216102 ( 2007 ) ; J.Am.Chem.Soc .
We compare the growth rate of the model controlled by a time-periodic control on its coefficients with the growth rate of stationary models of the same nature , but with averaged coefficients .	We firstly derive a delay differential equation which allows us to prove several inequalities and equalities on the growth rates .
Then very soon they were rederived in Riemannian and in Finslerian geometry .	Recently I have found that normality equations can be derived in geometry given by classical and/or generalized Legendre transformation .
We consider the inclusive production of hadrons in lepton-nucleon scattering .	For a transversely polarized nucleon this reaction shows a left-right azimuthal asymmetry , which we compute this asymmetry in both TMD and in twist-3 collinear factorization formalisms .
J Appl Phys 1964 ; 35:444 ) to the case of rapid solidification , we extend the model by introducing the local nonequilibrium in the solute diffusion field around the interface .	A solution to the heat- and mass-transport problem around the perturbed interface is given in the presence of the local nonequilibrium solute diffusion .
We have performed a detailed analysis of the different possible neutrino mass matrices within the framework of the $ A_4 $ model .	We take into account all possible singlet and triplet Higgs scalars which leave the Lagrangian invariant under $ A_4 $ .
We find that these shocks dissipate their energy primarily through CO rotational transitions and by compressing pre-existing magnetic fields .	We present model spectra for these shocks and by combining these models with estimates for the rate of turbulent energy dissipation , we show that shock emission should dominate over emission from unshocked gas for mid to high rotational transitions ( J & gt ; 5 ) of CO. We also find that the turbulent energy dissipation rate is roughly equivalent to the cosmic-ray heating rate and that the ambipolar diffusion heating rate may be significant , especially in shocked gas .
Moreover , real clocks can be described in terms of effective interactions that are nonlocal in time .	Alternatively , they can be modeled by an effective thermal bath coupled to the system .
It is known that the classical capacity of quantum channels can be enhanced by such entangled encoding schemes , but this is not always the case .	In this paper , we prove that a strong converse theorem holds for the classical capacity of an entanglement-breaking channel even when it is assisted by a classical feedback link from the receiver to the transmitter .
We calculate the thermal relaxation of the neutron star ocean and crust including the thermal and compositional fluxes due to convection .	After the inward propagating cooling wave reaches the base of the neutron star ocean , the ocean begins to freeze , driving chemical separation .
In this paper , three new families of ZDB functions are presented .	The first construction , inspired by the recent work \cite { Cai13 } , gives ZDB functions defined on the abelian groups $ ( \gf ( q_1 ) \times \cdots \times \gf ( q_k ) , + ) $ with new and flexible parameters .
We also report the spectral ( energy ) distributions of several resonant transitions , which exhibit interesting structures , such as zeroes in the emission spectrum , indicating that two-photon emission is strongly suppressed at certain frequencies .	We compare two different approaches ( the Line Profile Approach ( LPA ) and the QED approach based on the analysis of the relativistic two-loop self energy ( TLA ) ) to regularize the resonant contribution to the decay rate .
The Galactic background emission was modeled by a 2-temperature thermal component , which is typical for Galactic diffuse emission .	We detected significant diffuse excess emission above the particle background level from the whole field-of-view .
To deal with the data , we consider the Dakhno-Nikonov eikonal model which predicts a growth of the $ \ln^2s $ type for total and elastic cross sections and $ ( \tau= { \bf q } _\perp^2\ln^2s ) $ -scaling for diffractive scattering and diffractive dissociation of hadrons .	According to the calculations , ultrahigh energy asymptotic characteristics of diffractive and total cross sections are universal , and this results in the asymptotic equality of cross sections for all types of hadrons .
First , we settle a conjecture of Das et.al .	( 2012 ) and prove that the connectivity condition on Random Geometric Graphs ( RGG ) , given by Gupta and Kumar ( 1989 ) , can be used to derive a weak sufficient condition to achieve connectivity in DC-WSN .
In particular , we found that cities share structural similarities due to their quasi planarity but that there are also several distinctive geometrical proprieties .	A Principal Component Analysis is also performed on the distributions of centralities and their respective moments , which is used to find distinctive characteristics by which we can classify cities into families .
We present a novel method for the synthesis of finite state systems that is a generalisation of the generalised reactivity ( 1 ) synthesis approach by Piterman , Pnueli and Sa'ar .	In particular , we describe an efficient method to synthesize systems from linear-time temporal logic specifications for which all assumptions and guarantees have a Rabin index of one .
Nevertheless , we provide a qualitative answer to an analogue of the Erd\H { o } s-Moser problem in this setting , by establishing a structure theorem , which roughly speaking asserts that $ A $ is either efficiently covered by $ \phi ( A ) $ finite subgroups of $ G $ , or by fewer than $ \phi ( A ) $ finite subgroups of $ G $ together with a residual set of bounded cardinality .	In order to avoid a large number of nested inductive arguments , our proof uses the language of nonstandard analysis .
The source was for the first time detected in the very high energy ( VHE , $ E & gt ; 100 $ GeV ) $ \gamma $ -ray band with a statistical significance of 5.9 $ \sigma $ .	The integral flux above 150 GeV is estimated to be $ ( 2.0\pm 0.5 ) $ per cent of the Crab Nebula flux .
Incompatible observables can be approximated by compatible observables in joint measurement or measured sequentially , with constrained accuracy as implied by Heisenberg 's original formulation of the uncertainty principle .	Recently , Busch , Lahti , and Werner proposed inaccuracy trade-off relations based on statistical distances between probability distributions of measurement outcomes [ Phys.Rev.Lett .
Neuronal networks can present activity described by power-law distributed avalanches presumed to be a signature of a critical state .	Here we study a random-neighbor network of excitable cellular automata coupled by dynamical synapses .
The majority of the newly found 1720 MHz OH masers are located to the northeast , independently indicating and confirming an area of shock interaction with the +50 km/s molecular cloud ( M-0.02-0.07 ) on the far side of Sgr A East .	The previously known bright masers in the southeast are suggested to be the result of the interaction between two supernova remnants , instead of between Sgr A East and the surrounding molecular clouds as generally found elsewhere in the Galaxy .
Directional point-contact Andreev-reflection spectroscopy measurements on the Ba $ _ { 0.55 } $ K $ _ { 0.45 } $ Fe $ _2 $ As $ _2 $ single crystals are presented .	The spectra show significant differences when measured in the $ ab $ plane in comparison with those measured in the $ c $ direction of the crystal .
Employing both the Hubbard -- Ohno potential and the screened potential in one dimension , we reproduce the experimental results for the binding energy of the singlet exciton and its polarizability .	Our results indicate that there are optically dark states below the singlet exciton , in agreement with experiment .
In previous works it was shown that when the additional extra metric , needed to generate the mass term , is taken as non-dynamical and flat , no homogeneous FRW cosmology exists .	We show that , when the additional metric is a dynamical field , a perfectly safe FRW universe exists .
The problem is difficult due to many factors such as intra-class variations , local deformations , articulations , viewpoint changes and missed and extraneous contour portions due to errors in shape extraction .	While small local deformations has been handled in the literature by allowing some leeway in the matching of individual contour points via methods such as Chamfer distance and Hausdorff distance , handling more severe deformations and articulations has been done by applying local geometric corrections such as similarity or affine .
Models for generating simple graphs are important in the study of real-world complex networks .	A well established example of such a model is the erased configuration model , where each node receives a number of half-edges that are connected to half-edges of other nodes at random , and then self-loops are removed and multiple edges are concatenated to make the graph simple .
We exhibit large classes of examples of noncommutative finite-dimensional manifolds which are ( non-formal ) deformations of classical manifolds .	The main result of this paper is a complete description of noncommutative three-dimensional spherical manifolds , a noncommutative version of the sphere $ S^3 $ defined by basic K-theoretic equations .
On dust surfaces , water is the main constituent of the icy mantle in which a complex chemistry is taking place .	We aim to study the formation pathways and the composition of the ices throughout the evolution of diffuse clouds .
Along the excitatory route , the system becomes overly activated even for an infinitesimal perturbation and its crossover becomes discontinuous .	Along the inhibitory route , we find continuous crossover with the universal crossover exponent $ \phi\simeq 1.78 ( 6 ) $ , which is argued to be equal to $ \nu_\| $ , the relaxation time exponent of the DP universality class on a general footing .
The first player wins this game if and only if at the end , all the vertices are colored .	The game chromatic number $ \chi_g ( G ) $ is defined as the smallest k for which the first player has a winning strategy .
Recent observations show that inner discs and rings ( IDs and IRs , henceforth ) are not preferably found in barred galaxies , a fact that points to the relevance of formation mechanisms different to the traditional bar-origin scenario .	In contrast , the role of minor mergers in the formation of these inner components ( ICs ) , while often invoked , is still poorly understood .
We use the string field theory to construct a theory of massless fields on the doubled torus .	Key to the consistency is a constraint on fields and gauge parameters that arises from the L_0 - \bar L_0=0 condition in closed string theory .
In the context of an Abelian gauge symmetry , spontaneously broken at a first-order transition , we discuss the evolution of the phase difference between the Higgs fields in colliding bubbles .	We show that the effect of dissipation , represented by a finite plasma conductivity , is to cause the phases to equlibrate on a time-scale , determined by the conductivity , which can be much smaller than the bubble radii at the time of collision .
In general , atom-atom interaction causes dephasing and destroys Bloch oscillations .	Here , we show that Bloch oscillations are persistent if the interaction is modulated harmonically with suitable frequency and phase .
The circumstellar environment of L2 Pup , an oxygen-rich semiregular variable , was observed to understand the evolution of mass loss and the shaping of ejecta in the late stages of stellar evolution .	High-angular resolution observations from a single 8 m telescope were obtained using aperture masking in the near-infrared ( 1.64 , 2.30 and 3.74 $ \rm\mu m $ ) on the NACO/VLT , both in imaging and polarimetric modes .
This is made possible mainly by two technical innovations .	First , we propose a Projection Layer , which projects estimated 3D structure to 2D space , so that 3D-INN can be trained to predict 3D structural parameters supervised by 2D annotations on real images .
We find a clear correlation between atoms with opposite momenta , demonstrating pair production in the scattering process .	We also observe a Hanbury Brown and Twiss correlation for collinear momenta , which permits an independent measurement of the size of the pair production source and thus the size of the spatial mode .
Distances between `` infinitesimally close '' power spectra are quadratic , and hence , they induce a differential-geometric structure .	We study the corresponding Riemannian metrics and , for a particular case , provide explicit formulae for the corresponding geodesics and geodesic distances .
We write the theory of scalar metric fluctuations in the $ \kappa- $ deformed Robertson-Walker space , which is represented as a non-local theory in the conventional Robertson-Walker space .	One important consequence of the deformation is that the mode generation time is naturally determined by the structure of the $ \kappa- $ deformation .
We have determined the cluster X-ray temperature function from two flux- and redshift-limited samples of clusters .	The first sample is comprised of 25 clusters with average redshift 0.05 .
In numerical results it was found that the associated mean-field model had attractive properties for purposes of control .	In particular , when viewed as an input-output system , its linearization was found to be minimum phase .
We consider the transport of non-interacting electrons on two- and three-dimensional random Voronoi-Delaunay lattices .	It was recently shown that these topologically disordered lattices feature strong disorder anticorrelations between the coordination numbers that qualitatively change the properties of continuous and first-order phase transitions .
By using the mean-field model we obtain a stability diagram for the vortex states in purely dipolar BECs as a function of harmonic trap aspect ratio ( $ \lambda $ ) and dipole-dipole interaction strength ( $ D $ ) under rotation .	Rotating the condensate within the unstable region leads to collapse , while in the stable region furnishes stable vortex lattices of dipolar BECs .
We investigate the link between information and thermodynamics embodied by Landauer 's principle in the open dynamics of a multipartite quantum system .	Such irreversible dynamics is described in terms of a collisional model with a finite temperature reservoir .
One of the key points of the method is the use of a non-perturbative ansatz for the heat-kernel that returns the effective action in partially resummed form , providing a way to go beyond the approximations based on the Ginzburg-Landau expansion for the partition function .	The effective action for the case of ultra-static Riemannian spacetimes with compact spatial section is discussed in general and a series representation , valid when the chemical potential satisfies a certain constraint , is derived .
A simple cross-correlation study shows evidence for delays of up to several hundred days between the variations seen at the shortest wavelengths and the longest in many galaxies .	In particular , the data for F9 now extend to twice the interval covered earlier and the delay between its UV and IR outputs persists .
Finally , we outline how a two-dimensional square array of O ( n ) * O ( n ) cells can be used to solve ( to working accuracy ) the eigenvalue problem for a symmetric real n* n matrix in time O ( nS ( n ) ) .	Here S ( n ) is a slowly growing function of n ; for practical purposes S ( n ) can be regarded as a constant .
We present a single electron approach to analyse the magnetotransport properties of the monolayer graphene as a function of both , the gate voltage and the magnetic field ; and , also , their evolution with temperature .	The model proposed means the extension of our previous one developed for studying the quantum Hall and Shubnikov-de Haas effects of a two-dimensional electron system in a semiconductor quantum well .
We present a method for simulating relativistic and nonrelativistic scalar field theories at finite density , with matter transforming in the fundamental representation of the global symmetry group O ( N ) .	The method avoids the problem of complex probability weights which is present in conventional path integral Monte Carlo algorithms .
With increasing disorder we observe that as kFl -- & gt ; 1 the superconducting transition temperature ( Tc ) and minimum conductivity ( sigma_0 ) go to zero .	The phase diagram shows that in homogeneously disordered 3-D NbN films , the metal-insulator transition and the superconductor-insulator transition occur at a single quantum critical point at kFl~1 .
We derive the five-dimensional effective action of strongly coupled heterotic string theory for the complete ( 1,1 ) sector of the theory by performing a reduction , on a Calabi-Yau three-fold , of M-theory on S^1/Z_2 .	A crucial ingredient for a consistent truncation is a non-zero mode of the antisymmetric tensor field strength which arises due to magnetic sources on the orbifold planes .
We consider the self-energy and the self-force for an electrically charged particle at rest in the wormhole space-time .	We develop general approach and apply it to two specific profiles of the wormhole throat with singular and with smooth curvature .
We consider the Schr\ '' odinger operator on the real line with a $ N\ts N $ matrix valued periodic potential , N & gt ; 1 .	The spectrum of this operator is absolutely continuous and consists of intervals separated by gaps .
We detected short-term evolution of the spectral line profile , which was stimulated by the nucleus rotation , and which provides evidence for rapid deceleration and excitation of the rotation state .	The measured rate of change in the rotation period is +1.00 \pm 0.15 min per day and the period itself is 18.32 \pm 0.03 hr , both applicable at the epoch of the EPOXI encounter .
The principal portfolios of the standard Capital Asset Pricing Model ( CAPM ) are analyzed and found to have remarkable hedging and leveraging properties .	Principal portfolios implement a recasting of any correlated asset set of N risky securities into an equivalent but uncorrelated set when short sales are allowed .
This thesis examines the non-leptonic B-decays within QCD factorisation and beyond , to challenge the assumptions and limitations of the method .	We analyse the treatment of the distribution amplitudes of light mesons and present a new model described by simple physical parameters .
We propose a general method for introducing extensive characteristics of quantum entanglement .	The method relies on polynomials of nilpotent raising operators that create entangled states acting on a reference vacuum state .
( Abridged ) We use new multi-wavelength radio observations , made with the VLA and Effelsberg telescopes , to study the magnetic field of the nearby galaxy M51 on scales from $ 200\pc $ to several $ \kpc $ .	Interferometric and single dish data are combined to obtain new maps at \wwav { 3 } { 6 } in total and polarized emission , and earlier \wav { 20 } data are re-reduced .
It was therefore natural that when he arrived at Brookhaven and began specialising in neutron scattering that he would devote much of his energy and expertise studying structural phase transitions .	We review the ground breaking experiments that showed the behaviour of antiferroelectrics and ferroelectrics were reasonably described in terms of the soft mode concept of structural phase transitions .
Furthermore , the dispersion relation for gauge field fluctuations in an external magnetic field at high temperature is solved .	The lowest energy mode is stable against spontaneous generation of magnetic fields since it acquires a thermal mass .
XTE J1550-564 exhibited an intense ( 6.8 Crab ) flare on 1998 September 19 ( UT ) , making it the brightest new X-ray source observed with RXTE .	We present a spectral analysis utilizing 60 Proportional Counter Array spectra from 2.5-20 keV spanning 71 days , and a nearly continuous All Sky Monitor light curve .
An analysis of cosmological models in spatially flat Friedmann Universe with cosmic gravitational wave background and zero $ \Lambda $ -term is presented .	The number of free parameters is equal to 5 , they are $ \sigma_8 $ , $ n $ , $ \Omega_\nu $ , $ \Omega_b $ , and $ h $ .
Unfortunately , sufficiently thin current sheets can not be resolved observationally and the theory of their formation is an unresolved issue as well .	We consider two predictors of coronal current concentrations , both based on geometrical or even topological properties of a force free coronal magnetic field .
These are best observed in nearby , and so best resolved , groups and clusters , making our sample ideal for their detection .	Out of the 65 groups and clusters in our sample for which we have abundance profiles , 8 of them have certain central abundance drops , with possible central abundance drops in another 6 .
Transition probabilities are reported for E1 and M2 transitions from the ground level .	The valence-valence and core-valence correlation effects are accounted for in a systematic way .
The purpose of this study is to examine the prediction that the deuterated H3+ ion , H2D+ , can be found exclusively in the coldest regions of molecular cloud cores .	This is also a feasibility study for the detection of the ground-state line of ortho-H2D+ at 372 GHz with APEX.Methods .
The objective of this paper is to construct a catalog providing the dust properties and the star formation efficiency ( SFE ) of the molecular clouds in the Large Magellanic Cloud ( LMC ) .	We use the infrared ( IR ) data obtained with the Spitzer telescope as part of the `` Surveying the Agents of a Galaxy 's Evolution '' ( SAGE ) Legacy survey as well as the IRAS data .
The Smagorinsky model , unmodified , is often reported to severely overdiffuse flows .	Previous estimates of the energy dissipation rate of the Smagorinsky model for shear flows reflect a blow up of model energy dissipation as Re increases .
Do NLS1s have smaller black holes than ordinary Seyfert 1 galaxies ?	Are their black holes smaller compared to the sizes of their host galaxies ?
We present a centralized algorithmic framework for solving multi-robot path planning problems in general , two-dimensional , continuous environments while minimizing globally the task completion time .	The framework obtains high levels of effectiveness through the composition of an optimal discretization of the continuous environment and the subsequent fast , near-optimal resolution of the resulting discrete planning problem .
The local density of states around the impurity shows the presence of resonant states in the vicinity of the Fermi level , much the same way as in $ d $ -density waves or unconventional superconductors .	The assumption for different forward and backscattering , characteristic to quasi-one dimensional systems in general , leads to a resonance state that is double peaked in the pseudogap .
Being a long lived weak-interacting and spin 3/2 particle , it offers several particularities which makes it an attractive candidate .	We compute the electron , positron and $ \gamma $ -ray\ fluxes produced by each gravitino decay channel at the Earth .
If the estimates are good there is an infinite family of power spectra consistent with such an estimate and in applications , such as identification , we want to single out the most representative spectrum .	We choose a prior spectral density to represent a priori information , and the spectrum closest to it in a given quasi-distance is determined .
The eleven ULIRGs with L_FIR & gt ; 10^12.5 L_Sun south of Dec = -12 deg were observed with integration times that varied between 5 and 24 hours .	Four marginal detections were obtained for individual targets in the sample .
The $ \nu=2 $ and $ \nu=3 $ cases are discussed in detail and the general $ \nu $ case in less detail .	Amongst the Poisson structures arising in examples are to be found the lattice Virasoro structure , the second Toda lattice structure and some extended Toda lattice structures .
It is analytically shown that the asymptotic correlations in exactly solvable models following a quantum quench can behave essentially as thermal correlations provided the entanglement between two eigenmodes is sufficiently strong .	We provide one example and one counter example of this observation .
Computer security is defined as the protection of computing systems against threats to confidentiality , integrity , and availability .	There are two types of intruders : the external intruders who are unauthorized users of the machines they attack , and internal intruders , who have permission to access the system with some restrictions .
Modak and Singleton [ Phys.Rev .	D 86 , 123515 ( 2012 ) ] have presented Hawking-like radiation for cosmological inflation which has a natural `` turn on '' and a natural `` turn off '' mechanism .
Circumplanetary disks around a proto-Jupiter can undergo outbursts for infall accretion rates onto the disks in the range ~10^ { -9 } to 10^ { -7 } M_sun/yr , typical of accretion rates in the T Tauri phase .	During outbursts , the accretion rate and disk luminosity increases by several orders of magnitude .
The triaxial non-aligned and biaxial models can produce emission at both the star 's rotation frequency ( $ f $ ) and $ 2f $ , whilst the latter only emits at $ 2f $ .	We have studied parameter estimation for signal models using both a set of physical source parameters , and a set of waveform parameters that remove a degeneracy .
This is relevant in the experimentally important situation where the direct observation of the reversed FE-curves is hampered , e.g.due to the presence of soft linkers .	I generalize the stochastic theory of the kinetics in two-state models to the case of time-dependent kinetic rates and compute the relevant distributions of characteristic forces .
More specifically , two equations are derived to approximate the periastron time rate of change and its total variation over one revolution ( i.e. , the difference between the anomalistic period and the Keplerian period ) .	Kinematically , this influence results to an apsidal motion .
We find that stars are forming prolifically throughout this region in a highly structured mode with both clusters and loose aggregates detected .	The most prominent cluster ( Region D1 ) lies in the north-center .
Potential of mean force ( PMF ) is used as a major descriptor of the CNT-A9K and GR-A9K binding process , supplementing structural data .	The phase space sampling is performed by multiple equilibrium molecular dynamics simulations with position restraints , where applicable .
Both techniques agree in the overlapping range of scattering vectors .	We investigate the scaling behaviour found by Segre and Pusey [ 1 ] but challenged by Lurio et al . [ 2 ] .
Substantial branching fractions are obtained for the dileptonic B-decays into some higher excited states of K-mesons .	The long distance ( resonance ) contributions to these exclusive rare B-decay modes dominate the short distance contributions mostly by two orders of magnitude .
The measurement of baryon acoustic oscillations ( BAO ) from a galaxy redshift survey provides one of the most promising methods for probing dark energy .	In this paper , we clarify the assumptions that go into the forecasts of dark energy constraints from BAO .
We show that in the case where the system is posed in the whole space $ \mathbb { R } ^N $ such solutions exist if and only if $ \displaystyle\int_ { 1 } ^\infty \Big ( \displaystyle \int_0^s F ( t ) dt \Big ) ^ { -p/ ( 2p+1 ) } ds =\infty $ .	This is the counterpart of the Keller-Osserman condition for the case of single semilinear equation .
The scattering of a charged fermion from an electroweak string is studied .	Owing to an amplification of the wave function at the core radius , the cross sections for helicity flip processes can be largely enhanced .
Then we derive a formal expression for the full dielectric tensor in terms of the density-density correlation function .	The derived equation is exact in systems with an electronic gap , with the possible exception of Chern insulators , and whenever the time reversal symmetry holds and can be used as a starting point for the inclusion of local fields and excitonic effects within time-dependent DFT for such systems .
Recent results on solutions of the Einstein equations with matter are surveyed and a number of open questions are stated .	The first group of results presented concern asymptotically flat spacetimes , both stationary and dynamical .
The most promising candidate pairs can be validated experimentally by testing if they physical bind to each other .	Since these experiments are more costly and error prone , the computational predictions serve as a filter , aimed to produce a small number of highly promising candidates .
Estimates of the source sky location for the first detected gravitational wave signals will likely be poor , typically spanning areas of hundreds of square degrees or more .	It will be a great challenge for most telescopes to search such large sky regions for their counterpart signals in the electromagnetic spectrum .
We consider both Str and Tr prescriptions for the trace over gauge indices of the non-BPS action .	Non-abelian tachyon condensation in the theory with Tr prescription , and the resulting fluctuations about the kink profile , are shown to give rise to a theory of two coincident BPS D8-branes .
The number of free parameters in the interaction in these models equals the number of single particle levels plus 3 .	Equations for the energy eigenstates and eigenvalues are derived and the eigenvalues of the complete set of two-body integrals of the motion are given for the new class .
Dynamical systems driven by Gaussian noises have been considered extensively in modeling , simulation and theory .	However , complex systems in engineering and science are often subject to non-Gaussian fluctuations or uncertainties .
We discuss the unramified cohomology group $ H^3_\nr ( X , \Q/\Z ( 2 ) ) $ .	Several conjectures put together imply that this group is finite .
Under this dual statistical-mechanistic viewpoint an estimation problem can be formulated where the knowns are topography and gravity and the principal unknown the elastic flexural rigidity of the lithosphere .	In the guise of an equivalent `` effective elastic thickness '' , this important , geographically varying , structural parameter has been the subject of many interpretative studies , but precisely how well it is known or how best it can be found from the data , abundant nonetheless , has remained contentious and unresolved throughout the last few decades of dedicated study .
Using the 250 square degrees for which we possess three epochs , and applying selection criteria designed to isolate halo-type objects , we find no candidates in a 5500 pc^3 effective volume for old , fast M_V=17 white dwarfs .	We check the detection efficiency by cross-matching our catalogue with Luyten 's NLTT catalogue .
The emergence of the pseudoscalar field of the latter multiplet and the emergence of the 4D R-symmetry group are subtle features of the reduction .	The reduction scheme enables to determine how a 5D supersymmetric Lagrangian with higher-derivative couplings decomposes upon dimensional reduction into a variety of independent 4D supersymmetric invariants , without the need for imposing field equations .
The separable model of the $ \pi N $ interaction is generalized to construct the spin 3/2 particle propagator of the $ \Delta $ -resonance .	This procedure allows to obtain the $ \pi N-\Delta $ form factor and $ \Delta $ propagator directly from the $ \pi N $ $ P_ { 33 } $ phase shifts .
Termination of programs , i.e. , the absence of infinite computations , ensures the existence of normal forms for all initial expressions , thus providing an essential ingredient for the definition of a normalization semantics for functional programs .	In lazy functional languages , though , infinite data structures are often delivered as the outcome of computations .
Domain wall dynamics are shown to be driven by a biasing of random fluctuations towards processes that shrink closed domains , and fluctuations within domains are shown to generate isolated small excitations , which may stabilise as the effective temperature is lowered .	Domain dynamics and fluctuations are determined by interaction strengths , which are controlled by inter-element spacing .
We prove that the cyclic cohomology of this Hopf algebroid is equal to the de Rham cohomology of invariant differential forms .	When the action is cocompact , we develop a generalized Hodge theory for the de Rham cohomology of invariant differential forms .
This paper extends the theoretical results to the case of a `system ' of equations .	Furthermore , this paper proposes more efficient method by replacing the variable transformation employed in Stenger 's method .
( Each pulsar emits pulses at a fixed repetition period in its rest frame . )	The positioning system uses the fact that an event in spacetime can be fully described by emission coordinates : the proper emission time of each pulse measured at the event .
To understand the influence of transboundary secondary organic aerosol ( SOA ) in the urban air of Fukuoka , we conducted simultaneous field studies in December 2010 and March 2012 on Fukue Island and in the city of Fukuoka , representing a rural and an urban sites of western Japan .	During the studies , organic aerosol in PM1.0 was analyzed by aerosol mass spectrometers .
In other terms , fast neutrino cooling neutron stars are thermometers for the highest $ T_c $ superfluid ( superconductor ) in the Universe .	The observational data are briefly presented .
Oftentimes , a system can only satisfy its guarantees if certain environment assumptions hold , which motivates their inclusion in the system specification .	Experience with modern synthesis approaches shows that synthesized systems tend to satisfy their specifications by actively working towards the violation of the assumptions rather than satisfying assumptions and guarantees together .
Stress collapse occurs in a series of individual events ( avalanches ) , and each avalanche leads to a jerk in sample compression with corresponding acoustic emission ( AE ) signals .	The distribution of AE avalanche energies can be approximately described by a power law over a large stress interval .
The polynomial depends on the lattice and on its decomposition into identical finite subgraphs , but once these are specified , the polynomial is essentially unique .	On lattices for which the exact percolation threshold is unknown , the polynomials provide approximations for the critical probability with the estimates appearing to converge to the exact answer with increasing subgraph size .
The pulsar/stellar wind interaction in a compact orbit binary gives rise to two potential locations for particle acceleration : the shocks at the head-on collision of the winds and the termination shock caused by Coriolis forces on scales larger than the binary separation .	We explore the suitability of these two locations to host the GeV and TeV emitters , respectively , through the study of their non-thermal emission along the orbit .
The application of the virial theorem provides a tool to estimate supermassive black hole ( BH ) masses in large samples of active galactic nuclei ( AGN ) with broad emission lines at all redshifts and luminosities , if the broad line region ( BLR ) is gravitationally bound .	In this paper we discuss the importance of radiation forces on BLR clouds arising from the deposition of momentum by ionizing photons .
In the present paper , we study this electromagnetic Christodoulou memory effect and compute it for binary neutron star mergers .	These are typical sources of gravitational radiation .
These graphs are called path commuting and allow for a decomposition of the adjacency matrix and the Laplacian into a direct sum of Jacobi matrices which reflect the structure of the graph .	Thus , the spectral properties of the adjacency matrix and the Laplacian can be analyzed by means of the elaborated theory of Jacobi matrices .
Given a string , the problem then is to identify the substrings that differs the most from the expected or normal behavior , i.e. , the substrings that are statistically significant .	In other words , these substrings are less likely to occur due to chance alone and may point to some interesting information or phenomenon that warrants further exploration .
However , due to Galactic absorption , we are limited to constrain the physical properties , i.e.the black hole mass and the accretion rate , from what observations we have below $ \sim 10 $ eV or above $ \sim 100 $ eV .	In this paper we predict the thermal and ionization states of warm absorbers as a function of the shape of the unobservable continuum .
Oceanic and astrophysical mixing and diffusion are dominated by fossil turbulence and fossil turbulent waves .	Observations from space telescopes show turbulence and vorticity existed in the beginning of the universe and that their fossils persist .
The power spectrum is proportional to 1/f where f is the frequency .	These analyses compliment previous work which has established a 1/f^2 spectrum for variations at time scales less than 100 yr. Power spectral analyses of inclination and declination inferred from lake sediments from time scales of 10 yr to 30 kyr have also been performed .
Many researchers are examining ensemble methods that combine the output of successful , separately developed modules to create more accurate solutions .	This paper examines three merging rules for combining probability distributions : the well known mixture rule , the logarithmic rule , and a novel product rule .
On each round an algorithm receives an input and makes a prediction .	Then , it can decide whether to query a label , and if so to update its model , otherwise the input is discarded .
We have chosen the name of GYES , one of the mythological giants with one hundred arms , offspring of Gaia and Uranus , for our instrument study of a multifibre spectrograph for the prime focus of the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope .	Such an instrument could provide an excellent ground-based complement for the Gaia mission and a northern complement to the HERMES project on the AAT .
We consider the dynamics of a protostellar disc in a binary system where the disc is misaligned with the orbital plane of the binary , with the aim of determining the observational consequences for such systems .	The disc wobbles with a period approximately equal to half the binary 's orbital period and precesses on a longer timescale .
Thermodynamic analysis shows that Li0.5Ni0.5Mn1.5O4 with x = 0.5 is the only stable phase for 0 & lt ; x & lt ; 1 .	The decomposition energy is lower than 0.1 eV for 0 & lt ; x & lt ; 0.5 , but is distinctly higher for 0.5 & lt ; x & lt ; 1 .
In the standard construction of Quantum Field Theory , a vacuum state is required .	The vacuum is a vector in a separable , infinite-dimensional Hilbert space often referred to as Fock space .
The Company Actualis SARL is specialized in the production and distribution of a press review about French regional economic actors .	This economic review represents for a client a prospecting tool on partners and competitors .
We study the environmental dependence of the formation epoch of dark matter haloes in the Millennium Simulation : a ten billion particle N-body simulation of standard LambdaCDM cosmology .	A sensitive test of this dependence - the marked correlation function - reveals highly significant evidence that haloes of a given mass form earlier in denser regions .
We study the radial and vertical stability of dust grains launched with all charge-to-mass ratios at arbitrary distances from rotating planets with complex magnetic fields .	We show that the aligned dipole magnetic field model analyzed by Jontof-Hutter and Hamilton ( 2012 ) is an excellent approximation in most cases , but that fundamentally new physics arises with the inclusion of non-axisymmetric magnetic field terms .
The microstructure of these materials is highly anisotropic and exhibits particular features needed to be taken into account in order to interpret their magnetic and electrical properties .	First the AC magnetic susceptibility c = c ' - j c '' has been measured for several magnetic fields ( H // ab and H // c ) and compared to the electrical resistivity data .
Here we develop a novel algorithm that defines a covariance score across two groups of columns where each group represents a stretch of contiguous columns in the alignment .	We define a test set that consists of secondary structure elements ( { \alpha } -helixes and { \beta } -strands ) across more than 1,100 PFAM families .
This linear matrix equation with $ n^2 $ unknowns is solved by adapting a preconditioned iterative method such as GMRES .	The action of the $ n^2\times n^2 $ matrix associated to this linear system can be computed by solving a coupled matrix initial-value problem .
Our measurement of the Rb I line at 7800 A for the diffuse gas toward rho Oph A yields a value of 1.21 +/- 0.30 ( 1-sigma ) that differs significantly from the meteoritic value of 2.59 .	The Rb/K elemental abundance ratio for the cloud also is lower than that seen in meteorites .
On two of these transitions , we generate orthogonally polarized cavity photons , and we demonstrate coherent manipulation of the corresponding pair of atomic states .	Possible implementations of atom-photon entanglement and state mapping within the ion-cavity system are discussed .
This extends the results in [ T. Blass and L.A. Romero , SIAM J.Control Optim .	51 ( 2 ) :1099 -- 1127 , 2013 ] where , assuming the stochastic excitation is small , the stability of such systems was computed using a weighted sum of the extended power spectral density over the eigenvalues of the unperturbed operator .
1 ) EVERY height three complete intersection has the Weak Lefschetz property .	( Our method , surprisingly , uses rank two vector bundles on P^2 and the Grauert-Mulich theorem . )
We theoretically study spin-wave modes and their intense excitations activated by microwave magnetic fields in the skyrmion-crystal phase of insulating magnets by numerically analyzing a two-dimensional spin model using the Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbert equation .	Two peaks of spin-wave resonances with frequencies of ~1 GHz are found for in-plane a.c. magnetic field where distribution of the out-of-plane spin components circulates around each skyrmion core .
It was recently noted that during the future evolution of these models the dark energy equation of state $ w_ { \DE } $ may oscillate with an arbitrary number of phantom divide crossings .	In this paper we prove that the number of crossings can be infinite , present an analytical condition for the existence of this effect and investigate it numerically .
With these simulations we model generation and decay of the magnetic field in shocks , where the upstream is modified by two-photon pair production due to self-absorption of the shock 's high-energy radiation .	We find that the overall picture of magnetic field build-up is consistent with development of Weibel instability .
We fit for all parameters simultaneously and identify several degeneracies .	We find that the temperature of the IGM can be well determined from the fall-off of the power spectrum at small scales .
The goal of this article is to establish L^p-estimates for maximal functions associated with nonisotropic dilations of hypersurfaces in R^3 .	Several results have already been obtained by Greenleaf , Iosevich-Sawyer-Seeger , Ikromov-Kempe-Mueller and Zimmermann , but for some situations such as the hypersurface parameterized as the graph of a smooth function $ \Phi ( x_1 , x_2 ) =x_2^d ( 1+\mathcal { O } ( x_2^m ) ) $ near the origin , where $ d\geq 2 $ , $ m\geq 1 $ , and associated dilations $ \delta_t ( x ) = ( t^ax_1 , tx_2 , t^dx_3 ) $ for an arbitrary real number a & gt ; 0 , the question was open until recently .
Wireless ad hoc networks have gained lots of attention due to their ease and low cost of deployment .	This has made ad hoc networks of great importance in numerous military and civilian applications .
We find that Majorana fermions , existing at the interface between superconducting and normal sections of the nanowire within certain parameter region , can induce resonant Andreev reflection of electrons at the interface , which yields a zero energy peak in the electrical conductance of the nanowire .	The width of the zero energy conductance peak for different experimental parameters is characterized .
We also find that spontaneous decay of Rydberg excitations leads to an interruption of glassy relaxation that takes the system to a highly correlated non-equilibrium stationary state .	The results presented here , which are in principle also applicable other systems such as polar molecules and atoms with large magnetic dipole moments , show that the collective behavior of cold atomic and molecular ensembles can be similar to that found in soft condensed-matter systems .
The reduction of the longitudinal work and dissipative processes due to the shear viscosity , increase the total entropy and the particle multiplicity at central rapidities .	The total energy in the collision , dominated by the longitudinal motion , is conserved .
The non-linear equations that governing the flow are solved numerically using finite difference technique by employing a suitable coordinate transformation .	The numerical results have been observed for axial and microrotation component of velocity , fluid acceleration , wall shear stress ( WSS ) , flow resistance , temperature and the volumetric flow rate .
Since the underlying algorithmic pricing problem may be difficult to solve optimally , we study specific models of buyer behavior and give mechanisms with provable approximation guarantees .	We show that offering only the single most profitable item for sale guarantees an $ \Omega ( \frac1 { \log n } ) $ fraction of the optimal revenue when item value distributions are independent and have monotone hazard rates .
The power output of the circuit is cut off or switched OFF or an alarm is triggered ON if the temperature of the external input is equal to or , greater than the preset temperature value .	The methodology involves the application of linear precision temperature sensors i.e. , they generate a voltage that is directly proportional to the temperature .
For example , the observed radiation energies of some GRBs are equivalent to convert more than one solar mass energy into radiation completely .	This is thousand times stronger than that of supernova explosion .
A detailed analysis of the electronic structure reveals the importance of O-Ga hybridization effects in the conduction region .	The absorption spectrum from O 1 $ s $ core electrons is dominated by excitonic effects , which overall red-shift the absorption onset by 0.5 eV , and significantly redistribute the intensity to lower energies .
We explore the Dirac equation in external electromagnetic and torsion fields .	Motivated by the previous study of quantum field theory in an external torsion field , we include a nonminimal interaction of the spinor field with torsion .
The first is a degree zero Donaldson invariant , counting flat connections on a certain SO ( 3 ) -bundle .	The second , which depends on the choice of a 1-dimensional cohomology class , is a combination of Rohlin invariants of a 3-manifold carrying the dual homology class .
How should we best reward and punish individuals for cooperation to thrive ?	We study this problem for the public goods game on a scale-free network .
Hexagonal diamond has been predicted computationally to display extraordinary physical properties including a hardness that exceeds cubic diamond .	However , a recent electron microscopy study has shown that so-called hexagonal diamond samples are in fact not discrete materials but faulted and twinned cubic diamond .
It is shown that the IRPG does not support a Poisson bracket except on the vector constraint surface .	Yet there exists a fundamental bilinear operation on its phase space which produces the correct equations of motion and induces the correct transformation properties of the basic fields .
In total , 20 previously unreported glitches and ten other glitches were detected in 11 pulsars .	These included 12 glitches in PSR J1341 $ - $ 6220 , corresponding to a glitch rate of 1.5 glitches per year .
In the context of a deep geological repository of high-level radioactive wastes , the French National Radioactive Waste Management Agency ( Andra ) has conducted an extensive characterization of the Callovo-Oxfordian argillaceous rock and surrounding formations in the Eastern Paris Basin .	As part of this project , an accurate 3D seismic derived geological model is needed .
Let $ \V $ be a vector space equipped with a non-degenerate symmetric or symplectic bilinear form $ B $ over $ \F $ .	Suppose the characteristic of $ \F $ is \emph { large } , i.e.either zero or greater than the dimension of $ \V $ .
R. Stanley [ 13 ] , [ 14 ] derived an infinite product representation for the generating function of p [ 0 ] ( n ) -p [ 2 ] ( n ) .	Recently , Holly Swisher [ 15 ] employed the circle method to show that limit [ n- & gt ; oo ] p [ 0 ] ( n ) /p ( n ) = 1/2 ( i ) and that for sufficiently large n 2 p [ 0 ] ( n ) & gt ; p ( n ) , if n=0,1 mod 4 , 2 p [ 0 ] ( n ) & lt ; p ( n ) , otherwise .
Chambert-Loir and Ducros have recently introduced a theory of real valued differential forms and currents on Berkovich spaces .	In analogy to the theory of forms with logarithmic singularities , we enlarge the space of differential forms by so called delta-forms on the non-archimedean analytification of an algebraic variety .
operators on Fock spaces .	These results lead to entropy inequalities and entropy formulas for positive definite multi-Toeplitz kernels on free semigroups ( resp.multi-Toeplitz operators ) and consequences concerning the extreme points of the unit ball of the noncommutative analytic Toeplitz algebra F_n^\infty .
It is shown that this manifold consists of critical motions generating a smooth sheet of the bifurcation diagram , and the induced dynamic system is Hamiltonian with certain subset of points of degeneration of the symplectic structure .	We find the transformation separating variables in this system .
In this context , we mainly focus on a particular class of association rules which is the cyclic association rules .	These rules aimed to discover patterns that display regular variation over user-defined intervals .
Species populations may freeze out leading to leptogenesis and baryogenesis .	We consider here a string-inspired scenario , in which the CPTV is associated with a cosmological background with torsion provided by the Kalb-Ramond ( KR ) antisymemtric tensor field of the string gravitational multiplet .
We study secure source-coding with causal disclosure , under the Gaussian distribution .	The optimality of Gaussian auxiliary random variables is shown in various scenarios .
I study the buckling transition under compression of a two-dimensional , hexagonal , regular elastic honeycomb .	Under isotropic compression , the system buckles to a configuration consisting of a unit cell containing four of the original hexagons .
We introduce a new paradigm for finite precision iterative decoding on low-density parity-check codes over the Binary Symmetric channel .	The messages take values from a finite alphabet , and unlike traditional quantized decoders which are quantized versions of the Belief propagation ( BP ) decoder , the proposed finite alphabet iterative decoders ( FAIDs ) do not propagate quantized probabilities or log-likelihoods and the variable node update functions do not mimic the BP decoder .
In addition , let $ X $ be locally like a $ m $ -fold integrated $ \beta $ -fractional Brownian motion for all non-singular points .	We consider approximation of $ X $ by piecewise Hermite interpolation splines with $ n $ free knots ( i.e. , a sampling design , a mesh ) .
We consider the Casimir energy due to a massless scalar field in a geometry of an infinite wedge closed by a Dirichlet circular cylinder , where the wedge is formed by $ \delta $ -function potentials , so-called semitransparent boundaries .	A finite expression for the Casimir energy corresponding to the arc and the presence of both semitransparent potentials is obtained , from which the torque on the sidewalls can be derived .
The spacetime possesses a cosmological horizon in addition to the usual event horizon .	The presence of this new horizon affects the late-time evolution of the scalar field .
Adjacent tunably conducting layers tuned to conduct , attract by the Casimir force compressing the intermediate piezo , but when subsequently detuned to insulate , sandwiched piezo layers expand elastically to restore their original dimension .	In each cycle some electrical energy is made available from the quantum zero point ( zp ) .
We report on the measurement of the two-point correlation function and the pairwise peculiar velocity of galaxies in the IRAS PSCz survey .	The real space two-point correlation function can be fitted to a power law $ \xi ( r ) = ( r_0/r ) ^ { \gamma } $ with $ \gamma=1.69 $ and $ r_0=3.70 \mpc $ .
Some numerical results are shown , which demonstrate the efficiency and convergence of the method .	Additionally , some physical properties of this fractional diffusion system are simulated , which further confirm the effectiveness of our method .
The majority of our galaxies are central galaxies living in halos of mass 10^ { 13 } Msun/h , but 10 % are satellites living in halos 10 times more massive .	These results are broadly in agreement with earlier investigations of massive galaxies at z~0.5 .
It was confirmed that the observed period of BS Cir 2.204 d is rising with the rate of dP/dt=5.4 ( 4 ) x10^-9 .	The found minor secular changes in the shape of light curve should be compatible with the period changes caused by precessional motion due to magnetic distortion of the star .
In a previous publication by some of the authors ( N.E.M. , M.S.and M.F.Y .	) , we have argued that the `` D-material universe '' , that is a model of a brane world propagating in a higher-dimensional bulk populated by collections of D-particle stringy defects , provides a model for the growth of large-scale structure in the universe via the vector field in its spectrum .
The difference from the Einstein equations is that these equations are not covariant with respect to reflections in space-time , as a consequence of their underlying quaternionic structure .	These equations can be combined into a part that is even and a part that is odd with respect to spatial or temporal reflections .
By combining eight \chandra ACIS-I observations taken between 1999 and 2001 , we have identified 204 X-ray sources within the central $ \sim 17'\times17 ' $ region of M31 , with a detection limit of $ \sim 2\times10^ { 35 } $ \lum .	Of these 204 sources , 22 are identified with globular clusters , 2 with supernova remnants , 9 with planetary nebula , and 9 as supersoft sources .
The main objective is to establish the local well-posedness in the strong sense of the flow .	Two main settings are investigated : semi-linear systems with linear boundary conditions and semi-linear systems with nonlinear boundary conditions .
Data reduction is described , mean and individual RVs of 163 observed objects are given .	New spectroscopic binaries are discovered or suspected in 17 objects , for some of them orbital periods could be determined .
However , the identification of the sources , and the extraction of the signal parameters in a noisy environment are real challenges for data analysis .	So far , stochastic searches have proven to be the most successful for this problem .
It is argued that the factorization of compound probability over subsystems is a consequence of the existence of thermodynamic equilibrium in the composite system having Tsallis entropy .	So it should be respected by all exact calculations concerning interacting nonextensive subsystems .
The variance of the number of levels in an energy interval around a level with large quantum numbers ( semiclassical quantization ) is studied for a particle in a rectangular box .	Sampling involves changing the ratio of the rectangle 's sides while keeping the area constant .
Information on the average UV photodesorption yield of astrophysically important ices exists for broadband UV lamp experiments .	UV fields around low-mass pre-main sequence stars , around shocks and in many other astrophysical environments are however often dominated by discrete atomic and molecular emission lines .
Charged-particle mean $ p_T $ and densities of all-particle $ E_T $ and charged-particle multiplicity and $ p_T $ have been measured in regions azimuthally transverse to the hardest jet in each event .	These are presented both as one-dimensional distributions and with their mean values as functions of the leading-jet transverse momentum from 20 GeV to 800 GeV .
In complex systems such as spin systems and protein systems , conventional simulations in the canonical ensemble will get trapped in states of energy local minima .	We employ the generalized-ensemble algorithms in order to overcome this multiple-minima problem .
These have been constructed using up-to-date stellar evolution calculations for low and intermediate-mass stars , and in particular for thermally pulsing AGB stars .	A fit of both the magnitude distribution of carbon- and oxygen-rich AGB stars allowed us to constrain the metallicity distribution across the LMC and its star formation rate ( SFR ) .
The multiplexing power and high efficiency of DEIMOS enables us to target 1000 faint galaxies per clear night .	Our goal is to gather high-quality spectra of \~60,000 galaxies with z & gt ; 0.75 in order to study the properties and large scale clustering of galaxies at z ~ 1 .
In this article we propose two novel 3D finite element models , denoted method A and B , for electron and hole Drift-Diffusion ( DD ) current densities .	Method A is based on a primal-mixed formulation of the DD model as a function of the quasi-Fermi potential gradient , while method B is a modification of the standard DD formula based on the introduction of an artificial diffusion matrix .
The implicit Euler , the Crank-Nicolson , and the backward-difference~ ( BDF-2 ) methods are used for temporal discretization .	It is shown that the stability of the semi-discrete ( continuous in time ) ALE-SUPG equation is independent of the mesh velocity , whereas the stability of the fully discrete problem is only conditionally stable .
In this paper we consider an extended system representing a family of commuting flows of this type , and establish a connection with the lattice KP system .	In the Lagrangian 1-form structure of this extended model , the closure relation is verified making use of the equations of motion .
Conditions of this paradox are analyzed and singled out .	Indeed majority rule produces critical thresholds to absolute power .
Afterwards , one assumes instead that this non-minimal coupling modifies the scalar curvature in a way that can be interpreted as a dark matter component ( albeit with negative pressure ) .	It is concluded that it is possible to mimic known dark matter density profiles through an appropriate power-law coupling $ f_2 = ( R/R0 ) ^n $ , with a negative index $ n $ -- a fact that reflects the dominance of dark matter at large distances .
The Chernoff bound gives the minimal Bayesian error probability when discriminating two hypotheses given a large number of observations .	Recently the combined work of Audenaert et al . [ Phys.Rev.Lett .
Clouds with near-solar metallicity about one kpc above the disk trace the circulation of material between disk and halo ( the Galactic Fountain ) .	The Magellanic Stream consists of gas tidally extracted from the SMC , tracing the dark matter potential of the Milky Way .
This class of models has been used extensively in the literature as an alternative to the dark energy , but should be considered ruled out for being inconsistent with observations .	Finally , we discuss a caveat in the analysis by Faraoni ( 2011 ) , which was used to further constrain these models by using a chameleon mechanism .
We show that this double-hybrid model can be understood in the context of the density-scaled double-hybrid model proposed by Sharkas et al. [ J . Chem.Phys .	134 , 064113 ( 2011 ) ] , as approximating the density-scaled correlation functional $ E_c [ n_ { 1/\l } ] $ by a linear function of $ \l $ , interpolating between MP2 at $ \l=0 $ and a density-functional approximation at $ \l=1 $ .
Our UVES spectrum shows two well detached BALs at z ( abs ) = 4.685 and 4.855 .	The system at z ( abs ) = 4.855 covers the background source completely suggesting that the gas is located outside the BLR .
These factors restrict the application of Gaussian Process regression to small and moderate size data sets .	We present an algorithm based on empirically determined subset selection that works well on both real world and synthetic datasets .
A Blazhko effect for V0784 Ophiuchi has not been reported previously .	From the observed light curves , 60 pulsation maxima have been measured .
However , if the dust along each sightline has different properties then the resulting curve is no longer a measurement of extinction .	Instead , it is a measurement of the difference between two extinction curves .
We frame this quest as an active learning problem and use zero-shot classifiers to guide the learning process by linking the new task to the existing classifiers .	By revisiting the dual formulation of adaptive SVM , we reveal two basic conditions to choose greedily only the most relevant samples to be annotated .
Higher-order corrections in the first two slow-roll parameters are undetectably small .	Loop corrections are detectable if they are nearly maximal and r \ga 0.1 .
We complement this result with a PTAS for a single segment and non-identical jobs .	If we allow some pairs of jobs traveling in different directions to cross a segment concurrently , the problem becomes APX-hard even on a single segment and with identical jobs .
A graph $ G $ is b-continuous if $ G $ has a b-coloring with $ k $ colors , for every integer $ k $ in the interval $ [ \chi ( G ) , b ( G ) ] $ .	It is known that not all graphs are b-continuous .
We analyze the electric and magnetic Sachs form factors , $ G_E $ and $ G_M $ , and compare our results with the existing data .	The inclusion of vector mesons results in a considerably improved description of the form factors .
Liquid deuterium and hydrogen targets allowed direct comparison of free and quasi-free scattering from the proton .	The neutron detection efficiency of the SENECA detector was measured via the reaction $ p ( \gamma , \pi^+ n ) $ .
If future neutrino oscillation experiments show that the neutrino mass spectrum is with normal ordering , m1 & lt ; m2 & lt ; m3 , and the searches for neutrinoless double beta-decay with sensitivity to values of the effective Majorana mass | & lt ; m & gt ; | & gt ; 0.01 eV give negative results , the next frontier in the quest for neutrinoless double beta-decay will correspond to | & lt ; m & gt ; | ~ 0.001 eV .	Assuming that massive neutrinos are Majorana particles and their exchange is the dominant mechanism generating neutrinoless double beta-decay , we analise the conditions under which | & lt ; m & gt ; | , in the case of three neutrino mixing and neutrino mass spectrum with normal ordering , would satisfy | & lt ; m & gt ; | & gt ; 0.001 eV .
Stars which suffer unusually large mass loss on the red giant branch and thus experience the helium-core flash while descending the white dwarf cooling curve could populate this region .	They should show higher temperatures than the hottest canonical HB stars and their atmospheres should be helium-rich and probably C/N-rich .
However the relentless rise of automatic unauthorized emails , a.k.a .	spam is eroding away much of the attractiveness of email communication .
It is known that no Lefschetz fibration satisfies either of the above conditions .	Smith proved that every Lefschetz fibration has only finitely many homotopy classes of sections , and Smith and Stipsicz independently proved that a Lefschetz fibration is trivial if it has a section with non-negative square .
Most experiments are currently done at large laser facilities that can create bright X-ray sources , however the advent of the X-ray free electron laser ( X-FEL ) provides a new bright source to use in these experiments .	One challenge with X-ray Thomson scattering experiments is understanding how to model the scattering for partially ionized plasmas in order to include the contributions of the bound electrons in the scattered intensity .
We discuss the reliability of current stellar models for the PMS .	While the 2D radiation hydrodynamic simulations predict HCE in PMS , semi-empirical calibrations either seem to require that convection is less efficient in PMS than in the following MS phase or are still contradictory .
A Swift-BAT hard X-ray AGN in the galaxy CGCG 291-028 is the only notable source candidate within the source locus and within the GZK distance horizon .	The spectrum of the four events is consistent with production in a transient event such as a stellar tidal disruption flare .
This results refine the ordering relations among the arithmetic mean , the geometric mean and the harmonic mean .	Finally , we give supplements for refined Young inequalities for two positive real numbers .
We obtain the fraction of carrier $ \eta ( T , \delta ) = n_g/n_ { TOT } $ that do not participate to the c-axis conductivity .	All the curves $ \eta ( T , \delta ) $ collapse onto a universal curve when plotted against a reduced temperature $ x= [ T-\Theta ( \delta ) ] /\Delta^ { * } ( \delta ) $ .
Usually , the El Nino mode is regarded as an unstable mode of the coupled atmosphere system and the irregularity is attributed to noise and possibly chaos .	Here a variation on the delayed oscillator is explored .
Because the instrument does not have an onboard magnet , we distinguish the two species by exploiting the Earth 's shadow , which is offset in opposite directions for opposite charges due to the Earth 's magnetic field .	We estimate and subtract the cosmic-ray proton background using two different methods that produce consistent results .
We consider this a revelation of retarded oxygen diffusion into the O ( 1 ) sites during the post-deposition annealing in the presence of interface mismatch strain .	Near the free surface , the oxygen-deficiency was much alleviated because of the partial strain relaxation and the crystal symmetry becomes orthorhombic .
We present a locally-adaptive nonparametric curve fitting method that we call Bayesian trend filtering .	The method operates within a fully Bayesian framework and uses shrinkage priors to induce sparsity in order-k differences in the latent trend function , providing a combination of local adaptation and global control .
This assumption implies a limitation on the diffeomorphisms invariance of the introduced structures .	In this work , using the previous results of Baez and Sawin , we extend the existing results to a theory admitting all the possible piecewise smooth finite paths and loops .
Using the open quantum system approach applied to the neutrino system , we derive three generations neutrino probability formulae considering the oscillation induced by mass plus quantum decoherence contributions .	The introduction of these dissipative effects is done through the quantum dynamical semigroup formalism .
Applying a nonhomogeneous hot temperature in the vicinity of the potential minimum may modify the external potential into a bistable effective potential .	We propose the ways of mobilizing and eradicating the unwanted impurities along the semiconductor layer .
( Abbreviated ) We present a study of the X-ray properties of five Galactic supernova remnants ( SNRs ) -- Kes 17 ( G304.6 $ + $ 0.1 ) , G311.5 $ - $ 0.3 , G346.6 $ - $ 0.2 , CTB 37A ( G348.5 $ + $ 0.1 ) and G348.5 $ - $ 0.0 -- that were detected in the infrared by Reach et al .	( 2006 ) in an analysis of data from the Galactic Legacy Infrared Mid-Plane Survey Extraordinaire ( GLIMPSE ) that was conducted by the Spitzer Space Telescope .
This result is in good agreement with the observed velocity dispersion of 817+-80 km/s from cluster members .	MS 2053 is the third cluster we studied using mosaics of deep WFPC2 images .
We show that such a habitable exo-Earth can be probed to a surface pressure of 1 bar only around the coolest stars .	We present 0.4-5.0 micron model transmission spectra of Earth 's atmosphere viewed as a transiting exoplanet , and show how atmospheric refraction modifies the transmission spectrum depending on the spectral type of the host star .
The evolution in X-ray properties of early-type galaxies is largely unconstrained .	In particular , little is known about how , and if , remnants of mergers generate hot gas halos .
These non-resonant interactions blockade the transmission of photons through the cavity .	This so-called dispersive photon blockade is characterized by measuring the total transmitted power while varying the energy spectrum of the photons incident on the cavity .
The non-degenerate photon pairs are split in a fiber-based wavelength division multiplexer .	The source is easier to align than common pulsed sources based on bulk BBO crystals and exhibits high-quality polarization entanglement as well as non-classical interference capabilities .
Some successes are reported , notably in the use of rapid throwaway modelling to investigate design alternatives , and also in the use of close team working and modelbased trace-checking to maintain synchronisation between model and implementation throughout the development .	The main areas of weakness were seen to derive from deficiencies in tool support .
In this context , we extend previous works to include $ X $ -ray thermal emitting pulsars within the same evolutionary model as radio-pulsars .	We find that the cumulative distribution of the number of X-ray pulsars can be well reproduced by several models that , simultaneously , reproduce the characteristics of the radio-pulsar distribution .
We define the contribution of each curve to the BPS invariants .	A curve $ C $ only contributes to the BPS invariants in genera lying between the geometric genus and arithmetic genus of $ C $ .
Tetrazoles are a peculiar class of heterocyclic compounds .	The presence of four nitrogen atoms in the tetrazole ring determines their interesting physical and chemical properties .
We find that all the free parameters only appear in the kinetic term of the vector field so that two branches are possible : one with a propagating vector field and another one where the vector field does not propagate .	We focus on the propagating case .
It is known that any network coding problem can be transformed into an index coding problem and vice versa .	In this work , we establish a similar relationship between network computation problems and a class of functional index coding problems , viz. , those in which only the demands of the clients include functions of messages .
This is a biologically important generalization of the time inhomogeneous branching processes .	The assumption of IID ( independent and identically distributed ) random environments reflects uncertainty in the future ( as well as historical ) reproduction regimes in actual populations .
These shells can later collide and , like Type IIn supernovae , produce superluminous events in the UV at high redshifts that could be detected in the near infrared today .	We present numerical simulations of a 110 M $ _ { \odot } $ pair-pulsation explosion done with the Los Alamos radiation hydrodynamics code RAGE .
In this paper , we give a probabilistic proof of Lov\'asz 's theorem , then extend the technique to derive generalizations of Hoffman 's theorem when allowed a certain proportion of edge-conflicts .	Using this result , we show that if a 3-uniform hypergraph is 2-colorable , then $ \bar d \le -\frac { 3 } { 2 } \lambda_ { \min } $ where $ \bar d $ is the average degree and $ \lambda_ { \min } $ is the minimal eigenvalue of the underlying graph .
A high Reynolds number in the early Universe ensures strong coupling between magnetic field and fluid motions .	After generation the subsequent dynamics of the magnetic field is governed by decaying hydromagnetic turbulence .
We detected gamma-rays both during the impulsive and temporally-extended emission phases , with emission above 100 MeV lasting for approximately 20 hours .	Accurate localization of the gamma-ray production site ( s ) coincide with the solar active region from which X-ray emissions associated with these flares originated .
Knowledge of the extinction can allow to reconstruct the true image parameters , including energy and flux .	Our final goal is to recover the source-intrinsic energy spectrum also for data affected by atmospheric extinction from aerosol layers , such as clouds .
We consider the ratios of doubly heavy baryon masses using Double Ratios of Sum Rules ( DRSR ) , which are more accurate than the usual simple ratios used for getting hadron masses .	Our results are comparable with the ones from potential models .
New multi-epoch , mid-infrared ( 8-13 microns ) spectrophotometric observations are presented for 30~late-type stars .	The observations were collected over a four year period ( 1994-1997 ) , permitting an investigation of the mid-infrared spectral shape as a function of the pulsation cycle ( typically 1-2 years ) .
The key to the problem is the calculation of ranks of matrices over polynomial rings .	For this , a generalization and specialization approach is introduced .
The new instrument is inexpensive to construct and simple to operate , readily allowing it to be used in schools as well as at the undergraduate University level .	It is suited to students at a variety of different educational levels , as the results can be analysed with different levels of sophistication .
The films are perforated with a nanohoneycomb array of holes to form a multiply connected geometry and subjected to a perpendicular magnetic field .	Film magnetoresistances on the superconducting side of the SIT oscillate with a period dictated by the superconducting flux quantum and the areal hole density .
We use the affine null geodesic equations in order to derive a set of first-order ordinary differential equations that can be integrated numerically to calculate the partial derivatives of the null vector components .	These equations allow the integration in all generality of the distances in the Szekeres models and some examples are given .
In the strong interaction limit , it is mapped onto a single-band Anderson model , in which all scattering mechanisms can be treated on an equal footing .	A sharp rise in the mean square fluctuation of lattice distortions is found near the Curie temperature $ T_c $ , in agreement with experiments .
The model is based on a concept of cross-correlating material unit-fields .	Starting from the energy-mass relation of Einstein 's special relativity and using this concept , the unified equations for gravitation and electromagnetism are derived .
We solve the problem of exact minimization of the Lawrence-Doniach ( LD ) free-energy functional in parallel magnetic fields .	We consider both the infinite in the layering direction case ( the infinite LD model ) and the finite one ( the finite LD model ) .
The dynamics of the ensemble in the large $ N $ is completely determined by the coevolution of the spectral density and a certain eigenvector correlation function .	This coevolution is best visible in an electrostatic potential of a quaternionic argument built of two complex variables , the first of which governs standard spectral properties while the second unravels the hidden dynamics of eigenvector correlation function .
Conductance maxima appear when $ \phi $ is on odd multiple of $ \pi $ due to a bunching at the Fermi energy of quasiparticle energy levels formed by Andreev reflections at the N-S boundaries .	For a ballistic normal sample the oscillation amplitude is giant and proportional to the number of open transverse modes .
We then look at bijective mappings , which have connections to reversible computation , which is important for physical ( e.g.quantum computation ) as well as engineering ( e.g.heat dissipation ) reasons .	We generalise Toffoli 's seminal work on reversible computation to arbitrary arity logics .
The Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) is widely recognized as the most important block cipher in common use nowadays .	This high assurance in AES is given by its resistance to ten years of extensive cryptanalysis , that has shown no weakness , not even any deviation from the statistical behaviour expected from a random permutation .
Polarized infrared light was coupled to a LiNbO3 crystal through a polarization maintaining fiber of 4 micron diameter .	An electron beam in 10ps bunches of 1mm diameter was scanned across the crystal .
As examples , two phases are constructed for both the zeroth Hirzebruch and the second del Pezzo surfaces .	We show that such a phenomenon is a special case of `` Toric Duality '' proposed in hep-th/0003085 .
A test using the set of 83 journals in `` information and library science '' ( according to the Web-of-Science categorization ) converged , but did not provide interpretable results .	Further decomposition of this set into homogeneous sub-graphs shows that -- like most other journal indicators -- PWR can perhaps be used within homogeneous sets , but not across citation communities .
This approach facilitates very fast execution of the transitions of the model .	On the other hand , the use of stubborn sets and symmetries requires that either the modeller or a preprocessor tool analyses the model at a syntactic level and expresses stubborn set obligation rules and the symmetry mapping as suitable C++ functions .
By fixing lattice Yang-Mills configurations to the maximal center gauge and subsequently applying the technique of center projection , one can identify center vortices in these configurations .	Recently , center vortices have been shown to determine the string tension between static quarks at finite temperatures ( center dominance ) ; also , they correctly reproduce the deconfining transition to a phase with vanishing string tension .
We have modified existing analytic radiative transfer models to allow for the fitting of submm/mm line profiles that have both self-absorption features and optically thin wings and applied these models to our HCO+ spectrum of IRAS 01202+6133 .	We conclude that it is a young Class I YSO with a substantial envelope undergoing slow infall and having some outflow motions .
To examine the interaction of substellar mass objects embedded in the stellar wind of an asymptotic giant branch ( AGB ) star , three dimensional hydrodynamical simulations at high resolution have been calculated utilizing the FLASH adaptive mesh refinement code .	Attention is focused on the perturbation of the substellar mass objects on the morphology of the outflowing circumstellar matter .
We examine a uniform sample of 72 GRB fields to explore the probability of chance superpositions .	There is typically a ~1 % chance that an optical afterglow will coincide with a galaxy by chance .
A significant number of stars with kinematic properties 'in between ' the thin and thick discs were also observed in order to in greater detail investigate the dichotomy of the Galactic disc .	All stars have been homogeneously analysed , using the exact same methods , atomic data , model atmospheres , etc. , and also truly differentially to the Sun .
Their outflow velocities are in the range 0.03-0.3c , with a mean value of ~0.14c .	The ionization is high , in the range logxi~3-6 erg s^ { -1 } cm , and also the associated column densities are large , in the interval ~10^ { 22 } -10^ { 24 } cm^ { -2 } .
This evolution is due partly to the change of the mass distribution and mainly to the change of the morphological mix with z ( among the early types , the fraction of ellipticals goes from ~70 % at high to ~40 % at low-z ) .	Analyzing separately the ellipticity distribution of the different morphological types , we find no evolution both for ellipticals and S0s .
Two energy differences ( `` domain wall energies '' ) appear , $ \Delta E^ { AP } $ and $ \Delta E^R $ , whose scaling behavior with system size is nontrivially related to the correlation length exponents .	For a specific distribution of the $ \pm J $ disorder we show that the chiral and spin correlation lengths diverge with the same exponent as $ T\downarrow 0 $ .
There is a need for verification methods that scale better than formal verification methods and which are more rigorous than testing .	Simulation-based runtime verification is proposed as such a method , and an application of metric temporal logic is presented as a contribution over the state-of-the-art work by the Modelica community , which is based on linear temporal logic that can not capture several kinds of requirements that occur frequently in industrial process control systems .
Positive N-operators , which in physical applications holds thermodynamic stability constraints , form a subgroup of group N6 on a more complicated manifold in parametric space .	A three-parametric , commutative transversal-isotropic subgroup S3 & lt ; N6 of positive symmetric nematic operators is also briefly discussed .
We then focus on the out-of-equilibrium dynamics of the vortex glass phase using tools that are common in the study of other glassy systems .	By monitoring the two-times roughness and dynamic wandering we identify and characterize finite-size effects that are similar , though more complex , than the ones found in the stationary roughness of clean interface dynamics .
Configurations with fixed transverse separations are interaction eigenstates for pp scattering .	The DY cross section can then be expressed in terms of the same color dipole cross section as DIS .
In the $ U ( N ) $ case , we obtain the Kim-Park duality , which is known as a generalization of the Aharony duality including an adjoint matter .	In the $ SU ( N ) $ case , we obtain the duality which follows from un-gauging the $ U ( N ) $ Kim-Park duality .
The ferrimagnetic Heusler compound Mn2VGa is predicted to have a pseudogap in the majority spin channel , which should lead to a negative tunnel magnetoresistance .	We synthesized epitaxial Mn2VGa thin films on MgO ( 001 ) substrates by dc and rf magnetron co-sputtering , resulting in nearly stoichiometric films .
The nuclear break-up leading to the emission of a neutron at large angle in the laboratory frame is identified with the towing mode through its characteristic n-fragment correlation .	The experimental spectra are compared with a model where the time dependent Schrodinger equation ( TDSE ) is solved for the neutron initially in the 11 Be .
However , apparently single sdBs exist as well and their formation is unclear since decades .	The merger of helium white dwarfs leading to an ignition of core helium-burning or the merger of a helium core and a low mass star during the common envelope phase have been proposed .
Testing this method on SDSS photometric telescope observations , I find that the photometric accuracy for a single star is usually about 0.12 , 0.12 , 0.10 and 0.08 mag ( 1 sigma ) , for the g , r , i , and z-bands , respectively .	However , by using ~10 such stars , the typical errors per calibrated field ( systematic + statistical ) can be reduced to about 0.04 , 0.03 , 0.02 , and 0.02 , mag , in the g , r , i , and z-bands , respectively .
The current approach utilizes the Archimedes ' principle of buoyancy to alter the density of the object affected , making it less than , or greater than the density of the surrounding fluid .	However , this process is too slow for underwater vehicles to react to sudden obstacles inherent in their environment .
Associated with each level in the penalty is a tuning parameter which corresponds to a hyperparameter in the hierarchical Bayesian formulation .	Following previous work on Bayesian lassos we consider the estimation of tuning parameters through either hierarchical Bayes based on hyperpriors and Gibbs sampling or through empirical Bayes based on maximizing the marginal likelihood using a Monte Carlo EM algorithm .
( Abridged ) High-E electrons produce Hard X-Ray ( HXR ) emission in galaxy clusters by via Inverse Compton Scattering ( ICS ) of CMB photons .	We derive the ICS HXR emission of Ophiuchus under various scenarios : primary cosmic ray model , secondary cosmic rays model and neutralino DM annihilation scenario .
We obtained self-similar solutions of relativistically expanding magnetic loops by assuming axisymmetry and a purely radial flow .	The stellar rotation and the magnetic fields in the ambient plasma are neglected .
representing the fundamental string to the soliton solutions of Greene et.al .	representing `stringy cosmic strings ' .
Disk galaxies are common in our universe and this is a source of concern for hierarchical formation models like LCDM .	Here we investigate this issue as motivated by raw merger statistics derived for galaxy-size dark matter halos from LCDM simulations .
To avoid divergency in this method when the angular velocity tends to zero , we propose to intr oduce a lower bound of angular velocity and to treat the case of the angular momentum per unit mass $ a=0 $ separately .	Moreover , from the lower bound of the angular velocity , we obtain the $ \theta $ -dependence structure of the brick wall cutoff , which natu rally requires an angular cutoff $ \delta $ .
E6 grand unification combines the Standard Model matter and Higgs states in the single 27 representation .	I discuss how the E6 structure underlies the quasi-realistic free fermion heterotic-string models .
A similar , but more distinct segregation of these two phases is observed in CFCAF , where the magnetic phase retains $ T_m $ as close to that of the parent compound ( $ T_c & lt ; & lt ; T_m =~ 80 $ -- 120 K ) and the superconducting volume fraction is proportional to the Co content $ x $ .	The close relationship between magnetism and superconductivity is discussed based on these experimental observations .
Most previous calculations based on this scenario are limited to axisymmetric cloud evolution leading to a single core , which collapses to form an isolated star or stellar system at the center .	These calculations are here extended to the nonaxisymmetric case under thin-disk approximation , which allows for a detailed investigation into the process of fragmentation , fundamental to binary , multiple system , and cluster formation .
A set of 55 clarinet reeds is observed by holography , collecting 2 series of measurements made under 2 different moisture contents , from which the resonance frequencies of the 15 first modes are deduced .	A statistical analysis of the results reveals good correlations , but also significant differences between both series .
The second model involves weakly incoherent interlayer transport where the electron is scattered many times within a layer before tunneling into the next layer .	The results are relevant to the interpretation of experiments on angular-dependent magnetoresistance oscillations ( AMRO ) in quasi-one- and quasi-two-dimensional metals .
For about 20 % ( 9/43 ) of our sample galaxies , we find that the HI distribution is significantly disturbed , with little correspondence between the optical and HI distributions .	We exclude these galaxies from the comparison .
We extend Robust Optimization to fractional programming , where both the objective and the constraints contain uncertain parameters .	Earlier work did not consider uncertainty in both the objective and the constraints , or did not use Robust Optimization .
The model proposed here contains a left-right electroweak gauge group .	An extended technicolor group and mirror fermions are introduced .
Herschel-PACS spectra covering 55-190 um are analyzed for ten high-mass star forming regions of various luminosities and evolutionary stages at spatial scales of ~10^4 AU .	Radiative transfer models are used to determine the contribution of the envelope to the far-IR CO emission .
To this end , we employ a one-dimensional potential model with a Woods-Saxon internuclear potential .	Fitting the experimental data in two different energy regions with different Woods-Saxon potentials , we define the threshold energy as an intersect of the two fusion excitation functions .
This approach can be particularly useful in the long junction limit , which has hitherto attracted less theoretical interest but has recently become experimentally relevant .	We use this computational approach to study the dependence of the critical current on the junction geometry , doping level , and an applied perpendicular magnetic field .
The staggered chiral phase remains stable even in the presence of the uniform magnetic field .	We have identified that the ground state phase diagram consists of four Luttinger liquid , staggered chiral , spin-flop , and ferromagnetic phases .
By constructing the special frames and the normal coordinates on a contact Riemannian manifold , we prove that if the complex structure is not integrable , its Yamabe invariant on a contact Riemannian manifold is always less than the Yamabe invariant of the Heisenberg group .	So the Yamabe problem on a contact Riemannian manifold is always solvable .
In the present contribution , a new algorithm , which allows the solution of such systems , is proposed .	It is shown that the use of densities which do not correspond to a ground state of their non-interacting reference system is forbidden .
We show that the motion of the plate is indeed a superposition of bending waves following the theoretical dispersion relation of the linear wave equation .	The nonlinearities seem to efficiently break the coherence of the waves so that no modal structure is observed .
The states are above the thresholds thus the enhanced emission of multiple-alphas into the same direction is observed .	The probability for the emission of multiple-alphas is not described by Hauser-Feshbach theory for compound nucleus decay .
We compare the stellar mass results from DES ( 5 filters ) with those from the Hubble Space Telescope CLASH ( 17 filters ) .	When the cluster spectroscopic redshift is assumed , we show that stellar masses from DES can be estimated within 25 % of CLASH values .
Highlights include ( 1 ) the addition of the newly discovered Cetus dwarf spheroidal as a certain member of the Local Group , ( 2 ) an improved distance for SagDIG , which now places this object very close to the edge of the Local Group zero-velocity surface , ( 3 ) more information on the evolutionary histories of some individual Local Group members , and ( 4 ) improved distance determinations to , and luminosities for , a number of Local Group members .	These data increase the number of certain ( or probable ) Local Group members to 36 .
There are three functional modules in this framework , namely , a transient well flow model that describes the response of certain physical variables in a well , for instance , temperature , velocity and pressure , to the flow rates entering and leaving the well zones ; a Markov jump process that is designed to capture the potential abrupt changes in the flow rates ; and an estimation method that is adopted to estimate the underlying flow rates based on the measurements from the physical sensors installed in the well .	In the previous studies , the variances of the flow rates in the Markov jump process are chosen manually .
The state of the system is an infinite-rank projection satisfying a nonlinear equation .	In this paper , we construct solutions to this equation , in the regime of weak interactions ( that is , small coupling constant $ \alpha $ ) , and strong external fields ( that is , large atomic charge $ Z $ such that $ \alpha Z : =\kappa $ stays fixed ) .
Electron-light , -phonon , and -defect scattering matrix elements and the electronic linewidth are explicitly calculated .	Defect-induced processes are simulated by considering different kind of idealized defects .
The 1 $ \sigma $ ( 68.3 % ) confidence limits on each cosmological parameter , which are obtained by marginalizing over the other parameters , are $ 0.82\le n\le1.39 $ , $ 0.19\le\Omega_m\le 1 $ ( $ 0\le\Omega_ { \Lambda } \le 0.81 $ ) , $ 0\le\Omega_ { \nu } \le 0.17 $ , $ 0.021\le \Omega_b\le 0.13 $ and $ 0.38\le h\le 0.85 $ $ 1.5\le b_ { cl } \le 3.5 $ .	Here $ b_ { cl } $ is the cluster bias parameter .
Quasi-separatrix layers ( QSLs ) are present in these structures and together with the magnetic nulls , they significantly influence the accumulation of current .	It is shown that perturbations affecting the lateral boundaries of the configuration lead not only to collapse around the magnetic null , but also to significant QSL currents .
As a toy model for baryon number violation in Electroweak theory , we consider a version of the $ O ( 3 ) $ $ \sigma $ model in which the conformal invariance is broken perturbatively .	We show that at a critical energy the saddle-point values of the instanton size and instanton-antiinstanton separation bifurcate into complex conjugate pairs .
It is hard to estimate optical flow given a realworld video sequence with camera shake and other motion blur .	In this paper , we first investigate the blur parameterization for video footage using near linear motion elements .
The main purpose of this work is to improve the existing knowledge about the most powerful engines in the Universe - quasars .	Although a lot is already known , we still have only a vague idea how these engines work exactly , why they behave as they do , and what the relation is between their evolution and the evolution of their harboring galaxy .
In this article , we report the double-pole nature of the $ \Lambda ( 1405 ) $ , which is a characteristic property predicted by many studies with chiral SU ( 3 ) -based models .	With the help of the complex-range Gaussian basis in ccCSM , we have found successfully another pole besides a pole near the $ \bar { K } N $ threshold ( called higher pole ) which was found in our previous work with the real-range Gaussian basis .
The beryllium abundance is very similar to that of field stars of similar Fe content .	We interpret the beryllium abundance observed as the result of primary spallation of cosmic rays acting on a Galactic scale , showing that beryllium can be used as a powerful cosmochronometer for the first stellar generations .
and Bonamente { \it et al .	} , which are responsible for providing observed $ D_\mathrm { A } $ .
We present a new stellar dynamical mass measurement of the black hole in the nearby , S0 galaxy NGC 3998 .	By combining laser guide star adaptive optics observations obtained with the OH-Suppressing Infrared Imaging Spectrograph on the Keck II telescope with long-slit spectroscopy from the Hubble Space Telescope and the Keck I telescope , we map out the stellar kinematics on both small spatial scales , well within the black hole sphere of influence , and on large scales .
It includes $ { \cal O } ( \alpha ) $ electroweak radiative corrections in the WW production stage together with the $ { \cal O } ( \alpha^3 ) $ initial-state-radiation ( ISR ) corrections in the leading-logarithmic ( LL ) approximation , implemented within the Yennie-Frautschi-Suura ( YFS ) exclusive exponentiation framework .	The photon radiation in the W decays is generated by the dedicated program PHOTOS up to $ { \cal O } ( \alpha^2 ) $ LL , normalised to the W branching ratios .
Distinct from dataflow , graph rewriting , and FPGA models , a-Ram instructions are bit level and execute in situ .	They support sequential and parallel languages without the space/time overheads associated with the Turing Machine and lambda-calculus , enabling massive programs to be simulated .
At zero magnetic field , these two elemental semi-metals host a dilute liquid of carriers of both signs .	When the quantum limit is attained , all quasi-particles are confined to a few Landau tubes .
Theoretical results for a single electron in multi-level system given by a lens-shape self-assembled quantum dot in the presence of an intense harmonic electric field are presented .	A non-perturbative Floquet approach is used to study the dynamical localization of the particle when going beyond the two-level approach by introducing the full spectral level structure .
The routing is network is mandatory to deliver data in between source and destination .	In this research we work on security field in MANET and proposed a novel security scheme against routing misbehavior through Black hole attack .
In large eddy simulations , the Reynolds averages of nonlinear terms are not directly computable in terms of the resolved variables and require a closure hypothesis or model , known as a subgrid scale term .	Inspired by the renormalization group ( RNG ) , we introduce an expansion for the unclosed terms , carried out explicitly to all orders .
In this note , we propose a semiparametric generalized linear models framework for time-series data that does not require specification of a working conditional response distribution for the data .	Instead , the underlying response distribution is treated as an infinite-dimensional parameter which is estimated simultaneously with the usual finite-dimensional parameters via a maximum empirical likelihood approach .
In low-multiplicity collisions , unlike in high-multiplicity collisions , two-pion correlations are substantially altered by background correlations , e.g.mini-jets .	Such correlations can be suppressed using three-pion cumulant correlations .
The invention of laser immediately enabled us to detect nonlinearities of photon interaction in matter , as manifested for example by Franken et al .	's detection of second harmonic generation and the excitation of the Brillouin forward scattering process .
We calculate experimentally observed quantities related to the SU ( 2 ) asymmetry of the nucleon sea such as the Gottfried sum and the Drell-Yan cross section ratios , and find these quantities are insensitive to the off-shell effects of the pions structure function .	However , the $ x $ dependence of $ \bar { u } -\bar { d } $ calculated with the off-shell structure function shows a clear deviation from the result with the on-shell one .
Muzzleloading powder charges provide a combination of muzzle velocity and velocity loss due to air resistance for a given ballistic coefficient that produce impact velocities corresponding to typical pistol velocities .	With readily available sabots , this approach allows for testing of terminal ballistics of .355 , .357 , .40 , .429 , .45 , and .458 caliber bullets with two muzzleloaders ( .45 and .50 caliber ) .
Then we describe the structures of all simple weight modules over $ H $ and $ H ' $ , and classify them .	We also consider the decomposition of the tensor product of two simple weight modules over $ H ' $ into the direct sum of indecomposable modules .
Assuming Landau-level mixing effects are not strong , we show that the CF liquid at $ \nu=2+1/2 $ in the $ n=1 $ Landau level can not exist and relate this to the absence of a hierarchy of incompressible states for filling fractions $ 2+1/3 & lt ; \nu & lt ; 2+2/3 $ .	We find that a polarized CF liquid should exist at $ \nu=2+1/4 $ .
In this paper , we show how these issues can easily be overcome in the framework of the de Broglie-Bohm quantum theory .	This theory is an alternative to standard quantum theory that provides an objective description of physical reality , where rather ambiguous notions of measurement or observer play no fundamental role , and which can hence be applied to the Universe as a whole .
We extend the famous convexity theorem of Atiyah , Guillemin and Sternberg to the case of non-Hamiltonian actions .	We show that the image of a generalized momentum map is a bounded polytope times a vector space .
The proposed concept of operations is hybrid : the feedback signal is a superposition of a measured value and of a virtual value that can be tuned in order to guarantee a desired behavior .	This paper is concerned with an analytical study of the system 's closed-loop stability , and with an experimental validation of the hybrid concept of operations in one dimension ( 1D ) .
For the strongest prior choice , we find odds of order 50:1 ( 200:1 ) in favour of a flat Universe when compared with a closed ( open ) model .	We also report a robust , prior-independent lower limit to the number of Hubble spheres in the Universe , N_U & gt ; 5 ( at 99 % confidence ) .
Both proposed approaches consider inner products corresponding to oblique coordinate systems instead of the conventional Euclidean inner product .	One of the approaches performs iterations to obtain separating inner products .
The eigenfunctions are realized as an orthonormal basis of a suitable Hilbert space .	Four different classes of temporally stable coherent states associated to the operator are presented .
A two-time-scale formulation is used to establish bounds on the bias induced by the averaging method .	Further , this formulation provides a framework to create an accelerated `averaged ' version of most single-scale sensitivity estimation method .
The model posssesses an exact $ \U ( 1 ) _R $ symmetry as a supersymmetric counterpart of the L\ '' uscher lattice chiral $ \U ( 1 ) $ symmetry .	A restration of the supersymmetric Ward-Takahashi identity in the continuum limit is analyzed in renormalized perturbation theory .
In the absence of negative-energy states , the kernels of the three-dimensional equations derived by this technique may be represented as sums of time-ordered perturbation theory diagrams .	Consequently , such equations have two major advantages over quasi-potential equations : they may easily be written down in any Lorentz frame , and they include the meson-retardation effects present in the original four-dimensional equation .
I. sedimentation analysis '' by Rybenkov et al. , for the case of sedimentation .	Such a relation was previously shown to hold with simulations for knot electrophoresis .
Applying this algorithm is crucial to understand the behaviour of structured data .	Most of the structured data in scientific domain are voluminous .
The electronic transition is not accompanied by any measurable crystallographic distortion , either internal or external , so the symmetry of the system remains cubic .	The polarization and azimuthal dependence of the intensity of the resonant peaks is well reproduced assuming Templeton scattering from a triple-q longitudinal antiferroquadrupolar structure .
An exact expression of the energy spectrum is obtained , in which the irreparable phase string effect [ Phys.Rev.Lett .	77 , 5102 ( 1996 ) ] is explicitly present .
The dielectric film is allowed to be either active or passive , situations that we model by assigning negative and positive values , respectively , to the imaginary part $ \epsilon_2 $ of the dielectric constant of the film .	We study the reflectance $ { \cal R } $ and the total scattered energy $ { \cal U } $ for the system as functions of both $ \epsilon_2 $ and the angle of incidence of the light .
The origin of the 90 K nematic transition in the chalcogenide FeSe , which displays no magnetic order down to T=0 , remains a major puzzle for a unifying theory for the iron-based superconductors .	We analyze this problem in light of recent experimental data which reveal very small Fermi pockets in this material .
The distance to the cluster is derived as 2.8 $ \pm $ 0.2 kpc while its age is estimated as $ 6.0\pm2.0 $ Myr .	Present study indicates that interstellar reddening is normal in the direction of the cluster .
The target was recently discovered as nearby M9-dwarf among DENIS sources ( Delfosse et al.2001 ) .	We detect parallactic motion on our images and determine the distance to be 4.6 pm 0.3 pc , more precise than previously known .
Currently , only lower limits were securely set to the initial fireball Lorentz factor Gamma_0 .	We aim to provide a direct measure of Gamma_0 .
They contain three or more particles , and are described by nonrelativistic Quantum Mechanics .	In the smallest systems ( 6 particles or less ) , exact diagonalization complemented with the Lanczos algorithm , and some analytical approaches ( 1/D-expansion , improved semiclassical quantization , etc . ) are used .
We conservatively approximate the selection functions of these clusters ' parent surveys , and quantify the tension between the abundances of massive clusters as predicted by the standard LCDM model and the observed ones .	We alleviate the tension considering non-Gaussian primordial perturbations of the local type , characterized by the parameter fnl and derive constraints on fnl arising from the mere existence of these clusters .
We show that if all points of $ P $ are $ k $ -shallow , then $ P $ can be partitioned into $ \Theta ( n/k ) $ subsets , so that any hyperplane crosses at most $ O ( ( n/k ) ^ { 1-1/ ( d-1 ) } \log^ { 2/ ( d-1 ) } ( n/k ) ) $ subsets .	Given such a partition , we can apply the standard construction of a spanning tree with small crossing number within each subset , to obtain a spanning tree for the point set $ P $ , with crossing number $ O ( n^ { 1-1/ ( d-1 ) } k^ { 1/d ( d-1 ) } \log^ { 2/ ( d-1 ) } ( n/k ) ) $ .
We calculate the evolution of the DM relic abundance and show how oscillations re-open the parameter space of aDM models , in particular in the direction of allowing large ( WIMP-scale ) DM masses .	A typical wimp with a mass at the EW scale ( \sim 100 GeV - 1 TeV ) presenting a primordial asymmetry of the same order as the baryon asymmetry naturally gets the correct relic abundance if the DM-number-violating Delta ( DM ) = 2 mass term is in the \sim meV range .
So far , these studies have been limited to the case of diffusive transport through graphene with poorly defined and modest quality graphene-superconductor interfaces , usually combined with small critical magnetic fields of the superconducting electrodes .	Here we report graphene based Josephson junctions with one-dimensional edge contacts of Molybdenum Rhenium .
Most of our understanding of the Local Bubble has come from soft X-ray observations , but recent appreciation of the importance of solar wind charge exchange ( SWCX ) reactions has shown that the heliosphere produces some fraction of the soft X-rays that were previously ascribed to the Local Bubble .	Some astronomers suggest that the SWCX X-rays rather than Local Bubble emission could explain most of the locally produced X-rays .
MAXI/GSC is sensitive to the energy range from 2 to 30 keV .	This energy range is lower than other currently operating instruments which is capable of detecting GRBs .
The original conductance state can be restored by injecting a current of similar magnitude but of opposite polarity .	We thus achieve reversible nanoscale phase separation that gives rise to the possibility to `` write , read , and erase '' nanosized conducting regions in an insulating matrix with high spatial resolution .
Little attention has so far been paid to the division of the observed population between pulsars of the two spin directions that are possible .	Almost all pulsars with positive corotational charge density at the polar caps are expected to satisfy space-charge limited flow boundary conditions .
) , we reformulate these filters as integral operators defined in a one-dimensional space corresponding to the level sets measures .	We prove the equivalence between the usual pixel-based version and the rearranged version of the filter .
In this paper , we describe the results of deep narrow and broad-band imaging and subsequent follow-up multi-object spectroscopy of faint high-redshift galaxies in the fields of the BRI1346-0322 and Q2138-4427 .	These QSOs have intervening absorbers , at redshifts z=2.85 and z=3.15 respectively , for which redshifted Ly-alpha emission falls within less than a few AA from the central wavelengths of existing VLT ( ~60 AA wide ) narrow-band filters .
We take the counterions explicitly into account and calculate the full Coulomb interaction via an Ewald summation method .	We find that the free counterions of the solution are distributed in such a way that a fraction of the chain charges is effectively neutralized .
This survey found a faint new PWN around PSR B0906-49 ; here we report on non-detections of PWNe towards PSRs B1046-58 , B1055-52 , B1610-50 and J1105-6107 .	Our radio observations of the field around PSR B1055-52 argue against previous claims of an extended X-ray and radio PWNe associated with the pulsar .
We have studied an ultraluminous X-ray source ( ULX ) in NGC 4559 with XMM-Newton , and its peculiar star-forming environment with HST/WFPC2 .	The X-ray source is one of the brightest in its class ( L_x ~ 2 x 10^ { 40 } erg/s ) .
Quantum logic gates can perform calculations much more efficiently than their classical counterparts .	However , the level of control needed to obtain a reliable quantum operation is correspondingly higher .
For a plane graph $ G $ , two faces $ f_1 $ and $ f_2 $ of $ G $ are \emph { adjacent $ ( i , j ) $ -faces } if $ d ( f_1 ) =i $ , $ d ( f_2 ) =j $ and $ f_1 $ and $ f_2 $ have a common edge , where $ d ( f ) $ is the degree of a face $ f $ .	In this paper , we prove that every uniquely 3-colorable plane graph has adjacent $ ( 3 , k ) $ -faces , where $ k\leq 5 $ .
These image manipulation and analysis algorithms were applied to simulated data from the Dark Energy Survey , as well as observed data collected by the Y4KCam on the CTIO 1m telescope and the Mosaic camera on the Blanco telescope .	The accuracy and speed of the ImageHealth code in particular were benchmarked against results from SourceExtractor , a standard image analysis tool ubiquitous in the astronomical community .
This article concerns spherical symmetry , but each condition can be generalized .	Involute trapped spheres satisfy a similar condition to minimal trapped spheres , which are are strictly minimal with respect to the Kodama vector .
We observed the nuclear clusters in 40 galaxies , selected from two previous HST/WFPC2 imaging surveys .	The spectra provide a better separation of cluster light from underlying galaxy light than is possible with ground-based spectra .
COINS is behind 1 ) the cosmic coincidence , 2 ) the spatial flatness , 3 ) cosmic entropy , 4 ) initial amplitude of cosmic perturbations .	COINS suggests also a solution to the naturalnes problem .
Write $ Z $ for the set of common zeros of the $ f_i $ , over the field $ F $ .	Warning showed that $ # ( Z\cap H_1 ) \equiv # ( Z\cap H_2 ) \mod { p } $ for any two parallel affine hyperplanes $ H_1 , H_2 $ in $ F^n $ .
It is found that the behaviors of the steady-state spin diffusion for the four configurations are very different , which are determined by three characteristic lengths : the mean free path $ l_ { \tau } $ , the Zeeman oscillation length $ l_ { \Omega } $ and the spin-orbit coupling oscillation length $ l_ { \alpha } $ .	It is analytically revealed and numerically confirmed that by tuning the scattering strength , the system can be divided into { \it five } regimes : I , weak scattering regime ( $ l_ { \tau } \gtrsim l_ { \Omega } , l_ { \alpha } $ ) ; II , Zeeman field-dominated moderate scattering regime ( $ l_ { \Omega } \ll l_ { \tau } \ll l_ { \alpha } $ ) ; III , spin-orbit coupling-dominated moderate scattering regime ( $ l_ { \alpha } \ll l_ { \tau } \ll l_ { \Omega } $ ) ; IV , relatively strong scattering regime ( $ l_ { \tau } ^c\ll l_ { \tau } \ll l_ { \Omega } , l_ { \alpha } $ ) ; V , strong scattering regime ( $ l_ { \tau } \ll l_ { \Omega } , l_ { \alpha } , l_ { \tau } ^c $ ) , with $ l_ { \tau } ^c $ representing the crossover length between the relatively strong and strong scattering regimes .
Using the black hole transient X-ray source A0620-00 as an example we study the physical interplay of three theoretical constituents for modelling these transient sources : ( 1 ) the advection-dominated accretion flow ( ADAF ) onto the central black hole , ( 2 ) the evaporation of matter from the cool outer disk forming a coronal flow and ( 3 ) standard disk evolution leading to outburst cycles by accretion disk instability ( dwarf nova mechanism ) .	We investigate the evolution of accretion disks during quiescence including the evaporation of gas in the inner part of the disk .
The main advantages are the absence of crossover resonances , the appearance of the signal on a flat ( Doppler-free ) background , and the higher signal-to-noise ratio of the primary peaks .	Interaction with non-zero-velocity atoms causes additional peaks , but only one of them appears within the primary spectrum .
The resulting colour-magnitude diagram shows that early-type FS90 galaxies that are spectroscopically confirmed Antlia members or that were considered as definite members by FS90 , follow a well defined CMR ( sigma_ ( C -T1 ) ~ 0.07 mag ) that spans 9 magnitudes in brightness with no apparent change of slope .	This relation is very tight for the whole magnitude range but S0 galaxies show a larger dispersion , apparently due to a separation of ellipticals and S0s .
We present a quantum theory of frustrated diamond lattice antiferromagnets .	Considering quantum fluctuations as the predominant mechanism relieving spin frustration , we find a rich phase diagram comprising of six phases with coplanar spiral ordering in addition to the N\'eel phase .
In the admittance representation , this power law is often shown as the constant phase angle ( CPA ) response .	Apparently , the power that characterizes many different systems , when expressed as the frequency dispersion of conductivity ( the real part of admittance ) is often found to be in the range of 0.6 - 0.7 or having frequency independent , constant phase angles ( CPA ) of about 54 - 63 deg .
One star exhibits a variation that is best interpreted as due to gravitational microlensing by an unseen object .	This candidate was also reported by the MACHO collaboration .
Dynamic magnetic susceptibility and { \it memory effect } experiments provide results that do not conform with a canonical spin-glass scenario in this material .	Through polarized neutron scattering studies , absence of long-range magnetic order down to 4~K is confirmed in FeAl $ _2 $ O $ _4 $ .
In braneworld models a variable vacuum energy may appear if the size of the extra dimension changes during the evolution of the universe .	In this scenario the acceleration of the universe is related not only to the variation of the cosmological term , but also to the time evolution of $ G $ and , possibly , to the variation of other fundamental `` constants '' as well .
Trapping lithium with a big number in a simplified experimental setup has difficulties and challenges today .	In this paper , we experimentally demonstrate the enhancement of \textsuperscript { 6 } Li trapping efficiency in a three-dimensional magneto-optical trap ( 3D MOT ) by using the multiple-sideband cooling in a two-dimensional magneto-optical trap ( 2D MOT ) .
Our data show a highly significant pulsed signal in the energy range from 50 to 400 GeV in both the main pulse ( P1 ) and the interpulse ( P2 ) phase regions .	We provide the widest spectra to date of the VHE components of both peaks , and these spectra extend to the energy range of satellite-borne observatories .
The basic Levenshtein approach has been extended to token-based distance metric .	The distance metric is enhanced to set the proper granularity level behavior of the algorithm .
Despite their very low surface gravities , the surfaces of asteroids and comets are covered by granular materials - regolith - that can range from a fine dust to a gravel-like structure of varying depths .	Understanding the dynamics of granular materials is , therefore , vital for the interpretation of the surface geology of these small bodies and is also critical for the design and/or operations of any device planned to interact with their surfaces .
We performed an analysis of their spectral energy distributions to understand the origin of their emission and constrain their luminosities .	A comparison with other composite systems at similar redshifts from the literature is also presented .
We make some progresses in this direction for two classes of such channels .	With phase noise on the individual paths of the channel ( model A ) , we show that the multiplexing gain is 1/2 , which implies that the capacity does not scale with the channel dimension at high SNR .
The radiative decay of the massive neutrino $ \nu_i \rightarrow \nu_j \gamma $ in a circularly polarized electromagnetic wave is investigated within the Standard theory with lepton mixing .	The decay probability in the wave field does not contain a threshold factor $ \sim ( 1 - m_i / m_j ) $ as opposed to the decay probability in a vacuum or in a constant uniform external field .
To the best of our knowledge , we provide in this paper the first replicator dynamics applicable to the sequence form of an extensive-form game , allowing an exponential reduction of time and space w.r.t .	the currently adopted replicator dynamics for normal form .
The nonlinear magnetic metamaterials are composed of varactor-loaded split-ring resonators which are coupled magnetically through their mutual inductances , forming thus a magnetoiductive transmission line .	In the linear limit , significant power transmission along the array only appears for frequencies inside the linear magnetoinductive wave band .
It is shown that all available excitation energy is transferred to the colder fragment .	This effect explains why an increase of excitation energy is translated into an increase of the number of emitted neutrons for the heavy fission fragments only .
The analysis of the states is done with the variational method , including two kinds of Gaussian sources and derivative sources .	We obtain several ground states fairly precisely and find radial excitations in various channels .
This result creates the premises for a tractable analysis of RLNC packet spread , which is in turn used for enhancing its throughput under broadcast .	By exploiting the similarity between channel coding and RLNC in intermittently connected networks , we show that quite surprisingly , network coding , when not used properly , is still significantly underutilizing network resources .
We find that even moderate spins can significantly increase the amount of mass in unbound material .	In some of the more extreme cases , there can be up to a third of a solar mass in unbound matter .
Rotavirus ( RV ) is the major etiologic agent of severe infantile gastroenteritis ; its genome has 11 segments of double stranded RNA , encoding 12 proteins .	The non-structural protein 4 ( NSP4 ) encoded by segment 10 is multifunctional .
The classical archipelago is a non-contractible subset of $ \mathbb { R } ^3 $ which is homeomorphic to a disk except at one non-manifold point .	Its fundamental group , $ \mathcal { A } $ , is the quotient of the topologist 's product of $ \mathbb Z $ , the fundamental group of the shrinking wedge of countably many copies of the circle ( the Hawaiian earring ) , modulo the corresponding free product .
Two problems will be considered : the question of hidden parameters and the problem of Kolmogorovity of quantum probabilities .	Both of them will be analyzed from the point of view of two distinct understandings of quantum mechanical probabilities .
The study of the two-shell system started in `` Pair of null gravitating shells I and II '' ( gr-qc/0112060 -- 061 ) is continued .	The pull back of the Liouville form to the constraint surface , which contains complete information about the Poisson brackets of Dirac observables , is computed in the singular double-null Eddington-Finkelstein ( DNEF ) gauge .
In this review , the status of measurements of the matter density ( Omega ) , the vaccuum energy density or cosmological constant ( Lambda ) , the Hubble constant ( H0 ) , and ages of the oldest measured objects ( t0 ) are summarized .	Measurements of the statistics of gravitational lenses and strong gravitational lensing are discussed in the context of limits on Lambda .
The search for heavy resonances has for long been a part of the physics programme at colliders .	Traditionally , the dijet channel has been examined as part of this search .
A recently obtained extension ( xncKP ) of the Moyal-deformed KP hierarchy ( ncKP hierarchy ) by a set of evolution equations in the Moyal-deformation parameters is further explored .	Formulae are derived to compute these equations efficiently .
The relationship between BQP and PH has been an open problem since the earliest days of quantum computing .	We present evidence that quantum computers can solve problems outside the entire polynomial hierarchy , by relating this question to topics in circuit complexity , pseudorandomness , and Fourier analysis .
This paper considers a non-coherent multi-shot network , where the unknown and time-variant network is used several times .	In order to create dependencies between the different shots , particular convolutional codes in rank metric are used .
To ensure a model independent assessment , sensitivity studies across a comprehensive set of progenitors and equations of state are performed .	In our systematic study , we find a +16/-4 % range in the mass of the inner-core at the time of shock formation and a $ \pm $ 20 % range of peak { \nu } e-luminosity during the deleptonization burst .
Despite strong experimental evidences for their conservation at low energies , the baryon $ B $ and lepton $ L $ numbers are not expected to be absolute symmetries .	Already violated in the Standard Model ( SM ) by non-perturbative effects ( tiny at low temperatures and energies ) and not justified by any fundamental principle , $ B $ and $ L $ appear naturally violated in beyond the Standard Model ( BSM ) scenarios , e.g.in supersymmetry ( SUSY ) .
We present interpretation of the oscillation spectrum of the early B-type star $ \gamma $ Pegasi , in which both low order p/g and high-order g-modes are observed .	Using amplitudes and phases of the photometric and radial velocity variations , we identify/constrain the mode degree , $ \ell $ , for all 14 detected frequencies .
We present a model-independent study of spectator effects , which are responsible for the lifetime differences between beauty hadrons .	These effects can be parametrized in terms of hadronic matrix elements of four four-quark operators .
The quantization of gravity coupled to a perfect fluid model leads to a Schr\ '' odinger-like equation , where the matter variable plays the role of time .	The wave function can be determined , in the flat case , for an arbitrary barotropic equation of state $ p = \alpha\rho $ ; solutions can also be found for the radiative non-flat case .
Our works aim at developing a Web platform to connect various Communities of Practice ( CoPs ) and to capitalise on all their knowledge .	This platform addresses CoPs interested in a same general activity , for example tutoring .
Implementation of an effective microshort is achieved via a section of insulating barrier that is locally wider in the junction plane .	Using a junction with this geometry we demonstrate classical state preparation and readout .
By patterning a photonic crystal on the SiN membranes , we observe reflectivities greater than 99 % .	These on-chip resonators have remarkably low mechanical dissipation , with $ Q_\mathrm { m } $ $ \sim $ $ 10^8 $ , while at the same time exhibiting large reflectivities .
We examine the neutralino relic density in the presence of a light top squark , such as the one required for the realization of the electroweak baryogenesis mechanism , within the minimal supersymmetric standard model .	We show that there are three clearly distinguishable regions of parameter space , where the relic density is consistent with WMAP and other cosmological data .
Together , they form a highly unusual magnetic state -- a `` Coulomb phase '' -- whose excitations are pointlike defects -- magnetic monopoles -- in the absence of which effectively no dynamics is possible .	Hence , when they are sparse at low temperature , dynamics becomes very sluggish .
We find that the allowed region of parameters is considerably enhanced with respect to former `` improved '' tree level results .	Next , we study the fine-tuning problem associated with the high sensitivity of $ M_Z $ to $ h_t $ ( the top Yukawa coupling ) .
This theory is ultimately related to abelian 6D ( 2,0 ) theory .	We construct the full non-perturbative partition function on toric Sasaki-Einstein manifolds by gluing flat copies of the Nekrasov partition function and we express the full partition function in terms of the generalized double elliptic gamma function $ G_2^C $ associated with a certain moment map cone $ C $ .
TenTen is a proposed stereoscopic array ( with a suggested site in Australia ) of modest-sized ( 10 to 30m^2 ) Cherenkov imaging telescopes with a wide field of view ( 8 to 10deg diameter ) optimised for the E~10 to 100 TeV range .	TenTen will achieve an effective area of ~10 km^2 at energies above 10 TeV .
In this manuscript , we present initial results from the HIFI spectral survey of the Sagittarius B2 ( N ) molecular cloud , which contains spectral features assigned to at least 40 different molecules in a range of physical environments .	While extensive line blending is observed due to the chemical complexity of this region , reliable molecular line identifications can be made , down to the noise floor , due to the large number of transitions detected for each species in the 1.2 THz survey bandwidth .
Here D= { x\in R^n : g_1 ( x ) & gt ; = 0 , ... , g_m ( x ) & gt ; = 0 } is a convex domain defined by some `` nice '' concave polynomials g_i ( x ) ( they satisfy certain concavity certificates ) , and f ( x ) is a polynomial or rational function .	When f ( x ) is concave over \mc { D } , we prove that S_D ( f ) has some explicit semidefinite representations under certain conditions called preordering concavity or q-module concavity , which are based on the Positivstellensatz certificates for the first order concavity criteria .
We present formulations to minimize server energy consumption and server cost under three different data center server setups ( homogeneous , heterogeneous , and hybrid hetero-homogeneous clusters ) with dynamic temporal workload .	Our studies show that the homogeneous model significantly differs from the heterogeneous model in computational time ( by an order of magnitude ) .
Moreover , we give a sufficient condition for the equality in the inequality .	In order to prove it , we also solve the orbifold Yamabe problem under a certain condition .
We find that the virial temperature has a strong effect on many aspects of the resulting system , including among others : the fraction of bodies escaping from the system , the depth of the collapse of the system , and the strength of the mass segregation .	These differences deem the practice of using `` cold '' initial conditions no longer a simple choice of convenience .
More precisely , as a prototypical representative of this class we study radially symmetric solutions of the parabolic-elliptic system ( see the text ) .	Under the initial condition $ u|_ { t=0 } =u_0 & gt ; 0 $ and no-flux boundary conditions in balls $ \Omega\subset\mathbb { R } ^n $ , where $ \chi & gt ; 0 $ and $ \mu : =\frac { 1 } { |\Omega| } \int_\Omega u_0 $ .\abs The main results assert the existence of a unique classical solution , extensible in time up to a maximal $ T_ { max } \in ( 0 , \infty ] $ which has the property that $ $ \mbox { if } \quad T_ { max } & lt ; \infty \quad \mbox { then } \quad\limsup_ { t\nearrow T_ { max } } \|u ( \cdot , t ) \|_ { L^\infty ( \Omega ) } =\infty .
These inside-out bursts of accretion bear a qualitative resemblance to the outburst behavior of one FU Ori object , V1515 Cyg , in contrast to the outside-in burst models which more closely resemble the accretion events in FU Ori and V1057 Cyg .	Our results suggest that the type and frequency of outbursts are potentially a probe of transport efficiency in the dead zone .
Further , we give an operational meaning to the bounds for cases where the individual particles can not be addressed .	As a by-product , this allows us to show that in spin squeezing experiments with cold gases the particles are typically distinguishable in practise .
Even then it was recognized that efficiency modulations may appear as function of the electron energy , arising when electrons hit a baffle or miss the sensitive area of the detector .	Current high precision beta decay experiments of polarized neutrons with conceptional similar experimental devices resulted in a detailed study of the point spread function ( PSF ) .
The expected total transmitted data during the transmitter 's activation time is maximized under three different sets of assumptions regarding the information available at the transmitter about the underlying stochastic processes .	A learning theoretic approach is introduced , which does not assume any a priori information on the Markov processes governing the communication system .
Generalised matrix elements of the irreducible representations of the quantum $ SU ( 2 ) $ group are defined using certain orthonormal bases of the representation space .	The generalised matrix elements are relatively infinitesimal invariant with respect to Lie algebra like elements of the quantised universal enveloping algebra of $ sl ( 2 ) $ .
Spiral galaxies are surrounded by a widely distributed hot coronal gas and seem to be fed by infalling clouds of neutral hydrogen gas with low metallicity and high velocities .	We numerically study plasma waves produced by the collisions of these high-velocity clouds ( HVCs ) with the hot halo gas and with the gaseous disk .
We circumvent the derivation of explicit dynamical equations ( approximately ) governing the evolution of these coarse-grained macroscopic variables ; instead we use the { \it equation-free framework } [ Kevrekidis { \it et al . } , { \it Comm.Math.Sci . }	{ \bf 1 } ( 4 ) , 715 ( 2003 ) ] to computationally solve these equations without obtaining them in closed form .
These studies date back to Einstein 's work on Brownian Motion , were continued by Nyquist and Onsager and culminated in Kubo 's linear response theory .	The FDR has been originally developed in the framework of statistical mechanics of Hamiltonian systems , nevertheless a generalized FDR holds under rather general hypotheses , regardless of the Hamiltonian , or equilibrium nature of the system .
We present further observational evidence of the effects of a centrifugal barrier in GRO J1744-28 , based on continued monitoring of the source with RXTE .	For X-ray pulsars , the centrifugal barrier manifests itself in the cessation of pulsed emission when the source becomes faint .
The altruistic behavior is controlled by varying the number of traders that behave altruistically and by the degree of altruism that they show .	The resulting wealth distribution is characterized using the Gini index .
We prove an abstract Implicit Function Theorem with parameters for smooth operators defined on sequence scales , modeled for the search of quasi-periodic solutions of PDEs .	The tame estimates required for the inverse linearised operators at each step of the iterative scheme are deduced via a multiscale inductive argument .
The results show that the total dose radiation response of the back transistor of SOI pMOSFETs , similar to that of SOI nMOSFETs , depends greatly on their bias conditions during irradiation .	However , with the Float-State bias , rather than the Off-State bias , the back transistors of SOI pMOSFETs reveal a much higher sensitivity to total dose radiation , which is contrary to those of SOI nMOSFETs .
In this work , the moving electron is considered as a particle and the electromagnetic energy associated with it is shown to be proportional to the de Broglie frequency .	This energy is released when its motion is arrested , as for example on a diffraction screen , where it causes the observed interfernce patterns .
Exponential convergence facilitates drastic reduction in the number of elements .	This , combined with sparse computation associated with linear finite elements , results in significant reduction in the computational cost .
This result can be used to optimize model checking of Dining Cryptographers-based protocols , and applied within a methodology for knowledge-based program implementation and verification .	Some case studies of such an application are given , for a protocol that uses the Dining Cryptographers protocol as a primitive in an anonymous broadcast system .
These objects complement a previously investigated sample of 108 UV-luminous galaxies at similar redshifts , selected from the FDF spectroscopic survey , the K20 survey , and the GDDS .	The shape of the UV extinction curve is constrained by a parametric description of the rest-frame UV continuum .
We study the critical exponents $ \nu $ and $ 2\Delta_4 -\gamma $ as well as several universal amplitude ratios ; in particular , we make an extremely sensitive test of the hyperscaling relation $ d\nu = 2\Delta_4 -\gamma $ .	In two dimensions , we confirm the predicted exponent $ \nu = 3/4 $ and the hyperscaling relation ; we estimate the universal ratios $ \ & lt ; R_g^2\ & gt ; / \ & lt ; R_e^2\ & gt ; = 0.14026 \pm 0.00007 $ , $ \ & lt ; R_m^2\ & gt ; / \ & lt ; R_e^2\ & gt ; = 0.43961 \pm 0.00034 $ and $ \Psi^* = 0.66296 \pm 0.00043 $ ( 68\ % confidence limits ) .
The majority of stars in this group show lithium abundances much smaller than expected for their chromospheric ages , which is interpreted as an indication of their old age .	Radial velocity measurements in the literature also show that they are not close binaries .
Using state-of-the-art electronic structure calculations we show that when Mn atoms migrate to sites occupied in the perfect alloys by Co , these Mn atoms have spin moments antiparallel to the other transition metal atoms .	The ferrimagnetic compounds , which result from this procedure , keep the half-metallic character of the parent compounds and the large exchange-splitting of the Mn impurities atoms only marginally affects the width of the gap in the minority-spin band .
When voids are penalized by external pressure , the system is forced to trade off these competing effects , leading to sometimes striking periodic patterns .	In this paper we construct a simple model of geometrically nonlinear multi-layered structures under axial loading and pressure confinement , with non-interpenetration conditions separating the layers .
1 HzRGs are inferred to be extremely massive , including old stars ( up to $ \sim $ 10 $ ^ { 12 } $ M $ _ { \odot } $ ) , hot gas ( up to $ \sim $ 10 $ ^ { 12 } $ M $ _ { \odot } $ ) and molecular gas ( up to $ \sim $ 10 $ ^ { 11 } $ M $ _ { \odot } $ ) .Because they are highly luminous and ( unlike quasars ) spatially resolvable from the ground , most components of HzRGs provide important diagnostic information about the spatial distributions of processes within HzRGs and their environment .	The fact that the different constituents are present in the same objects and that the { \bf { \it interrelationships and interactions between them } } can be studied make distant radio galaxies unique laboratories for probing massive galaxy and cluster formation in the early Universe .
Wavefront dislocations are topological features of most waves in nature and also of magnetohydrodynamic waves .	Are there dislocations in coronal waves ?
I have applied this idea in 1996 to the problem of the largest cold gravitating system , the finite Universe itself .	The result was the prediction of a small , positive vacuum energy density , now known , after its experimental discovery in 1998 , as `dark energy ' .
We find a characteristic intensity redistribution between charge and spin dynamical structure factors which discriminates between sign-reversing and sign-preserving quasiparticle excitations .	Consequently , our results show that RIXS spectra can distinguish between $ s_\pm $ and $ s_ { ++ } $ wave gap functions in the singlet pairing case .
Spectra for the galaxies are co-added and the stacked spectrum allows us to make a $ \sim 3\sigma $ measurement of the average HI mass .	Using this average HI mass along with the integral optical $ B $ -band luminosity of the galaxies and the luminosity density of the COSMOS field , a volume normalisation is applied to obtain the cosmic HI mass density ( $ \Omega_ { \rm HI } $ ) .
Indeed , it is quite easy to create queries that tax even the most optimised triple stores .	Currently , application developers have little concrete guidance on how to write `` good '' queries .
We derive a fundamental relation between the Euler angles that describe the curve and the topological linking number .	Analytical expressions for the spatial configurations of the molecule in the infinite- length limit were obtained .
The mechanisms able to capture the uranian irregulars before and after the GC are analysed .	Assuming that they were captured before the GC , we calculate the orbital transfer of the nine irregulars by the impulse imparted by the GC .
For a given distribution of the randomly selected channel codewords , we propose a universal decoder that depends on the statistics of neither the correlated sources nor the channel , assuming first that they are both memoryless .	Exact analysis of the random-binning/random-coding error exponent of this universal decoder shows that it is the same as the one achieved by the optimal maximum a-posteriori ( MAP ) decoder .
In 1991 , Wei introduced generalized minimum Hamming weights for linear codes and showed their monotonicity and duality .	Recently , several authors extended these results to the case of generalized minimum poset weights by using different methods .
At small radius of S^1 , the theory is in a phase where charge conjugation and large non-periodic gauge transformation are spontaneously broken .	But for large radius of S^1 the phase preseves these symmetries just as in the related supersymmetric theory .
We discuss how extra dimensions can be searched for in high energy cross section data and find no room for large extra dimensions in present data .	Any apparent signatures of extra dimensions at the LHC may have to be interpreted as due to some other form of new physics .
We show how multiplier ideals can be used to obtain uniform multiplicative bounds for certain families of ideals on a smooth complex algebraic variety .	In particular we prove a quick but rather surprising result about symbolic powers of radical ideals on such a variety .
In this paper , we put constraints on anomalous $ \mathcal { CP } $ -violating top-Higgs couplings using the currently available Higgs data and explore the prospect of measuring these couplings at 240 GeV TLEP .	We find that the $ \mathcal { CP } $ -violating phase $ \xi $ is currently limited in the range $ |\xi| & lt ; 0.6\pi $ at 95\ % C.L .
Since the required parameters have been fixed by other processes , the considered three-body decays are predictions of the presented approach .	The decay width of the omega meson into three pions agrees very well with experiment .
The trapping effect does not require light to be coherent .	This property also remains in the wave formalism , which may be the sign for many potential applications .
A many-body coherent potential approximation ( CPA ) previously developed for the double exchange ( DE ) model is extended to include coupling to local quantum phonons .	The Holstein-DE model studied ( equal to the Holstein model for zero Hund coupling ) is considered to be a simple model for the colossal magnetoresistance manganites .
Peculiarities of applying the squaring method in Majorana representation are investigated as well .	The constructed bases are relevant to describe the Casimir effect for Dirac and Weyl fields in the domain restricted by two planes .
Our sample covers an area of ~2.1 sq .	deg ( 15 XMM-Newton fields ) and comprises a total of 21 ( 19 serendipitous + 2 target ) extended X-ray sources to the limit f ( 0.5-2keV ) ~ 6x10^ { -15 } cgs with a high probability ( & gt ; 99.9 % ) of being extended on the XMM-Newton images .
The focus of the study is on the non-trivial vacuum structure and the fermion condensate .	It is shown that the indefinite-metric quantization of free gauge bosons is not compatible with the residual gauge symmetry of the interacting theory .
Allowing infinitely many shift orbits in the support , we construct elements of the graded center of the stable module category of a tame group algebra of a kind that can not occur with wild block algebras .	We use functorial methods extensively in the proof , developing some of this theory in the context of triangulated categories .
The Fundamental Plane ( FP ) is determined and a significant tilt is assessed .	The origins of such a tilt are investigated by means of a spherically symmetric , isotropic pressure supported dynamical model relying on the observed surface brightness profiles .
It relies on a combination of an asymptotic method used in the field of partial differential equations with term rewriting techniques coming from computer science .	In our approach , a multi-scale model derivation is characterized by the features taken into account in the asymptotic analysis .
We find evidence for vertical temperature gradient in the disks of MWC 480 and DM Tau , as in AB Aur , but not in LkCa 15 .	The disks temperature increase with stellar effective temperature .
This model is appropriate to study the VBS picture and the hidden Z_2\times Z_2 symmetry concerning to the Haldane gap problem .	The possible phases are the ferromagnetic , the XY , the Haldane , the dimer , and the N\'eel ones .
We perform the analyses by using an independent statistical method based on posterior samplings and model comparisons in the Bayesian framework that is known to be more sensitive to weak signals of low-mass planets .	According to our analyses , we find strong evidence in favour of a third candidate planet in the system corresponding to a cold sub-Saturnian planet with an orbital period of 500 days and a minimum mass of 29 $ M_ { \oplus } $ .
We vary the size and concentration of penetrable hard sphere depletants in a system of cuboctahedra , and we show how depletion changes the preferential facet alignment of the colloids and thereby selects different crystal structures .	Moreover , we explain the cuboctahedra phase behavior using perturbative free energy calculations .
Interplay between the path dependence in the critical current density and the non-linearity in the electromagnetic response determine the metastability effects seen in first and the third harmonic response of the ac susceptibility across the temperature regions of the SMP and the PE .	The limiting temperature above which metastability effects cease can be conveniently located in the third harmonic data , and the observed behavior can be rationalized within the Beans Critical State model .
Theories of dark matter that support bound states are an intriguing possibility for the identity of the missing mass of the Universe .	This article proposes a class of models of supersymmetric composite dark matter where the interactions with the Standard Model communicate supersymmetry breaking to the dark sector .
Due to the emerging interest in this field of research we present our theoretical discussion of the thermodynamic properties of this novel structures within the strong-coupling limit .	We show , that together with the increase of the adatom doping , from one ( LiC $ _ { 6 } $ ) to two ( Li $ _ { 2 } $ C $ _ { 6 } $ ) lithium atoms per unit cell , the critical temperature ( $ T_C $ ) changes from 8.55 K to 21.83 K. Such trend is also observed for other thermodynamic properties which moreover differ from the predictions of the Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer theory .
However , they are all expected to contain the same information and in particular the numerical invariants should be related by wall-crossing formulas .	In this paper we analyze the genus zero picture and find that the wall-crossing in this case significantly generalizes toric mirror symmetry ( the toric cases correspond to abelian groups G ) .
With the peculiar motions of their hosts , we find that the matter content at such low redshift is only about 10 % of that at much higher redshifts ; such a low matter density can not be produced from density perturbations in the background of the \Lambda CDM expansion .	Recently the Planck team has reported a lower Hubble constant and a higher matter content .
This understanding has recently been challenged by an increasing number of observations in uranium systems ( UGe2 , URhGe , UIr and UCoGe ) in which superconductivity is found within a ferromagnetic state and , more fundamentally , both ordering phenomena are exhibited by the same set of heavy 5f electrons .	Since the coexistence of superconductivity and ferromagnetism is at odds with the standard theory of phonon-mediated spin-singlet superconductivity , it requires an alternative pairing mechanism , in which electrons are bound into spin-triplet pairs by spin fluctuations .
The transition is driven by coupling between mean and fluctuating velocity .	In agreement with experiments and simulations , it predicts flow for layers with a thickness H larger than a critical value $ H_ { \rm stop } ( \theta ) $ and absence of flow for $ H & lt ; H_ { \rm stop } ( \theta ) $ .
It is shown to be a universal quantity for all gauge theories .	At one-loop it is found to be zero in four dimensions .
New resonances were found , in particular a new $ \rm D_ { 15 } ( 2070 ) $ decaying into $ p\eta $ , was recently observed by the CB-ELSA experiment .	The availability of a polarized beam and a polarized target did allow to measure the GDH sum rule up to 2.9 GeV .
Let $ G $ be a topological group and $ A $ a topological $ G $ -module ( not necessarily abelian ) .	In this paper , we define $ H^ { 0 } ( G , A ) $ and $ H^ { 1 } ( G , A ) $ and will find a six terms exact cohomology sequence involving $ H^ { 0 } $ and $ H^ { 1 } $ .
Standard normal distribution is used to allot alignment time among translation subtables , which results in adjustment of the distribution of n- grams .	This leads to better evaluation results on statistical machine translation tasks than the original sampling-based alignment approach .
We explicitly incorporate the effects of backflow into the calculations of the local electric field and current , leading to a current which is properly divergenceless .	The Hall conductivity calculated from this current agrees with other mean-field calculations which assume a uniform applied electric field ( the Schmid-Caroli-Maki solution ) , thereby vindicating these simplified treatments .
Inthischapterwediscusshowtolearnanoptimalmanifoldpresentationto regularize nonegative matrix factorization ( NMF ) for data representation problems .	NMF , whichtriestorepresentanonnegativedatamatrixasaproductoftwolowrank nonnegative matrices , has been a popular method for data representation due to its ability to explore the latent part-based structure of data .
The space-time structure as known to us , disappears in this phase transition .	Thus it is hypothesized that the Universe came into existence when the SM symmetry $ SU ( 3 ) _c \otimes SU ( 2 ) _L \otimes U ( 1 ) _Y $ was spontaneously broken to $ SU ( 3 ) _c \otimes U ( 1 ) _ { em } $ .
STM jointly considers the problem of image content analysis with the users ' preferences on the basis of sparse representation .	STM is able to tackle the challenges of highly sparse user feedbacks and cold-start problmes in the social network scenario .
In this paper we construct a small $ E_\infty $ chain operad $ \S $ which acts naturally on the normalized cochains $ S^*X $ of a topological space .	We also construct , for each $ n $ , a suboperad $ \S_n $ which is quasi-isomorphic to the normalized singular chains of the little $ n $ -cubes operad .
We provide several important properties of this topology and use them to provide a simple proof of the famous HVZ theorem in the repulsive case .	In a second step we recall the method of geometric localization in Fock space as proposed by Derezi\'nski and G\'erard , and we relate this tool to our weak topology .
Inspired by these observations , we introduce a novel framework based on Recurrent Neural Networks ( RNN ) .	Compared to traditional methods , this framework directly models the dependency on user 's sequential behaviors into the click prediction process through the recurrent structure in RNN .
This enables us to compute all but a finite number values of H_Z without using the coordinates of points .	We also characterize the ACM fat points schemes using our description of the eventual behaviour .
Using the public archive of the XMM-Newton satellite , we analyze all available EPIC-pn observations for nearby Seyfert 1 galaxies MCG-6-30-15 and NGC 4051 .	We confine our analysis to 0.002-0.007 Hz frequency band in which , on the way of theoretically motivated premises , some quasi-periodic oscillations ( QPOs ) are expected to be found .
An explicit expression for the equation of state is derived , and the concentration dependence of the bulk free energy is shown to be the same as that of the Widom-Rowlinson model .	Analytic results for the phase diagram are in excellent agreement with simulation data .
We show that the MMSE is a version of the Tse-Hanly formula with system load and MSE scaled by parameters that depend on the sparsity pattern of the source .	It turns out that this is equal to the MSE obtained by a genie-aided MMSE estimator which is informed in advance about the exact locations of the non-zero blocks .
Kinetic-energy spectra and angular distributions of fragments with atomic number 3 $ \le Z \le $ 28 indicate a high degree of relaxation and are compatible with a fission-like phenomenon .	Persistence of structure effects is evidenced from elemental cross-sections ( $ \sigma_ { Z } $ ) as well as a strong odd-even-staggering ( o-e-s ) of the light-fragment yields .
Naturally , there have been efforts in parallel to infer population genetic parameters from these datasets .	Here , we compare and analyze four recent approaches based on the Wright-Fisher model for inferring selection coefficients ( s ) given effective population size ( Ne ) , with simulated temporal datasets .
We include in the model the negative feedback on galaxy formation from the photoionizing background .	Photoionization inhibits galaxy formation in low-mass dark matter halos in two ways : ( i ) heating of the IGM and inhibition of the collapse of gas into dark halos by the IGM pressure , and ( ii ) reduction in the radiative cooling of gas within halos .
Current methods for frequent episode discovery are typically multipass algorithms , making them unsuitable in the streaming context .	In this paper , we propose a new streaming algorithm for discovering frequent episodes over a window of recent events in the stream .
The expressions similar to the form factor representation are obtained both for the ferromagnetic and paramagnetic regions of coupling constant .	The peculiarities caused by the finite size of the system are discussed .
This paper studies the network throughput and transport delay of a multihop wireless random access network based on a Markov renewal model of packet transportation .	We show that the distribution of the source-to-destination ( SD ) distance plays a critical role in characterizing network performance .
We report chemical abundances of Na , Al , Zr , La , Nd , and Eu for 39 red giant branch ( RGB ) stars and 23 potential inner disk red clump stars located in Plaut-s low extinction window .	We also measure lithium for a super Li-rich RGB star .
We show that the ultimate goal of this technique is to characterize the mapping between the space of photometric observables and redshift space as this characterization then allows us to infer the clustering-redshift p.d.f .	of a single galaxy .
A solid-state organic thin-film laser with intracavity frequency doubling is reported .	Tunable ultraviolet emission from 309 to 322 nm is achieved from a vertical external cavity surface-emitting organic laser , with 2 % efficiency ( 1 $ \mu $ J at 315 nm ) .
This confirms the validity of the hierarchical clustering assumption on the dynamic range examined , corresponding to $ 0.5 \hmpc - 50 \hmpc $ in three dimensional space .	The Kirkwood superposition with loop terms is strongly rejected .
The RoboCup 2D Simulation League incorporates several challenging features , setting a benchmark for Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) .	In this paper we describe some of the ideas and tools around the development of our team , Gliders2012 .
We reconsider models where the dark matter couples to dark photon , which has a weak kinetic mixing to the Standard Model photon , or scalars with a weak mixing with the Higgs boson .	We focus on the light ( $ \lesssim 1.5 GeV $ ) dark mediator mass regime .
An integrated simulation approach fully based upon particle-in-cell ( PIC ) model is proposed , which involves both fast particle generation via laser solid-density plasma interaction and transport and energy deposition of the particles in extremely high density plasma .	It is realized by introducing two independent systems in a simulation , where the fast particle generation is simulated by a full PIC system and the transport and energy deposition computed by a second PIC system with a reduced field solver .
We analyse the role played by many-body effective interactions by comparing the structural data to those obtained by applying exclusively the previously obtained two-body effective interactions between the dendrimers [ G { \ '' o } tze I O , Harreis H M and Likos C N 2004 { \it J . Chem.Phys . }	{ \bf 120 } 7761 ] .
It is further shown that the initial condition can be extended to a periodic solution of the delay-differential system if an appropriate choice of its parameters is made .	As a result , any finite set of trajectories of a nonlinear dynamical system can be modeled with arbitrarily small error via a set of periodic solutions of a linear delay-differential equation .
Because LM integrates both classical and linear logic , LM tends to be more expressive than other logic programming languages .	LM programs are naturally concurrent because facts are partitioned by nodes of a graph data structure .
The nonstrange baryonia B/bar B are contructed without the mixing of the quarks and antiquarks .	The relativistic six-quark amplitudes of the baryonia are calculed .
In contrast with the bare tapered metal tip in conventional side-illumination TES , the corrugated probe not only enhances strongly local excitation field but also concentrates the emission directivity , which leads to high collection efficiency and signal-to-noise ratio .	In particular , we propose an asymmetric TES tip based on two coupling nanorods with different length at the apex to realize unidirectional enhanced emission rate from a single emitter .
The analysis is aimed at understanding the structure of similar problems with global restrictions , and estimating their difficulty .	The methods developed are of a general nature and can be of use in other problems with a similar structure .
First , a class of achievable rates per unit cost ( ARPUC ) is derived , and its utility is demonstrated through several representative case studies .	Second , when the uncertainty set of channel transition statistics satisfies a convexity property , optimization is performed over the class of ARPUC through utilizing results of minimax robustness .
Equal-arm interferometric detectors of gravitational radiation allow phase measurements many orders of magnitude below the intrinsic phase stability of the laser injecting light into their arms .	This is because the noise in the laser light is common to both arms , experiencing exactly the same delay , and thus cancels when it is differenced at the photo detector .
If the detuning exists , the Rabi oscillations may show the behavior of collapses and revivals ; however , if the detuning is zero , such a behavior will not appear .	We investigate the weighted frequency distribution of the time evolution of the central spin inversion and give this phenomenon of collapses and revivals a reasonable explanation .
If the Wilson lines `` turn on '' at different scales , there is an intermediate regime with either a left-right or a Pati-Salam type model .	We compute their spectra directly from string theory , and adjust the associated mass parameter so that all gauge parameters exactly unify .
The lattice action constructed by a block-spin transformation is invariant under the symmetry .	$ U ( 1 ) _R $ symmetry on the lattice is also realized as one of exact symmetries .
The basic idea of the LQC applies to every spatially homogeneous cosmological model , however only the spatially flat ( so called $ k=0 $ ) case has been understood in detail in the literature thus far .	In the closed ( so called : k=1 ) case certain technical difficulties have been the obstacle that stopped the development .
Using the data taken at the Pierre Auger Observatory between December 2004 and December 2012 , we have examined the implications of the distributions of depths of atmospheric shower maximum ( Xmax ) , using a hybrid technique , for composition and hadronic interaction models .	We do this by fitting the distributions with predictions from a variety of hadronic interaction models for variations in the composition of the primary cosmic rays and examining the quality of the fit .
For two neutrons and two protons or two neutron holes and two proton holes in a single j-shell , the state |phi & gt ; with isospin and seniority zero and the lowest angular momentum zero state |chi & gt ; produced by an attractive interaction of quasinucleon pairs with angular momentum 2j have a large overlap for all relevant j and large contents of quasinucleon pairs with angular momenta 2j and 0 , respectively .	In the 1f7/2 and 1g9/2 shells , the large negative matrix elements of the effective interaction in these two channels relative to most of the rest therefore_cooperate_ to produce a ground state which is essentially a linear combination of |phi & gt ; and |chi & gt ; with comparable coefficients .
In an attempt to disprove it , in [ K.-C. Ha and S.-H. Kye , Separable states with unique decompositions , arXiv:1210.1088v3 ] , Ha and Kye proposed a decomposable entanglement witness whose SPA is entangled and argued that it is optimal .	In this note , which is based on a comment to the latter work [ R. Augusiak et al. , Comment on `` Separable states with unique decompositions '' , arXiv:1304.2040v1 ] , we show , both analytically and numerically , that this entanglement witness is not optimal , and as such it is not a counterexample to the conjecture .
The general conditions required for warm inflation to take place are derived and discussed .	A comprehensive approach is presented for the generation of thermally induced adiabatic and isocurvature perturbations and the amplitude of their spectra calculated .
Since inflaton or curvaton energy density creates all matter , it is important to understand the process of reheating and preheating into the relevant degrees of freedom required for the success of Big Bang Nucleosynthesis .	We discuss two distinct classes of models , one where inflaton and curvaton belong to the hidden sector , which are coupled to the Standard Model gauge sector very weakly .
We develop a new approach to Skorokhod embedding based on ideas and concepts from optimal mass transport .	In analogy to the celebrated article of Gangbo and McCann on the geometry of optimal transport , we establish a geometric characterization of Skorokhod embeddings with desired optimality properties .
However , we see an even wider scope and therefore promote a broader vision of this data-driven revolution in astronomical research .	For astronomy to effectively cope with and reap the maximum scientific return from existing and future large sky surveys , facilities , and data-producing projects , we need our own information science specialists .
All of the fainter X-ray sources in the core region have near-IR counterparts , but JHK photometry provides little evidence for near-IR excesses .	These core sources have typical mean photon energies of 2 keV and about one-third are variable .
Here , a microscopic description of water structure and dynamics based on configuration-space-networks and molecular dynamics simulations of the TIP4P/2005 model is applied to investigate the free-energy landscape of water .	The latter is built on top of a large set of water microstates describing the kinetic stability of local hydrogen-bond arrangements up to the second solvation shell .
In order to simulate the structural change correctly , we introduce a system size optimization technique by which emergence of artificial intermediate structures are suppressed .	When a shear flow in [ 111 ] direction of the gyroid unit cell is imposed , a nucleation and growth of the cylinder domains is observed .
Crayfish employ their anterior fan organs to produce a variety of flow patterns .	Here we study the flow generated by Procambarus clarkii in response to odour stimulation .
The frequencies of these modes depend on the black-hole spin and on the properties of the flow , and scale linearly with the inverse of the black-hole mass .	Our results may be relevant for explaining the detection of QPOs in Sagittarius A* , once such detection is confirmed by further observations .
We solve the equation in the semiclassical approximation by using the correspondence principle and find that the solutions are minimal uncertainty wavefunctions with a continuous spectrum for the entropy and therefore also of the area of the black hole horizon .	The fact that the opening angle fluctuates away from its classical value of 2 pi indicates that the quantum black hole is a superposition of horizonless states .
We also consider results from matched filter starspot tracking techniques , where individual starspot rotation rates are determined .	In addition we have re-analysed published results and present a new measurement for the K3 dwarf , Speedy Mic .
We examine the behavior of a Non Gaussian state like NOON state under phase insensitive amplification .	We derive analytical result for the density matrix of the NOON state for arbitrary gain of the amplifier .
For $ \gamma=-1 $ the problem is reduced to the system of two equations , related to a special case of the Chaplygin gas .	In the 1D case this system can be written in the Riemann invariant and can be treated in a standard way .
Among the three experiments with Au-Au , Au-Ni and Ni-Ni boundary surfaces performed by means of dynamic atomic force microscope , major improving is achieved for the experiment with Au-Au test bodies .	Here , the constraints obtained are stronger up to a factor of 170 , as compared to the previously known ones .
We develop cooperation methods based on Raptor codes with the assumption that the channels face erasure with specific erasure probabilities and transmitters have no channel state information .	A fully coded cooperation ( FCC ) and a partially coded cooperation ( PCC ) strategy are developed to maximize the average system throughput .
These uncertainties are related to our poor knowledge of some physical procceses occurring in the real stars such as , for instance , some thermodynamical processes , nuclear reaction rates , as well as the efficiency of mixing processes .	These drawbacks of stellar models have to be properly taken into account when comparing theory with observations in order to derive relevant information about the properties of both resolved and unresolved stellar populations .
Complementary metal oxide semiconductor technology ( CMOS ) has been faced critical challenges in nano-scale regime .	CNTFET ( Carbon Nanotube Field effect transistor ) technology is a promising alternative for CMOS technology .
Additionally , direct assessment of the microbunching factors related to HGHG by measurement of the COTR intensity and harmonic content after the chicane as a function of seed laser power and beam parameters will be done .	These experiments will be performed using the ASTA 3-MHz-rate micropulse train for up to 1ms which is unique to test facilities in the USA .
The fits of a range of models to the infrared spectrum suggests that it is predominantly an old ( & gt ; 10^9 yrs ) stellar system that suffers little extinction , while the measurerd R and I magnitudes suggests an age of ~ 3 x 10^8 years .	The limit on the equivalent width of any emission line in the infrared spectrum argues that CL 0939+4713 B is not an actively star forming galaxy .
Especially , evaluating queries over the encrypted data stored on the cloud without the entity performing any computation and without ever decrypting the data become a very challenging problem .	In this paper , we propose solutions to conduct range queries over outsourced encrypted data .
This shows that under very broad conditions , during its evolution a dissipative system tends to minimize its energy dissipation in such a way to keep constant the Hamiltonian time rate , equal to the difference between the flux-based and the force-based Rayleigh dissipation functions .	At steady state , the Hamiltonian time rate is maximized , leading to a minimum resistance principle .
Using the most recent B-factory measurements , we find a negative shift of the extracted value of beta , which softens the tension in the fits of the unitarity triangle .	In addition , this strategy can be used to constrain a possible new-physics phase in B^0-\bar B^0 mixing .
The Hamiltonian approach to General Relativity is developed similarly to the Wheeler-DeWitt Hamiltonian cosmology , where the cosmological scale factor is treated as a time-like dynamic variable and its canonical momentum is considered as an evolution generator in the field space of events with the postulate about a physical vacuum as a state with the minimal eigenvalue of this generator .	The cosmological scale factor is extracted from the Hamiltonian General Relativity without double counting of the spatial metric determinant in contrast to the standard cosmological perturbation theory .
Given existing empirical spectral patterns of excited hadrons it has been suggested that chiral symmetry is approximately restored in excited hadrons at zero temperature/density ( effective symmetry restoration ) .	If correct , this implies that mass generation mechanisms and physics in excited hadrons is very different as compared to the lowest states .
To formulate this phenomenon , we combine the correlation function with fluid dynamics .	Applying the Kramers-Kronig relation to the generalized Poiseuille 's formula for capillary flow , we perform a perturbation calculation of the reciprocal $ 1/\eta $ with respect to the particle interaction , and examine how the growth of coherent wave functions gradually decreases shear viscosity .
We explore how the threshold velocities for fragmentation vary with these parameters .	Crucially , we find that the porosity plays a part of utmost importance in determining the outcome of collisions .
The flare is composed of two distinctive loop systems observed in EUV images .	The UV 1600 \AA emission at the feet of these loops exhibits a rapid rise , followed by enhanced emission in different EUV channels observed by AIA and EIS .
In the framed case they are slices in the affine Grassmannian and their generalization .	In the appendix , written jointly with Joel Kamnitzer , Ryosuke Kodera , Ben Webster , and Alex Weekes , we identify the quantized Coulomb branch with the truncated shifted Yangian .
A dynamical model is presented for chiral change in DNA molecules .	The model is an extension of the conventional elastic model which incorporates the structure of base pairs and uses a spinor representation for the DNA configuration together with a gauge principle .
There is a high temperature regime with density and energy as the only two conserved fields .	Their correlations have zero velocity and spread diffusively .
It is now considered to be a fundamental principle of nature , stating that different forms of these potentials yield the same physical description : they describe the same electromagnetic field as long as they are related to each other by gauge transformations .	Gauge invariance can also be included into the quantum description of matter interacting with an electromagnetic field by assuming that the wave function transforms under a given local unitary transformation .
The double-beta decay Q values of 130Te , 128Te , and 120Te have been determined from parent-daughter mass differences measured with the Canadian Penning Trap mass spectrometer .	The 132Xe-129Xe mass difference , which is precisely known , was also determined to confirm the accuracy of these results .
A simple model of a ( bi- ) cone of gas photoionized and photoexcited by a nuclear power-law continuum is sufficient to explain the soft X-ray spectra of all Seyfert 2 galaxies so far observed by the XMM-Newton and Chandra satellites .	An upper limit of around 10 percent to an additional hot , collisionally-driven gas contribution to the soft X-ray regime appears to hold for five different Seyfert 2 galaxies , placing interesting constraints on circumnuclear star formation .
Within baseball analytics , there is substantial interest in comprehensive statistics intended to capture overall player performance .	One such measure is Wins Above Replacement ( WAR ) , which aggregates the contributions of a player in each facet of the game : hitting , pitching , baserunning , and fielding .
We compare these quantum statistical properties for the cavities coupled with either single or two-photon exchange .	Solving the quantum optical master equation of the system numerically in the steady state , we calculate the zero-time delay second-order correlation function for the coherence , genuine two-mode entanglement parameter , and an optimal spin squeezing inequality associated with particle entanglement .
For the string meson model the two types of these solutions are obtained .	They describe oscillatory motions in the form of stationary waves in the rotational plane and in the orthogonal direction .
In one-component systems , we find crystallization , a Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless phase , and a structural phase transition , as the temperatures is lowered .	In the lowest temperature range , the crystal is composed of three martensitic variants on a hexagonal lattice , exhibiting the shape memory effect .
The potential for using the unique properties of graphene in terahertz-frequency electronics is particularly exciting ; however , initial experiments probing the terahertz-frequency response of graphene are only just emerging .	Here we show that the photoconductivity of graphene at terahertz frequencies is dramatically altered by the adsorption of atmospheric gases , such as nitrogen and oxygen .
If spatial structure is neglected , this dynamics has attractors that are linearly polarized condensates ( fixed points ) , and desynchronized solutions ( limit cycles ) , with a range of bistability .	Considering spatial fluctuations about the fixed point , the collective spin modes can either be diffusive , linearly dispersing , or gapped .
A constructible module is an $ \mathcal O_ { X_ { K } ^ { \mathrm { an } } } $ -module which is not necessarily coherent , but becomes coherent on a stratification by locally closed subsets of the special fiber $ X_ { k } $ of $ X $ .	The notions of connection , of ( over- ) convergence and of Frobenius structure carry over to this situation .
In particular , we use Wright 's Circle Method in order to prove families of asymptotic inequalities in the spirit of the Alder-Andrews Conjecture .	As a final application , we prove the striking result that the universal mock theta function can be expressed as a conditional probability in a certain natural probability space with an infinite sequence of independent events .
In this work , we study a learning variant of these problems , where the model of the problem is unknown and has to be learned by interacting repeatedly with the environment in the bandit setting .	We formalize our learning problem quite generally , as learning how to maximize an unknown modular function on a known polymatroid .
Bolometric Interferometry ( BI ) is one of the most promising techniques for precise measurements of the Cosmic Microwave Background polarization .	In this paper , we present the results of DIBO ( Demonstrateur d'Interferometrie Bolometrique ) , a single-baseline demonstrator operating at 90 GHz , built to proof the validity of the BI concept applied to a millimeter-wave interferometer .
We will show that , at least in the case of unary exclusion logic , the both of these inclusions are proper .	In a recent work by the author it was shown that k-ary inclusion-exclusion logic is equivalent with k-ary existential second order logic , ESO [ k ] .
Here we propose diagnostics of the gas metallicity based on infrared fine structure emission lines , which are nearly unaffected by dust extinction even the most obscured systems .	Specifically , we focus on fine-structure lines arising mostly from HII regions , not in photo-dissociation regions , to minimize the dependence and uncertainties of the metallicity diagnostics from various physical parameters .
However , we find a trend between metallicity gradients and velocity dispersion ( with a negative slope of -1.616 { \pm } 0.539 ) that is not found for the most massive ellipticals .	Furthermore , we find trends between the metallicity gradients and K-band luminosities ( with a slope of 0.173 { \pm } 0.081 ) as well as the distance from the BCG to the X-ray peak of the host cluster ( with a slope of -7.546 { \pm } 2.752 ) .
More precisely the system reads in a very surprising way as two parabolic equation on the density $ \rho $ and the vorticity $ { \rm curl } v $ , and as a transport equation on the divergence $ { \rm div } v $ .	We show the existence of strong solution with large initial data in finite time when $ ( \rho_0-1 ) \in B^ { \NN } _ { p,1 } $ .
In general , on compact homogeneous Riemannian manifolds , the eigenfunctions of the Laplace-Beltrami operator are not uniformly bounded .	This creates difficulties of a fundamental nature in applications of known methods and results .
On the other hand , for generic values of the couplings the interactions between two vortices depend non-trivially on their relative internal orientations .	We discuss the problem both with a numerical approach ( valid for small deviations from the BPS limit ) and in a semi-analytical way ( valid at large vortex separations ) .
We emphasize some testable implications of our simulations which would verify the presence of a planet via thermal emission of one or more dusty clumps which are in mean motion resonances with the planet .	In particular , our simulations indicate that Vega may have a massive planet of m~2 m_J ( m_J being Jupiter 's mass ) at a distance of 50-60 AU , and Epsilon Eri may have a less massive planet of m~0.2 m_J at a similar distance of 55-65 AU .
Huge improvements with respect to the present precision can be expected , especially for the asymmetries A_LR and A_b where beam polarisation can be exploited .	The very large sample of Z to bbbar events also allows studies of various CP-violating b decays .
There are two kinds of perturbations : odd one and even one .	Using the Painlev\ ' { e } coordinate , we reconsider the odd perturbation and find that : the white-hole-connected universe ( r & gt ; 2m , see text ) is unstable .
Three basic functions are introduced to represents memory access , record-field access and array-element access .	Some axioms are introduced to specify these basic functions in our logic .
In this paper the extended model of Minority game ( MG ) , incorporating variable number of agents and therefore called Grand Canonical , is used for prediction .	We proved that the best MG-based predictor is constituted by a tremendously degenerated system , when only one agent is involved .
The inter-plane Coulomb repulsion and non-zero voltage stabilize an exciton order parameter .	The exciton order parameter coexists with the antiferromagnetism and can be as large as several tens of meV for realistic values of the bias voltage and interaction constants .
The model atmosphere programs FASTWIND and CMFGEN are both elegantly designed to perform non-LTE analyses of the spectra of hot massive stars , and include sphericity and mass-loss .	The two codes differ primarily in their approach towards line blanketing , with CMFGEN treating all of the lines in the co-moving frame and FASTWIND taking an approximate approach which speeds up execution times considerably .
To allow the application of non-asymptotic error bounds in practice , here we state bounds formulated in terms of the spectral properties of the chain and the properties of $ f $ and propose estimators of the parameters appearing in the bounds , including the spectral gap , mixing time , and asymptotic variance .	We introduce a method for setting the burn-in time and the initial distribution that is theoretically well-founded and yet is relatively simple to apply .
The parameters of the systems and forcing are chosen to guarantee autoresonance ( AR ) with gradually increasing energy in the nonlinear actuator .	As this paper demonstrates , forcing with constant frequency generates oscillations with growing energy in the linear chain but in the system excited by forcing with slowly time-dependent frequency energy remains localized on the nonlinear actuator whilst the response of the linear chain is bounded .
We reassess the problem of the production and evolution of the light elements Li , Be and B and of their isotopes in the Milky Way , in the light of new observational and theoretical developments .	The main novelty is the introduction of a new scheme for the origin of Galactic cosmic rays ( GCR ) , which for the first time enables a self-consistent calculation of their composition during galactic evolution .
These resonances arise due to strong hyperfine interactions between the unpaired electron and the nuclear magnetic moment of the alkali metal atoms .	A major thrust of current research is to create an ultracold gas of diatomic alkali-metal molecules in the ground rovibrational state of the ground electronic $ ^1\Sigma $ state .
The energy conversion efficiency from pump pulse to VUV pulse reaches to 30 % .	This generation can be realized in kagome-lattice hollow-core PCF filled with noble gas of high pressure with core-diameter less than 40 micrometers which would enable technically simple or highly efficient coupling to fundamental mode of the fiber .
We present high-resolution observations of several molecular lines in OH231.8+4.2 taken with the IRAM interferometer .	All molecules are distributed in a narrow region along the symmetry axis , and flow outwards following a velocity gradient similar to that found in CO .
This and almost all other list update algorithms , like MTF , are projective in the sense that they can be defined by looking only at any pair of list items at a time .	Projectivity ( also known as `` list factoring '' ) simplifies both the description of the algorithm and its analysis , and so far seems to be the only way to define a good online algorithm for lists of arbitrary length .
We present a dynamical analysis of 673 galactic Planetary Nebulae , using a two-integral axisymmetric model with a Kuzmin-Kutuzov St\ '' { a } ckel potential .	The method fits the kinematics to the projected moments of a distribution function , by means of Quadratic Programming .
In order to formulate the most effective experimentally feasible protocol , we introduce the notion of average sense locally optimal ( ASLO ) feedback protocols , which do not require real-time quantum state estimation , a difficult component of real-time quantum feedback control .	We use this notion of optimality to construct two protocols which can deterministically create maximal entanglement : a semiclassical feedback protocol for low efficiency measurements and a quantum feedback protocol for high efficiency measurements .
In this work , we define a minimal presentation of L which is minimal with respect to the degree of E among the presentations .	If L=K_X -D +E with degE & gt ; 2 is a minimal , then L is very ample and any q-points of X with q & lt ; degE are embedded in general position but the points of E are not .
In this paper , we aim to point out the mathematics behind this scheme and to answer the following three questions : 1 ) whether the fixed-point iteration algorithm converges or not ?	2 ) when it converges , whether the fixed point solution is same as the original solution obtained with the complete DDC matrix ?
What the no-hair theorems show is that a large amount of information is lost when a body collapses to form a black hole .	In addition , the no-hair theorem has not been proved for the Yang-Mills field .
The frequency dependence of the AC magnetic susceptibility is indicative of critical slowing down at a freezing temperature $ T_ { f } $ ( $ = 30.6 \pm 1.6 $ K ) .	The relaxation time $ \tau $ is described by a power law form with a dynamic critical exponent $ x $ ( $ = 8.2 \pm 1.0 $ ) and a microscopic relaxation time $ \tau_ { 0 } $ [ $ = ( 1.33 \pm 0.05 ) \times 10^ { -9 } $ sec ] .
It is assumed that the medium is located in a container with heat conductive walls that are not subjected to phase changes .	Therefore , the temperature variable is defined both in the medium and wall regions , whereas the phase variable is only considered in the medium part .
We study , in particular , the system of a finite-mass test particle inside a spherical shell .	In both GR and MOND , we find non-vanishing acceleration for that test particle .
Skype is a peer-to-peer VoIP client developed by KaZaa in 2003 .	Skype claims that it can work almost seamlessly across NATs and firewalls and has better voice quality than the MSN and Yahoo IM applications .
Recent detection of high-redshift , massive clusters through Sunyaev-Zel'dovich observations has opened up a new way to test cosmological models .	It is known that detection of a single supermassive cluster at a very high redshift can rule out many cosmological models all together .
Insisting on a background independent renormalization group ( RG ) flow the coarse graining operation must be defined in terms of an unspecified variable metric since no rigid metric of a fixed background spacetime is available .	This leads to an extra field dependence in the functional RG equation and a significantly different RG flow in comparison to the standard flow equation with a rigid metric in the mode cutoff .
We present in this paper a forward zone-based algorithm to compute the state space of a bounded Time Petri Net : the method is different and more efficient than the classical State Class Graph .	We prove the algorithm to be exact with respect to the reachability problem .
As a consequence of the classification of the finite simple groups , it has been possible in recent years to characterize Steiner t-designs , that is t- ( v , k,1 ) designs , mainly for t = 2 , admitting groups of automorphisms with sufficiently strong symmetry properties .	However , despite the finite simple group classification , for Steiner t-designs with t & gt ; 2 most of these characterizations have remained longstanding challenging problems .
An index labeling inequivalent $ \Gamma $ -structures up to orthogonal conjugations is introduced .	Inequivalent charge-operators in even-dimensions , invariant under Wick rotations , are considered .
We propose the first example of a FF translation-invariant spin-1 chain that has a unique highly entangled ground state and exhibits some signatures of a critical behavior .	The ground state can be viewed as the uniform superposition of balanced strings of left and right parentheses separated by empty spaces .
The application of this scheme to viable $ F ( R ) $ gravities unifying inflation with dark energy era is proposed .	The additional reconstruction of such models leads to non-leading gravitational correction mainly relevant at the early/late universe and helping to pass the cosmological bounds ( if necessary ) .
We will show , with several examples , that the local solution method is an effective and flexible method .	In particular , with the local solution method , we will give a unified proof of three of the classical formulas , namely Jacod 's formula , the progressive enlargement formula and the enlargement formula with honest time .
The Hamiltonian of such a model is a long-range deformation of nearest-neighbor type interactions .	Here , we study the most general long-range integrable spin chain with spins transforming in the fundamental representation of gl ( n ) .
In Kohn-Sham density functional theory ( KS-DFT ) a fictitious system of non-interacting particles is constructed having the same ground-state ( GS ) density as the physical system of interest .	A fundamental open question in DFT concerns the ability of an exact KS calculation to spot and characterize the GS degeneracies in the physical system .
Our sample includes the 834 AGN ( 728 non-blazar , average redshift $ z\simeq 0.055 $ ) reported in the 70-months catalog of the all-sky hard X-ray Swift/BAT survey .	We find 55 CT AGN , which represent $ 7.6^ { +1.1 } _ { -2.1 } \ % $ of our non-blazar sample .
We have studied the field-induced dimensional crossover in the fluctuation magnetization of three single crystals of $ YBa_2Cu_3O_ { 7-x } $ , with superconducting transition temperatures , $ T_c $ = 62.5 , 52 , and 41 K. The dimensional crossover is observed by studying the diamagnetic vortex fluctuations of the lowest-Landau-level type which occur in isochamps magnetization curves , $ MvsT $ , for temperatures close to the transition temperature $ T_ { c } ( H ) $ .	The study was accomplished by obtaining isochamps magnetization curves as a function of temperature for fields in the range of 0.4 T to 5 T. Magnetization curves for each sample when plotted together show two distinct well resolved crossing points , one formed by low field curves and located at a higher temperature than the other formed by high field curves .
We study the effects of light-cone fluctuations on the renormalized zero-point energy associated with a free massless scalar field in the presence of boundaries .	In order to simulate light-cone fluctuations we introduce a space-time dependent random coefficient in the Klein-Gordon operator .
The Hopf algebraic structure of $ u_ { qp } ( 2 ) $ is also discussed .	The basic ingredients for the representation theory of $ u_ { qp } ( 2 ) $ are given .
We report a method for describing plasticity in a broad class of amorphous materials .	The method is based on nonlinear ( geometric ) deformation theory allowing the separation of the plastic deformation from the general deformation tensor .
Despite the significant effect that demographics plays , most scientific studies using online social media do not consider this factor , mainly due to the lack of such information .	In this work , we use state-of-the-art face analysis software to infer gender , age , and race from profile images of 350K Twitter users from New York .
The usual theory can be obtained as a contraction , in which our two parameters go to infinity keeping the difference fixed .	The quantum theory is equivalent to a generalized Thirring model , with left and right handed fermions transforming under different representations of the symmetry group .
This process is found to be highly efficient and to exhibit improved stability at high acoustic powers when compared to direct optical pumping at the position of the quantum post .	These characteristics are attributed to the wide matrix quantum well in which charge conveyance occurs and to the larger number of carriers available for injection in the remote configuration , respectively .
But he reaches and sticks with an incorrect answer that violates common sense .	We argue that his lack of mathematical sense-making-specifically , translating and reconciling between mathematical and everyday/common-sense reasoning-stems in part from his epistemological views , i.e. , his views about the nature of knowledge and learning .
Attention focuses on how the relative abundance of these different orbit types and the transition rate between sticky and wildly chaotic orbits depends on amplitude m_0 , and on the extent to which these quantities can be altered by weak friction and/or noise and by pseudo-random variations in the driving frequency , idealized as an Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process with ( in general ) nonzero autocorrelation time t_c .	When , in the absence of perturbations , there exist large measures of both regular and chaotic orbits , the primary effect of weak noise is to increase the relative measure of chaotic orbits .
Each of the simulations contains thousands of voids .	The distribution of void sizes in the different simulations shows good agreement .
In this article we therefore propose an explicit and easily implementable numerical method for such an SDE and show that this method converges strongly with the standard order one-half to the exact solution of the SDE .	Simulations reveal that this explicit strongly convergent numerical scheme is considerably faster than the implicit Euler scheme .
We provide a systematic analysis of the viable parameter space for the DM fields , which are triplet of the flavour group , considering several DM-quark interactions .	In this framework , we analyse in which cases the viable parameter space differs from Higgs portal models thanks to the underlying flavour structure .
Also , solubility or being FC is a property which can be recovered from configuration sets .	Then we investigated some condition on configuration pairs , that implies isomorphism .
The statistics of the ground-state and domain-wall energies for the two-dimensional random-bond Ising model on square lattices with independent , identically distributed bonds of probability $ p $ of $ J_ { ij } = -1 $ and $ ( 1-p ) $ of $ J_ { ij } = +1 $ are studied .	We are able to consider large samples of up to $ 320^2 $ spins by using sophisticated matching algorithms .
The hot component consists of massive neutrinos with cosmological density $ \Omega_H $ .	The linearized Einstein-Boltzmann equations for the evolution of the metric and density perturbations are integrated for a set of values of the cosmological parameters .
Given a sequence of observations from a discrete-time , finite-state hidden Markov model , we would like to estimate the sampling distribution of a statistic .	The bootstrap method is employed to approximate the confidence regions of a multi-dimensional parameter .
We could measure the rotation periods P = 0.2396d of the hotter F5V component HIP10680 and P = 0.777d of the cooler G5V component HIP10679 .	We found that the rotation axes of both components are aligned with an inclination $ i $ = $ \sim $ 10 $ ^ { \circ } $ .
Binary clusters account for more than 10 % of the cluster population in the Magellanic Clouds .	Statistically fewer than 50 % of the found pairs are expected to be chance superpositions .
To address this problem , we have developed an uncertainty-aware visual analytics approach to retrieve salient posts , users , and hashtags .	We extend an existing ranking technique to compute a multifaceted retrieval result : the mutual reinforcement rank of a graph node , the uncertainty of each rank , and the propagation of uncertainty among different graph nodes .
One major function of social networks ( e.g. , massive online social networks ) is the dissemination of information such as scientific knowledge , news , and rumors .	Information can be propagated by the users of the network via natural connections in written , oral or electronic form .
Two classical theorems in matrix theory , due to Schur and Horn , relate the eigenvalues of a self-adjoint matrix to the diagonal entries .	These have recently been given a formulation in the setting of operator algebras as the Schur-Horn problem , where matrix algebras and diagonals are replaced respectively by finite factors and maximal abelian self-adjoint subalgebras ( masas ) .
We derive a more accurate J = 15.86 +- 0.21 , H = 14.95 +- 0.13 , Ks = 14.32 +- 0.09 mag for { \kappa } And b .	We redetect the companion in all our high contrast observations .
There is also much interest in the possibility of constraining the initial conditions from inflation and the nature of the dark matter and dark energy by probing the power-spectrum of density perturbations in three dimensions and on smaller scales than probed by the microwave background anisotropies .	Theoretical understanding of the 21 cm signal has been fragmented into different regimes of physical interest .
We find significant numbers of galaxies that have stellar masses exceeding 10^8 Mo during this epoch , with metallicities exceeding one-thirtieth solar .	Far from primeval `` first-star '' objects , these objects are likely to have reionized their infall regions prior to z=9 , are dominated by atomic rather than molecular cooling , and are not expected to be forming Population III stars .
The results of employing the generalized non-correlated mean-field ( Hartree-Fock ) approximation and generalized slave-boson approach by Kotliar and Ruckenstein with correlation effects included are compared .	We take into account commensurate ferromagnetic , antiferromagnetic , and incommensurate ( spiral ) magnetic phases , as well as phase separation into magnetic phases of different types , which was often lacking in previous investigations .
DIBs were detected in only one of the seven DLAs , that which has the highest reddening and metallicity .	Based upon the Galactic DIB-N ( HI ) relation , the 6284 DIB equivalent width upper limits in four of the seven DLAs are a factor of 4-10 times below the 6284 DIB equivalent widths observed in the Milky Way , but are not inconsistent with those present in the Magellanic Clouds .
Everything you see on the display in a java application is a component .	The ability to let users drag a component from the Interface and drop into your application is almost a requirement of a modern , commercial user interface .
It has been speculated that low luminosity radio-loud AGN have the potential to serve as an important source of AGN feedback , and may be responsible for suppressing star-formation activity in massive elliptical galaxies at late times .	As such the cosmic evolution of these sources is vitally important to understanding the significance of such AGN feedback processes and their influence on the global star-formation history of the universe .
Yet , network links usually represent only parts of filaments , which , when neglected , may lead to erroneous conclusions from network-based analyses .	The existing alternatives to detect filaments in network representations require tuning of parameters over a large range of values and treat all filaments equally , thus , precluding automated analysis of diverse filamentous systems .
The interaction potential consists of strong on-site repulsion and nearest-neighbor attraction .	Exact pairing conditions are derived for s- , p- , and d-symmetric bound states .
In Na $ _ { 1.1-x } $ Ca $ _x $ Co $ _2 $ O $ _4 $ , the resistivity and the thermopower increase with $ x $ , and the Ca $ ^ { 2+ } $ substitution for Na $ ^+ $ reduces the majority carriers in NaCo $ _2 $ O $ _4 $ .	This means that they are holes , which is consistent with the positive sign of the thermopower .
Based on the spectroscopic data we determine the quantum defects of 87Rb , and compare it with previous measurements on 85Rb .	We determine the ionization frequency from the 5S1/2 ( F=1 ) ground state of 87Rb to 1010.0291646 ( 3 ) THz , providing the binding energy of the ground state with an accuracy improved by two orders of magnitude .
In this paper , we propose a crowdsourcing system to build a hierarchy and furthermore capture the underlying uncertainty .	Our system maintains a distribution over possible hierarchies and actively selects questions to ask using an information gain criterion .
The present work seeks to illuminate mechanisms leading to symmetry-breaking and limit cycle behavior that are fundamental to these combustion modes .	Specifically , four cases of lean premixed methane/air combustion -- two equivalence ratios ( 0.53 and 0.7 ) and two channel widths ( 2 and 5mm ) -- are investigated in a 2D configuration with constant channel length and bulk inlet velocity , where numerical simulations are performed using detailed chemistry .
If computations were carried out with exact arithmetic then it would be easy to ensure such reversibility , but the use of approximate floating point arithmetic inevitably introduces violations of reversibility .	In the absence of evidence to the contrary , we are usually prepared to accept that such rounding errors can be made small enough to be innocuous , but in certain circumstances they are exponentially amplified and lead to blatantly erroneous results .
The presence of several sources with different Gamma_jet will lead to superposition of several such peaks .	Additionally , diffusive particle acceleration should produce a powerlaw whose low energy cutoff at or above Gamma_jet^2 m c^2 would be visible as another spectral feature .
The spatial mismatch between initial and final center-of-mass wavefunctions of the condensate influences significantly the two-photon optical dipole transition between corresponding states .	We show that the transition rate depends on the handedness of the optical orbital angular momentum leading to optical manipulation of matter-wave vortices and circular dichroism-like effect .
We find significant degrees of linear polarization for observers located at viewing angles theta_v \gtrsim theta_j .	In particular , the polarization degree of emission from narrow jets ( theta_j \approx 1/Gamma_0 ) with steep Lorentz factor gradients ( p \gtrsim 4 ) reaches \sim 40 % .
We define $ \psi_ { \mathbb { K } ^d } ( m ) $ as the minimum number $ n $ for which there exist $ m $ directions $ s_1 , ... , s_m $ ( pairwise linearly independent and spanning $ \mathbb { R } ^d $ ) such that two $ n $ -point sets in $ \mathbb { K } ^d $ exist that have the same X-rays in these directions .	The bound $ \psi_ { \mathbb { Z } ^d } ( m ) \leq 2^ { m-1 } $ has been observed many times in the literature .
We have also used similar data for the Coma cluster as a present day bench-mark with which to compare our data at higher redshift .	The data span the range where strong evolution is claimed in the proportion of S0 galaxies within rich clusters .
Using our new post-Newtonian ( PN ) smoothed particle hydrodynamics ( SPH ) code , we have studied numerically the mergers of neutron star binaries with irrotational initial configurations .	Here we describe a new method for constructing numerically accurate initial conditions for irrotational binary systems with circular orbits in PN gravity .
With increasing the flow , the enhancement of 1137cm $ ^ { -1 } $ peak was observed from fourier transform infrared spectroscopy ( FTIR ) spectra .	This peak is considered to be originated from a highly disordered surface structure of SiO $ _ { 2 } $ shell which was enhanced with increasing the flow .
Stereoscopic arrays of Imaging Atmospheric Cherenkov Telescopes allow to reconstruct gamma-ray-induced showers in 3 dimensions , which offers several advantages : direct access to the shower parameters in space and straightforward calorimetric measurement of the incident energy .	In addition , correlations between the different images of the same shower are taken into account .
Hawking evaporation of Dirac particles and scalar fields in a Vaidya-type black hole is investigated by the method of generalized tortoise coordinate transformation .	It is shown that Hawking radiation of Dirac particles does not exist for $ P_1 , Q_2 $ components but for $ P_2 , Q_1 $ components in any Vaidya-type black holes .
Their band gap is dependent on electron correlations as well as the spin-orbit coupling , and even vanishes with showing the massless Dirac dispersion at the transition to a trivial charge ordered insulator .	Our results suggest a new route to realize and control topological states of quantum matter by the interplay between the spin-orbit coupling and electron correlations .
As an example , the force between two parallel slabs of finite thickness is calculated , showing the importance of the environmental temperature as well as the occurrence of a repulsive interaction .	An analytic expression is also provided for the force acting on an atom in front of a slab .
Assuming one single emission mechanism dominates in the whole energy range , we show that this spectrum is consistent with synchrotron origin by shock-accelerated electrons .	The simple electron inverse-Compton model and the hadronic model are found to be less viable .
In this paper we present an investigation into the nature of the dusty Wolf-Rayet star and candidate binary W239 .	We determined an orbital period of only 5.05 days - making it one of the most compact WC binaries yet identified - while we interpret a significant near-IR flare between 2004-6 as evidence for a third massive stellar component in the system in a wide eccentric orbit .
This latter will be shown to be proportional to the volume of space over which the refractive index changes , as Schwinger predicted .	After this preliminary check we shall deal with the physical constraints that any viable dynamical model for SL has to satisfy in order to fit the experimental data .
For m distinct numbers a , b , c , d , ... , \upsilon , x this paper evaluates \ [ \frac { a^n } { ( a-b ) ( a-c ) ( a-d ) ... ( a-x ) } +\frac { b^n } { ( b-a ) ( b-c ) ( b-d ) ... ( b-x ) } + ... +\frac { x^n } { ( x-a ) ( x-b ) ( x-c ) ... ( x-\upsilon ) } .	\ ] When $ n \leq m-2 $ , the sum is 0 , which Euler had already shown in sect .
SMMJ02399-0136 at z=2.81 shows a superposition of PAH emission features and a mid-infrared continuum , indicating significant and roughly equal contributions to its bolometric luminosity from star formation and from a Compton-thick AGN .	We derive a new redshift of z=2.80 for MMJ154127+6616 from the IRS spectrum and find this object is dominated by starburst PAH emission .
The results pertain to three different aspects of the theory .	First , we show that $ G $ -- Frobenius algebras arising in global orbifold cohomology or K-theory are most naturally defined as elements in the braided category of $ \dkg $ -- modules .
These two problems are shown to be equivalent under some generic conditions .	The exact Jacobian SDP relaxation method proposed by Nie is used to solve the resulting polynomial optimization .
Here the random vector y in R^n and the random n*p matrix Z are observed , the n*p matrix X is unknown , N is an n*p random noise matrix , e in R^n is a random noise vector , and \theta* is a vector of unknown parameters to be estimated .	We consider the setting where the dimension p can be much larger than the sample size n and \theta* is sparse .
We study the evolution of galaxies in clusters by the analysis of a sample of about 3000 galaxies , members of 59 clusters from the ESO Nearby Abell Cluster Survey ( ENACS ) .	We distinguish four cluster galaxy populations , based on their radial and velocity distributions within the clusters .
A closed system of gravitating particles will coalesce whereas a collection of gas particles will tend to diffuse ; regarding increasing entropy , these two scenarios are identical .	What has been shown previously [ 2 , 3 ] is that gravitational entropy at the initial singularity predicted by Quiescent Cosmology - the Isotropic Past Singularity ( IPS ) - tends to zero .
The Superkamiokande results have boosted atmospheric neutrinos from a calibration tool and a background for doing astronomy , to an opportunity to confirm the evidence for neutrino mass .	Nevertheless , the highlights are mostly on the experimental front with the completion of the first-generation Baikal and AMANDA detectors .
A wave equation , that governs finite amplitude acoustic disturbances in a thermoviscous Newtonian fluid , and includes nonlinear terms up to second order , is proposed .	In contrast to the model known as the Kuznetsov equation , the proposed nonlinear wave equation preserves the Hamiltonian structure of the fundamental fluid dynamical equations in the non-dissipative limit .
On the embedded surface freely falling particles move on the shortest path .	Thus one can visualize how acceleration in a gravitational field is explained by particles moving freely in a curved spacetime .
For several rank minimization problems , such a replacement has been theoretically proven to be valid , i.e. , the solution to nuclear norm minimization problem is also the solution to rank minimization problem .	Although it is easy to believe that such a replacement may not always be valid , no concrete example has ever been found .
The features in the temperature behavior of elastic characteristics of the neodymium ferroborate and its behavior in the external magnetic field , applied in the basic plane of the crystal , permit us to suppose that the transition to an incommensurate spiral phase is realized in the system .	This phase transition behaves as the first order one .
In particular , we analyze the two fold lens systems PG1115+080 and B1555+375 , for which there are not yet satisfactory models which explain the observed anomalous flux ratios .	We add to a smooth lens model , which reproduces well the positions of the images but not the anomalous fluxes , one or two substructures described as singular isothermal spheres .
We present the first Keck/OSIRIS infrared IFU observations of a high redshift damped Lyman-alpha ( DLA ) galaxy detected in the line of sight to a background quasar .	By utilizing the Laser Guide Star Adaptive Optics ( LGSAO ) to reduce the quasar PSF to FWHM~0.15 arcsec , we were able to search for and map the foreground DLA emission free from the quasar contamination .
Very long baseline interferometry ( VLBI ) monitoring of the 6.7 GHz methanol maser allows us to measure the internal proper motions of the maser spots and therefore study the gas motion around high-mass young stellar objects .	To this end , we have begun monitoring observations with the East-Asian VLBI Network .
The result gives in particular all finite dimensional rank 3 Nichols algebras of diagonal type over a field of characteristic zero .	Key Words : Weyl groupoid , Hopf algebra , Nichols algebra
Under such conditions , in this paper we investigate how to maximize the spectral efficiency in the secondary system .	A secondary receiver observes a multiple access channel of two users , the secondary and the primary transmitter , respectively .
Therefore , in this paper we present a resampling algorithm which allows to decide whether deviations between a parametric and a non-parametric model are systematic or due to noise .	The algorithm is based on a statistical comparison of the corresponding residuals , under the assumption of the parametric model as well as under violation of this assumption .
More precisely , we define the game over elementary strategies , which are well motivated by intuition .	Within this framework , the Stochastic Perron Method produces a viscosity sub-solution of the upper Isaacs equation dominating the upper value of the game , and a viscosity super-solution of the upper Isaacs equation lying below the upper value of the game .
We analyse data from the Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph ( IRIS ) in an emerging active region .	Here the spectral profiles show clear self-absorption features in the transition region lines of Si\ , { \sc { iv } } .
We discuss the possible end-of-CE structures of such stars and their subsequent evolution to investigate for which structures planetary nebulae are formed .	We assume that a planetary nebula forms if the remnant reaches an effective temperature greater than 30 kK within 10^4 yr of ejecting its envelope .
In particular , the static friction force resisting the relative lateral ( tangential ) motion of solid surfaces , initially at rest , is known to be proportional to the normal force and independent of the area of the macroscopic surfaces in contact .	Experimentally , the static friction force has been observed to slightly depend on time .
However , for the toolbox to be operational , the solutions it defines will have to be computed .	In this paper , we provide a single reduction that 1 ) demonstrates NP-hardness of determining whether Nash equilibria with certain natural properties exist , and 2 ) demonstrates the # P-hardness of counting Nash equilibria ( or connected sets of Nash equilibria ) .
In this thesis we study and compare two major strategies known for their decoding procedure , the Peterson-Gorenstein-Zierler ( PGZ ) and the Berlekamp-Massey ( BM ) decoder , in order to improve existing decoding algorithms and propose faster new ones .	In particular we study a modified version of the PGZ decoder , which we will call the fast Peterson-Gorenstein-Zierler ( fPGZ ) decoding algorithm .
We argue that linear classification in the feature space of kernels commonly used for graphs is often not enough to produce good results .	When this is the case , one naturally considers nonlinear classifiers in the feature space .
A number of these sources have very steep spectrum , with spectral index $ \alpha \geq 1.5-1.6 $ ( $ F ( \nu ) \propto \nu^ { -\alpha } $ ) , and are ideal targets to test current models for the origin of the relativistic particles .	A2256 hosts the nearest radio halo with very steep spectrum , with $ \alpha =1.61 $ , and a very large population of relativistic protons in the cluster would be necessary to explain the halo as due to synchrotron emission from secondary particles .
Using available experimental data we show that these energies have a standard gravitational behavior at the level of $ \sim 10^ { -5 } $ .	We are motivated by the point of view that Lamb shift energies may be interpreted as a consequence of vacuum fluctuations of the electromagnetic field .
When the Higgs bosons decay into \tau^-\tau^+ , two CP asymmetries can be defined using the longitudinal and transverse polarizations of the tau leptons .	Taking into account the constraints from electric dipole moments , we find that these CP asymmetries can be as large as 80 % , in a tri-mixing scenario where all three neutral Higgs states of the MSSM are nearly degenerate and mix significantly .
Measured fluxes from significantly detected sources and flux upper limits for the remaining galaxies are used to explore the physics of cosmic rays in galaxies .	We find further evidence for quasi-linear scaling relations between gamma-ray luminosity and both radio continuum luminosity and total infrared luminosity which apply both to quiescent galaxies of the Local Group and low-redshift starburst galaxies ( conservative $ P $ -values $ \lesssim0.05 $ accounting for statistical and systematic uncertainties ) .
More importantly AFBA greatly extends the scope and the applicability of splitting techniques to a wider variety of problems .	One important special case leads to a generalization of the classical ADMM for problems with three ( instead of two ) blocks of variables .
We also show how the wavelet matrix can be compressed up to the zero-order entropy of the sequence without sacrificing , and actually improving , its time performance .	Our experimental results show that the wavelet matrix outperforms all the wavelet tree variants along the space/time tradeoff map .
If $ \scriptstyle X_i = { \bb P } _1 $ we find the classical Dyson theorem .	In general , it will imply a self contained and easy proof of Siegel theorem on integral points on hyperbolic curves and it will give some insight on effectiveness .
We derive analytical expressions for eigenvalues of the system 's Hamiltonian and determine conditions of adiabaticity for both the atom and the medium .	We analyse , in detail , the system 's behaviour when the eigenvalue with non-vanishing energy is realized .
The process goes through the two-photon exchange and its amplitude is expressed in terms of the convolution integral which depends on the shape of the pion distribution amplitude ( DA ) and the centre of mass scattering angle .	Remarkable feature of the integral is that it is very sensitive to the end-point behaviour of the pion DA -- it starts to diverge if pion DA nullifies at the end-point as $ \sqrt x $ or slower .
Manufacturers collect large amount of engine related data during flights which are used , among other applications , to detect anomalies .	This article introduces and studies a generic methodology that allows one to build automatic early signs of anomaly detection in a way that builds upon human expertise and that remains understandable by human operators who make the final maintenance decision .
These two objects of different dimensionality are topologically connected .	They form the combined object which is called nexus in relativistic theories ( hep-th/9911125 ) .
STARLIB is a next-generation , all-purpose nuclear reaction-rate library .	For the first time , this library provides the rate probability density at all temperature grid points for convenient implementation in models of stellar phenomena .
One of the major challenges in neuroscience is to determine how noise that is present at the molecular and cellular levels affects dynamics and information processing at the macroscopic level of synaptically coupled neuronal populations .	Often noise is incorprated into deterministic network models using extrinsic noise sources .
Structural , morphological and optical properties were characterized with x-ray diffraction , scanning and transmission electron microscopy , and laser spectroscopy respectively to evaluate these materials .	The luminescent behaviors were compared between the pristine and modified Eu : Lu2O3 nanoparticles to study the influence of surface ligands on emission properties .
The H-free process , for some fixed graph H , is the random graph process defined by starting with an empty graph on n vertices and then adding edges one at a time , chosen uniformly at random subject to the constraint that no H subgraph is formed .	Let G be the random maximal H-free graph obtained at the end of the process .
We find that this is a marginally viable interpretation , but only if the X-ray burst and afterglow emission and the possible optical/UV flash do not destroy the dust responsible for absorption in the optical band .	If dust is efficiently destroyed , we are led to conclude that bursts with no detected optical afterglow are intrinsically different .
In particular , we present techniques to execute shortest path algorithms on spatial environments bypassing the restrictions imposed by commercial mapping services .	Last , we present ways to improve the movement and enhance the intelligence of virtual characters taking into consideration the actions and position of players in location-based games .
We have simultaneously monitored the photometric and polarimetric variations of the Classical T Tauri star AA Tau during the fall of 2002 .	We combine these data with previously published polarimetric data covering two earlier epochs .
We obtain very simple analytical results for the next-to-leading order effects , which have a simple physical interpretation .	For intermediate energy electromagnetic dissociation , higher order effects are generally small .
Based on this observation , we aim at designing efficient VM assignment and scheduling strategies where we consider optimizing both the operational cost of the data center and the performance degradation of running applications and then , we propose a general model which captures the inherent tradeoff between the two contradictory objectives .	We present offline and online solutions for this problem by exploiting the spatial and temporal information of VMs where VM scheduling is done by jointly consider the combinations and the life-cycle overlapping of the VMs .
Thermal negativity as a measure of quantum entanglement of the mixed spin system is calculated .	Different behavior for the negativity is obtained for the various values of Heisenberg dipolar and quadrupole couplings .
Nonetheless , here we show that , in many regimes , the first substitution is most often deleterious , even when fitness is expected to increase in the long term .	In particular , we prove that this phenomenon occurs under weak mutation for any house-of-cards model with an equilibrium distribution .
We focus on an explicit example : the exceptional Lie group G_2 .	The value distributions for characteristic polynomials associated with the 7- and 14-dimensional representations of G_2 , defined with respect to the uniform invariant ( Haar ) measure , are calculated using two of the Macdonald constant term identities .
The difficulty in the numerical evaluation is due to integration over infinite interval of the function containing two differently oscillating factors and the presence of stationary points .	This work suggests two methods to approximate the integral and its derivatives .
In our model , an approximate Z_2 symmetry gives rise to a tiny transition magnetic moment between the Majorana fermions at one loop .	The heavier Majorana fermion becomes a thermal dark matter due to the sizable fermion-portal coupling to the SM charged fermions .
In all which-way experiments , however , an intervention takes place in the interference process in order to determine which way the quantum system took .	This intervention can imply the tagging of a which-way marker to a quantum system or , for instance , blocking off one of the paths in a Mach-Zehnder interferometer so that one indirectly knows that the quantum system took the other ( open ) path .
For each $ g\neq2,0 $ a secondary Hall effect arises also for another critical value of the field .	The non-relativistic limit of our equations yields new models which generalize our previous `` exotic '' model , associated with the two-fold central extension of the planar Galilei group .
We show that the sensitivity of the spin detector has strong bias dependence which , in the general case , is dramatically different from that of the tunneling current spin polarization .	We show that this bias dependence originates from two distinct physical mechanisms : 1 ) the bias dependence of tunneling current spin polarization , which is of microscopic origin and depends on the specific properties of the interface , and 2 ) the macroscopic electron spin transport properties in the semiconductor .
We verify the equivalence with the Hamiltonian formalism .	It is also indicated why the first-order and second-order formalisms lead to the same superpotential .
The B-DMFT is applicable for arbitrary values of the coupling parameters and temperature and becomes exact in the limit of high spatial dimensions d or coordination number Z of the lattice .	In contrast to its fermionic counterpart the construction of the B-DMFT requires different scalings of the hopping amplitudes with Z depending on whether the bosons are in their normal state or in the Bose-Einstein condensate .
This demonstrates that any attempt to positively resolve the Navier-Stokes global regularity problem in three dimensions has to use finer structure on the nonlinear portion $ B ( u , u ) $ of the equation than is provided by harmonic analysis estimates and the energy identity .	We also propose a program for adapting these blowup results to the true Navier-Stokes equations .
To study the influence of merger processes on the evolution of dust properties and cosmic star formation rate , we investigate a local sample of major merger galaxies and a control sample of isolated galaxies using GALEX ultraviolet ( UV ) and Spitzer infrared ( IR ) images .	Through a statistical study , we find that dust attenuation in merger galaxies is enhanced with respect to isolated galaxies .
$ $ We show that $ \lim_ { \alpha\to 1^- } \mathsf C_ { \mathsf S } ( \alpha ) =1 $ if and only if $ w\in A_\infty ^* $ , that is if and only if $ w $ is a strong Muckenhoupt weight .	This is quantified by the estimate $ \mathsf C_ { \mathsf S } ( \alpha ) -1\lesssim_ { n } ( 1-\alpha ) ^ { ( cn [ w ] _ { A_\infty ^* } ) ^ { -1 } } $ as $ \alpha\to 1^- $ , where $ c & gt ; 0 $ is a numerical constant ; this estimate is sharp in the sense that the exponent $ 1/ ( cn [ w ] _ { A_\infty ^* } ) $ can not be improved in terms of $ [ w ] _ { A_\infty ^* } $ .
Consider additive functionals of a Markov chain $ W_k $ , with stationary ( marginal ) distribution and transition function denoted by $ \pi $ and $ Q $ , say $ S_n=g ( W_1 ) + ... +g ( W_n ) $ , where $ g $ is square integrable and has mean 0 with respect to $ \pi $ .	If $ S_n $ has the form $ S_n=M_n+R_n $ , where $ M_n $ is a square integrable martingale with stationary increments and $ E ( R_n^2 ) =o ( n ) $ , then $ g $ is said to admit a martingale approximation .
Specifically , we find that for an image patch , activations extracted from the first fully-connected layer of CNNs have two appealing properties which enable its seamless integration with pattern mining .	Patterns are then discovered from a large number of CNN activations of image patches through the well-known association rule mining .
We study the spectroscopy of the states which defy conventional $ c\bar { c } $ charmonium and $ b\bar { b } $ bottomonium interpretation respectively , and are termed as exotic states .	In August 2003 a state X ( 3872 ) , was discovered [ K. Abe\textit { \ et al . }
While the available optimality results for the BPX norm have been constructed primarily in the setting of uniformly refined meshes , a notable exception is the local 2D red-green result due to Dahmen and Kunoth .	The purpose of this article is to extend this original 2D optimality result to the local 3D red-green refinement procedure introduced by Bornemann-Erdmann-Kornhuber ( BEK ) , and then to use this result to extend the WHB optimality results from the quasiuniform setting to local 2D and 3D red-green refinement scenarios .
Wakeham and Wood showed that the maximum size of $ ( b/a ) $ -multiple-free sets contained in $ [ n ] $ is $ \frac { b } { b+1 } n+O ( \log n ) $ .	In this paper we generalize this result as follows .
We show that it is impossible to estimate the unconditional distribution with reasonable accuracy even asymptotically .	In particular , we show that no estimator for this distribution can be uniformly consistent ( not even locally ) .
We use SSW in IDL to derive the time series of 14 XBPs and 2 background regions .	For the first time , we have tried to use power spectrum analysis on XBPs data to determine the periods of intensity oscillations .
The result is adapted to obtain the effective hamiltonian describing the propagation and mixing of three flavors of left-handed neutrinos in the presence of Lorentz violation involving operators of arbitrary mass dimension .	A characterization of the neutrino coefficients for Lorentz violation is provided via a decomposition using spin-weighted spherical harmonics .
The eta production is included in a similar way , while the contribution of more-pion and higher channels is modeled by comparison with the total cross sections and simple phenomenological assumptions .	Our evaluation of the energy-weighted integrals is in good agreement for the proton but shows big discrepancies for the neutron .
We present a new approach to confront small-scale non-linearities in the power spectrum of matter fluctuations .	This ever-present and pernicious uncertainty is often the Achilles ' heel in cosmological studies and must be reduced if we are to see the advent of precision cosmology in the late-time Universe .
Each observation will provide a measurement of the parameters of the host system to unprecendented precision .	LISA EMRI observations will thus offer a new and unique way to probe black holes at low redshift .
and Geballe et al. , and defined following the precepts of the MK Process .	Drawing from two large spectroscopic libraries of T dwarfs identified largely in the Sloan Digital Sky Survey and the Two Micron All Sky Survey , nine primary spectral standards and five alternate standards spanning spectral types T0 to T8 are identified that match criteria of spectral character , brightness , absence of a resolved companion and accessibility from both northern and southern hemispheres .
The predictions of this model can be used to discriminate spin and orbital effects .	We find that experiments conducted by A. Johansson \textit { et al . }
For an understanding of complex sensory processing , detailed concepts of the corticothalamic interplay need yet to be established .	Drawing on various physiological and anatomical data , we elaborate the novel hypothesis that the visual cortex controls the spatiotemporal structure of cortical receptive fields via feedback to the lateral geniculate nucleus .
Because the optical reflection is largely free from chromatic aberrations , the conical reflector has an advantage of being able to manipulate the helical wavefront with broadband light such as white light or short light pulses .	In this study , we introduce geometrical understanding of the function of the conical reflector using the spatially-dependent geometric phase , or more specifically , the spin redirection phase .
The existence of a new kind of massive boson-fermion symmetry is shown explicitly in the framework of the heterotic , type II and type II orientifold superstring theories .	The target space-time is two-dimensional .
Further we present a different protocol called telecloning of entanglement , which combines the many-to-many teleportation and nonlocal optimal asymmetric cloning of an arbitrary entangled state .	This scheme allows the optimal transmission of the two nonlocal optimal clones of an entangled state to two pairs of spatially separated receivers .
A `` closed loop '' scenario is assumed , for which a practical multicast scheme is constructed which approaches capacity , by applying judiciously chosen unitary operations at the transmit and receives nodes that triangularize the channel matrices such that the resulting matrices have equal diagonals .	This , along with the utilization of successive interference cancellation , reduces the coding and decoding tasks to those of coding and decoding over the single-antenna additive white Gaussian noise channel .
However , by using the computationally efficient and numerically stable PaRIS algorithm for estimating smoothed expectations of time-averaged sufficient statistics of the model we obtain a fast algorithm with very limited memory requirements and a computational complexity that grows only linearly with the number of particles .	The efficiency of the algorithm is illustrated in a simulation study .
We consider the problem of finding all enclosing rectangles of minimum area that can contain a given set of rectangles without overlap .	Our rectangle packer chooses the x-coordinates of all the rectangles before any of the y-coordinates .
A value of $ p_c=0.222\pm 0.005 $ is obtained .	From the finite-size behavior of the Binder cumulant and the magnetization critical exponents $ \nu=1.1 \pm 0.3 $ and $ \beta=0.2 \pm 0.1 $ are calculated .
The 3-loop coefficient of the bare beta-function , b_2^L , is extracted using the 2-loop expression for Z_g , and it is presented as a function of the overlap parameter rho , the number of fermion flavors ( N_f ) and the number of colors ( N ) .	We also provide the expression for the ratio Lambda_L/Lambda_MS , in an arbitrary representation .
We study the distribution of neutral hydrogen and its 21cm emission properties in a cosmological hydrodynamic simulation , to gain more insights into the distribution of HI below NHI ~ 10^19 cm-2 .	Such Lyman Limit systems are expected to trace out the cosmic web , and are relatively unexplored .
Identifying key agents for the transmission of diseases ( ideas , technology , etc . )	across social networks has predominantly relied on measures of centrality on a static base network or a temporally flattened graph of agent interactions .
Our invariant gives a bijection between the set of smooth isotopy classes of such embeddings and the integers .	It also gives rise to a complete invariant for homology bordism classes of all embeddings of homology 3-spheres in the 6-sphere .
During inflation explicit perturbative computations of quantum field theories which contain massless , non-conformal fields exhibit secular effects that grow as powers of the logarithm of the inflationary scale factor .	Starobinski\u { \i } 's technique of stochastic inflation not only reproduces the leading infrared logarithms at each order in perturbation theory , it can sometimes be summed to reveal what happens when inflation has proceeded so long that the large logarithms overwhelm even very small coupling constants .
A generic stationary configuration of the monopoles can be interpreted as stable non BPS dyons , previously found as non-planar string webs connecting D3-branes .	The supersymmetric extension is also found explicitly , and gives the complete quantum mechanics of monopoles in N=4 SYM theory .
With the Potsdam Multi Aperture Spectrophotometer ( PMAS ) we measure the properties of the extended Ly-alpha emission in an area of 3 '' * 5 '' having a total line flux of ( 2.8+/-0.3 ) *10^ { -16 } erg cm-2 s-1 , which at redshift z=3.15 corresponds to a luminosity of ( 2.4 -0.2/+0.3 ) *10^ { 43 } erg s-1 and a size of 23 times 38 kpc .	The location of the emission is spatially coincident with the previously detected DLA galaxy , but extends significantly beyond its limb .
There are many resources useful for processing images , most of them freely available and quite friendly to use .	In spite of this abundance of tools , a study of the processing methods is still worthy of efforts .
Measurements from the RHIC experiments show strong suppression of high-pT hadrons in central Au+Au collisions .	The PHENIX experiment has observed strong suppression of $ \pi^0 $ and charged hadron yields in central Au+Au collisions for pT & gt ; 5 GeV/c regardless of pT and particle species .
In this article , we calculate the spin density matrix of each process and estimate the spin polarization vector in medium and high neutrino energy interactions .	We find that the produced \tau^ { \pm } 's have high degree of polarization , and their spin direction depends non-trivially on the energy and the scattering angle of \tau^ { \pm } in the laboratory frame .
The different forms of the Hamiltonian formulations of linearized General Relativity/spin-two theories are discussed in order to show their similarities and differences .	It is demonstrated that in the linear model , non-covariant modifications to the initial covariant Lagrangian ( similar to those modifications used in full gravity ) are in fact unnecessary .
By way of a possible counter-argument , we focus on resolved companions ( optical pairs ) of hot subdwarf stars .	On a statistical basis , many of these are physically associated with the hot subdwarfs , i.e.are common proper motion pairs .
We present a study of the relation between dark matter halo mass and the baryonic content of host galaxies , quantified via luminosity and stellar mass .	Our investigation uses 154 deg2 of Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope Lensing Survey ( CFHTLenS ) lensing and photometric data , obtained from the CFHT Legacy Survey .
On the other hand , it was shown that a probabilistic mixture of the traffic rule and the majority rule solves the one-dimensional problem correctly with a probability arbitrarily close to one .	We investigate the possibility of a similar approach in two dimensions .
These places can be , for example , commercial properties , homes , office centers and so on .	As per geo-fencing approach they could be described ( defined ) as some geographic areas bounded by polygons .
We report a Molecular Dynamics study of homogenous bubble nucleation in a Lennard-Jones fluid .	The rate of bubble nucleation is estimated using forward-flux sampling ( FFS ) .
In another theorem , it is shown that all ( as opposed to almost all ) capacity-approaching LDPC decoding circuits that directly implement their Tanner graphs must have energy that scales as $ \Omega\left ( n\left ( \log n\right ) ^ { 2 } \right ) $ .	These results further imply scaling rules for the energy of LDPC decoder circuits as a function of gap to capacity .
Subdwarf B stars ( sdBs ) can significantly change the ultraviolet spectra of populations at age t~1Gyr , and have been even included in the volutionary population synthesis ( EPS ) models by Han et al . ( 2007 ) .	In this study we present the spectral energy distributions ( SEDs ) of binary stellar populations ( BSPs ) by combining the EPS models of Han et al .
The cusp point enables robust , field-free refocusing of an expanding atomic cloud with a wide velocity distribution .	Specifically , the density attained at the cusp point in our experiment reached 65 % of the peak density of the atoms in the trap prior to their release .
The cases of the main galaxy survey , the luminous red galaxy ( LRG ) survey , and the quasar survey of different magnitude limits are considered .	We find that the MAIN1 sample ( i.e.the main galaxy survey with one magnitude deeper than the SDSS main galaxy survey , or r & lt ; 18.8 ) could only provide very weak constraint on PNG .
Using the archival data of the Midcourse Space Experiment ( MSX ) satellite and the Spitzer Space Telescope , and the preliminary data release of the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) , we discovered seven bow shocks , whose geometry is consistent with the possibility that they are generated by stars expelled from the young star clusters , Pismis 24 and AH03 J1725-34.4 , associated with NGC 6357 .	Two of the seven bow shocks are driven by the already known O stars .
Combining results from these different techniques we tempt a very detailed description of the evolution of the micellar interfacial properties with temperature .	It is well known that nonionic surfactant solutions dehydrate , growing temperature .
To perform the test , we compare measurements of galaxy clustering in dense and underdense regions .	We find that galaxies in dense regions cluster significantly more strongly than those in less dense regions .
Our algorithm adds negligible computational cost to the fastest existing collisionless N-body codes , and can be used to simulate , for the first time , the interaction of planets with disks over many viscous times .	Though the algorithm is implemented in two dimensions-i.e. , the motions of bodies need only be tracked in a plane-it captures the behavior of fully three-dimensional disks in which collisions maintain inclinations that are comparable to random eccentricities .
We present a detailed numerical analysis of the microscopic behavior of the model , including transversal and longitudinal spatial correlations and dynamic heterogeneities .	In particular , we show that at high particle density the transition from positive to negative resistance regimes in the current vs field relation can be explained via the emergence of nontrivial structures that intermittently trap the particles and slow down the dynamics .
We compute Zero Point Energy in a spherically symmetric background with the help of the Wheeler-DeWitt equation .	This last one is regarded as a Sturm-Liouville problem with the cosmological constant considered as the associated eigenvalue .
Lattice simulation data on the critical temperature and long-distance potential , that probe the degrees of freedom of the QCD string , are critically reviewed .	It is emphasized that comparison of experimental or SU ( N_c ) lattice data , at finite number of colors N_c , with free string theory can be misleading due to string interactions .
The other model , DASWAM , consists of the third generation wave model PHIDIAS in combination with an approximate implementation of the adjoint method .	In an experiment over the period February 19 - March 30 , 1993 , the models are driven by the same wind field ( HIRLAM analysis winds ) , and the same observation data set is assimilated .
Screening processes occur if diffusion takes place in a potential .	The crucial distinction between screening of fundamental and adjoint loops is formulated as a symmetry property related to the center symmetry of the underlying gauge theory .
In a wireless network with a single source and a single destination and an arbitrary number of relay nodes , what is the maximum rate of information flow achievable ?	We make progress on this long standing problem through a two-step approach .
Those excitons thus become metastable and decoupled from the free radiation field .	They can store a single energy quantum for a long time and transfer the excitation over long distances .
The question of the `new physics ' potential of neutrino telescopes sensitive to the total cross section in multi-PeV energy domain is considered .	We point out a loophole in the arguments which might be an important consideration in extrapolating the cross section to extremely high energies .
We also show that while the dynamics is discrete and the phase point jumps around , it can not make transitions between closed disconnected parts of the energy surface .	Thus the number of distinct sectors depends on the number of geometrically disconnected parts of the energy surface .
By the end of the nineties , the power converter control system ( Mugef ) of the CERN proton accelerator ( SPS ) had undergone a complete modernization .	This resulted in newly developed hardware for function generation , measurement and I/O in a VME environment , under the LynxOS real-time operating system .
Such d/AF/d junctions exhibit a rich dependence of the Josephson current on the interlayer parameters , including the possibility of 0-pi transitions with varying temperature or interlayer thickness .	Furthermore , we study d/I/d junctions when the dSC leads include subdominant magnetic correlations .
The cosmological constant is one of the most pressing problems in modern physics .	We address this issue from an emergent gravity standpoint , by using an analogue gravity model .
However , this crunch might be followed by a bounce .	It is generally thought that the bubble universe may be cyclic , which will go through a sequence of AdS crunches , until the field inside bubble finally lands at a dS minimum .
The network includes some specific important cases discussed in earlier works such as the ASEP with the Langmuir kinetics , multiple lanes and finite reservoirs .	Probability distributions of particles in the steady state are exactly given in factorized forms according to their balance properties .
We find that the plasmoids develop a robust internal structure , with colder dense cores and hotter outer shells , that is recovered after each plasmoid merger on a dynamical time scale .	We use spacetime diagrams of the reconnection layers to probe the evolution of plasmoids , and in this context we investigate the individual particle histories for a representative sample of energetic electrons .
We argue that the X-ray broad-band spectra during all spectral states can be adequately reproduced by a model , consisting of a low-temperature Blackbody component , two Comptonized components both due to the presence of a Compton cloud ( CC ) that up-scatters seed photons of $ T_ { s1 } $ ~ & lt ; 1.4 keV , and $ T_ { s2 } & lt ; $ 1 keV , and an iron-line component .	We find using this model that the photon power-law index is almost constant , $ \Gamma_ { 1 } \sim 2 $ for all spectral states .
Graphene and other two-dimensional layered materials provide an unprecedented opportunity to explore magnetoresistance at its nascent stage of structural formation .	Here , we report an extremely large local magnetoresistance of ~ 2,000 % at 400 K and a non-local magnetoresistance of & gt ; 90,000 % in 9 T at 300 K in few-layer graphene/boron-nitride heterostructures .
Despite internal complexity , tumor growth kinetics follow relatively simple macroscopic laws that have been quantified by mathematical models .	To resolve this further , quantitative and discriminant analyses were performed for the purpose of comparing alternative models for their abilities to describe and predict tumor growth .
Significant part of this energy cost goes to system update by downloading regularly patches and bug fixes to solve security problems and to assure that the operating system and other systems function properly .	This paper describes a new design of Windows Server Update Services ( WSUS ) , system responsible of downloads of the mentioned patches and updates from Microsoft Update website and then distributes them to computers on a network .
In this paper we present the results of timing analysis of PSR J0737-3039 performed during 2006 and 2011 XMM-Newton Large Programs that collected ~20,000 X-ray counts from the system .	We detected pulsations from PSR J0737-3039A ( PSR A ) through the most accurate timing measurement obtained by XMM-Newton so far , the spin period error being of 2x10^-13 s. PSR A 's pulse profile in X-rays is very stable despite significant relativistic spin precession that occurred within the time span of observations .
A key challenge is the nonlinear measurement model , which is often tackled using linearization , despite divergence and local optimality issues .	In this work , a moving-horizon estimation ( MHE ) strategy is advocated , where model nonlinearity can be accurately captured with strong performance guarantees .
It is shown that the shape of the perturber affects only the exact form of the Coulomb logarithm .	The latter converges on small scales , because encounters of the test and field stars with impact parameters less than the size of the massive perturber become inefficient .
Each layer of the sieve recovers a single latent factor that is maximally informative about multivariate dependence in the data .	The data is transformed after each pass so that the remaining unexplained information trickles down to the next layer .
We apply our results to the study of the outcome of Black Hole evaporation and show different possibilities .	In this way , we find that a persistent naked singularity could develop in the final stages of the evaporation and we show its distinctive features .
Earlier studies have revealed that in the presence of transport current ( non-equilibrium situation ) , circulating currents can flow in a ring even in the absence of magnetic field .	This was attributed to current magnification which is quantum mechanical in origin .
The origin of the excess of matter over antimatter in our Universe remains one of the fundamental problems .	The dynamical baryogenesis in the process of the broken symmetry electroweak transition in the expanding Universe is the widely discussed model where the baryonic asymmetry is induced by the quantum chiral anomaly .
It is , for example , known that there exist values for he rate constants where multistationarity occurs .	However , nothing else is known about these rate constants .
At very small densities , the equation of state of the gas is very well described in terms of the gas parameter $ \rho a^3 $ , with $ a $ the s-wave scattering length .	The solid phase has also been studied up to high pressures .
Additionally , in two H II regions in which the auroral lines were detected oxygen abundances were measured through the classic Te method .	We also estimated the abundances in our H II regions using the O3N2 and N2 calibrations and compared those with the C-based abundances .
In this paper we derive the condition providing the on-shell equivalence of $ L_ { \infty } $ -type and WZW-like formulations for superstring field theory .	We construct the NS string products $ L= \ { L_ { n } \ } _ { n=1 } ^ { \infty } $ of $ L_ { \infty } $ -type formulation and the shifted BRST operator $ Q_ { \mathcal { G } } $ in WZW-like formulation by the similarity transformations of the BRST operator $ Q $ .
However , the other two recently proposed silicene structures exhibit a finite band gap , indicating that they are gapped semiconductors instead of previously expected Dirac-fermion semimetals .	Moreover , our calculated quasiparticle gap quantitatively explains the recent angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy measurements .
The parameter studies of LVG radiative transfer models show that lines of polar molecules are uniformly brighter for ions , for lower J-values and for higher dipole moments .	Excitation by electrons is more important for J=1-0 lines and contributes rather less to the brightness of CS J=2-1 lines .
An M-tensor is a Z-tensor .	We show that a Z-tensor is a nonsingular M-tensor if and only if it is semi-positive .
A strong evidence is presented that the analytic classical solutions to the cubic string field theory found earlier in Refs .	[ 5,6 ] are actually related by the symmetry and , therefore , all of them describe the same tachyon vacuum .
A new ( direct ) PIMC method allows for a correct determination of thermodynamic properties such as energy and equation of state of dense degenerate Coulomb systems .	In this paper , we present results for dense partially ionized hydrogen at intermediate and high temperature .
Computer programs often behave differently under different compilers or in different computing environments .	Relative debugging is a collection of techniques by which these differences are analysed .
However , most of them either require the form of the transformation matrix to be diagonal , or are non-convex and computationally expensive .	In this paper , we suggest a novel approximation for the radius of minimum enclosing ball ( MEB ) in feature space , and then propose a convex radius-margin based SVM model for joint learning of feature transformation and SVM classifier , i.e. , F-SVM .
Its complexity is measured by the number of symbols that have to be read .	In this paper the model of independent data identically generated from a Markov chain is considered .
The space-based gravitational-wave detector eLISA has been selected as the ESA L3 mission , and the mission design will be finalised by the end of this decade .	To prepare for mission formulation over the next few years , several outstanding and urgent questions in data analysis will be addressed using mock data challenges , informed by instrument measurements from the LISA Pathfinder satellite launching at the end of 2015 .
In this paper , we quantify the statistical coherence between financial time series by means of the Renyi entropy .	With the help of Campbell 's coding theorem we show that the Renyi entropy selectively emphasizes only certain sectors of the underlying empirical distribution while strongly suppressing others .
In the absence of energy-level mismatches and dephasing noise , there arises quantum destructive interference between multiple paths that restricts the energy transfer .	On the other hand , the destructive interference diminishes as asymmetrically biasing the energy-level mismatches and/or introducing quantum noise of dephasing for the antenna molecules , so that the transfer efficiency is greatly enhanced to near unity .
Within measurement uncertainty the orbit is circular , and the minimum mass ( m sin i ) of the planet is 0.64+/-0.06 MJUP .	GJ 832 appears to be depleted in met- als by at least 50 % relative to the Sun , as are a significant fraction of the M dwarfs known to host exoplanets .
Considering the total energy to be positive , we investigate the nature of a curvature singularity $ r=2m $ ( $ r $ is the radial coordinate ) in this metric .	For $ \gamma & lt ; 1 $ , this singularity is globally visible along $ \theta = 0 $ as well as $ \theta = \pi /2 $ .
Based on these fluxes , we estimate basic quantities about dust : dust temperature , dust mass , and total FIR luminosity .	We find that the typical dust temperature of the BCD sample is systematically higher than that of normal spiral galaxies , although there is a large variety .
Instead , either features are `` lost '' due to low pass filtering or features are `` created '' due to oscillation of the feedback loop .	In order to overcome these serious problems we show that the interaction signal ( error signal ) can be used not only to quantitatively control but also to significantly improve the quality of the topography raw data used for the PSD analysis .
However , for many voting rules used in practice , the computational complexity increases .	For example , it is already known that it is NP-hard to compute how a single voter can manipulate the result of single transferable voting ( the elimination version of plurality voting ) .
We highlight how the interplay between the liquid-vapor and the liquid-solid coexistence conditions determines the existence of a narrow liquid pocket in the phase diagram , whose stability is assessed and confirmed in agreement with previous studies .	In particular , the critical temperature follows closely an extended corresponding-states rule recently outlined by Noro and Frenkel [ J. Chem.Phys .
In this paper , we consider a one-shot multiparty typicality conjecture .	The question can then be stated easily : is it possible to smooth the largest eigenvalues of all the marginals of a multipartite state { \rho } simultaneously while staying close to { \rho } ?
Simulated wide-field images are becoming an important part of observational astronomy , either to prepare for new surveys or to test measurement methods .	In order to efficiently explore vast parameter spaces , the computational speed of simulation codes is a central requirement to their implementation .
So far dark matter has revealed its existence only through gravitational effects .	The strongest experimental effort to find other evidence and learn more about the nature of the dark matter particles concentrates around Weakly Interacting Massive Particles which are among the best motivated dark matter candidates .
On the other hand we study in detail the projections of Gibbs u-states along the unit spheres tangent to the foliation .	We show that they have Lebesgue disintegration in the leaves and that the local densities possess an integral representation analogue to the Poisson representation of harmonic functions .
In four dimensions this allows us to establish the uniqueness of extremal Kerr amongst asymptotically flat , stationary , rotating , vacuum black holes with a single extremal horizon .	In five dimensions we show that there is at most one asymptotically flat , stationary , extremal vacuum black hole with a connected horizon , two commuting rotational symmetries and given interval structure and angular momenta .
It is of interest to understand how network motifs combine to form larger structures .	To address this , we present a systematic approach to define 'motif generalizations ' : families of motifs of different sizes that share a common architectural theme .
This is only possible if ultra pure high efficiency photosensors are available for the scintillation light readout .	Current experiments ( e.g.Xenon , LUX , Darkside , ArDM ) use cryogenic PMTs as photosensors .
Toward this goal , we study a Bose-Fermi Kondo model ( BFKM ) with Ising anisotropy in the presence of a local transverse field that generates quantum fluctuations in the local-moment sector .	We apply the numerical renormalization-group method to the case of a sub-Ohmic bosonic bath exponent and a constant conduction-electron density of states .
For a physical interpretation of the observables ( visibilities and spectrum ) we use our ray-tracing radiative transfer code ( FRACS ) , which is optimised for thermal spectro-interferometric observations .	Thanks to the short computing time required by FRACS ( $ & lt ; 10 $ ~s per monochromatic model ) , best-fit parameters and uncertainties for several physical quantities of CPD-57\degr\,2874 were obtained , such as inner dust radius , relative flux contribution of the central source and of the dusty CSE , dust temperature profile , and disc inclination .
A new discrete symmetry group , which governs low-energy properties of the supersymmetric N=2 gauge theory is found .	Each element of this group S_r , r being the rank of the gauge group , represents a permutation of r electric charges available in the theory accompanied by a simultaneous permutation of r monopoles , provided the sets of charges and monopoles are chosen properly .
We review cosmological aspects of brane world scenarios such as the Randall -- Sundrum brane model and two -- brane systems with a bulk scalar field .	We start with the simplest brane world scenario leading to a consistent cosmology : a brane embedded in an Anti -- de Sitter space -- time .
We report on structural , DC , X-ray and neutron studies of hybrid superconducting mesa-heterostructures with a cuprate antiferromagnetic interlayer Ca1-xSrxCuO2 ( CSCO ) .	The upper electrode was bilayer Nb/Au superconductor and copper oxide superconductor YBa2Cu3O7 ( YBCO ) was the bottom electrode .
One such algebraic structure , namely , n-linear algebras of type I are introduced in this book and its applications to n-Markov chains and n-Leontief models are given .	These structures can be thought of as the generalization of bilinear algebras and bivector spaces .
A partial-wave decomposition reveals a strong contribution of S-wave KK-bar pairs with low relative energy , suggesting dominance of resonant kaon production via the a0+ ( 980 ) .	This indicates that systematic studies of the light scalar resonances a0/f0 ( 980 ) are possible at COSY .
Goldstone singularities arising at an intermediate stage in the calculation of O ( n ) symmetric quantities are shown to cancel among themselves leaving a finite result in the limit of zero external field .	From the free energy we calculate the amplitude functions in zero field for the order parameter , specific heat and helicity modulus ( superfluid density ) in three dimensions .
The resulting abundances are between 2.6+-0.4 and 4.5+-0.7 Solar Masses for 26Al and a 2-sigma upper limit for 60Fe between 1.7 and 3.1 Solar Masses .	The measured 26Al emission flux is significantly higher than that derived from the CGRO/COMPTEL 1.8 MeV sky map .
The perturbative calculation therefore has to be very precise .	We use a modified version of stochastic perturbation theory to calculate a perturbative series in a boosted coupling , which converges more rapidly than the series with the usual lattice coupling , reducing the uncertainties in our results .
The Veltmann models , which include the Plummer and Hernquist models as special cases , are studied in the presence of a cosmological constant .	Physically relevant quantities such as the velocity dispersion profiles and the anisotropy parameter are computed through the use of the self-consistent approach .
We find many applications of this result .	For example we answer a question of Kov\'acs and the second author on the Cohen-Macaulay property of Du Bois singularities .
Realization of the center symmetry is shown to result from non-perturbative gauge fixing .	Dictated by the center symmetry , this phase exhibits already at the perturbative level confinement like properties .
The equation involves a kernel function with nonnegative Fourier transform .	We discretize the equation by using Fourier spectral method in space and we prove the convergence of the semidiscrete scheme .
We focus on the models with the softly-broken $ Z_2 $ symmetry , which is imposed to avoid the flavor changing neutral current .	Under the $ Z_2 $ symmetry , there are four types of Yukawa interactions .
We perform a lattice QCD calculation of the \pi^0\to\gamma\gamma transition form factor and the associated decay width .	We use a Euclidean time integral of the relevant three-point function to compute the decay amplitude for two-photon final state , which is a non-QCD state .
We present a method to extract the redshift-space distortions beta parameter in configuration space with a minimal set of cosmological assumptions .	We show that a novel combination of the observed monopole and quadrupole correlation functions can remove efficiently the impact of mild non linearities and redshift errors .
The proposed model also includes the effect of charge accumulation at the interface of the two gates and the variation in the tunneling volume with the applied gate voltage .	The accuracy of the model is tested using two-dimensional numerical simulations .
We also demonstrate that the s=1 solitons are stable against very strong perturbations initially added to them .	However , on the contrary to spatial vortex solitons in the same model , the spatiotemporal solitons with s=2 are never stable .
Below 0.6- $ 1 Gyr $ both optical and NIR SBF models exhibit a strong dependence on age and mass loss .	We also evaluate SBF amplitudes by using Monte Carlo techniques to reproduce the random variation in the number of stars experiencing bright and fast evolutionary phases ( Red Giant Branch , AGB , TP-AGB ) .
With substantial NNLO corrections , we find disquieting discrepancy when confronting our state-of-the-art predictions with the latest \textsf { BESIII } measurements , especially fail to account for the measured $ \chi_ { c2 } \to\gamma\gamma $ width .	Incorporating the effects of spin-dependent forces would even exacerbate the situation , since it lifts the degeneracy between the nonperturbative NRQCD matrix elements of $ \chi_ { c0 } $ and $ \chi_ { c2 } $ toward the wrong direction .
This construction enables us to obtain recursive lower bounds for the h_ { 0 , n } and d_ { 0 , n } , and inequalities h_ { 0,3 } & gt ; = d_ { 0,2 } /6+1/12 , h_ { 1,3 } & gt ; = d_ { 1,2 } /6+1/6 .	As applications , we show the existence , for any integer n & gt ; = 5 , of real algebraic hypersurfaces in { \mathbb C } P^n which are not T-hypersurfaces , and we prove inequalities 35/96 & lt ; = h_ { 0,3 } & lt ; = 5/12 , 35/48 & lt ; = h_ { 1,3 } & lt ; = 5/6 .
The Chandra image reveals a roughly spherical halo of hot gas extending out to 30 kpc around PKS 2153 -- 69 .	Two depressions in the surface brightness of the X-ray halo correspond to the large scale radio lobes , and interpreting these as cavities inflated with radio plasma we infer a jet power of 4x10^42 erg/s .
Specifically , we focus on recommending travel destinations at Booking.com , a major online travel site , to users searching for their preferred vacation activities .	To build ranking models we use multi-criteria rating data provided by previous users after their stay at a destination .
With the use of spatially high resolved images taken with the WFPC2 aboard the Hubble Space Telescope we could identify individual components of the Narrow-Line Region in our spectra .	A Gaussian decomposition of the spectra revealed 9 distinct emission-line complexes .
When testing hypotheses empirically , the statistical model must be a careful operationalization of the theory being tested .	Given that the theoretical and statistical can not be separated , we discuss dyadic research designs from these two perspectives ; highlighting model misspecification , erroneous assumptions about independence of events , artificial levels of analysis , and the incoherent treatment of multilateral/multiparty events on the theoretical side and difficult-to-escape challenges to valid inference on the statistical side .
For CeRuPO a pronounced decrease of rho ( T ) below 50K indicates the onset of coherent Kondo scattering which is confirmed by enhanced S ( T ) .	The temperature and magnetic field dependence of chi ( T ) and C ( T ) evidence ferromagnetic ( FM ) order at TC=15K .
In previous papers we developed a deterministic fluid approximation for an overloaded Markovian queueing system having two customer classes and two service pools , known in the call-center literature as the X model .	The system uses the fixed-queue-ratio-with-thresholds ( FQR-T ) control , which we proposed in a recent paper as a way for one service system to help another in face of an unexpected overload .
We detect the backbone of the weighted bipartite network of the Japanese credit market relationships .	The backbone is detected by adapting a general method used in the investigation of weighted networks .
One of the recently published ideas to overcome severe absorption of TeV photons is based upon the assumption that sources like Mrk 501 could produce Bose-Einstein condensates of coherent photons .	The condensates would have a higher survival probability during the transport in the diffuse radiation field and could mimic TeV air shower events .
The first group consists of $ l $ branch points , with ramification profile lengths fixed to be the numbers $ ( n-c_1 , ... , n- c_l ) $ ; the second consists of $ m $ further groups of `` coloured '' branch points , of variable number , for which the sums of the complements of the ramification profile lengths within the groups are fixed to equal the numbers $ ( d_1 , ... , d_m ) $ .	The latter are counted with sign determined by the parity of the total number of such branch points .
Nature succeeds in accelerating extended and massive objects to relativistic velocities .	Jets in Active Galactic Nuclei and in galactic superluminal sources and gamma-ray bursts fireballs have bulk Lorentz factors from a few to several hundreds .
In particular , codes resulting from blowing up points in $ \proj^2 $ are briefly studied , then codes resulting from ruled surfaces are covered .	Codes resulting from ruled surfaces over curves of genus 0 are completely analyzed , and some codes are discovered that are better than direct product Reed Solomon codes of similar length .
The dependence of our result on the number of colors $ N $ , the number of fermionic flavors $ N_f $ , as well as the clover parameter $ c_ { SW } $ , is shown explicitly .	A direct outcome of our calculation is the two-loop relation between the bare coupling constant $ g_0 $ and the one renormalized in the MS-bar scheme .
We use the Einstein-Cartan-Kibble-Sciama ( ECKS ) theory of gravity which naturally extends general relativity to include the spin of matter .	The torsion of spacetime generates gravitational repulsion in the early Universe filled with quarks and leptons , preventing the cosmological singularity : the Universe expands from a state of minimum but finite radius .
We use a new method for reconfiguration control of these faults that lead to unobservability of subsystems .	The method proposes augmenting a faulty subsystems with another subsystem ( s ) until a new subsystem is achieved that is observable .
The centers of the entire set of tiles of one tiling form a lattice $ Q $ in the plane .	If $ X_Q $ denotes the set of all Taylor-Socolar tilings with centers on $ Q $ then $ X_Q $ forms a natural hull under the standard local topology of hulls and is a dynamical system for the action of $ Q $ .
We have applied this technique to stimulated Raman scattering in liquid methanol .	A simple model of two-mode stimulated Raman scattering is consistent with the results .
In the discussed scheme , a photon is bouncing back and forth between two perfect mirrors , each time passing a polarization rotator .	The horizontal and vertical polarizations can be viewed as analogs of an excited and a ground state of a two level system ( TLS ) .
This paper introduces a reaction-diffusion-chemotaxis model for bacterial aggregation patterns on the surface of thin agar plates .	It is based on the non-linear degenerate cross diffusion model proposed by Kawasaki et al. ( J . of Theor.Biol .
It is observed that for electron recoils T0 rises slowly with energy , having a value ~ 30 ns at Eee ~ 15 keV .	Electron and nuclear recoil pulse-shapes are found to be well fitted by single exponential functions although some evidence is found for a double exponential form for the nuclear recoil pulse-shape .
The wealth of molecular lines in this source and the very high spectral resolution offered by ALMA allow us to study the gas kinematics with unprecedented detail .	Results : We present the first detection of an inverse P-Cygni profile towards source B in the three brightest lines .
A recent experiment [ Deng et al. , Nature 398 , 218 ( 1999 ) ] demonstrated four-wave mixing of matter wavepackets created from a Bose-Einstein condensate .	The experiment utilized light pulses to create two high-momentum wavepackets via Bragg diffraction from a stationary Bose-Einstein condensate .
To our knowledge , this is the first observation of ? \k { appa } spin in 1D AF Ising-like spin systems .	It has been found that the magnitude of ? \k { appa } spin in ACoX3 is a little smaller than those in 1D AF Heisenberg spin systems .
This suggests comparable galaxy masses for the parent populations of GRB-DLAs and QSO-DLAs and we infer the average dark matter halo mass of GRB galaxies is & lt ; ~10^ { 12 } Msol .	The unique configuration of GRB-DLA sightlines and the presence ( and absence ) of fine-structure absorption together give special insight into the nature of high z , protogalactic velocity fields .
We consider the interaction of a slowly rotating unmagnetized neutron star with a hot ( ion supported , ADAF ) accretion flow .	The virialized protons of the ADAF penetrate into the neutron star atmosphere , heating a surface layer .
Recently , sum rules were derived for the inverse eigenvalues of the Dirac operator .	They were obtained in two different ways : i ) starting from the low-energy effective Lagrangian and ii ) starting from a random matrix theory with the symmetries of the Dirac operator .
For Si ( 111 ) sqrt3xsqrt3-Ag the Fermi surface consists of small electron pockets populated by electrons from a few percent excess Ag .	For Si ( 111 ) sqrt21xsqrt21- ( Ag+Au ) the added Au forms a new , metallic band .
The orbits can escape through the necks around the Lagrangian points $ L_1 $ and $ L_2 $ or collide with the surface of the Titan .	We explore all the four possible Hill 's regions depending on the value of the Jacobi constant .
In contrast to the case of Bianchi Type Models we , here , permit an isometry group of motions $ G_ { 4 } =SO ( 3 ) \otimes T_ { r } $ , where $ T_ { r } $ is the translations group , along the radial direction , while SO ( 3 ) acts multiply transitively on each hypersurface of simultaneity $ \Sigma_ { t } $ .	The basis 1-forms , can not be invariant under the action of the entire isometry group and hence produce an Open Lie Algebra .
The models are studied using the tools of computational complexity theory from the perspective of parallel computation .	Diffusion limited aggregation and several widely used algorithms for equilibrating the Ising model are shown to be highly sequential ; it is unlikely they can be simulated efficiently in parallel .
331 , ( 2014 ) , have an operational interpretation in the strong converse problem of quantum hypothesis testing .	Together with related results for the direct part of quantum hypothesis testing , known as the quantum Hoeffding bound , our result suggests that the operationally relevant definition of the quantum Renyi relative entropies depends on the parameter \alpha : for \alpha & lt ; 1 , the right choice seems to be the traditional definition , whereas for \alpha & gt ; 1 the right choice is the newly introduced version .
The spectrum of the gas stream is clearly distinct from the disc spectrum in the intermediate and outer disc regions , suggesting the occurrence of gas stream overflow .	The full width half maximum of C IV is approximately constant with radius , in contrast to the expected $ v\propto { R^ { -1/2 } } $ law for a gas in Keplerian orbits .
Two new constructions are presented for coils and snakes in the hypercube .	Improvements are made on the best known results for snake-in-the-box coils of dimensions 9 , 10 and 11 , and for some other circuit codes of dimensions between 8 and 13 .
Such settings are often encountered in statistical simulations .	We consider two specific examples .
First results are presented from BNL experiment E910 on pion production and stopping in proton-Be , Cu , and Au collisions at a beam momentum of 18 GeV/c .	We characterize the centrality of the collisions using the measured number of `` grey '' tracks , Ngrey , and a derived quantity , nu , the number of inelastic nucleon-nucleon scatterings suffered by the projectile during the collision .
With the expected sensitivity , it will allow us to detect polarization or place a tight upper limit for about 10 pulsars and 20 blazars .	In addition to measuring magnetic structures in these objects , LAMP will also enable us to discover bare quark stars if they exist , whose thermal emission is expected to be zero polarized , while the thermal emission from neutron stars is believed to be highly polarized due to plasma polarization and the quantum electrodynamics ( QED ) effect .
We find that the young Orion stars in this sample of 10 stars are described by a single oxygen abundance with an average value of A ( O ) =8.78 and a small dispersion of +/- 0.05 dex , which is of the order of the uncertainties in the analysis .	This average oxygen abundance compares well with the average oxygen abundance obtained previously in Cunha & amp ; Lambert ( 1994 ) : A ( O ) = 8.72 +/- 0.13 although this earlier study , based upon non-blanketed model atmospheres in LTE , displayed larger scatter .
An N-body code is employed that is linked to a viscous gas disk algorithm capable of simulating : gas loss via accretion onto the central star and photoevaporation ; gap formation by the giant planet ; type II migration of the giant ; optional type I migration of protoplanets ; gas drag on planetesimals .	We find that most of the inner system planetary building blocks survive the passage of the giant planet , either by being shepherded inward or scattered into exterior orbits .
The contributions of the new particles predicted by this model to these rare decay processes are evaluated .	We find that the values of their branching ratios are larger than the standard model predictions by one order of magnitude in wide range of the parameter space .
The scaling in both cases is $ O ( \Delta^2 ) $ , where $ \Delta $ is the tunneling splitting .	An important consequence is that QMC simulations can be used to predict the performance of a quantum annealer for tunneling through a barrier .
In order to establish the Kelmans-Seymour conjecture for all graphs , we need to consider 5-separations and 6-separations with less restrictive structures .	The goal of this paper is to deal with special 5-separations and 6-separations , including those with an apex side .
Short Messaging Service ( SMS ) is a text messaging service for mobile/smart phone and this service is frequently used by all mobile users .	Because of the popularity of SMS service , marketing companies nowadays are also using this service for direct marketing also known as SMS marketing.In this paper , we have proposed Ontology based SMS Controller which analyze the text message and classify it using ontology aslegitimate or spam .
The phase space coordinates of individual halo stars obtained by Galactic surveys enable the computation of their full 3-dimensional orbits .	Spectral analysis of halo orbits can be used to construct `` frequency maps '' which provide a compact representation of the 6-dimensional phase space distribution function .
This paper presents a method for verifying linearisability that does not require identification of linearisation points in the concrete code .	Instead , we show that the concrete program is a refinement of some coarse-grained abstraction .
Then , we consider the limit when the cache size and the arrival rate go to infinity proportionally , and use the integral formula to derive an asymptotic expansion of the miss probability in powers of the inverse of the cache size .	This enables us to quantify and improve the accuracy of the so-called Che approximation .
Feedback-driven outflows/inflows drive significant radial stellar migration over both short and long timescales via two processes : ( 1 ) outflowing/infalling gas can remain star-forming , producing young stars that migrate $ \sim1 { \rm\ , kpc } $ within their first $ 100 { \rm\ , Myr } $ , and ( 2 ) gas outflows/inflows drive strong fluctuations in the global potential , transferring energy to all stars .	These processes produce several dramatic effects .
The dark matter annihilation rate at small relative velocities can be amplified by a large boost factor using various mechanisms , including Sommerfeld enhancement , resonance enhancement , and Breit-Wigner enhancement .	These mechanisms all involve a resonance near the threshold for a pair of dark matter particles .
We revisit the excursion set approach to calculate void abundances in chameleon-type modified gravity theories , which was previously studied by Clampitt , Cai and Li ( 2013 ) .	We focus on properly accounting for the void-in-cloud effect , i.e. , the growth of those voids sitting in over-dense regions may be restricted by the evolution of their surroundings .
From the volume derivative of the grand potential functional of linear theory we obtain two novel expressions for the osmotic pressure in terms of the potential- or ion-profiles , neither of which coincides with the expression known from nonlinear PB theory , namely , the density of microions at the cell boundary .	We show that the range of validity of linearization depends strongly on the linearization point and proof that expansion about the selfconsistently determined average potential is optimal in several respects .
An important `` observable '' of planar N=4 SYM theory is the scaling function f ( lambda ) that appears in the anomalous dimension of large spin twist 2 operators and also in the cusp anomaly of light-like Wilson loops .	The non-trivial relation between the anomalous dimension and the Wilson interpretations of f ( lambda ) is well-understood on the perturbative gauge theory side of the AdS/CFT duality .
Observations were carried out in March 1997 and October 1998 , catching the source during a high and a low emission state , respectively .	Correspondingly , the X-ray luminosity is found at a level of 4.2x10^37 erg/s and 1.5x10^36 erg/s in the two states .
The new technique of transforming the study of solutions of the Klein-Gordon problem on a space with variable geometry into solution of a one-dimensional stationary Schr\ '' odinger-type equation with potential generated by this variation is useful .	We draw the following conclusions : ( 1 ) The signal related to the degree of freedom specific to the higher-dimensional part does not penetrate into the smaller-dimensional part because of an inertial force inevitably arising in the transition region ( this is the centrifugal force in our models ) .
Here we show that , in contrast to this canonical situation , there can be quantum oscillations even for band insulators of certain types .	We provide simple analytic formulas describing the temperature dependence of the quantum oscillations in this setting , showing strong deviations from LK theory .
This implies the existence of an inverse effect , in which the conductivity in such structures should depend on the magnetization orientation .	In this work , we report a systematic study of the magnetoresistance ( MR ) of the W/CoFeB/MgO structures and its correlation to the current-induced torque to the magnetization .
This measurement shows that grain boundaries are not completely wet by the liquid phase , in agreement with recent Monte Carlo simulations .	Depending on the value of $ \theta $ , the contact line of a grain boundary with a solid wall may be wet by the liquid .
We suggest a way to construct some related twisted varieties looking like orbits of semisimple elements in sl ( n ) ^* .	We consider in detail a particular case of such `` twisted orbits '' , namely the twisted non-quasiclassical hyperboloid and we define the twisted Casimir operator on it .
In this paper , we present the latest results on the measurement of the Boltzmann constant kB , by laser spectroscopy of ammonia at 10 ? m .	The Doppler absorption profile of a ro-vibrational line of an NH3 gas sample at thermal and pressure equilibrium is measured as accurately as possible .
Negative and positive transcriptional feedback loops are present in natural and synthetic genetic oscillators .	A single gene with negative transcriptional feedback needs a time delay and sufficiently strong nonlinearity in the transmission of the feedback signal in order to produce biochemical rhythms .
The fuzzball proposal states that associated with a black hole of entropy S there are exp S horizon-free non-singular solutions that asymptotically look like the black hole but generically differ from the black hole up to the horizon scale .	These solutions , the fuzzballs , are considered to be the black hole microstates while the original black hole represents the average description of the system .
Our analysis therefore extends from the atmospheric cut-off at lambda_obs=0.35um out to lambda_obs=5um with Spitzer/IRAC .	The z=10 galaxy is not detected in any of these data , including an independent reduction of Pello et al .
A wealth of high-energy time-domain data already exists , and indicates variability on timescales ranging from microseconds to years in a wide variety of objects , including numerous classes of AGN , high-energy phenomena at the Galactic centre , Galactic and extra-Galactic X-ray binaries , supernovae , gamma-ray bursts , stellar flares , tidal disruption flares , and as-yet unknown X-ray variables .	This workshop explored the potential of strategic X-ray surveys to probe a broad range of astrophysical sources and phenomena .
Such an event can be viewed as the final step in a multi-stage model of carcinogenesis .	This offers a possible explanation for the peculiar epidemiology of lung cancer in ex-smokers .
However , to those who have lost their arms and hands due to accident or war , touching becomes a serious concern that often leads to psychosocial issues and social stigma .	In this paper , we demonstrate that the touch from a warm and soft rubber hand can be perceived by another person as if the touch were coming from a human hand .
We find that the sense of rotation of a domain wall spiral is reversed when the Ta underlayer is doped with nitrogen in Ta|CoFeB|MgO heterostructures .	The spin Hall angle of the Ta and nitrogen doped Ta underlayers carry the same sign , suggesting that the sign of the DMI is defined at the interface .
QMAP was a balloon-borne telescope that flew twice in 1996 , collecting data on degree angular scales with an array of six high electron mobility transistor-based amplifiers ( HEMTs ) .	QMAP was the first experiment to use an interlocking scan strategy to directly produce high signal-to-noise CMB maps .
The rms-flux relation is obvious only in the quiescent data .	However , while the collection of all outburst data do not show this variability , every individual outburst does show it in the majority of cases keeping the rms value approximately in the same interval .
Models of dynamic networks -- - networks that evolve over time -- - have manifold applications .	We develop a discrete-time generative model for social network evolution that inherits the richness and flexibility of the class of exponential-family random graph models .
We study graded symmetric algebras , which are the symmetric monoids in the monoidal category of vector spaces graded by a group .	We show that a finite dimensional graded division algebra whose dimension is not divisible by the characteristic of the base field is graded symmetric .
Such a theory is amenable to a conserving approximation in which the constraints have vanishing correlators and decouple from physical response functions .	Properties of the incompressible fractions are explored in this conserving approximation , including the magnetoexciton dispersions and the evolution of the small- $ q $ structure factor as $ \nu\to\half $ .
We present Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope HI 21cm absorption observations , of candidate and confirmed damped Lyman- $ \alpha $ systems ( DLAS ) .	The derived spin temperatures ( T_s ) are in all cases $ \sim 1000 $ K or higher .
Under imposing a softly broken discrete symmetry , there are four independent types of Yukawa interactions in THDMs .	In this review , we briefly summarize bounds from current experimental data on THDMs and implications at future collider experiments .
Nanorings asymmetrically connected to wires show different kinds of quantum interference phenomena under sudden excitations and in steady current conditions .	Here we contrast the transient current caused by an abrupt bias to the magnetic effects at constant current .
For $ i & gt ; 1 $ , pick a point to be the $ i^ { th } $ center with probability proportional to the square of the Euclidean distance of this point to the closest previously $ ( i-1 ) $ chosen centers .	The k-means++ seeding algorithm is not only simple and fast but also gives an $ O ( \log { k } ) $ approximation in expectation as shown by Arthur and Vassilvitskii .
In this paper , we develop a decentralized algorithm for the consensus optimization problem $ $ \min\limits_ { x\in\mathbb { R } ^p } ~\bar { f } ( x ) =\frac { 1 } { n } \sum\limits_ { i=1 } ^n f_i ( x ) , $ $ which is defined over a connected network of $ n $ agents , where each function $ f_i $ is held privately by agent $ i $ and encodes the agent 's data and objective .	All the agents shall collaboratively find the minimizer while each agent can only communicate with its neighbors .
The concept relies on the recent results in auditory neuroscience showing a possibility to differentiate early anterior contralateral responses to attended spatial sources .	Contemporary stimuli-driven BCI paradigms benefit mostly from the P300 ERP latencies in so called `` aha-response '' settings .
The surface of a binary mixture of Bose-Einstein condensates can undergo a first-order wetting phase transition upon varying the interparticle interactions , using , e.g. , Feshbach resonances .	Interesting ultralow-temperature effects shape the wetting phase diagram .
We prove that $ m^* ( n ) =\Omega ( 4^n/\ln^2 ( n ) ) $ .	Our result generalizes to $ r $ -coloring of $ b $ -simple uniform hypergraphs .
By the decoding model , Young and Helmholtz 's tri-pigment theory and Hering 's opponent theory are unified more naturally ; opponent process , color evolution , and color blindness are illustrated more concisely .	According to the decoding model , we can obtain a transform from RGB system to HSV system , which is formally identical to the popular transform for computer graphics provided by Smith ( 1978 ) .
Given a degenerate $ ( n+1 ) $ -simplex in a $ d $ -dimensional space $ M^d $ ( Euclidean , spherical or hyperbolic space , and $ d\geq n $ ) , for each $ k $ , $ 1\leq k\leq n $ , Radon 's theorem induces a partition of the $ k $ -faces into two sets .	We prove that under any sufficiently small continuous motion in $ M^n $ , if the volumes of the $ k $ -faces in one set are constrained not to decrease while in the other set not to increase , then the motion preserves the volumes of all the $ k $ -faces ; and this property still holds in $ M^d $ for $ d\geq n+1 $ if an invariant $ c_ { k-1 } $ of the degenerate simplex has the desired sign .
More specifically , relying on the martingale central limit theorem , this result is established , covering the situation in which the arrival rates are sped up by a factor $ N $ and the transition rates of the background process by $ N^\alpha $ , for some $ \alpha & gt ; 0 $ .	The results reveal an interesting dichotomy , with crucially different behavior for $ \alpha & gt ; 1 $ and $ \alpha & lt ; 1 $ , respectively .
Using the new and well-calibrated mass-loss formula of Schroder & amp ; Cuntz ( 2005 , 2007 ) , we find that the mass lost by the Sun as an RGB giant ( 0.332 M_Sun , 7.59 Gy from now ) potentially gives planet Earth a significant orbital expansion , inversely proportional to the remaining solar mass .	According to these solar evolution models , the closest encounter of planet Earth with the solar cool giant photosphere will occur during the tip-RGB phase .
These findings of increased currents restricted in localized ribbons are consistent with the overall free energy decrease during a flare , and the shape of these ribbons also give an indication on how much twisted the erupting flux rope is .	Finally , this study further enhances the close correspondence obtained between the theoretical predictions of the standard 3D model and flare observations indicating that the main key physical elements are incorporated in the model .
Although the lepton and c quark couplings agree well with Standard Model predictions , those of the b quark show deviations of more than three standard deviations .	The effect is mainly in the right-handed b quark coupling , the left-handed coupling being consistent ( at the 2 $ \sigma $ level ) with the Standard Model prediction .
We give exact characterizations of the computational complexity of 0CFA , the $ k $ CFA hierarchy , and related analyses .	In each case , we precisely capture both the expressiveness and feasibility of the analysis , identifying the elements responsible for the trade-off .
The VERITAS array of Cherenkov telescopes has carried out a deep observational program on the nearby dwarf spheroidal galaxy Segue 1 .	We report on the results of nearly 48 hours of good quality selected data , taken between January 2010 and May 2011 .
The $ \mathbb { C } P^N $ extended Skyrme-Faddeev model possesses planar soliton solutions .	We consider quantum aspects of the solutions applying collective coordinate quantization in regime of rigid body approximation .
Moreover we show that for densities $ \frac { 1 } { 4 } & lt ; d & lt ; \frac { 1 } { 3 } $ a random group in the square model does not have Property ( T ) .	Inspired by the results for the triangular model we prove that for densities $ & lt ; \frac { 1 } { 4 } $ in the square model , a random group is free with overwhelming probability .
$ S $ vanishes when a link in the moose chain is cut .	As a consequence one has to introduce a dynamical non local field connecting the two ends of the moose .
We use the statistics of regions above or below a temperature threshold ( excursion sets ) to study the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) anisotropy in models with primordial non-Gaussianity of the local type .	By computing the full-sky spatial distribution and clustering of pixels above/below threshold from a large set of simulated maps with different levels of non-Gaussianity , we find that a positive value of the dimensionless non-linearity parameter f_NL enhances the number density of the cold CMB excursion sets along with their clustering strength , and reduces that of the hot ones .
We consider general single-site spaces and kernels that are absolutely continuous with respect to a chosen product measure ( free measure ) .	Under a natural order-consistency assumption and weak non-nullness requirements we show existence and uniqueness of the specification extending the given singleton part .
We conjecture that these multiplicities are equal to the number of certain pattern avoiding permutations .	We prove that the conjecture holds for $ k=2 $ and give computational evidence for the validity of this conjecture for $ k & gt ; 2 $ .
We estimate the accretion rate of gas associated with their hot coronae by analyzing archival Chandra data , to derive the deprojected density and temperature profiles in a spherical approximation .	Measuring the jet power from the nuclear radio-luminosity , we find that the accretion power correlates linearly with the jet power , with an efficiency of conversion from rest mass into jet power of ~0.012 .
How to measure the complexity of a finite set of vectors embedded in a multidimensional space ?	This is a non-trivial question which can be approached in many different ways .
As an application of this scenario we take advantage of the fact that the decoupling evidently not obeys 2-3 generation exchange symmetry .	In the neutrino sector , this 2-3 symmetry ( or mu-tau symmetry ) is a useful Ansatz to generate zero theta_ { 13 } and maximal theta_ { 23 } .
For each natural number $ r $ , the $ r $ -neighbour bootstrap process is an update rule for vertices of a graph in one of two states : `infected ' or `healthy ' .	In consecutive rounds , each healthy vertex with at least $ r $ infected neighbours becomes itself infected .
We show that this provides a new perspective on the use of doubly-infinite or semi-infinite time axes for signal spaces in control theory .	We then focus on the implication of this time asymmetry in modeling uncertainty , regulation and robust control .
More generally : what is the minimum number MCC ( f_1 , f_2 ) of pathcomponents of the coincidence space of maps f'_1 , f'_2 where f'_i is homotopic to f_i , i = 1 , 2 ?	Approaching this question via normal bordism theory we define a lower bound N ( f_1 , f_2 ) which generalizes the Nielsen number studied in classical fixed point and coincidence theory ( where m = n ) .
Starting from the discrete model of interacting point-like vortices it was possible to write a Lagrangian in terms of a matter function and a gauge potential .	They provide a dual representation of the same physical object , the vorticity .
In this paper , we first implement and compare three GPS signal processing schemes : a Kalman filter , a neural network and a Wiener filter and compare them in terms of precision and the processing time .	To further reduce the processing time of Wiener filter , we propose parallel and reduced-length implementations .
This separation allows an analysis which can determine the temperatures of electron neutrinos and electron anti-neutrinos from a supernova in one experiment .	The neutrino reaction signatures of lead perchlorate and the fundamentals of using this material as a neutrino detector are described .
The spin-spin correlation function decays exponentially , and the gapped states have a nonvanishing string order , which measures a hidden symmetry in the system .	By a dual transformation , the string order is transformed into a ferromagnetic order and the hidden symmetry is unveiled to be a $ Z_ { 2 } \times Z_ { 2 } $ discrete symmetry , which is fully broken in the gapped states .
A variational approach is employed to find stationary solutions to a free boundary problem modeling an idealized electrostatically actuated MEMS device made of an elastic plate coated with a thin dielectric film and suspended above a rigid ground plate .	The model couples a non-local fourth-order equation for the elastic plate deflection to the harmonic electrostatic potential in the free domain between the elastic and the ground plate .
In this paper , we use a reaction-based reduction technique to analyze the chemistry of H2 in these conditions , allowing us to identify the key chemical reactions that are responsible for determining the value of $ J_ { \rm crit } $ .	We construct a reduced network of 26 reactions that allows us to determine $ J_ { \rm crit } $ accurately , and compare it with previous treatments in the literature .
Corrections coming from gauge fluxes fail to generate the required couplings , and naively the same applies to instanton effects .	We nevertheless revisit the effect of instantons in F-theory GUT constructions and find that contributions previously ignored in the literature induce the leading non-perturbative corrections to the Yukawa couplings .
For cases with multiple instruments we propose a class of unbiased estimators and show that an estimator within this class is efficient when the instruments are strong .	We show numerically that unbiasedness does not come at a cost of increased dispersion in models with a single instrument : in this case the unbiased estimator is less dispersed than the 2SLS estimator .
The purpose of this paper is to show that any KdV solution leads effectively to a solution of the q-approximation of KdV .	Two different q-KdV approximations were proposed , one by Frenkel and a variation by Khesin et al .
Concentrating on the energy and geometry dependence of the corresponding correlation functions we find that the two-gluon correlator is a much slower function of the center-of-mass energy than the one- and two-gluon production cross sections .	The geometry dependence of the correlation function leads to stronger azimuthal near- and away-side correlations in the tip-on-tip U+U collisions than in the side-on-side U+U collisions , an exactly opposite behavior from the correlations generated by the elliptic flow of the quark-gluon plasma : a study of azimuthal correlations in the U+U collisions may thus help to disentangle the two sources of correlations .
Our main interest concerns the analysis of the model in the presence of Dirac monopoles , so that the Bianchi identity no longer holds , which naively yields the non-conservation of electric charge .	Since gauge symmetry is respected , the issue of charge conservation is more involved .
Specifically , the approach allows us to account for independence from propositional connectives in the same spirit as the traditional IF logic accounts for independence from quantifiers .	Japaridze 's treatment of IF logic , however , was purely semantical , and no deductive system was proposed .
This is in contrast to previous algorithms that use a functional norm to measure the size of gradients , which is independent from the data samples .	We also establish a generalization error bound of the learned sparse kernel classifier using the technique of local Rademacher complexity .
as well as with some numerical work ) , we find that $ \sigma_ { xx } $ is reduced by a factor $ ( 1+g/2\pi ) ^ { -1 } $ , at least for small $ g $ .	This provides some theoretical evidence for the non-universality of $ \sigma_ { xx } $ , as observed in a number of experiments .
The geodesic center of $ P $ is the unique point in $ P $ that minimizes the largest geodesic distance to all other points of $ P $ .	In 1989 , Pollack , Sharir and Rote [ Disc.\ & amp ; Comput.Geom .
Then we concentrate on the case n=3 and apply McDuff 's method of probes to show that `` most '' of the generic Gelfand-Tsetlin fibers are displaceable .	`` Most '' means `` all but one '' in the non-monotone case , and means `` all but a 1-parameter family '' in the monotone case .
The general nonlinear equations for Curie temperature of multi-surface ferroelectric films with arbitrary exchange constants and transverse fields are derived by the transfer matrix method .	As an example , we consider a film consisting of top surface layers , bulk layers and bottom surface layers .
This is important for coherent control of quantum systems such as quantum computers .	For bounded-strength , non-Markovian environments , such as for the spin-bath that arises in electron- and nuclear-spin based solid-state quantum computer proposals , we show that it is strictly advantageous to use concatenated , as opposed to standard periodic dynamical decoupling pulse sequences .
The numerical results of the present paper give support for the ideas on quasi-integrability , and it is found that extremely long-lived breather configurations satisfy these parity properties .	We also report on a mechanism , particular to the theory studied here , that favours the existence of long lived breathers even in cases of significant deformations of the sine-Gordon potential .
The scattered star-forming regions tend to be long-lived and migrate slowly .	Older populations have a spatially more extended and regular distribution .
The target for this study was the star Gliese 581 , thought to have two planets within its habitable zone .	On 2007 June 19 , Gliese 581 was observed for 8 hours at 1230-1544 with the Australian Long Baseline Array .
In this note , by duality transformations and the 4D-5D connection , we relate this 5D small black ring to a 4D small non-rotating black hole , where the latter is known to develop a non-vanishing horizon due to stringy R^2 corrections to the supergravity action .	This gives an indirect evidence that a non-vanishing horizon is formed for the 5D small black ring .
It is a disease that is now endemic in more than one hundred countries of Africa , America , Asia , and the Western Pacific .	In this paper , we present a mathematical model for the dengue disease transmission described by a system of ordinary differential equations and propose a multiobjective approach to find the most effective ways of controlling the disease .
For KdV and Harry Dym equations we find an infinite hierarchy of such symmetry transformations , and we investigate their relation with local conservation laws , constants of the motion and the bi-Hamiltonian structure of the equations .	Applying successive gauge transformatinos of Miura type we obtain a sequence of gauge equivalent integrable systems , among them the modified KdV and Calogero KdV equations .
We propose a maximum pseudolikelihood ( MPL ) estimation approach to overcome the product problem .	The MPL estimator is proved to be consistent and can be computed via an MM ( minorization -- maximization ) algorithm .
This is in agreement with the results of first-principles DFT calculations implying methyl group hyperconjugation in the TMTSF molecule .	In this low temperature regime , both materials exhibit for rc a temperature dependence aT + bT^2 .
For long-term simulations with high efficiency , explicit symplectic algorithms are desirable .	However , it is widely accepted that explicit symplectic algorithms are only available for sum-separable Hamiltonians , and that this restriction severely limits the application of explicit symplectic algorithms to charged particle dynamics .
For $ d_\U & gt ; 1 $ , even if $ \rho_\U ( T_D ) $ at a high decoupling temperature $ T_D $ is very small , it is possible to have a large relic density $ \rho_\U ( T^0_\gamma ) $ at present photon temperature $ T^0_\gamma $ , large enough to play the role of dark matter .	We calculate $ T_D $ and $ \rho_\U ( T^0_\gamma ) $ using photon-unparticle interactions for illustration .
Assuming a primary mass of M1=0.08M_ { \sun } ( based on spectral type ) , we estimate the secondary minimum mass to be M2 sin ( i ) =0.054 M_ { \sun } .	With future photometric , spectroscopic , and interferometric observations it may be possible to determine the dynamical masses of both components directly , making this system one of the best characterized UCD binaries known .
We propose a new image-space observer that exploits the image-space velocity information contained in the unknown kinematics , upon which , we design an adaptive controller without using the image-space velocity signal where the adaptations of the depth-rate-independent kinematic parameter and depth parameter are driven by both the image-space tracking errors and observation errors .	The major superiority of the proposed observer-based adaptive controller lies in its simplicity and the separation of the handling of multiple uncertainties in visually servoed robotic systems , thus avoiding the overparametrization problem of the existing work .
We provide an overview of the major theoretical advances as well as the main trends in algorithmic developments in the area of sparsity-aware learning and compressed sensing .	Both batch processing and online processing techniques are considered .
The challenge is to establish an overarching physical theory of neutron stars and their birth properties that can explain this great diversity .	Here I survey the disparate neutron stars classes , describe their properties , and highlight results made possible by the Chandra X-ray Observatory , in celebration of its tenth anniversary .
Further , the existence of infinitely many exact shell solitons is explained using the generalized integrability approach .	Finally , similar models allowing for non-topological compactons of the ball type in 3+1 dimensions are briefly discussed .
A longstanding conjecture due to Bollob\'as and Eldridge and , independently , Catlin , asserts that , if $ ( \Delta_1 ( G ) +1 ) ( \Delta_2 ( G ) +1 ) \le n+1 $ , then $ G_1 $ and $ G_2 $ pack .	We consider the validity of this assertion under the additional assumption that $ G_1 $ or $ G_2 $ has bounded codegree .
Let A be a class of objects , equipped with an integer size such that for all n the number a ( n ) of objects of size n is finite .	We are interested in the case where the generating fucntion sum_n a ( n ) t^n is rational , or more generally algebraic .
The only way to avoid this is to have detection efficiencies that are above a certain threshold .	We introduce the intermediate assumption of limited detection efficiency , that is , in each run of the experiment , the overall detection efficiency is lower bounded by $ \eta_ { min } & gt ; 0 $ .
In the present work we establish the theoretical framework of local symmetries for higher-dimensional interacting many-body systems .	Based on the Bogoliubov-Born-Green-Kirkwood-Yvon ( BBGKY ) hierarchy we derive the equations of motion of local symmetry correlators which are off-diagonal elements of the reduced one-body density matrix at symmetry related positions .
Persistent homology is at the base of topological data analysis , which aims at extracting topological features out of a set of points .	We use these techniques to investigate the topological properties which characterize the spectra of several supersymmetric models in field and string theory .
The interface develops an arc-shaped ridge near the rear-half rim with a protrusion in the rear and a laterally symmetric pair of higher peaks ; this pair of protrusions has been identified by the recent experiments ( Huerre et al .	2015 ) and predicted asymptotically ( Burgess & amp ; Foster 1990 ) .
We use the Copernicus Complexio ( COCO ) high resolution $ N $ -body simulations to investigate differences in the properties of small-scale structures in the standard cold dark matter ( CDM ) model and in a model with a cutoff in the initial power spectrum of density fluctuations consistent with both a thermally produced warm dark matter ( WDM ) particle or a sterile neutrino with mass 7 keV and leptogenesis parameter $ L_6=8.7 $ .	The latter corresponds to the `` coldest '' model with this sterile neutrino mass compatible with the identification of the recently detected 3.5 keV X-ray line as resulting from particle decay .
Gamma-ray lines from dark matter annihilation ( $ \chi\chi\to \gamma X $ , where $ X=\gamma , h , Z $ ) are always accompanied , at lower energies , by a continuum gamma-ray spectrum stemming both from radiative corrections ( $ X=\gamma $ ) and from the decay debris of the second particle possibly present in the final state ( $ X=h , Z $ ) .	This model-independent gamma-ray emission can be exploited to derive novel limits on gamma-ray lines that do not rely on the line-feature .
We have studied the pinning force density Fp of YNi_2B_2C superconductors for various field orientations .	We observe anisotropies both between the c-axis and the basal plane and within the plane , that can not be explained by usual mass anisotropy .
The mixed sampling ( sensing ) procedure hybridizes adaptive edge measurements extracted from a low-resolution image with uniform random measurements predefined for the high-resolution image to be recovered .	The mixed sensing matrix seamlessly captures important information of an image , and meanwhile approximately satisfies the restricted isometry property .
We find that the sum of the orbital plus gluon field angular momentum should satisfy the angular momentum commutators , at least up to the one-loop level .	This requirement on the sum of these operators imposes a nontrivial restriction on the form of the color electric and magnetic fields .
We use this apparatus to demonstrate frequency control of a near-infrared laser , where a frequency instability below $ 3 { \times } 10^ { -10 } $ from 1 s to 2000 s is achieved .	Such performance is for example adequate for ions trapping and atoms cooling experiments .
Comparing the stellar content of B1 with the initial mass function derived from the analysis of galactic OB associations , we estimate the number of supernova explosions and find that about 20 supernovae must have occurred during the past ~ 10 - 20 million years , which is suggested to be the age of the Local Bubble ; the age of the star cluster is about ~ 20 - 30 million years .	For the first time , this provides strong evidence that the Local Bubble must have been created and shaped by multi-supernova explosions and presumably been reheated more than 1 million years ago , consistent with recent findings of an excess of 60Fe in a deep ocean ferromanganese crust .
Expected to start data taking in 2015 , CUORE is currently in an advanced construction phase at LNGS .	CUORE projected neutrinoless double beta decay half-life sensitivity is 1.6E26 y at 1 sigma ( 9.5E25 y at the 90 % confidence level ) , in five years of live time , corresponding to an upper limit on the effective Majorana mass in the range 40-100 meV ( 50-130 meV ) .
We study , both classically and quantum-mechanically , the problem of a neutral particle with spin S , mass m and magnetic moment mue , moving in two-dimensions in an inhomogeneous magnetic field given by B_x=B'*x ; B_y=-B'*y ; B_z=B ; We identify K , the ratio between the precessional frequency of the particle and its vibration frequency , as the relevant parameter of the problem .	Classicaly , we find that when the magnetic moment is antiparallel to B , the particle is trapped provided that K & lt ; sqrt { 4/27 } .
We report on a quantitative investigation into the effect of size and distribution of rod-shaped \beta ' precipitates on strength and ductility of a Mg-Zn alloy .	Despite precipitation strengthening being crucial for the practical application of magnesium alloys this study represents the first systematic examination of the effect of controlled deformation on the precipitate size distribution and the resulting strength and ductility of a magnesium alloy .
The most general solutions which we found consist of three families corresponding to each diagonal solutions .	One family of solutions depends on two arbitrary parameters .
In this work we evaluate the geometric Hall current directly from the electronic ground state with disorder , and then recast it as an integral over the crystalline Brillouin zone .	The integrand is a generalized k-space Berry curvature , obtained by unfolding the Berry curvature from the small Brillouin zone of a large supercell .
The measured particle multiplicity ratios ( pi+/p , pi-/pi+ , d/p , K+/pi+ and K+/K- but not eta/pi0 ) in central Au-Au and Ni-Ni collisions at 0.8 -- 2.0 A.GeV are also explained in the context of a thermal model with a common freeze-out temperature and chemical potential .	Including the concept of collective flow a consistent picture of particle energy distributions is derived with the flow velocity being strongly impact-parameter dependent .
These techniques constitute a good asset in bioinformatics if there exist efficient methods for transforming biological data into graphs .	In this paper , we present Protein Graph Repository ( PGR ) , a novel database of protein 3D-structures transformed into graphs allowing the use of the large repertoire of graph theory techniques in protein mining .
Amplitudes of medium-induced gluon emission and parton self-energy diagrams are evaluated in the soft gluon limit in the BDMPS formalism .	We find both the double-logarithmic correction from incoherent scattering , which is parametrically the same as that in single scattering , and the logarithmic correction from the LPM effect .
Direct ( but unresolved ) detection of an extrasolar planet , or the establishment of useful upper limits , may be possible because a small but significant fraction of the total energy received by the planet is re-radiated in a few narrow lines of H $ _3^+ $ within which the flux from the star is limited .	We present the observing strategy and results of our search for emission from the Q ( 1,0 ) transition of H $ _3^+ $ ( 3.953~ $ \mu $ m ) from extrasolar planets orbiting six late-type dwarfs using CSHELL , the high-resolution echelle spectrograph on NASA 's Infrared Telescope Facility ( IRTF ) .
Technically we work in the theory of operads which permits us to give a conceptual proof of our main theorem .	It unifies several results , generalizing PBW and CMM , scattered in the literature .
Nonlinear charge transport in strongly coupled semiconductor superlattices is described by Wigner-Poisson kinetic equations involving one or two minibands .	Electron-electron collisions are treated within the Hartree approximation whereas other inelastic collisions are described by a modified BGK ( Bhatnaghar-Gross-Krook ) model .
We estimate the progenitor 's mass-loss rate at ( 4 ~ 10 ) * 10^-5 Msol/yr ( for v_w = 10 km/s ) .	Two bright spots are seen in the images .
Consider the subshift ( X , T ) , where X is the shift orbit closure of f^\omega ( \alpha ) and T : X -- & gt ; X is the shift map .	Let S be a finite alphabet that is in bijective correspondence via a mapping c with the set of nonempty suffixes of the images f ( a ) for a in A .
We report on the structural , electronic and vibrational properties of the Ga $ _ { 1-x } $ In $ _x $ N alloy using virtual crystal approximation ( VCA ) from first-principles .	A band gap bowing parameter of 3.85 eV is obtained with the TB09 functional .
For improved performance of binary Low Density Parity Check ( LDPC ) codes , we need to have the minimum distance grow fast with n , the codelength .	However , the best we can hope for is a linear growth in dmin with n. For binary LDPC codes , the necessary and sufficient conditions on the LDPC ensemble parameters , to ensure linear growth of minimum distance is well established .
The RICH detector allows measurements of particle 's electric charge up to iron , and particle 's velocity .	Two possible methods for reconstructing the Cherenkov angle and the electric charge with the RICH will be discussed .
Moreover , for $ \Vert\phi\Vert & lt ; 1 $ these representations are unitarily equivalent to the Fock representation ( obtained for $ \phi=0 $ ) .	On the other hand representations obtained for different unit vectors $ \phi $ are disjoint .
We calculate the electron mediated RKKY interaction between the impurity spins in a d-wave superconductor and find that it decays as $ r^ { -3 } $ at large distances .	We argue that this interaction leads to the formation of a spin glass at low temperature $ T \ll T_c $ .
The NASA Galaxy Evolution Explorer ( GALEX ) satellite has obtained simultaneous near and far ultraviolet light curves of the ROTSE-I Catalog RR Lyrae ab-type variable star J143753.84+345924.8 .	A series of 38 GALEX Deep Imaging Survey observations well distributed in phase within the star 's 0.56432d period shows an AB=4.9mag variation in the far UV ( 1350-1750A ) band and an AB=1.8mag variation in the near UV ( 1750-2750A ) band , compared with only a 0.8mag variation in the broad , unfiltered ROTSE-I ( 4500-10000A ) band .
This enabled a straightforward determination of some 20 shock and maser parameters , among others , the kinetic temperature , postshock density , water density , water abundance , preshock and postshock magnetic field strengths as well as the inclination of the mean field with respect to the line of sight .	A step-by-step presentation of our diagnostic method is given and the relation between observations and model parameters is discussed .
Using an approach due to Bowen , Franco showed that continuous expansive flows with specification have unique equilibrium states for potentials with the Bowen property .	We show that this conclusion remains true using weaker non-uniform versions of specification , expansivity , and the Bowen property .
The magnitude of the effect is determined by the importance of scattering opacity with respect to absorption opacity ; we observe the largest changes in continuum flux at the shortest wavelengths and lowest metallicities ; intergranular lanes of 3D models are more strongly affected than granules .	Continuum scattering acts to increase the profile depth of LTE lines : continua gain more brightness than line cores due to their larger thermalization depth in hotter layers .
A new parameter , the demodulation length , is introduced , representing the quantitative measure of the depth at which the channelling beam preserves its modulation in the crystal .	It is demonstrated that there exist crystal channels with the demodulation length sufficiently large for using the crystalline undulator as a coherent source of hard X rays .
A Gaussian stochastic rate model is used to quantitatively describe the transitions observed recently in the single bond P-selctin glycoprotein ligand 1 ( PSGL-1 ) $ - $ P-selectin force rupture experiment [ Marshall , { \it et al .	} , ( 2003 ) Nature { \bf 423 } , 190-193 ] .
In my lectures I will deal with three seemingly unrelated problems : i ) to what extent is general relativity exceptional among metric gravity theories ?	ii ) is it possible to define gravitational energy density applying field-theory approach to gravity ?
These photon energies are much higher than commonly observed in coronal sources and pose grave modeling challenges .	The LT source in general appears higher in altitude with increasing energy and exhibits a more limited motion compared to the expansion of the thermal loop .
Using a slightly stronger version of Zariski equisingularity , we show the existence of Whitney 's stratified fibration , satisfying the conditions ( b ) of Whitney and ( w ) of Verdier .	Our construction is based on Puiseux with parameter theorem and a generalization of Whitney interpolation .
Solitons are non-dispersive wave solutions that arise in a diverse range of nonlinear systems , stablised by a focussing or defocussing nonlinearity .	First observed in shallow water , solitons have subsequently been studied in many other fields including nonlinear optics , biophysics , astrophysics , plasma and particle physics .
Using the Near InfraRed Imager and Spectrograph ( NIRI ) on Gemini North we obtained deep H narrow-band imaging corresponding to the rest-frame wavelength of H { \alpha } at the cluster 's redshift .	We identify a total of 163 potential cluster members in both pointings , excluding stars based on their near-IR colours derived from VLT/HAWK-I imaging .
We study this problem in the Markov chain Monte Carlo context , where independent samples are replaced with Markov chain samples .	If the chains converge to their respective target distributions at a polynomial rate , then under two finite moment conditions , we show a central limit theorem holds for the generalized estimators .
Consider a non-symmetric generalized diffusion $ X ( \cdot ) $ in $ { \bbR } ^d $ determined by the differential operator $ A ( \msx ) =-\sum_ { ij } \partial_ia_ { ij } ( \msx ) \partial_j +\sum_i b_i ( \msx ) \partial_i $ .	In this paper the diffusion process is approximated by Markov jump processes $ X_n ( \cdot ) $ , in homogeneous and isotropic grids $ G_n \subset { \bbR } ^d $ , which converge in distribution to the diffusion $ X ( \cdot ) $ .
To validate our method we perform a controlled user study comparing generated preference judgments to explicit relevance judgments .	We also implemented a real-world search engine to test our approach , using a modified ranking SVM to learn an improved ranking function from preference data .
Two important cases of such Poisson structures are worked out in full generality .	An example not fitting these two important cases is presented as well , using a candidate Boussinesq-Whitham equation .
The Kuo-Brown $ G $ -matrix interaction is shown to reproduce energy levels of 205 low-lying states of these nuclei .	We evaluate effective charges by incorporating the core-polarization effects caused by the coupling to GQR 's .
Classical methods like worst-case or average-case analysis have accompanying complexity classes , like P and AvgP , respectively .	While worst-case or average-case analysis give us a means to talk about the running time of a particular algorithm , complexity classes allows us to talk about the inherent difficulty of problems .
The exoplanet OGLE-TR-132b belongs to the new class of very hot giant planets , together with OGLE-TR-56b and OGLE-TR-113b , detected by their transits .	Recently , radial velocity measurements provided a planetary mass estimate for OGLE-TR-132b .
My conclusion is that , `` no , computer simulations are not a substitute for physical models when it comes to understanding the SKA ... ..furthermore , physical models are not much help either . ''	This conclusion is intentionally provocative , designed to promote some discussion at the conference , which it did .
Here we undertake an in depth investigation of a particular set of equations , using the methods of stochastic integration .	We confirm the prediction of the earlier studies that the noise becomes important when mu|log ( epsilon ) | = O ( 1 ) , where mu is the small timescale ratio and \epsilon is the noise level .
It is shown that the pollution errors of both methods in $ H^1 $ -norm are $ O ( k^ { 2p+1 } h^ { 2p } ) $ if $ p=O ( 1 ) $ and are $ O\Big ( \frac { k } { p^2 } \big ( \frac { kh } { \sigma p } \big ) ^ { 2p } \Big ) $ if the exact solution $ u\in H^2 ( \Om ) $ which coincide with existent dispersion analyses for the FEM on Cartesian grids .	Here $ \si $ is a constant independent of $ k , h , p $ , and the penalty parameters .
It is found that if some assumptions of flatness are made for sector of the FRW universe , the remaining sector needs to be hyperbolic .	These properties are in parallel with those found in the model of superstring/M theory .
Projected constraints on cosmological parameters are extremely tight , but these can be improved even further with information from external experiments .	Here , we examine quantitatively the extent to which external priors can lead to improvement in projected constraints from a CMB-Stage IV ( S4 ) experiment on neutrino and dark energy properties .
We show that these operators , with the aid of two other elementary operators ( essentially the left and right shifts ) , can transform any impulse sequence ( a linear recurrent sequence starting from $ ( 0 , ... ,0,1 ) $ ) into any other impulse sequence , by two processes that we call \emph { construction } and \emph { deconstruction } .	Finally , we give some applications to polynomial sequences and pyramidal numbers .
The total number of data points of the series is 78527 .	Other 37 versions of the original series are generated , including `` seasonally adjusted '' data , a smoothed series , series without annual course , etc .
If a resonant horizontal electric field acts on a deuteron beam circulating into a storage ring , the tensor electric polarizability stimulates the buildup of the vertical polarization of the deuteron ( the Baryshevsky effect ) .	General formulas describing this effect have been derived .
The order relation is given by ( strict ) containment of the descent sets .	In each case , by means of an explicit order-preserving bijection , we show that the poset of restricted permutations is an extension of the refinement order on noncrossing partitions .
If the data misfit function is unimodal then one can find its peak by local optimization methods and characterize its width ( related to the range of data-fitting models ) by estimating derivatives at this peak .	On the other hand , if there are local extrema , then a number of interesting and difficult problems arise .
Here we show that , even in the presence of noise , probabilistic measurement strategies ( which have a certain probability of failure or abstention ) can provide , upon a heralded successful outcome , estimates with a precision that violates the deterministic bounds .	This establishes a new ultimate quantum metrology limit .
It is thought that type Ia supernovae ( SNe Ia ) are explosions of carbon-oxygen white dwarfs ( CO WDs ) .	Two main evolutionary channels are proposed for the WD to reach the critical density required for a thermonuclear explosion : the single degenerate scenario ( SD ) , in which a CO WD accretes from a non-degenerate companion , and the double degenerate scenario ( DD ) , in which two CO WDs merge .
correlation functions are given , from which analytical expressions for the second order bulk and surface critical temperatures are derived .	The phase diagrams of the Blume-Capel model are classified , and the existence of a surface first order transition is discussed .
Here $ V $ denotes a bounded operator-valued potential $ V ( \cdot ) \in \mathcal { B } ( \mathcal { H } ) $ such that $ V ( \cdot ) $ is weakly measurable , the operator norm $ \|V ( \cdot ) \|_ { \mathcal { B } ( \mathcal { H } ) } $ is locally integrable , and $ V ( \cdot ) = V ( \cdot ) ^* $ a.e .	In a nutshell , a Donoghue-type $ m $ -function $ M_ { A , \mathcal { N } _i } ^ { Do } ( \cdot ) $ associated with self-adjoint extensions $ A $ of a closed , symmetric operator $ \dot A $ in $ \mathcal { H } $ with deficiency spaces $ \mathcal { N } _z = \ker \big ( { \dot A } ^* - z I_ { \mathcal { H } } \big ) $ and corresponding orthogonal projections $ P_ { \mathcal { N } _z } $ onto $ \mathcal { N } _z $ is given by $ $ M_ { A , \mathcal { N } _i } ^ { Do } ( z ) = zI_ { \mathcal { N } _i } + ( z^2+1 ) P_ { \mathcal { N } _i } ( A - z I_ { \mathcal { H } } ) ^ { -1 } P_ { \mathcal { N } _i } \big\vert_ { \mathcal { N } _i } \ , , \quad { \rm Im } ( z ) \neq 0 .
For the first 5 days we observed common superhumps with period 0.06954 ( 5 ) d , thus confirming its classification as a UGSU-type dwarf nova .	This was followed by a phase transition to late superhumps with period 0.06921 ( 6 ) d. We found a small but persistent signal at 0.0687 ( 6 ) d which we interpret as the orbital period .
We propose an efficient method of generating high-fidelity entangled pairs locally , based on the partial readout of the ensemble-based memories .	We also discuss the experimental implementation of the proposed protocol .
We reevaluate these experiments using a single quantitative coarse-grained framework of intra-Golgi transport that accounts for both transport models and their many variants .	Our analysis makes a definitive case for the existence of inter-cisternal exchange both for small membrane proteins ( VSVG ) and large protein complexes ( procollagen ) -- this implies that membrane structures larger than the typical protein-coated vesicles must be involved in transport .
Here we study this noncritical M-theory in the limit of high energies , analogous to the \alpha'\to\infty limit of string theory .	In the related case of two-dimensional Type 0A strings , it has been argued that the conformal \alpha'\to\infty limit leads to AdS_2 with a propagating fermion whose mass is set by the value of the RR flux .
Distribution functions defined in accord with the quantum theory of measurement are combined with results obtained from the quantum Langevin equation to discuss decoherence in quantum Brownian motion .	Closed form expressions for wave packet spreading and the attenuation of coherence of a pair of wave packets are obtained .
The photon-index obtained from the ROSAT PSPC exceeds that from the ASCA SIS about 0.4 .	The discrepancy is clear even in the 0.5-2 keV energy band over which both detectors are sensitive .
Systematic tight-binding investigations of the electronic spectra ( as a function of the magnetic field ) are presented for trigonal graphene nanoflakes with reconstructed zigzag edges , where a succession of pentagons and heptagons , that is 5-7 defects , replaces the hexagons at the zigzag edge .	For nanoflakes with such reczag defective edges , emphasis is placed on topological aspects and connections underlying the patterns dominating these spectra .
We present a seismic study of the beta Cephei star theta Ophiuchi .	Our analysis is based on the observation of one radial mode , one rotationally split l = 1 triplet and three components of a rotationally split l = 2 quintuplet for which the m-values were well identified by spectroscopy .
It implies the quantization of the volume .	In the one-sided case it implies that the manifold decomposes into a disconnected sum of spheres which will represent quanta of geometry .
We investigated further the veracity of our detection of the eccentric orbit for WASP-54b , and we find that it could be real .	However , given the brightness of WASP-54 V=10.42 magnitudes , we encourage observations of a secondary eclipse to draw robust conclusions on both the orbital eccentricity and the thermal structure of the planet .
Initially a partial icosahedral structure coexists with a non-wetting melt .	However at energies very close to the melting point the icosahedral structure is replaced by a truncated decahedral structure which is almost fully wet by the melt .
If all present indications for neutrino mass are valid , that hot dark matter is shared by two neutrino species ( nu_mu and nu_tau ) .	These results also require at least one light sterile neutrino to exist to explain the solar nu_e deficit ( nu_e - & gt ; nu_s ) , so that nu_mu - & gt ; nu_tau accounts for the atmospheric neutrino anomaly , with anti-nu_mu - & gt ; anti-nu_e being observed in the LSND experiment .
In this work , we propose a new optimization framework for multiclass boosting learning .	In the literature , AdaBoost.MO and AdaBoost.ECC are the two successful multiclass boosting algorithms , which can use binary weak learners .
Let $ p\neq2 $ be a prime .	We show a technique based on local class field theory and on the expansions of certain resultants which allows to recover very easily Lbekkouri 's characterization of Eisenstein polynomials generating cyclic wild extensions of degree $ p^2 $ over $ \Q_p $ , and to extend it to the case of the base field $ K $ being an unramified extension of $ \Q_p $ .
In the abelian sector of the theory there are finite-energy magnetic and electric monopole solutions which saturate the Bogomol'nyi bound .	In the nonabelian sector there exist a countable family of globally regular solutions which are purely magnetic but have zero Yang-Mills magnetic charge .
This quantity is quite remarkable since its values as estimated by different methods ( various quark models and the QCD sum rules ) , are surprisingly different .	The present quark models are mostly based on free spinors and their predictions depend crucially on the choice of the light quark mass .
We focus on the two kinematic extremes of \sqrt { s } - threshold and infinity - and derive analytical expressions for the differential distributions of several variables , most notably the cos { \theta_ { ll } } ^* variable proposed by Barr in hep-ph/0511115 .	For all possible spin assignments of particles A , B and C , we derive the cos { \theta_ { ll } } ^* differential distribution at threshold , including the effects of spin correlations .
However , the peak brightness is not completely uniform , and the origin of the diversity has not been clear .	We examine whether the rotation of progenitor white dwarfs ( WDs ) can be the important source of the diversity of the brightness of SNe Ia .
Since z~1 , the stellar mass density locked in low mass groups and clusters has grown by a factor of ~8 .	Here we make the first statistical measurements of the stellar mass content of low mass X-ray groups at 0.5 & lt ; z & lt ; 1 , enabling the calibration of stellar-to-halo mass scales for wide-field optical and infrared surveys .
An effective intra- and inter-ladder charge-spin hamiltonian for the quarter-filled ladder compound $ \alpha ' $ -NaV $ _2 $ O $ _5 $ has been derived by using the standard canonical transformation method .	In the derivation , it is clear that a finite inter-site Coulomb repulsion is needed to get a meaningful result otherwise the perturbation becomes ill-defined .
The Halpha emission is very broad ( FWHM = 9300 km/s ) and luminous ( 2.6x10^44 ergs/s ) and it is very comparable to the line widths and strengths of radio loud quasars at the same redshift .	This strongly supports AGN unification models linking radio galaxies and quasars , although we discuss some of the outstanding differences .
This paper addresses two main challenges facing systems neuroscience today : understanding the nature and function of a ) cortical feedback between sensory areas and b ) correlated variability .	Starting from the old idea of perception as probabilistic inference , we show how to use knowledge of the psychophysical task to make easily testable predictions for the impact that feedback signals have on early sensory representations .
Here we present the first unknot recognition algorithm which is always conclusive and , although exponential time in theory , exhibits a clear polynomial time behaviour under exhaustive experimentation even for non-trivial knots .	The algorithm draws on techniques from both topology and integer / linear programming , and highlights the potential for new applications of techniques from mathematical programming to difficult problems in low-dimensional topology .
Qualitatively new aspects of the ( linear and non-linear ) stability of sheared relativistic ( slab ) jets are analyzed .	The linear problem has been solved for a wide range of jet models well inside the ultrarelativistic domain ( flow Lorentz factors up to 20 ; specific internal energies $ \approx 60c^2 $ ) .
At level 14 and above , the resulting approximants give an energy less than -1 in units of the D25-brane tension , in agreement with recent level-truncation results by Gaiotto and Rastelli .	The extrapolated energy continues to decrease below -1 until reaching a minimum near level 26 , after which the energy turns around and begins to approach -1 from below .
Gnutella was intended to support thousands to millions of peers .	Studies of interconnection topologies in the literature , however , have focused on hardware implementations which are limited by cost to a few thousand nodes .
We characterize the importance of metallicity on the presence of molecular hydrogen in damped Lyman-alpha ( DLA ) systems .	We construct a representative sample of 18 DLA/sub-DLA systems with log N ( HI ) & gt ; 19.5 at high redshift ( zabs & gt ; 1.8 ) with metallicities relative to solar [ X/H ] & gt ; -1.3 ( with [ X/H ] = logN ( X ) /N ( H ) -log ( X/H ) solar and X either Zn , S or Si ) .
The values of the degree of polarization ( DOP ) calculated from our model follows the trends of the experimental data .	We also present detailed physical insight by examining strain profiles , band edges diagrams and wave function plots .
The distance to G48.61+0.02 is about a half of its far kinematic distance , which was often assumed previously .	This distance places G48.61+0.02 in the Sagittarius-Carina arm and near the active star forming region and the supernova remnant W51 .
The pressure of the relativistic electron-positron gas is determined by solving the diffusion-loss equation , considering inverse Compton scattering , synchrotron radiation , Coulomb collisions , bremsstrahlung , and ionization .	For values of the gas density and magnetic field that are representative of the Milky Way , it is estimated that pressure gradients are strong enough to balance gravity in the central parts if E_0 & lt ; 1 GeV .
A semilinear reaction-diffusion two-point boundary value problem , whose second-order derivative is multiplied by a small positive parameter $ \eps^2 $ , is considered .	It can have multiple solutions .
The primary modification to the algorithm is the evaluation and subtraction of the large background energy , arising from uncorrelated soft hadrons , in each collision .	A detailed analysis of the background energy and its event-by-event fluctuations has been performed on simulated data , and a method developed to estimate the background energy inside the jet cone from the measured energy outside the cone on an event-by-event basis .
The observations reveal the presence of three dust layers located at the distances of \sim300 , \sim500 and \sim700 pc .	The dust layers produce a total polarization Pv \sim 5.5 per cent .
The spectral energy distributions and normalized radial profiles of dust continuum emission were modeled for 31 sources using a one-dimensional dust radiative transfer code , assuming a power law density distribution in the envelope , n = n_f ( r/r_f ) ^ { -p } .	The best fit density power law exponent , p , ranged from 0.75 to 2.5 with & lt ; p & gt ; = 1.8 +/- 0.4 .
This paper presents an 8 GeV Rapid Cycling Synchrotron ( RCS ) option for Project X .	It has several advantages over an 8 GeV SC linac .
Coherent photonuclear isotope transmutation ( CPIT ) produces exclusively radioactive isotopes ( RIs ) by coherent photonuclear reactions via E1 giant resonances .	Photons to be used are medium energy photons produced by laser photons backscattered off GeV electrons .
The density parameter of the additional fluid is defined as a Gaussian function plus a constant in logarithmic scale-factor space .	Searching for the best-fit cosmological parameters in the presence of such a dark energy spike gives a far smaller chi-square value by about five times the number of additional parameters introduced and narrower constraints on matter density and Hubble constant compared with the best-fit $ \Lambda\textrm { CDM } $ model .
Further predictions are made for yet unobserved decay rates .	The various models for quarkonium production in hadronic collisions are critically reviewed .
We present a scaling arguments to deal with the crossover-induced geometrical and dynamical effects .	This analysis allows to explain why the results of most numerical studies so far have been described with effective power-laws and also permits to determine the observed anomalous temperature-dependence of the characteristic growth exponents .
High-resolution spectroscopy with E/ $ \Delta $ E up to 8800 ( $ \Delta $ E $ \sim $ 22 meV ) covered the energy ranges 193.7 -- 194.7 eV and 209 -- 215 eV .	Lifetimes of the strongest resonances are determined with relative uncertainties down to approximately 4 % for the broadest resonance .
We consider the one-dimensional spinless Falicov-Kimball model of itinerant fermionic particles ( `` spinless electrons '' ) , which can hop between nearest-neighbour sites only , and of immobile particles ( `` classical ions '' ) , with an on-site attraction .	Extensive studies of the ground-state phase diagram of this system and its higher dimensional counterparts , carried out up to now , concentrated on determining ground-state arrangements of ions on the underlying lattice , while the properties of electrons were typically ignored .
We study a heavy piston of mass $ M $ that moves in one dimension .	The piston separates two gas chambers , each of which contains finitely many ideal , unit mass gas particles moving in $ d $ dimensions , where $ d\geq 1 $ .
Thus the three planets , with orbits of 1.8-3.9 d , are among the most irradiated planets known .	This reinforces the correlation between inflated planets and stellar irradiation .
We present the results of the dynamical analysis of the rich , hot , and X-ray very luminous galaxy cluster A2219 , containing a powerful diffuse radio-halo .	Our analysis is based on new redshift data for 27 galaxies in the cluster region , measured from spectra obtained at the TNG , with the addition of other 105 galaxies recovered from reduction of CFHT archive data in a cluster region of about 5 arcmin radius ( about 0.8 Mpc h^-1 at the cluster distance ) centered on the cD galaxy .
We study reproducing kernels , and associated reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces ( RKHSs ) $ \mathscr { H } $ over infinite , discrete and countable sets $ V $ .	In this setting we analyze in detail the distributions of the corresponding Dirac point-masses of $ V $ .
2001 ; A1835 , Peterson et al.2001 ) .	This contradicts the conventional CF model or at least requires a major revision of the model .
We describe a generative probabilistic model of natural language , which we call HBG , that takes advantage of detailed linguistic information to resolve ambiguity .	HBG incorporates lexical , syntactic , semantic , and structural information from the parse tree into the disambiguation process in a novel way .
We have processed over 30 thousand user browsing sessions extracted from usage logs of DBPedia and Semantic Web Dog Food .	All these events are formalized semantically using respective domain ontologies and RDF representations of the Web resources being accessed .
We discuss the behaviour of the electronic current and the induced nuclear spin polarization versus an external magnetic field for different hyperfine coupling intensities and interdot tunnelling strengths .	We take into account , for each magnetic field , all hyperfine mediated spin relaxation processes coming from the different opposite spin levels approaches .
Group based moving frames have a wide range of applications , from the classical equivalence problems in differential geometry to more modern applications such as computer vision .	Here we describe what we call a discrete group based moving frame , which is essentially a sequence of moving frames with overlapping domains .
Furthermore , massive scalar field modes are also studied by varying the mass of the field .	Comparisons are done with the QNM frequencies of the Reissner-Nordstrom black hole .
Recently , the observation of unexpected excesses at TeV energy down to angular scale as narrow as $ \sim10\deg $ raised the possibility that the problem of the origin of galactic cosmic rays may be addressed by studying the anisotropy .	The ARGO-YBJ experiment is a full-coverage EAS array , sensitive to cosmic rays with energy threshold of a few hundred GeV .
The structure , microfrictional behaviors and adhesion of the LB films were investigated by transmission electron microscopy ( TEM ) , X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy ( XPS ) and atomic/friction force microscopy ( AFM/FFM ) .	Our results showed that the modified Cu nanoparticles have a typical core-shell structure and fine film-forming ability .
Moreover , we show that these three actions can be decomposed as a product of two reflections in hyperbolic lines .	Therefore , we conclude that hyperbolic reflections can be considered as the basic pieces for a deeper understanding of multilayer optics .
have recently attempted to model the hard X-ray excess in the type 1.8 AGN NGC 1365 , concluding that the hard excess most likely arises from Compton-scattered reflection of X-rays from an inner accretion disk close to the black hole .	Their analysis disfavored a model in which the hard excess arises from a high column density of circumnuclear gas partially covering a primary X-ray source , despite such components being required in the NGC 1365 data below 10 keV .
The short-term stability of passive atomic frequency standards , especially in pulsed operation , is often limited by local oscillator noise via intermodulation effects .	We present an experimental demonstration of the intermodulation effect on the frequency stability of a continuous atomic fountain clock where , under normal operating conditions , it is usually too small to observe .
This model is based on the idea of two dynamo sources separated in space .	The first source of the dynamo action is located near the bottom of the convection zone , and the second operates near the top .
Many people in the audience turned out to think that the inconsistencies among the observed properties of large and dwarf galaxies are too many to believe that the former are built up only by means of successive accretions of the latter .	However , theorists of hierarchical galaxy formation suggested that present -- day dwarfs are not representative of the galactic building blocks , which may be completely invisible nowadays .
In the free-standing slab model , van Hove singularities evolve in the phonon spectral density .	We find that these singularities cause additional side peaks in the inelastic current .
A PROP is a symmetric monoidal category whose objects are the nonnegative integers and whose tensor product on objects is addition .	A morphism from $ m $ to $ n $ in a PROP can be visualized as a string diagram with $ m $ input wires and $ n $ output wires .
In three-dimensional computational topology , the theory of normal surfaces is a tool of great theoretical and practical significance .	Although this theory typically leads to exponential time algorithms , very little is known about how these algorithms perform in `` typical '' scenarios , or how far the best known theoretical bounds are from the real worst-case scenarios .
A subsequent dimensional reduction leads to the KP equation in $ ( 1+2 ) $ dimensions after the relationship from the Plebanski second heavenly function , $ \Omega $ , to the KP function , $ u $ , is obtained .	Also a complexified KP equation is found when a different dimensional reduction scheme is performed .
In this work , we extend the SVM by introducing a parameter $ \alpha $ that allows particles to be individualistic instead of gregarious , i.e.to choose a direction of motion independently of their neighbors .	By focusing on the small-noise regime , we show that a relatively small probability of individualistic motion ( around 10 % ) is sufficient to drive the system from a Vicsek-like ordered phase to a disordered phase .
In other words , all these manifolds have families of almost Cauchy-Riemann ( CR ) structures .	After deriving integrability conditions under which circumstances the almost CR structure defines a CR manifold or a transversally holomorphic foliation ( THF ) , we discuss implications on localization .
Using an implemented Monte Carlo simulated annealing method we found the orientation of the immobilized protein on the zirconia surface ( both flat and nanostructured ) and contribution of the each amino acid residue from the protein sequence to the adsorption energy .	Accounting for the variation of the dielectric permittivity at the protein-implant interface we use a model distance-dependent dielectric function to describe the inter-atom electrostatic ( Coulomb ) interactions in the adsorption potential .
We pursue the investigation of this discrepancy by computing model spectra of cool convective white dwarfs from a small sequence ( 11,300 K & lt ; Teff & lt ; 12,800 K ) of 3D hydrodynamical model atmospheres , which feature a sophisticated treatment of convection and radiative transfer .	Our approach is to proceed with a differential analysis between 3D and standard 1D models .
constitute strong evidence for the importance of electron-electron interactions even in the integer effect .	The experiments report on measurements of the conductance and electronic compressibility of mesoscopic MOSFET devices that show disagreement with predictions from the single particle model .
We initially illustrate this concept experimentally by a simplified configuration consisting of two surfaces connected by a liquid bridge and elastic springs .	We then utilize poroelastic mixture theory and model frog 's toe pads as an elastic porous medium , immersed within a viscous liquid and pressed against a rigid rough surface .
Particular focus is given to the probabilistic framework introduced by LeJan and Sznitman [ Probab .	Theory Related Fields 109 ( 1997 ) 343-366 ] and extended by Bhattacharya et al . [ Trans.Amer.Math.Soc .
One key element has been the development of a rigorous effective interaction theory , applying unitary transformations to soften the nuclear Hamiltonian and hence accelerate the convergence as a function of the model space size .	For consistency , however , one ought to apply the same transformation to other operators when calculating transitions and mean values from the eigenstates of the renormalized Hamiltonian .
Like the zonal flows , the meridional flows also show distinct solar activity related changes .	In particular , the anti-symmetric component of the meridional flow shows a decrease in speed with activity .
In this short note , we describe the preparation of updated templates for the interpretation of SUSY results from the LHC in the context of mSUGRA .	The standard ( m_0 , m_ { 1/2 } ) plane is shown for fixed mu & gt ; 0 and m_t = 173.2 GeV .
Additional heuristics suggest that jittered sampling should be able to improve known bounds on the inverse of the star-discrepancy in the regime $ N \gtrsim d^d $ .	We also prove a partition principle showing that every partition of $ [ 0,1 ] ^d $ combined with a jittered sampling construction gives rise to a set whose expected squared $ L^2- $ discrepancy is smaller than that of purely random points .
The BFKL equation resums large logarithms that dominate the cross section for this process .	After a brief overview of analytic BFKL resummation and its experimental status , we report on a Monte Carlo method for solving the BFKL equation that allows kinematic constraints to be taken into account .
We study a three-dimensional gauge theory obtained from the dimensional reduction of a D4-brane worldvolume theory in the background of space-time moduli .	An SL ( 3 ) symmetry in this theory , which acts on fields as well as coupling constants , is identified .
Here , we present a classification of these different two-dimensional Dirac systems based on the space groups , and discuss our findings within the context of a minimal two-band model .	In particular , we show that the emergence of massless Dirac fermions can be attributed to the mirror symmetries of the materials .
By applying certain torus-equivariant blow-ups to a special class of smooth projective toric varieties , such generators can be constructed in every complex dimension that is odd or one less than a prime power .	A large amount of evidence suggests that smooth projective toric varieties can serve as polynomial generators in the remaining dimensions as well .
We consider a general class of hidden Markov models in continuous time with compact signal state space , and call such a model observable if no two initial measures of the signal process give rise to the same law of the observation process .	We demonstrate that observability implies stability of the filter , i.e. , the filtered estimates become insensitive to the initial measure at large times .
In the paper by W. Dai et al . ( IEEE Trans .	On Industrial Informatics , vol.11 , no.3 , pp .
In this paper we describe the first successful effort to build a readout for a photon counting optical/near-IR astronomical instrument , the ARray Camera for Optical to Near-infrared Spectrophotometry ( ARCONS ) .	This readout is based on open source hardware developed by the Collaboration for Astronomy Signal Processing and Electronics Research ( CASPER ) .
However , the microscopic mechanisms with quantum effects , which are required to understand the gas-oxide interactions are not well developed despite the oxide sensors potential applications in numerous fields , namely , medicine ( breath-sensors ) , engineering ( gas-sensors ) and food processing ( odor-sensors ) .	Here , we develop a rigorous theoretical strategy based on the ionization energy theory ( IET ) to unambiguously explain why and how a certain gas molecule intrinsically prefers a particular oxide surface .
This momentum and energy conserving ( elastic ) CPT resonant structural lattice reverses phase and group velocities at the nuclear dimension as dictated by the speed of light and is scalable over 15 ours of magnitude from nuclear to universe dimensions , from the universe Big Bang event to present and is consistent with nuclear ( quark ) weak and strong forces , electromagnetic and gravitational forces being mediated by a particle of constant mass ( 110.123 x electron mass or 56.3 MeV/c2 ) related to the Higgs mass .	This isotropic homogeneous CPT structure filling the space vacuum presently defines an extremely cold dark energy condition ( & lt ; & lt ; CMBR ) that dictates an equally extremely cold baryonic dark matter .
We undertake a spectral study of a sample of bright X-ray sources taken from six XMM-Newton fields at high galactic latitudes , where AGN are the most populous class .	These six fields were chosen such that the observation had an exposure time more than 60 ksec , had data from the EPIC-pn detector in the full-Frame mode and lying at high galactic latitude $ |b| & gt ; 25^o $ .
Each sender compresses the channel output that is observes using a compression scheme that is \`a-la Lim et al .	noisy network coding and Avestimeher et al .
We also investigated the broad band ( 0.2 -- 150 keV ) spectral properties of IGR J16283 -- 4838 complementing the BAT dataset with the soft X-ray data from the available Swift-XRT pointed observations .	The BAT light curve of IGR J16283-4838 revealed a periodic modulation at P_o=287.6+7-1.7 days ( with a significance higher than 4 standard deviations ) .
We use this notion to classify *-homomorphisms from separable , unital , nuclear C*-algebras into ultrapowers of simple , unital , nuclear , Z-stable C*-algebras with compact extremal trace space up to 2-coloured equivalence by their behaviour on traces ; this is based on a 1-coloured classification theorem for certain order zero maps , also in terms of tracial data .	As an application we calculate the nuclear dimension of non-AF , simple , separable , unital , nuclear , Z-stable C*-algebras with compact extremal trace space : it is 1 .
It is the first large stellar flare from a dMe flare star to result in a Swift trigger based on its hard X-ray intensity .	Its peak f_X from 0.3 -- 100 keV of 5.3x10^-8 erg/cm2/s is nearly 7000 times larger than the star 's quiescent coronal flux , and the change in magnitude in the white filter is & gt ; 4.7 .
The classical limit , where only discrete terms contribute , is also discussed .	In addition , we conjecture an explicit expression for this partition function at the `` second solvable point '' where the spectator matter is in fact another $ M_ { 2/5 } $ ( Yang-Lee ) minimal model .
The first two coefficients of the heat kernel asymptotic expansion are computed explicitly .	A new semi-classical ansatz as well as the complete recursion system for the heat kernel of non-Laplace type operators is constructed .
We describe the whole range of the probability distributions depending on the function k_n , as soon as it tends jointly with n to infinity .	As a by-product we obtain a study of the satisfiability problem in the context of Catalan trees .
We parametrize the single-band variability by a power-law model for the light-curve structure function , with amplitude A and power-law index gamma .	We show that quasars can be efficiently separated from other non-variable and variable sources by the location of the individual sources in the A-gamma plane .
We demonstrate an alternative method for calculating the asymptotic behaviour of the discrete one-coin quantum walk on the infinite line , via the Jacobi polynomials that arise in the path integral representation .	This is significantly easier to use than the Darboux method .
As a by-product we show that the unit-root sub-F-isocrystal of the de Rham cohomology of the Legendre family of ordinary elliptic curves is not overconvergent in Berthelot 's sense .	In the second article we 'll give a definition of the L-functions of F- ( iso ) crystals by cohomological means and we 'll show how it matches with the one given here : it gives back the one used in crystalline cohomology by Katz or Etesse , or the one used in rigid cohomology by Etesse-Le Stum , or the one used by Wan ; the aim is then to give a proof of Katz conjecture on p-adic unit roots and poles of these L-functions using rigid cohomology .
's of order \nu_j .	The problem considered includes the fractional telegraph equation as a special case as well as the governing equation of stable processes .
These models , in accordance with the EPR argument , provide for the simultaneous existence of quantum mechanically incompatible quantities .	We first recall several contradictions arising between the assumption of a joint distribution for incompatible observables and the probability structure of quantum-mechanics , and conclude that Bell 's theorem is not expected to be relevant to quantum phenomena described by non-commuting observables , irrespective of the issue of locality .
The roots of polinomials determine the spectrum and obey the Bethe Ansatz equations .	A particular case of difference equations for $ q $ -hypergeometric and Askey-Wilson polinomials is discussed .
Thus chi_2 to chi + tau mu decay may provide a physics opportunity for observing the violation of tau lepton number at the LHC that is complementary to tau to mu + gamma decay .	Likewise , chi_2 to chi + e mu decay is also enhanced in the coannihilation region , providing a complement to mu to e + gamma decay .
Strong cohesive particulate gels have variously been described as being ratchet ( poro ) elastic , on the one hand , and as having a yield stress in compression , on the other , to the point where same groups of workers have used both descriptions at one time or another .	The dichotomy is real though as such gels do show a hitherto somewhat puzzling elastic-plastic duality .
We have investigated the physical properties of a new layered oxyselenide Bi $ _ { 2 } $ YO $ _ { 4 } $ Cu $ _ { 2 } $ Se $ _ { 2 } $ , which crystallizes in an unusual intergrowth structure with Cu $ _ { 2 } $ Se $ _ { 2 } $ and Bi $ _ { 2 } $ YO $ _ { 4 } $ layers .	Electric transport measurement indicates that Bi $ _ { 2 } $ YO $ _ { 4 } $ Cu $ _ { 2 } $ Se $ _ { 2 } $ behaves metallic .
Even though the NuSTAR observations caught the source in an extreme low-flux state , the Compton hump is still significantly detected .	NuSTAR , with its high effective area above 7 keV , clearly detects the drop in flux in the iron K alpha band , and by comparing these observations with archival XMM-Newton observations , we find that the energy of this drop increases with increasing flux .
In this reply , we pointed out there is no disagreement between Masillo 's comment and our work in Ref . [ 2 ] .	The efficiency cost pointed out in Ref.\cite { masillo } exists , namely to obtain the PT-symmetric hamiltonian evolution , one has to make a measurement on the auxiliary qubit and the auxiliary qubit is at state $ |0\ket $ only probabilistically .
We provide a generalization of the Lie algebra of conformal Killing vector fields to conformal Killing-Yano forms .	A new Lie bracket for conformal Killing-Yano forms that corresponds to slightly modified Schouten-Nijenhuis bracket of differential forms is proposed .
In this article , we propose a novel and general dimension-hopping MCMC methodology that can update all the parameters as well as the number of parameters simultaneously using simple deterministic transformations of some low-dimensional ( often one-dimensional ) random variable .	This methodology , which has been inspired by the recent Transformation based MCMC ( TMCMC ) ( Dutta & amp ; Bhattacharya ( 2014 ) ) for updating all the parameters simultaneously in general fixed-dimensional set-ups using low-dimensional ( usually one-dimensional ) random variables , facilitates great speed in terms of computation time and provides high acceptance rates , thanks to the low-dimensional random variables which effectively reduce the dimension dramatically .
This set of lectures contain a brief review of some basic supersymmetry and its representations , with emphasis on superspace and superfields .	Starting from the Poincar\'e group , the supersymmetric extensions allowed by the Coleman-Mandula theorem and its generalisation to superalgebras , the Haag , Lopuszanski and Sohnius theorem , are discussed .
Using dual-beam interferometry in the bullfrog 's sacculus , we found that thermal movements of stereocilia located as far apart as a bundle 's opposite edges display high coherence and negligible phase lag .	Because the mechanical degrees of freedom of stereocilia are strongly constrained , a force applied anywhere in the hair bundle deflects the structure as a unit .
If the current SNR shell expansion speed is greater than 3000 km/s , a $ 15 M_\odot $ Type II supernova with a moderate kinetic energy exploding at about 150 pc away is favored .	If the SNR expansion speed is lower than 2000 km s $ ^ { -1 } $ , as derived naively from the X-ray data , a much more energetic supernova is required to have occurred at $ \sim250 $ pc away in a dense environment at the edge of the Gum nebula .
Label switching arises because the posterior is invariant to permutations of the component parameters .	Methods for dealing with label switching have been studied fairly extensively in the literature , with the most popular approaches being those based on loss functions .
Our methods stand on the so-called semigroup language .	Indeed , by using the solution to the Bessel heat equation we derive pointwise formulas for the fractional operators .
We investigate whether magnetic interaction between close-in giant planets and their host stars produce observable statistical enhancements in stellar coronal or chromospheric activity .	New Chandra observations of 12 nearby ( d & lt ; 60 pc ) planet-hosting solar analogs are combined with archival Chandra , XMM-Newton , and ROSAT coverage of 11 similar stars to construct a sample inoculated against inherent stellar class and planet-detection biases .
We consider in this note another approach to define interaction , by using the Sobol ' indices which are related to the analysis of variance of a multivariate model .	We prove that the Sobol ' indices of the multilinear extension gives the square of the Fourier transform , a well-known concept in computer sciences .
Cognitive radio is used for autonomous network con ? guration .	Sensor networks monitor the environment in real-time during relief activities and provide distributed spectrum sensing capacities .
Quantum mechanics , however , does not show this feature .	We consider instead the sensitivity of quantum evolution to perturbations in the Hamiltonian .
The future of quantum communication relies on quantum networks composed by observers sharing multipartite quantum states .	The certification of multipartite entanglement will be crucial to the usefulness of these networks .
The relation of arbitrary functions in the seminal paper of Howe to supergravity multiplets is clarified .	The local supersymmetry transformations remain the same , but , somewhat surprisingly , the transformations of zweibein and Rarita-Schwinger field decouple from those of the superconnection multiplet .
The data are described with a phenomenological approach based on a combination of a quasi-free model and a partial wave expansion for three-body reaction .	The total cross section is found to be \sigma ( tot ) = ( 2.89 +- 0.01 ( stat ) +- 0.06 ( sys ) +- 0.29 ( norm ) ) \mu b .
In this paper we present a new mechanism for distributed and big data storage and resource discovery services .	Here we proposed an architecture named Dynamic and Scalable Storage Management ( DSSM ) architecture in grid environments .
Two different substrates have been employed : a flexible substrate ( Young 's modulus of 4 GPa ) and a rigid one ( Young 's modulus of 180 GPa ) .	A clear optimization of the indirect magnetoelectric coupling , studied by micro-strip ferromagnetic resonance , has been highlighted when using the polymer substrate .
This paper investigates the problem of modeling Internet images and associated text or tags for tasks such as image-to-image search , tag-to-image search , and image-to-tag search ( image annotation ) .	We start with canonical correlation analysis ( CCA ) , a popular and successful approach for mapping visual and textual features to the same latent space , and incorporate a third view capturing high-level image semantics , represented either by a single category or multiple non-mutually-exclusive concepts .
Our result agrees with the observations of six sources ( 4U 0614+09 , 4U 1636 -- 53 , 4U 1608 -- 52 , 4U 1915 -- 15 , 4U 1728 -- 34 , XTE 1807 -- 294 ) with measured spins .	In this model the kHz QPOs originate from the MHD waves in the compressed magnetosphere .
The ATLAS experiment measures yields of isolated photons and of Z and W bosons via leptonic decay modes in Pb+Pb collisions at sqrt ( s_NN ) =2.76 TeV .	The data samples used in the analysis were obtained in the year 2010 and year 2011 LHC runs and correspond to 5 ub-1 and 0.15 nb-1 of integrated luminosity respectively .
Bose condensation is responsible for many of the most spectacular effects in physics because it can promote quantum behavior from the microscopic to the macroscopic world .	Bose condensates can be distinguished by the condensing object ; electron-electron Cooper-pairs are responsible for superconductivity , Helium atoms for superfluidity , and ultracold alkali atoms in vapors for coherent matter waves .
The numerical solution of strain gradient-dependent continuum problems has been dogged by continuity demands on the basis functions .	For most commonly accepted models , solutions using the finite element method demand $ C^ { 1 } $ continuity of the shape functions .
We show that the bond flexibility affects the relative thermodynamic stability of the liquid and of the hexagonal ( or cubic ) ice .	On increasing flexibility , the liquid-liquid critical point , which in the original ST2 model is located in the no-man 's land ( i. e. the region where ice is the thermodynamically stable phase ) progressively moves to a temperature where the liquid is more stable than ice .
Then we apply dimensional reduction to two distinct problems , the pressure of electroweak theory and the screening masses of mesonic operators in hot QCD , and point out the similarities .	We summarize the results and discuss their validity , while leaving all details to original research articles .
We employ the cavity method of statistical physics to find the optimal density matrix representation by slowly decreasing the temperature in an annealing algorithm , or by minimizing an approximate Bethe free energy depending on the reduced density matrices and some cavity messages originated from the Bethe approximation of the entropy .	We obtain the classical Bethe expression for the entropy within a naive ( mean-field ) approximation of the cavity messages , which is expected to work well at high temperatures .
This study is mainly aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of current health care systems of several representative countries and improving that of the US .	To achieve these goals , a people-oriented non-linear evaluation model is designed .
In particular , we give two different arguments leading to this result - one is field theoretic , while the second one utilizes the power of string perturbation techniques .	To illustrate our discussions we perform explicit two-loop computations of various corrections to gauge couplings within this framework .
We consider all relevant backgrounds , like the Standard Model background from radiative neutrino production .	The longitudinal polarized beams enhance the signal and simultaneously reduce the background , such that statistical errors are significantly reduced .
For any $ \alpha \geq 1 $ , let $ \cDazz $ be the unital algebra generated by the differential operators of $ \kzz $ which increase the degree in $ z $ by at least $ \alpha-1 $ and $ \ataz $ the group of automorphisms $ F_t ( z ) =z-H_t ( z ) $ of $ \kttzz $ with $ o ( H_t ( z ) ) \geq \alpha $ and $ H_ { t=0 } ( z ) =0 $ .	First , for any fixed $ \alpha \geq 1 $ and $ F_t\in \ataz $ , we introduce five sequences of differential operators of $ \kzz $ and show that their generating functions form a $ \mathcal N $ CS ( noncommutative symmetric ) system [ Z4 ] over the differential algebra $ \cDazz $ .
We find that this is in direct correspondence with the difference of the Shannon entropy of the cavity photons before and after the passage of the atoms for a reasonable range of dissipation parameters .	It is thus possible to demonstrate information transfer between the cavity and the atoms through this set-up .
We have developed a technique to map the three-dimensional structure of the local interstellar medium using a maximum entropy reconstruction technique .	A set of column densities N to stars of known distance can in principle be used to recover a three-dimensional density field n , since the two quantities are related by simple geometry through the equation N = C n , where C is a matrix characterizing the stellar spatial distribution .
In this paper we propose a dynamical model for producing modulations in the inner disk properties at these characteristic frequencies .	We postulate that a transition radius exists in the accretion disk close to the compact object and investigate its response to a broad spectrum of density fluctuations .
We have explored the Eu production in the Milky Way by means of a very detailed chemical evolution model .	In particular , we have assumed that Eu is formed in merging neutron star ( or neutron star black hole ) binaries as well as in type II supernovae .
Faults and viruses often spread in networked environments by propagating from site to neighboring site .	We model this process of { \em network contamination } by graphs .
We show that not only the familiar notions of completion , closure , and density in normed vector spaces , but also the notions of sheafification , closure , and density with respect to a Lawvere-Tierney topology , are instances of the given abstract notions .	The process of T-completion is equally the enriched idempotent monad associated to T ( which we call the idempotent core of T ) , and we show that it exists as soon as every morphism in B factors as a T-dense morphism followed by a T-closed M-embedding .
Here we use large-scale cosmological N-body simulations to study statistical properties of the local Hubble parameter as measured by local observers .	We show that the distribution of the local Hubble parameter depends not only on the scale of inhomogeneities , but also on how one defines the positions of observers in the cosmic web and what reference frame is used .
Many remarkably robust , rapid and spontaneous self-assembly phenomena in nature can be modeled geometrically starting from a collection of rigid bunches of spheres .	This paper highlights the role of symmetry in sphere-based assembly processes .
We are conducting a large observing program with the Spitzer Space Telescope to determine the mid-to-far infrared spectral energy distributions of a well-defined sample of 87 nearby , 12 micron-selected Seyfert galaxies .	In this paper we present the results of IRS low-resolution spectroscopy of a statistically representative subsample of 51 of the galaxies ( 59 % ) , with an analysis of the continuum shapes and a comparison of the Seyfert types .
The metallic state of high temperature cuprate superconductors is markedly different from that of textbook metals .	The origin of this unconventional state , characterized by unusual and distinct temperature dependences in the transport properties , remains unresolved despite intense theoretical efforts .
Correlations between absolute magnitude and one or more distance-independent SN Ia or parent-galaxy observables can be used to further standardize the absolute magnitudes to better than 0.2 mag .	The absolute magnitudes can be calibrated in two independent ways -- - empirically , using Cepheid-based distances to parent galaxies of SNe Ia , and physically , by light curve and spectrum fitting .
The cosmological constant $ \Lambda $ can be achieved as the result of entangled and statistically correlated minisuperspace cosmological states , built up by using a minimal choice of observable quantities , i.e. $ \Omega_ { m } $ and $ \Omega_ { k } $ , which assign the cosmic dynamics .	In particular , we consider a cosmological model where two regions , corresponding to two correlated eras , are involved ; the present universe description would be , in this way , given by a density matrix $ \hat \rho $ , corresponding to an entangled final state .
The lattice phase structure of a gauge theory can be a serious obstruction to Monte Carlo studies of its continuum behaviour .	This issue is particularly delicate when numerical studies are performed to determine whether a theory is in a ( near- ) conformal phase .
It turns out that there exists three different physical sectors and that it is also possible to describe the motion on an extremal black hole background .	The existence of three sectors clearly shows how one of the spectra proposed is incomplete .
The system is described and examined in great detail , several technical difficulties in detecting fraud are also considered , for it to be applicable in practice .	Opposed to many other approaches , the system uses networks for representation of data .
This was achieved by generalising McCallum 's theory of reduced projection operators .	In this paper we present an extended version of our theory which can be applied to an arbitrary list of formulae , achieving savings if at least one has an equational constraint .
This scheme inspired by the cascaded scheme has the particularity to relax in a frame moving with a velocity field function of space and time .	Its stability is studied first in a linear context then on the non linear test case of the Kelvin-Helmholtz instability .
Based on the results of applying the extended ADC emission model to three Z-track sources : GX340+0 , GX5-1 and CygX-2 , we propose an explanation of the Z-track sources in which the Normal and Horizontal Branches are dominated by the increasing radiation pressure of the neutron star .	The emitted flux becomes several times super-Eddington at the Hard Apex and Horizontal Branch and we suggest that the inner accretion disk is disrupted by this and that part of the accretion flow is diverted vertically .
With a particle mass $ m_\mathrm { p } =1.4 \times 10^4 $ \Msun , Aquarius yields more than 100 million particles within the virial radius of the central halo which has a mass of $ 1.8 \times 10^ { 12 } $ \Msun , similar to that of the Milky Way .	With this particle mass , dark matter concentrations ( haloes ) as small as 10 $ ^6 $ M $ _\odot $ will contain a minimum of 100 particles.Here , we use this simulation to test a model of metal-poor globular cluster formation based on collapse physics .
By exploring the phase space of neighbor distances and thermal expansion rates of the bonds , we determine the conditions under which NTE emerges .	By permitting all bond lengths to expand at different rates , we find that NTE is possible without appealing to fully rigid units .
A crystal plasticity theory was developed for use in simulations of dynamic loading at high pressures and strain rates .	At pressures of the order of the bulk modulus , compressions o ( 100 % ) may be induced .
Players move simultaneously .	We show that when the gambler 's distribution is known , the expected capture time ( with best play ) on any connected $ n $ -vertex graph is exactly $ n $ .
The Oe stars HD45314 and HD60848 have recently been found to exhibit very different X-ray properties : whilst HD60848 has an X-ray spectrum and emission level typical of most OB stars , HD45314 features a much harder and brighter X-ray emission , making it a so-called gamma Cas analogue .	Monitoring the optical spectra could provide hints towards the origin of these very different behaviours .
In addition we show that out of all $ 3 $ -sphere triangulations with eight vertices or less , exactly $ 22 $ admit a non-collapsing sequence onto a contractible non-collapsible $ 2 $ -complex .	As a side product we classify all minimal triangulations of the dunce hat , and all contractible non-collapsible $ 2 $ -complexes with at most $ 18 $ triangles .
Overall local reparametrisation and electromagnetic phase invariances are identified , and a dynamical framework of nonabelian gauge theories of noncompact groups is proposed .	Connections with supersymmetric composite models are noted ( including , for 2+1 dimensions , infrared effective theories of spin-charge separation in models of high-Tc superconductivity ) .
For small planetary masses the standard type-I migration rates are so fast that this may result in an unrealistic loss of planets into the stars .	We investigate the planet-disk interaction in non-isothermal disks and analyze the magnitude and direction of migration for an extended range of planet masses .
Have been analyzed the latest experimental data for $ \gamma + p \to K^ { + } + \Lambda $ reaction of $ C_ { x ' } $ and $ C_ { z ' } $ double polarizations .	In theoretical calculation , all of these observables can be classified into four Legendre classes and represented by associated Legendre polynomial function itself \cite { fasano92 } .
Computing visibilities using the fast wavelet method adapts to the sparse representation of the primary beam and sky intensity in the wavelet basis .	Consequently , the fast wavelet method exhibits superior computational complexity to the real and spherical harmonic space methods and may be performed at substantially lower computational cost , while introducing only negligible error to simulated visibilities .
Using this property , we present a new mechanism for 2D crystal synthesis , i.e.reagent-limited nucleation near an aperture edge followed by reactions that allow crystal growth into the free-space of the aperture .	Such an approach enables us , for the first time , the direct and selective growth of freestanding membranes of atomically thin MoS2 layers across micrometer-scale pre-fabricated solid-state apertures in SiNx membranes .
Including Sommerfeld enhancements to relic abundance and halo annihilation calculations , we obtain direct , indirect , and collider discovery prospects for all neutralinos with mass parameters $ M_1 , M_2 , |\mu| & lt ; 4 $ TeV , that freeze out to the observed dark matter abundance , with scalar superpartners decoupled .	Much of the relic neutralino sector will be uncovered by the direct detection experiments Xenon1T and LZ , as well as indirect detection with CTA .
A classical Monte Carlo simulation equilibrated 26 water molecules with a rigid six-coordinated Li ( H2O ) 6+ complex with periodic boundary conditions in aqueous solution .	With that initial configuration for the molecular dynamics , the six-coordinated structure relaxed into four-coordinated arrangements within 112 fs and stabilized .
We characterized the timescales of changes in X-ray spectral and temporal properties and also in near infrared and/or in radio emission .	We confirmed that state transitions occur in black hole transients at a very similar fraction of their respective Eddington luminosities .
We demonstrate that due to strong modal interactions through cross-gain saturation , the onset of a new lasing mode can switch off an existing mode via a negative power slope .	In this process of interaction-induced mode switching ( IMS ) the two involved modes maintain their identities , i.e.they do not change their spatial field patterns or lasing frequencies .
For $ m=2 $ , our family reduces to the one given by Larsson and Semitecolos in 2001 .	For $ m & gt ; 2 $ , a gap remains between these bounds and the best lower bounds .
We describe searches for decays to two-body charmless final states eta ' eta , eta ' pi0 and eta pi0 of B0 mesons produced in e+e- annihilation .	The data , collected with the BaBar detector at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center , represent 232 million produced B-anti-B pairs .
The optical absorption study in the range of 0.6-5.6 eV shows that the films are transparent below 1.9 eV ; above this energy four broad intense absorption bands are distinguished .	The absorption spectra are analyzed taking into account the unusual fivefold coordination of the Fe ( 3+ ) ion .
We show the effects on the angular power spectrum of cosmic microwave background radiation due to the parametrised modification and its degeneracy to the tensor mode power spectrum index $ n_t $ and its running $ \alpha_t $ .	At last , we report the current status on the detection of modified gravity through the currently available cosmic observations .
For high tensor powers of $ L $ , the asymptotics of the composition of these symbols leads to the star product of a deformation quantization with separation of variables on $ TM $ corresponding to some pseudo-Kaehler structure on $ TM $ .	Surprisingly , this star product is intimately related to the formal symplectic groupoid with separation of variables over $ M $ .
The main theorem states that any morphism between complete Riemannian pseudogroups is complete , has a closure and its maps are \cinf\ along the orbit closures .	Here , completeness and closure are versions for morphisms of concepts introduced by Haefliger for pseudogroups .
The simulation results show clear evidence for the proposed singularity , as well as confirming a previously predicted singularity in the coexistence chemical potential [ Fisher and Upton , Phys.Rev.Lett .	65 , 2402 ( 1990 ) ] .
We derive a mean metallicity of [ Fe/H ] =-1.94+/-0.02 ( statistical ) +/-0.10 ( systematic ) .	The metallicity dispersion of this sample of stars , 0.08 dex , is in agreement with previous work and does not exceed the expected observational errors .
This mechanism depends sensitively on the neutrino transport between the neutrinospheres and the shock .	In light of this , we have performed a comparison of multigroup Boltzmann neutrino transport ( MGBT ) and multigroup flux-limited diffusion ( MGFLD ) in post-core bounce environments .
In simple quantum systems contextuality is indicated by violations of Bell-type or Leggett-Garg-type inequalities .	These inequalities , however , are predicated on the assumption of no-signaling , defined as invariance of the distributions of measurement results with respect to other ( e.g. , earlier in time ) measurements ' settings .
We present in this paper a re-evaluation of the available experimental data for $ ^ { 16 } $ O ( $ n , \gamma $ ) $ ^ { 17 } $ O and derive a new recommendation for the Maxwellian-averaged cross sections ( MACS ) between $ kT $ = 5 $ - $ 100 keV .	Our new recommendations are lower up to $ kT $ = 60 keV compared to the previously recommended values but up to 14\ % higher at $ kT $ = 100 keV .
We perform a census of the young population of Cha II , in a mapped area of ~1.75 square degrees , and study the spatial distribution and properties of the cloud members and candidate pre-main sequence ( PMS ) objects and their circumstellar matter .	From the analysis of the volume density of the PMS objects and candidates we find two tight groups of objects with volume densities higher than 25 solar masses per cubic parsec and 5-10 members each .
One of the main results of the present paper is an explicit construction of the crystal B_0 for the coordinate ring of the ( Langlands dual ) flag variety based on the positive unipotent bicrystal on the open Bruhat cell .	Our general tropicalization procedure assigns to each strongly positive unipotent bicrystal a normal Kashiwara crystal B equipped with the multiplicity erasing homomorphism B -- & gt ; B_0 and the combinatorial central charge B -- & gt ; Z which is invariant under all crystal operators .
In order to attain the requisite sensitivity for LISA - a joint space mission of the ESA and NASA- the laser frequency noise must be suppressed below the secondary noises such as the optical path noise , acceleration noise etc .	By combining six appropriately time-delayed data streams containing fractional Doppler shifts - a technique called time delay interferometry ( TDI ) - the laser frequency noise may be adequately suppressed .
Protein-surface interactions are ubiquitous in biological processes and bioengineering , yet are not fully understood .	In biosensors , a key factor determining the sensitivity and thus the performance of the device is the orientation of the ligand molecules on the bioactive device surface .
This paper presents a novel Coprime Blurred Pair ( CBP ) model for visual data-hiding for security in camera surveillance .	While most previous approaches have focused on completely encrypting the video stream , we introduce a spatial encryption scheme by blurring the image/video contents to create a CBP .
We study multidimensional BSDEs of the form $ $ Y_t = \xi + \int_t^T f ( s , Y_s , Z_s ) ds - \int_t^T Z_s dW_s $ $ with bounded terminal conditions $ \xi $ and drivers $ f $ that grow at most quadratically in $ Z_s $ .	We consider three different cases .
The ACS system consists of an astronomical CCD camera , a fish eye lens , a control computer and associated electronics .	The measurement is carried out during astronomical night .
It is shown that this group , larger than the Poincare group , also contains space-time dilations and local rotations .	It has two Casimir operators , one is the spin and the other is the spin projection on the body frame .
In the present paper , we replace the deterministic truncation of $ U $ by a random one , where each row ( resp .	column ) is chosen with probability $ s $ ( resp .
Magnetism is a consequence of broken time-reversal symmetry while superfluidity results from broken gauge invariance .	The broken symmetry that develops below 17.5K in the heavy fermion compound URu2Si2 has long eluded such identification .
Calculations of the conductance of a carbon nanotube ( CNT ) -molecule-CNT structure are in agreement with experimental measurements [ 1 ] .	The features in the transmission correspond directly to the features of the isolated molecular orbitals .
The oscillations originate from the quantum well states in the spacer , while the existence of the magnetic barrier gives rise to a strong spin polarization and high values of the TMR .	Our results may be useful for the development of spin electronic devices based on coherent transport .
We performed analysis of ASAS-3 ( The All Sky Automated Survey ) data for the years 2002-2008 and amended the value of the rotational period to be 0.826518 d. The amplitude of photometric variations decreased abruptly in the year 2005 , while the mean brightness remained the same , which was interpreted as a quick redistribution of spots .	BVRc and Ic broad band photometric calibration was performed for 166 stars in FR Cnc vicinity .
One particle in a classical perfect gas is driven out of equilibrium by changing its mass over a short time interval .	The work done on the driven particle depends on its collisions with the other particles in the gas .
The fiber is observed to bend when light is launched off-axis .	The displacement angle monotonically increases as a function of the distance between the illumination point and the fiber axis , and is consistent with differential light-induced length changes .
The diversification is based on an idea that popularity of a stock measured by search queries is correlated with the stock riskiness .	We penalize the popular stocks by assigning them lower portfolio weights and we bring forward the less popular , or peripheral , stocks to decrease the total riskiness of the portfolio .
108 , 153603 ( 2012 ) ] , we demonstrated that one can use interference to significantly increase the fidelity of state transfer between two electromagnetic cavities coupled to a common mechanical resonator over a naive sequential-transfer scheme based on two swap operations .	This involved making use of a delocalized electromagnetic mode which is decoupled from the mechanical resonator , a so-called `` mechanically-dark '' mode .
In this scheme , the interference pattern formed during the collision between the pulses pre-accelerates electrons that are then trapped in the wakefield .	Numerical simulations of this process performed with a new Particle-in-Cell code are presented here .
We have applied the same equations to a uniform two-dimensional system and find that , as we alter the chemical potential , an instability develops so that the self-consistent equations no longer have a solution .	This instability , which seems to indicate that interactions restore a transition , occurs at a non-zero value of an effective chemical potential .
We use an accurate implementation of density functional theory ( DFT ) to calculate the zero-temperature generalized phase diagram of the 4 $ d $ series of transition metals from Y to Pd as a function of pressure $ P $ and atomic number $ Z $ .	The implementation used is full-potential linearized augmented plane waves ( FP-LAPW ) , and we employ the exchange-correlation functional recently developed by Wu and Cohen .
Fluctuations in the alpha-effect can be estimated from sunspot data .	Dynamo models with fluctuating parameters reproduce irregularities of solar cycles including the grand activity minima .
The gain of the inverse of the all-pole filter , A ( z ) at z = 1 , i.e , at frequency = 0 , A ( 1 ) corresponds to the sum of LPCs , which has the property of being lower ( higher ) than a threshold for the sonorants ( fricatives ) .	When the inverse-tan of A ( 1 ) , denoted as T ( 1 ) , is used a feature and tested on the sonorant and fricative frames of the entire TIMIT database , an accuracy of 99.07 % is obtained .
Despite the proposal of several theoretical lattice models , however , it remains a doubt whether such a `` romance of flatland '' could exist in a real material .	Here , we present a first-principles design of a two-dimensional ( 2D ) Indium-Phenylene Organometallic Framework ( IPOF ) that realizes a nearly FCB right around the Fermi level by combining lattice geometry , spin-orbit coupling and ferromagnetism .
Integrating the sub-millimeter fluxes of the Spitzer populations , we find the 5.8 micron galaxies contribute 0.12 +/- 0.05 nW/m^2/sr to the 850 micron background , and 2.4 +/- 0.7 nW/m^2/sr to the 450 micron background ; similar contributions are made by the 8 micron-selected sample .	We infer that the populations dominating the 5.8 and 8 micron extragalactic background light also contribute around a quarter of the 850 micron background and the majority of the 450 micron background .
From the comparisons of the current-voltage ( I-V ) characteristics , it is found that up to some constants I-V curves at a given temperature are identical to each other in a broad range of external currents .	Simulations of the Villain model and the modified 2D XY model allowing stronger thermal vortex fluctuations are also performed with RSJ type of dynamics .
RG flow in these spacetimes naturally affects the boundary interactions .	As a consequence the boundary conditions are sensitive to high-energy physics through irrelevant terms in the boundary action .
In this phase gravity is massive , and the Weak Equivalence Principle is respected .	The newtonian potentials are in general modified , but we identify an non-perturbative symmetry that protects them .
It is shown that in an undoped antiferromagnet ( AFM ) the method reproduces the selfconsistent Born approximation .	For finite doping with short range AFM order the approximation evolves into a paramagnon contribution which retains large incoherent contribution in the hole part of the spectral function as well as the hole-pocket-like Fermi surface at low doping .
In this paper , we show that TPL layout decomposition is a more difficult problem than that for DPL .	We then propose a general integer linear programming formulation for TPL layout decomposition which can simultaneously minimize conflict and stitch numbers .
We present our first numerical results of axisymmetric magnetohydrodynamic simulations for neutrino-cooled accretion tori around rotating black holes in general relativity .	We consider tori of mass $ \sim 0.1 $ -- 0.4 $ M_ { \odot } $ around a black hole of mass $ M=4M_ { \odot } $ and spin $ a=0 $ -- $ 0.9M $ ; such systems are candidates for the central engines of gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) formed after the collapse of massive rotating stellar cores and the merger of a black hole and a neutron star .
The problem of finding the ground state of a frustration-free Hamiltonian carrying only two-body interactions between qubits is known to be solvable in polynomial time .	It is also shown recently that , for any such Hamiltonian , there is always a ground state that is a product of single- or two-qubit states .
This is in contrast with traditional black hole thermodynamics , where the entropy is singular .	Once the third law is satisfied , it is straightforward to construct simple ( dual ) quantum systems representing black hole mechanics .
There are no reasons why the energy spectra of the relic gravitons , amplified by the pumping action of the background geometry , should not increase at high frequencies .	A typical example of this behavior are quintessential inflationary models where the slopes of the energy spectra can be either blue or mildly violet .
We review the current status of theoretical study of non-leptonic two body B decays .	There are two independent directions for this purpose .
The formula is convenient for rapidly computing equilibrium configurations of actuated bilayers of general initial shapes .	We use maps of principal curvatures and minimum-curvature direction fields to analyze configurations .
Our data show that the Fermi surface is composed of two electron and two hole sheets in agreement with bandstructure calculations .	Several of the sheets show strong c-axis warping emphasizing the importance of three-dimensionality in the non-magnetic state of the ternary pnictides .
We would like to present some exact SU ( 2 ) Yang-Mills-Higgs dyon solutions of one half monopole charge .	These static dyon solutions satisfy the first order Bogomol'nyi equations and are characterized by a parameter , $ m $ .
We conservatively estimate that , in the redshift range 0.05 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.20 , at least 20 ( out of 99 ) ULIRGs satisfy one or both of these criteria .	We present several cases and discuss the possibility that the progenitors of ULIRGs may be the more classical weakly interacting compact groups of galaxies ( Hickson 1997 ) .
These capabilities will introduce a revolutionary shift in our understanding of the origin and evolution of supermassive black holes by enabling more precise black hole mass measurements in a mass range that is unreachable today .	We present simulations and predictions of the observations of nuclei that will be made with the Thirty Meter Telescope ( TMT ) and the adaptive optics assisted integral-field spectrograph IRIS , which is capable of diffraction-limited spectroscopy from $ Z $ band ( 0.9 $ \mu $ m ) to $ K $ band ( 2.2 $ \mu $ m ) .
The spin dynamics is described in a stochastic relaxation model adapted to the ferromagnetic resonance theory by Smit and Beljers to model the decay of the excited nuclear state .	From the fits of the measured data the shape of the precession cone of the spins is determined .
Multiple Input Multiple Output ( MIMO ) systems have recently emerged as a key technology in wireless communication systems for increasing both data rates and system performance .	There are many schemes that can be applied to MIMO systems such as space time block codes , space time trellis codes , and the Vertical Bell Labs Space-Time Architecture ( V-BLAST ) .
The recent high-statistics high-energy atmospheric neutrino data collected by IceCube open a new window to probe new physics scenarios that are suppressed in lower energy neutrino experiments .	In this paper we analyze the IceCube atmospheric neutrino data to constrain the Violation of Equivalence Principle ( VEP ) in the framework of three neutrinos with non-universal gravitational couplings .
CP violation from physics beyond the Standard Model is investigated in $ B_ { l4 } $ decays : $ B\to D\pi l\bar { \nu } _l $ .	In the decay process , we include various excited states as intermediate states decaying to the final hadrons , $ D+\pi $ .
Assuming no CSI at transmitter , we characterize lower and upper bounds on the secrecy degrees of freedom ( s.d.o.f . )	of the channel at hand .
The effective action and the mean fermion number density of graphene in constant external magnetic field at finite temperature and density are calculated .	Closed expressions for these are given and their variation with temperature are studied .
This semiclassical dynamics will preserve positivity , as expected , so an improvement of the earlier proposals by Aleksandrov and by Boucher and Traschen is achieved .	Coupling of quantized matter to gravity is illustrated by a simplistic example .
The magnetization behaviour of the soft Cobalt Ferrite-hard Strontium Ferrite nanocomposite is tuned from the non exchange spring nature to the exchange spring nature , by controlling the particle size of the soft Cobalt Ferrite in the Cobalt Ferrite : Strontium Ferrite ( 1:8 ) nanocomposite .	The relative strength of the interaction governing the magnetization process in the nanocomposites is investigated using Henkel plot and First Order Reversal Curve ( FORC ) method .
The influence of a neighboring metal electrode and an electrode thickness on this condition are analyzed .	Different practical schemes of the proposed display with a special reference to M/CaF_2/Si structure are considered .
As compared with the convex regularization approaches ( say , $ L_ { 1 } $ regularization ) , however , the convergence issue of the corresponding algorithms are more difficult to tackle .	In this paper , we deal with this difficult issue for a specific but typical nonconvex regularization scheme , the $ L_ { 1/2 } $ regularization , which has been successfully used to many applications .
Of particular interest is the case when the parameters are dependent .	Our study allows us to consider the representation theory of a two-parameter version of the Virasoro enveloping algebra .
To improved more security , embedding and extraction Watermark process should be complex against attackers .	Recent research indicates SVD ( Singular Value Decomposition ) algorithms are employed owing to their simple scheme with mathematical function .
Local BRST cohomological classes are characterized , besides the form degree and the ghost number , by the length of their descents and of their lifts , and this both in the standard and the extended antifield formalism .	It is shown that during the BRST invariant renormalization of a local BRST cohomological class , the anomaly that can appear is constrained to be a local BRST cohomological class with a shorter descent and a longer lift than the given class .
Such a cancellation can plausibly appear within several classes of SUSY breaking models .	Assuming this cancellation takes place , we perform an analysis of the b- & gt ; s\gamma decay .
As compared to Einstein gravity , the presence of the Gauss-Bonnet term decreases this domain , leading to lower values for the maximum mass as well as to smaller central densities .	The quadrupole moment is decreased by the Gauss-Bonnet term for rapidly rotating neutron stars , while it is increased for slowly rotating neutron stars .
We report on Australia Telescope observations of the massive star forming region G305.2+0.2 at 1.2 cm .	We detected emission in five molecules towards G305A , confirming its hot core nature .
We explore here a new mechanism by which the out of equilibrium decay of heavy gravitinos , followed by possible R-parity violating decays in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model ( MSSM ) can generate the baryon asymmetry of the universe .	In this mechanism , gravitino decay produces a CP-asymmetry that is carried by squarks or sleptons .
We study the probability densities of finite-time or \local Lyapunov exponents ( LLEs ) in low-dimensional chaotic systems .	While the multifractal formalism describes how these densities behave in the asymptotic or long-time limit , there are significant finite-size corrections which are coordinate dependent .
It is found that both phonon sidebands possess asymmetric lineshape and their energy spacings from the zero phonon line strongly deviate from the characteristic energy of LO phonons as the temperature increases .	Furthermore , the deviation rates of one and two phonon sidebands are significantly different .
The ejected material contributes to a radioactively-powered electromagnetic transient , with properties that depend sensitively on the composition of the outflow .	Here we investigate how the spin of the black hole remnant influences mass ejection on the thermal and viscous timescales .
The first is how the radio jet propagates , and disrupts , in the cooling core environment : why are these cluster-center radio sources unusual ?	The second is the effect the radio jet has on the cooling core : is it energetically important to the core ?
For a tilted vortex line consisting of 2D vortices the equation of viscous motion in the presence of a transport current parallel to the layers is obtained .	The specific structure of the vortex line core leads to a new dynamic behavior and to substantial deviations from the Bardeen-Stephen theory .
A random variable ( r.v . )	X is said to follow Benford 's law if log ( X ) is uniform mod 1 .
Matter 15 5865 , and Senatorski and Infeld 2004 J.Phys . : Condens .	Matter 16 6589 ) the authors confirmed Feynman 's hypothesis on how circular vortices can be created from oppositely polarized pairs of linear vortices ( first paper ) , and then gave examples of the creation of several different circular vortices from one linear pair ( second paper ) .
We show that $ C ( L ) $ is isomorphic to a hyperbolic right-angled reflection group if and only if $ L $ can be realized as an acute triangulation .	The proof relies on the theory of CAT ( -1 ) spaces .
Those shear states are homogeneous , and become intermittent in the quasi-static regime .	When I increases in the intermediate regime , we measure an approximately linear decrease of the solid fraction from the maximum packing value , and an approximately linear increase of the effective friction coefficient from the static internal friction value .
We find that the radius and the phase shift of the resonant motion are not correctly described by the analytical equations because of the dynamic distortion of a vortex core .	In contrast , the initial tilting angle of a vortex core is free from the distortion and determined by the nonadiabaticity of the spin torque .
In this paper , we present a new algorithm based on unrolling the decoding tree of the code that improves the speed of list decoding by an order of magnitude when implemented in software .	Furthermore , we show that for software-defined radio applications , our proposed algorithm is faster than the fastest software implementations of LDPC decoders in the literature while offering comparable error-correction performance at similar or shorter code lengths .
A simple illustrative wave function with only three variational parameters is suggested to calculate the binding energy of negatively charged excitons ( X- ) as a function of quantum well width .	The results of calculations are in agreement with experimental data for GaAs , CdTe and ZnSe quantum wells , which differ considerably in exciton and trion binding energy .
Such situation may occur in the progenitors of Type Ia supernovae and in coalescing neutron star binaries .	Using an energy variational principle , we show that tidal field reduces the central density of the compact object , making it more stable against radial collapse .
We have applied this result in the gravothermal collapse phenomenon .	We have discussed the equivalence between Tsallis and the Kaniadakis statistics in the context of Verlinde entropic formalism .
Then the challenging problem becomes to fulfil the qualitative investigation based on the study of the Liouville foliation of the phase space .	As the first approach to topological analysis of this system we find the stratified critical set of the momentum map ; this set consists of the trajectories with number of frequencies less than three .
Spectra of astronomical targets acquired from ground-based instruments are affected by the atmospheric transmission .	The authors and their institutes are developing a web-based service , TAPAS ( Transmissions of the AtmosPhere for AStromomical data ) .
IRS2 is associated with the UCHII region G206.543-16.347 and the infrared source IRAS 05393-0156 .	We show that much of the mid-infrared emission towards IRS2 , as well as the far infrared emission peaking at ~ 100 micron , do not originate in the direct surroundings of IRS2 , but instead from an extended molecular cloud .
We present a rigorous derivation of a real space Full-Potential Multiple-Scattering-Theory ( FP-MST ) , valid both for continuum and bound states , that is free from the drawbacks that up to now have impaired its development , in particular the need to use cell shape functions and rectangular matrices .	In this connection we give a new scheme to generate local basis functions for the truncated potential cells that is simple , fast , efficient , valid for any shape of the cell and reduces to the minimum the number of spherical harmonics in the expansion of the scattering wave function .
The growth of the characteristic length scale L ( t ) exhibits an effective super-diffusive growth exponent that can be interpreted as a positive logarithmic-like correction to a diffusive growth , i.e. , L ( t ) ~ ( t ln t ) ^ { 1/2 } .	In order to understand this behavior , we introduced a simple phenomenological model of coarsening based on the annihilation dynamics of a vortex-antivortex pair , incorporating the effect of vortex inertia and logarithmically divergent mobility of the vortex .
We obtain explicit upper bounds for the order parameters of equilibrium liquid crystal configurations in terms of the temperature , material constants , boundary conditions and the domain geometry .	These bounds are compared with the bounds predicted by the statistical mechanics definition of the $ \Qvec $ -tensor order parameter .
The variational cluster approximation ( VCA ) proposed by M. Potthoff { \it et al . } [ Phys.Rev.Lett .	{ \bf 91 } , 206402 ( 2003 ) ] is extended to electron or spin systems with nonlocal interactions .
These distribution functions are used to create radial density and velocity distributions for comparison to those from simulations .	A wide variety of $ N $ -body code conditions are used to reduce the chance that results are biased by numerical issues .
Based on the current understanding , according to which the structure-determining interaction in amorphous solids is the hard-core repulsion while weaker , longer-range interactions are mere perturbations , the model yields the average coordination in the solid as a result of a hyperquenching process where the instantaneous structure of the precursor liquid snapshot is distorted to the same degree required to quench the hard-sphere liquid into the isostatic jammed state at 64 % volume fraction .	The characteristic length of distortion turns out to be about 3 % of the particle diameter .
In this paper , an algorithm for nonnegative matrix approximation is proposed .	This method mainly bases on the active set and the quasi-Newton type algorithm , by using the symmetric rank-one and negative curvature direction technologies to approximate the Hessian matrix .
Namely , in the absence of magnetic flux all odd molecular states decouple from the leads , but all even molecular states decouple from the leads when an appropriate magnetic flux is introduced .	Interestingly , the antiresonance position in the electron transport spectrum is independent of the change of the decoupled molecular states .
In this work , we show that magnetic fluctuations of topological insulators couple to the electromagnetic fields exactly like the axions , and propose several experiments to detect this dynamical axion field .	In particular , we show that the axion coupling enables a nonlinear modulation of the electromagnetic field , leading to attenuated total reflection .
UV Photons impinging the Europa 's surface can also result in neutral atom release via photon-stimulated desorption ( PSD ) and chemical change ( photolysis ) .	In this work , we study the efficiency of the IS and PSD processes for ejecting water molecules , simulating the resulting neutral H2O density .
Segmentation is often an essential intermediate step in image analysis .	A volume segmentation characterizes the underlying volume image in terms of geometric information -- segments , faces between segments , curves in which several faces meet -- as well as a topology on these objects .
We use this unique material to analyze the behavior of interstellar extinction and to trace the detailed structure of the Third Galactic Quadrant ( TGQ ) .We find that the Outer ( Cygnus ) grand design spiral arm is traced by stellar and CO components while the Perseus arm is traced solely by CO and is possibly being disrupted by the crossing of the Local ( Orion ) arm .	The Local arm is traced by CO and young stars toward l = 240 degrees and extends for over 8 kpc along the line of sight reaching the Outer arm .
Among them , the Z parameters or pseudo-observables , the de-convoluted cross sections and those dressed with QED radiation , and finally the forward-backward asymmetries .	The calculations are performed both for a completely inclusive experimental set-up and for a realistic one , i.e.a set-up with cuts on the acollinearity angle , on the energy of the outgoing fermions or on their invariant mass and angular acceptance .
This cesium accumulates in herbs growing in such territories .	The problem is whether the herbs contaminated by radiocesium may be used as a raw material for medicine .
In this paper we ask whether rocket motion can be powered only by the emission of gravitational waves .	We use the double series approximation method and show that this is possible .
We present an integral study of pairs of Co atoms on insulating Cu2N/Cu ( 100 ) , which each have a Kondo temperature of only 2.6 K. In order to cover the different regions of the phase space , the pairs are designed to have interaction strengths similar to the Kondo temperature .	By applying a sufficiently strong magnetic field , we are able to access a new phase in which the two coupled impurities are simultaneously screened .
It is scalable to very large networks and does not need any priori knowledge about number of communities or any threshold value .	It has O ( e ) time-complexity where e is the number of edges in the network .
We present results for a suite of fourteen three-dimensional , high resolution hydrodynamical simulations of delayed-detonation modelsof Type Ia supernova ( SN Ia ) explosions .	This model suite comprises the first set of three-dimensional SN Ia simulations with detailed isotopic yield information .
This suggests that a diffusive shock acceleration theory in the linear test particle regime , which is commonly used to link the radio spectral index to the Mach number , is invalid for this relic .	We also measured the temperature difference across the western part of the relic , where a shock with $ M \simeq 1.6 $ is suggested from the X-ray surface brightness analysis of the XMM-Newton data , and obtained consistent results in an independent way .
We use the Wess-Zumino-Witten like open superstring field theory formulated by Berkovits to study the tachyon potential for this system .	The tachyon potential lies outside the universality class of the D-brane anti-D-brane system .
At one loop , we prove that for some choices of these orderings there is the absence of IR/UV mixing and the appearance of massless excitations .	A supersymmetric extension of the model is also studied .
In the collapsing core of massive stars , the standing accretion shock instability ( SASI ) can drive spiral modes that efficiently redistribute angular momentum .	This process can impart a spin to the forming neutron star even when the progenitor star is non-rotating .
In this article we show that the dynamics in the presence of coupling to the cavity mode can be described solely by a modified time evolution of the wave numbers .	In particular , we show that collective excitations with a well- defined wave number pass without dispersion from negative to positive valued wave numbers without populating the zero wave number spin wave mode .
In this talk , I present a theory of quantum gravity beyond Einstein .	The theory is established based on spinnic and scaling gauge symmetries by treating the gravitational force on the same footing as the electroweak and strong forces .
This paper investigates the dynamics of a particle orbiting around a rotating homogeneous cube , and shows fruitful results that have implications for examining the dynamics of orbits around non-spherical celestial bodies .	This study can be considered as an extension of previous research work on the dynamics of orbits around simple shaped bodies , including a straight segment , a circular ring , an annulus disk , and simple planar plates with backgrounds in celestial mechanics .
Quantum effects are mainly used for the determination of molecular shapes in molecular biology , but quantum information theory may be a more useful tool to understand the physics of life .	Organic molecules and quantum circuits/protocols can be considered as hardware and software of living systems that are co-optimized during evolution .
The World Space Observatory is an unconventional space project proceeding via distributed studies .	The present design , verified for feasibilty , consists of a 1.7-meter telescope operating at the second Largangian point of the Earth-Sun system .
The aim is to use compact astrophysical objects like neutron stars as an indicator to test holographic equations of state .	We first try an EoS from a dense D4/D8/\textoverline { D8 } model .
We are conducting a redshift survey of 177 flat-spectrum radio sources in 3 samples covering the 5GHz flux ranges 50-100 , 100-200 and 200-250 mJy .	So far , we have measured 124 redshifts with completenesses of 80 % , 68 % and 58 % for the bright , intermediate , and faint flux ranges .
The GCT is an innovative dual-mirror solution proposed for the small-size telescopes for CTA , capable of imaging primary cosmic gamma-rays from below a TeV to hundreds of TeV .	The reduced plate scale resulting from the secondary optics allows the use of compact photosensors , including multi-anode photomultiplier tubes or silicon photomultipliers .
The quantum Poincare mapping has fixed points at the eigenenergies of the original bound Hamiltonian .	The energy dependent quantum propagator ( E - H ) ^ ( -1 ) can be decomposed in terms of the four energy dependent propagators which propagate from and/or to CS to and/or from configurational SOS ( which may generally be composed of many disconnected parts ) .
We then investigate whether the observations are consistent with a theoretical model of solar-cycle dependent meridional circulation based on a flux-transport dynamo combined with a geostrophic flow caused by increased radiative loss in the active region belt ( the only existing quantitative model ) .	We find that the model and the data are in qualitative agreement , although the amplitude of the solar-cycle variation of the meridional flow at 60 Mm is underestimated by the model .
It includes several existing channel models as special cases : $ K $ -user MIMO Y channel , multi-pair MIMO two-way relay channel , generalized MIMO two-way X relay channel , and $ L $ -cluster MIMO multiway relay channel .	Previous studies mainly considered the achievability of the DoF cut-set bound $ 2N $ at the antenna configuration $ N & lt ; 2M $ by applying signal alignment .
In particular , the use of a low probing frequency could lead to non detection of short outages , as well as to an inaccurate estimation of the outage duration statistics .	Overcoming this lack of accuracy is relevant to properly assess SLA violations and establish the basis for insurance claims .
A brief review is given of the sign problem in finite density lattice QCD and various attempts to overcome it .	To date there is still no solution to this problem which would work for realistic QCD .
We implement a spatial light modulator with 8-bit transmission control for the per-site adjustment of the trap depth and the number of atoms loaded .	We combine single-site addressing , trap depth control , and atom transport in one configuration for demonstrating the splitting of atom ensembles with variable ratio at predefined register sites .
This exotic radiation supports the existence of static traversible wormhole solutions , analogous to Morris-Thorne wormholes .	Since the field equations are explicitly integrable , concrete examples can be given of various dynamic wormhole processes , as follows .
For the parametrized contour of the form $ z=a\sqrt { b+i c x } $ , we found that there exists an equivalent Hermitian Hamiltonian provided that $ a^ { 2 } c $ is taken to be real .	The equivalent Hamiltonian is $ b $ -independent but the metric operator is found to depend on all the parameters $ a $ , $ b $ and $ c $ .
Deep neural networks ( DNN ) abstract by demodulating the output of linear filters .	In this article , we refine this definition of abstraction to show that the inputs of a DNN are abstracted with respect to the filters .
However , collisions with electrons couple much more efficiently to the spin state of hydrogen than do collisions with other hydrogen atoms and thus become important once the ionized fraction exceeds ~1 % .	Here we compute the rate at which electron-hydrogen collisions change the hydrogen spin .
Our aim is to explore the origin , and particularly the cycle dependence of such a phenomenon using three-dimensional dynamo simulations .	We adopt a simple model of a turbulent dynamo in a shearing box driven by helically forced turbulence .
Recently it was shown that complex Langevin dynamics fails in the disordered phase in the case of the three-dimensional XY model , while it appears to work in the entire phase diagram in the case of the three-dimensional SU ( 3 ) spin model .	Here we analyse this difference and argue that it is due to the presence of the nontrivial Haar measure in the SU ( 3 ) case , which has a stabilizing effect on the complexified dynamics .
Various representations of the anomalous dimensions are derived both in the non-local and the local light cone expansion and their properties are discussed in detail .	Evolution equations for these operators are derived using different representations .
Due to their benefits , choreographies have been largely adopted for the writing of business processes and communication protocols .	However , current choreography language models can not capture many kinds of communication structures , limiting their applicability .
By measuring the voltage at the collector while scanning the tip , we are able to obtain images with arcs that are consistent with the expected cyclotron motion .	We also demonstrate that the tip can be used to redirect misaligned carriers back to the collector .
} } , Science { \bf { 349 } } , 283 ( 2015 ) ] , we study the mechanism of skyrmion generation by simulating the dynamics of stripe domains .	Our theory for skyrmion generation is based on the fact that there are two half skyrmions attached to the ends of a stripe domain .
The cooperation of one team of motors generates long-range transport , which we observed experimentally in vitro .	Transport by two teams of motors leads to a variety of bidirectional motility behaviour and to dynamic instabilities reminiscent of spontaneous symmetry breaking .
We study the stellar and star formation ( SF ) properties of the host galaxies of 58 X-ray selected AGN in the GOODS portion of the Chandra Deep Field South ( CDF-S ) region at z~0.5-1.4 .	The AGN are selected such that their rest-frame UV to near-IR SEDs are dominated by stellar emission , i.e. , they show a prominent 1.6micron bump , thus minimizing the AGN emission 'contamination ' .
It is based on the theory of large random matrices that predicts that the eigenvalue spectra of large sample covariance matrices can asymptotically decompose into disjoint bulks as the matrix size grows large .	Random matrix and free probability theory are utilized to predict under which system parameters such a bulk decomposition takes place .
This article continues the study of computable elementary topology started by the author and T. Grubba in 2009 and extends the author 's 2010 study of axioms of computable separation .	Several computable T3- and Tychonoff separation axioms are introduced and their logical relation is investigated .
We present methods to reduce the time complexity of the algorithm and report on experiments on deriving language models for a speech recognition task .	The experiments show the advantage of model merging over the standard bigram approach .
The approach is both theoretical and numerical , using a computer algebra system ( CAS ) .	From the latter point of view , we have adopted a cubic piecewise polynomial representation for the heat capacity and reached an excellent agreement between the available empirical data and the evaluated one .
The consequent gamma-ray fluxes easily exceed the EGRET limit at 100 MeV .	This conclusion can be avoided only if most of the hard X-ray emission from Coma is not produced by Inverse Compton Scattering ( ICS ) .
We detect no signatures of spatial modulations along the nodal direction in Bi2201 , thus clarifying the inter-unit-cell momentum-structure of charge order .	We also resolve the intra-unit-cell symmetry of the charge ordered state , which is revealed to be best represented by a bond-order with modulated charges on the O-2p orbitals and a prominent d-wave character .
We argue that , in these cases , a program should not be viewed solely as the set of its models .	Instead , it should be viewed and manipulated as the set of sets of models of each rule inside it .
Corrected recoil jet distributions , reported in the range $ 0 & lt ; p_ { T , jet } ^ { ch } & lt ; 30 $ GeV/c , are used to measure jet yield suppression , jet energy loss , and intra-jet broadening .	The first search for QCD Moli\`ere scattering of jets in hot QCD matter at RHIC is reported .
It was shown by Bieberbach that Brillouin zones tile the underlying space and that each zone has the same area .	We generalize the notion of Brillouin Zones to apply to an arbitrary discrete set in a proper metric space , and show that analogs of Bieberbach 's results hold in this context .
We study the thermodynamic stability of warped black holes in three-dimensional topologically massive gravity .	The spacelike stretched black hole is parametrized by its mass and angular momentum .
We analyse the global structure of time-dependent geometries dual to expanding plasmas , considering two examples : the boost invariant Bjorken flow , and the conformal soliton flow .	While the geometry dual to the Bjorken flow is constructed in a perturbation expansion at late proper time , the conformal soliton flow has an exact dual ( which corresponds to a Poincare patch of Schwarzschild-AdS ) .
In this paper we show that thin shells in spherically symmetric spacetimes , whose matter content is described by a pair of non-interacting spherically symmetric matter fields , generically exhibit instability against an infinitesimal separation of its constituent fields .	We give explicit examples and construct solutions that represent a shell that splits into two shells .
The LXe target and veto are contained in a low-radioactivity stainless steel vessel , embedded in a passive radiation shield .	The experiment is installed underground at the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso ( LNGS ) , Italy and has recently published results from a 100 live-days dark matter search .
We study the efficiency with which the dilaton $ \phi $ runs away towards its `` fixed point '' at infinity during a primordial inflationary stage , and thereby approximately decouples from matter .	The residual dilaton couplings are found to be related to the amplitude of the density fluctuations generated during inflation .
We calculate the anomalies associated with the BRST supercurrent and the ghost number supercurrent .	From those expressions of anomalies , we construct covariant BRST and ghost number supercurrents in the effective theory .
We explore the idea that gravitational interaction can be described by instantaneous inter-particle potentials .	This idea is in full accord with relativistic quantum theory .
Then we construct non asymptotic and nonparametric testing procedures that are adaptive in the sense that they achieve , up to a possible logarithmic factor , the optimal uniform separation rates over various Besov bodies simultaneously .	These procedures are based on model selection and thresholding methods .
This is attributed to force chains created by a network of small W particles .	Interrupted tests at different levels of strain revealed the mechanisms of fracture under dynamic compression .
This allows us to define a deformation , or $ q $ -analogue , of these algebras which depends on a parameter $ q $ .	We determine the irreducible representations of all of these algebras and give a basis for their radicals .
Pointing the antennas to yield the strongest received power is shown to significantly reduce RMS delay spreads in line-of-sight ( LOS ) environments .	A new term , distance extension exponent ( DEE ) is defined , and used to mathematically describe the increase in coverage distance that results by combining beams from angles with the strongest received power at a given location .
We use a generalized velocity dispersion , which includes rotation , to be able to compare the location of both rotationally and pressure supported dEs with those of early and late-type galaxies .	We find that dEs seem to bend the Faber-Jackson relation of Es to lower velocity dispersions , being the link between Es and dwarf spheroidal galaxies ( dSphs ) .
We present the results of a search for the transit of the Earth-mass exoplanet Alpha Centauri Bb with the Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) .	We observed Alpha Centauri B twice in 2013 and 2014 for a total of 40 hours .
We realize coupling strengths exceeding ten MHz under mechanical driving and show that our system has the potential to reach strong coupling .	Our novel hybrid system forms a resource for future experiments on spin-based cantilever cooling and coherent spin-oscillator coupling .
As new IoT networking standards are being proposed and different existing solutions patched , evaluating the end-to-end performance of the network becomes challenging .	Specific solutions designed to be beneficial , when stacked may have detrimental effects on the overall network performance .
Do the SU ( 2 ) intertwiners parametrize the space of the EPRL solutions to the simplicity constraint ?	What is a complete form of the partition function written in terms of this parametrization ?
We derive an easy-to-use $ \gamma $ -ray production matrix for cosmic rays with energies up to about 10 PeV .	This $ \gamma $ -ray production matrix is applied to the GeV excess in diffuse Galactic $ \gamma $ -rays observed by EGRET , and we conclude the non- $ \pi^0 $ decay components are insufficient to explain the GeV excess , although they have contributed a different spectrum from the $ \pi^0 $ -decay component .
We present a derivation of a coarse-grained model from the Langevin dynamics .	The focus is placed on the memory kernel function and the fluctuation-dissipation theorem .
Thus , a system of deformable objects immersed in a host liquid that is randomly stirred is considered , where the objects interact with each other via the host liquid .	Keeping expressions in the first order in the density of objects and in deviation of objects shapes from spherical , the shape of each object is expanded in spherical harmonic modes and the correlations of these modes are derived .
In certain conditions the separation of charge is C and CP asymmetric and can leave a net excess of hadrons over antihadrons in the conventional phase , even if the visible universe is globally baryon symmetric $ B = 0 $ .	In this case an equal , but negative , overall baryon charge must be hidden in the lumps of novel phase .
A new construction allows for simpler proofs of stronger results .	Very general conformal measures are considered .
The distribution of these events as a function of the $ \gamma p $ centre of mass energy is consistent with diffractive scattering .	For total transverse energies above 12 GeV , the hadronic final states show predominantly a two-jet structure with each jet having a transverse energy greater than 4 GeV .
In this paper we show that the posterior probabilities for all the n ( n - 1 ) potential edges can be computed in O ( n 2^n ) total time .	This result is achieved by a forward-backward technique and fast Moebius transform algorithms , which are of independent interest .
A starting shared secret key is used and the method can be described as an unlimited one-time-pad extender .	It is demonstrated that the minimum probability of error in signal determination by the eavesdropper can be set arbitrarily close to the pure guessing level .
A teleparallel manifold is defined as a parallelizable differentiable 4D-manifold endowed with a class of smooth coframe fields related by global Lorentz , i.e. , SO ( 1,3 ) transformations .	In this article a general free parametric class of teleparallel models is considered .
Some recent studies have shown that many voters tend to shape their preferences for the political parties by choosing different parties in these two election contests .	This type of behavior referred to by Smith et al .
Two subsequent paths are observed : ( i ) The stalk encircles a hole in one bilayer creating a diaphragm comprised of both leaves of the other intact bilayer , and which ruptures to complete the fusion pore .	( ii ) Before the stalk can encircle a hole in one bilayer , a second hole forms in the other bilayer , and the stalk aligns and encircles them both to complete the fusion pore .
First we show that representation embeddings between categories of modules of finite-dimensional algebras induce embeddings of lattices of pp formulas and hence are non-decreasing on Krull-Gabriel dimension and uniserial dimension .	A consequence is that the category of modules of any wild finite-dimensional algebra has width $ \infty $ and hence , if the algebra is countable , there is a superdecomposable pure-injective representation .
Direct observation through a transparent solid shows that each bubble in the trail results from the early coalescence of several microscopic bubbles , themselves detaching from microscopic gas pockets forming between the solids .	From a detailed study of the wear tracks , with atomic force and scanning electron microscopy imaging , we conclude that these microscopic gas pockets originate from a local fracturing of the surface asperities , possibly enhanced by chemical reactions at the freshly created surfaces .
Quantum dots are artificial atoms used for a multitude of purposes .	Charge defects are commonly present and can significantly perturb the designed energy spectrum and purpose of the dots .
It was shown by Gillespie ( 1974 ) that if two genotypes produce the same average number of offspring on but have a different variance associated within each generation , the genotype with a lower variance will have a higher effective fitness .	Specifically , the effective fitness is W ( effective ) =w-var/N , where w is the mean fitness , var is the variance in offspring number , and N is the total population size .
We find that J- [ 4.5 ] & gt ; 4.95 , redder than any other brown dwarf known to date .	With theoretical evolutionary models and ages 1.5-2.7 Gyr , we estimate the brown dwarf companion to have mass & lt ; 10-13 Jupiter masses and temperature & lt ; 400 K , providing evidence that this is among the coolest brown dwarfs currently known .
Three of the brown dwarfs have Halpha emission equivalent widths of order 100 \AA , suggestive that they may have accretion disks and thus are the substellar equivalent of Classical T Tauri stars .	We have derived the Initial Mass Function for the cluster .
These new findings increase the tally of known Earth co-orbitals to 17 .	The three of them currently exhibit asymmetric horseshoe behaviour subjected to a Kozai resonance and their short-term orbital evolution is rather unstable .
This paper demonstrates a dynamical evolution model of the black hole ( BH ) horizon .	The result indicates that a kinetic area-cells model of the BH 's horizon can model the evolution of BH due to the Hawking radiation , and this area-cell system can be considered as an interacting geometrical particle system .
The shifting of the Fermi energy level indicates self-doping .	Calculation of electron density shows a weak coupling between the silicon layer and graphene substrate .
A significant asymmetry in the distribution of faint blue stars in the inner Galaxy , Quadrant 1 ( l = 20 to 45 degrees ) compared to Quadrant 4 was first reported by Larsen & amp ; Humphreys ( 1996 ) .	Parker et al ( 2003 , 2004 ) greatly expanded the survey to determine its spatial extent and shape and the kinematics of the affected stars .
Fourier ptychographic microscopy ( FPM ) is a new computational imaging technique that circumvents this limit by fusing information from multiple images taken with different illumination angles .	The result is a gigapixel-scale image having both wide FOV and high resolution , i.e.large space-bandwidth product ( SBP ) .
Let the weight of an arm be the mean of its reward distribution .	Our goal is to identify a basis of $ \mathcal { M } $ with the maximum total weight , using as few samples as possible .
Based on Fisher information formalism , we examine how accurately the tensor-to-scalar ratio and reheating temperature after inflation can be simultaneously determined with space-based gravitational wave detectors such as the DECI-hertz Interferometer Gravitational-wave Observatory ( DECIGO ) and the Big-Bang Observer ( BBO ) .	We show that the reheating temperature is best determined if it is around 10^7 GeV for tensor-to-scalar ratio of around 0.1 , and explore the detectable parameter space .
In categorical quantum mechanics , classical structures characterize the classical interfaces of quantum resources on one hand , while on the other hand giving rise to some quantum phenomena .	In the standard Hilbert space model of quantum theories , classical structures over a space correspond to its orthonormal bases .
A pattern peculiar to supergroups is the emergence of another class of models , whose simplest representative is the $ OSP ( 1/2 ) /OSP ( 0/2 ) $ sigma model , where the ( non unitary ) orthosymplectic symmetry is realized non linearly ( and can be spontaneously broken ) .	For most models , we provide an integrable lattice realization .
We discuss the collision dynamics of non-Abelian vortices in the cyclic phase of a spin-2 BEC .	In the latter part , we show that a knot , which is a unique topological object characterized by a linking number or a Hopf invariant [ $ \pi_3 ( S^2 ) =Z $ ] , can be created using a conventional quadrupole magnetic field in a cold atomic system .
We generalize previous work on early photoionization to CDM models with Omega & lt ; 1 .	Such models have received recent interest because the excess power in the large-scale galaxy distribution is phenomenologically fit if the `` shape parameter '' Gamma=h Omega_0 is about 0.25 .
We consider Approval Voting systems where each voter decides on a subset to candidates he/she approves .	We focus on the optimization problem of finding the committee of fixed size k minimizing the maximal Hamming distance from a vote .
No programming language is designed in a vacuity , but it solves some specific kinds of problems .	There is a different framework for each problem and best suitable framework for each problem .
It will be shown that aging in glass formers is not a sufficient requirement .	As an instance , memory effects typical of glasses are not compatible with a unique effective temperature .
We adopt an unbiased kinetic SZ filter ( UF ) and matched filter ( MF ) to maximize the cluster kSZ signal to noise ratio .	We find that the use of Planck CMB maps in conjunction with the currently existing ROSAT cluster sample improves current upper limits on the bulk flow determination by a factor \sim 5 ( \sim 10 ) when using the MF ( UF ) .
For different values for the current in the wire hence different solutions such as hump or hole solitons may be generated .	The possibility to observe these structures in experiments is also elucidated .
Some known results and open problems about Kaehler groups ( fundamental groups of compact Kaehler manifolds ) are discussed .	A new notion of Kaehler homomorphism is introduced .
The alternative then is to use order by order ( loop by loop ) integration in which the first integral is of the triangle diagram type .	However , the na\ '' { i } ve momentum integration of this leads to wrong results .
In rest of the thesis we discuss alternative approaches to compute the fluxes of Hawking radiation .	These methods are based on covariant gauge/gravitational anomalies and chiral effective action .
Moreover , even for a shallow distribution of galactic cosmic-ray sources and a reacceleration model , fluctuations arising from source discreteness provide a probability only of the order of 10 % that the cosmic-ray anisotropy limits of the recent IceCube analysis are met .	This probability estimate is nearly independent of the exact choice of source rate , but generous for a large halo size .
For quark chemical potentials smaller than the tricritical one the second-order phase transition belongs to the O ( 4 ) universality class .	For temperatures below the tricritical one we find initially a weak first-order phase transition which is commonly seen in model studies and also in recent lattice simulations .
Multiple nested grids are used in order to study both global and local features around the planet .	By means of different viscosity prescriptions , we investigate various temperature regimes .
The present work tackles the existence of local gauge symmetries in the setting of Algebraic Quantum Field Theory ( AQFT ) .	The net of causal loops , previously introduced by the authors , is a model independent construction of a covariant net of local C*-algebras on any 4-dimensional globally hyperbolic spacetime , aimed to capture some structural properties of any reasonable quantum gauge theory .
Traffic marking is an important component of this framework .	In this paper , we propose two new aggregate markers that are stateless , scalable and fair .
The BPS condition for a probe M5-brane extending along all of AdS_4 requires it to wrap a surface embedded in an S^2-fibration over M_3 .	We find that the projection of this surface to M_3 can be either a geodesic or a tubular surface around a geodesic .
We constrain the physics of inflation via Gaussianity , adiabaticity , the power spectrum shape , gravitational waves , and spatial curvature .	We also constrain the properties of dark energy , parity-violation , and neutrinos .
We establish that whenever there is a nonzero minimal uncertainty in momentum , i.e. , for $ \alpha \ne 0 $ , the correction to the harmonic oscillator eigenvalues due to the electric field is level dependent .	In the opposite case , i.e. , for $ \alpha = 0 $ , we recover the conventional quantum mechanical picture of an overall energy-spectrum shift even when there is a nonzero minimum uncertainty in position , i.e. , for $ \beta \ne 0 $ .
The transition from neutral to charged exciton in the PL occurs at a more negative voltage than the corresponding transition in absorption .	We have developed a model of the Coulomb blockade to account for this observation .
For relatively large volume , non-axisymmetric bound shapes are explicitly calculated and shown to be stable .	Osmotic deflation of such a vesicle leads back to axisymmetric shapes , and , finally , to a collapsed state of the vesicle .
( 2012 ) void catalog , which was derived from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey Data Release 7 main sample and luminous red galaxy catalogs .	The construction of that void catalog removes potential shape measurement bias by using a modified version of the ZOBOV algorithm and by removing voids near survey boundaries and masks .
The overall results for the energy levels and magnetic moments are in rather good agreement with the available experimental data .	We have also reported competition of proton- and neutron-pair breakings analysis to identify which nucleon pairs are broken to obtain the total angular momentum of the calculated states .
Are the voids filled by dwarf galaxies ?	Do cosmological models predict too many small dark matter haloes inside the voids ?
We include the latest dark matter constraints from the XENON100 experiment , marginalising over astrophysical and particle physics uncertainties .	We present Bayesian posterior and profile likelihood maps of the highest resolution available today , obtained from up to 350M points .
The Cronin effect can be explained in terms of final-state interaction for both $ \pi $ and $ p $ .	The structure of jets produced in AuAu is different from that in $ pp $ collisions .
The results are also compared with existing approaches .	The effective vector-boson approximation in this form is accurate enough to reproduce the complete calculation within 10 % .
Estimators so constrained have singular distributions ; the proposed solutions are not necessarily minimizing ; and heretofore undiscovered bounds are exhibited for the ridge parameter .	None of the considerable literature on estimation , prediction , cross -- validation , choice of ridge parameter , and related issues , collectively known as ridge regression , is consistent with constrained optimization , nor with corresponding inequality constraints .
To this end , we introduce a decidable logic aimed at database analysis .	Our logic extends quantifier-free Linear Integer Arithmetic with operators from Relational Algebra , like selection and cross product .
We also compute the leading twist contributions of the polarized structure functions $ g_ { 1 } ( x ) $ and $ g_ { 2 } ( x ) $ in this model .	We compare the model predictions on these structure functions with data from the E143 experiment by GLAP evolving them from the scale characteristic for the NJL-model to the scale of the data .
We study the phase structure of a three dimensional Abelian Higgs model with singly- and doubly-charged scalar fields coupled to a compact Abelian gauge field .	The model is pretending to describe systems of strongly correlated electrons such as high-Tc superconductivity in overdoped regime and exotic phases supporting excitations with fractionalized quantum numbers .
The source has shown prominent IDV as well as long-term flux variations .	The IDV time scale does show evidence in favor of an annual modulation , suggesting that the IDV of 0716+714 is dominated by interstellar scintillation .
Models of hierarchical galaxy formation predict that large numbers of low-mass , dark matter halos remain around galaxies today .	These models predict an order of magnitude more halos than observed stellar satellites in the Local Group .
We present a combined analysis of XMM-Newton , Chandra and Rosat observations of the isolated neutron star RXJ0720.4-3125 , spanning a total period of \sim 7 years .	We develop a maximum likelihood periodogramme for our analysis based on the \Delta C-statistic and the maximum likelihood method , which are appropriate for the treatment of sparse event lists .
Our sample includes nearly all spectroscopically-targeted galaxies in the redshift range 0.01 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.1 down to an apparent extinction-corrected limit of g & lt ; 16 mag .	In addition to T-Types we record the existence of bars , rings , lenses , tails , warps , dust lanes , arm flocculence and multiplicity .
In sub-100 nm junctions produced using a nanostencil process a bistable state with two distinct resistance values is observed .	Current sweeps at fixed applied fields reveal hysteretic and abrupt transitions between these two resistance states .
Here we generalize the Bloch decomposition-based time-splitting pseudospectral method to the stochastic setting using the generalize polynomial chaos with a Galerkin procedure so that the main effects of dispersion and periodic potential are still computed together .	We prove that our method is unconditionally stable and numerical examples show that it has other nice properties and is more efficient than the traditional method .
In this work , we study the effect of this 1 bit information on the equivocation expressed in three commonly used information theoretic measures , i.e. , the Shannon entropy , the Renyi entropy and the min entropy .	We then demonstrate its applications in an interference channel with a confidential message .
It has been widely used in several countries , especially in the monitoring of HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted infections .	Hard-to-reach populations have had a key role in the dynamics of such epidemics and must inform evidence-based initiatives aiming to curb their spread .
Motivated by the upcoming Higgs analyzes we investigate the importance of the complementarity of the Higgs boson chase on the low mass WIMP search in direct detection experiments and the gamma-ray emission from the Galactic Center measured by the Fermi-LAT telescope in the context of the $ SU ( 3 ) _c\otimes SU ( 3 ) _L\otimes U ( 1 ) _N $ .	We obtain the relic abundance , thermal cross section , the WIMP-nucleon cross section in the low mass regime and network them with the branching ratios of the Higgs boson in the model .
Solar eruptions and high flare activity often accompany the rapid rotation of sunspots .	The study of sunspot rotation and the mechanisms driving this motion are therefore key to our understanding of how the solar atmosphere attains the conditions necessary for large energy release.Aims .
We have annotated the data , developed a language identifier , a normalizer , a part-of-speech tagger and a shallow parser .	To the best of our knowledge , we are the first to attempt shallow parsing on CSMT .
An analysis of archival mid-infrared ( mid-IR ) spectra of Seyfert galaxies from the Spitzer Space Telescope observations is presented .	We characterize the nature of the mid-IR active nuclear continuum by subtracting a template starburst spectrum from the Seyfert spectra .
After appropriate averaging and rescaling , the data for the 1000 most highly capitalized stocks collapse onto a single function , giving average price shift as a function of trade size .	This function increases as a power that is the order of 1/2 for small volumes , but then increases more slowly for large volumes .
The gains of the reconfigured control laws are selected first by employing a geometric approach where a set of controllers guarantees that the output of the faulty agent imitates that of the healthy agent and the consensus achievement objectives are satisfied .	Next , the remaining degrees of freedom in the selection of the control law gains are used to minimize the bound on a specified $ H_ { \infty } $ performance index .
The equations in question describe the nonlinear interaction of long-wavelength equatorial Rossby waves and barotropic Rossby waves with a significant midlatitude projection in the presence of suitable horizontally and vertically sheared zonal mean flows .	Below we present a Hamiltonian structure for Majda-Biello system and describe all generalized symmetries and conservation laws for the latter .
A fast and accurate code has been written using this numerical formulation .	The results are presented by first defining a reference set of physical parameters based on experimental data from high performance discharges .
25 ( 2011 ) 333-359 ) .	Since any \delta-hyperbolic graph is cop-win for s=2r and s'=r+2\delta for any r & gt ; 0 , this establishes a new - game-theoretical - characterization of Gromov hyperbolicity .
This paper presents results of an all-sky searches for periodic gravitational waves in the frequency range [ 50 , 1190 ] Hz and with frequency derivative ranges of [ -2 x 10^-9 , 1.1 x 10^-10 ] Hz/s for the fifth LIGO science run ( S5 ) .	The novelty of the search lies in the use of a non-coherent technique based on the Hough-transform to combine the information from coherent searches on timescales of about one day .
For any finite N we find Luttinger liquid behavior and explicitly calculate the anomalous dimension gamma^ ( N ) .	However , the Luttinger liquid state does not preclude coherent interchain hopping .
A pressure induced transitions from the orthorhombic Pbnm phase towards structures with higher symmetry were observed in all the samples .	Both Raman and X-ray data confirm that the most important structural effect of pressure is that of reducing the octahedral distortion .
We demonstrate an amplitude-based micro-displacement sensor that uses a plastic photonic bandgap Bragg fiber with one end coated with a silver layer .	The reflection intensity of the Bragg fiber is characterized in response to different displacements ( or bending curvatures ) .
In the AGEMAP genomics study , researchers were interested in detecting genes related to age in a variety of tissue types .	After not finding many age-related genes in some of the analyzed tissue types , the study was criticized for having low power .
Beros showed that for any Polish group G , every K-sigma subgroup of G is compactly generated iff every countable subgroup of G is compactly generated .	Beros showed that any K-sigma subgroup of Z^omega ( infinite product of the integers ) is compactly generated and more generally , for any Polish group G , if every countable subgroup of G is finitely generated , then every countable subgroup of G^omega is compactly generated .
The Fermi Large Area Telescope ( LAT ) consists of 16 towers , each incorporating a tracker made up of a stack of 18 pairs of orthogonal silicon strip detectors ( SSDs ) , interspersed with tungsten converter foils .	The strip numbers of the struck strips in each SSD plane are collected by two read controllers ( RCs ) , one at each end , and nine RCs are connected by one of eight cables to a cable controller ( CC ) .
We obtain analytically the scaling form of the distribution of the position $ x ( t ) $ of a particle , the probability of it not returning to the origin and the distributions of first passage times , in an infinite sample as well as in the presence of a boundary and in a finite size sample .	We compute the distribution of meeting time of two particles .
A dispersed Dyck path ( DDP ) of length n is a lattice path on $ N\times N $ from ( 0,0 ) to ( n,0 ) in which the following steps are allowed : `` up '' ( x , y ) $ \to $ ( x+1 , y+1 ) ; `` down '' ( x , y ) $ \to $ ( x+1 , y-1 ) ; and `` right '' ( x,0 ) $ \to $ ( x+1,0 ) .	An ascent in a DDP is an inclusion-wise maximal sequence of consecutive up steps .
In the case of full efficiency of type-I migration predicted by the linear theory , we found that protoplanets that migrate to the vicinity of the host star undergo close scatterings and collisions , and 4 to 6 planets eventually remain in mutual mean motion resonances and their orbits have small eccentricities and they are stable both before and after disk gas decays .	In the case of slow migration , the resonant capture is so efficient that densely-packed ~ 40 small protoplanets remain in mutual mean motion resonances .
We present a general approach to the pricing of products in finance and insurance in the multi-period setting .	It is a combination of the utility indifference pricing and optimal intertemporal risk allocation .
The time evolution of a squeezed coherent state conditioned by the results of a single and double heterodyne measurement is discussed .	The mean values of quadratures as well as the dynamics of quadrature uncertainties have been obtained within the framework of the theory of continuous measurements based on filtration equations .
The example of the three-dimensional Heisenberg model with trapped disorder is considered .	It is shown that the glass transition appears when the fluctuations scale reaches the frustrations scale , and the mass of the gauge field becomes equal to zero .
The main new concept of the paper is the homotopy equivalence of Hopf-Galois extensions .	We work in the particular case where the subalgebra of coinvariants is central but without any restriction on the Hopf algebras coacting on the quantum principal bundle .
The first is a natural generalization of single-valued averaged mappings to expansive , set-valued mappings that characterizes a type of strong calmness of the fixed point mapping .	The second component to this analysis is an extension of the well-established notion of metric subregularity -- or inverse calmness -- of the mapping at fixed points , what we simply call metric regularity on a semi-pointwise set in the graph of the mapping .
For example , a neural network might give an image of a dog the probability of one in a million of being a cat but it is still much larger than the probability of being a car .	To reveal the hidden structure in them , we apply two unsupervised learning algorithms , PCA and ICA , to the outputs of a deep Convolutional Neural Network trained on the ImageNet of 1000 classes .
The NUV pulsed fraction is 70 +/- 12 % .	The spectral slope of the dereddened phase-integrated spectrum in the 1800 - 3200 A range is 0.35 +/- 0.5 which together with the high pulse fraction indicates a non-thermal origin for the NUV emission .
Here , we quantitatively determine the potential of mean force between the centers of mass of two ring polymers , i.e.loops .	We find that the transition from a linear to a ring polymer induces a strong increase in the entropic repulsion between these two polymers .
In our version , the items are owned by agents , and each agent can misrepresent the set of items she owns -- -either by avoiding reporting some of them ( understating ) , or by reporting additional ones that do not exist ( overstating ) .	Each agent 's objective is to maximize , within the items chosen for inclusion in the knapsack , the total valuation of her own chosen items .
Already at this minimum temperature and density , the beam averaged CI-column density is large , 2.1 10^18 cm^-2 , confirming the high CI/CO abundance ratio of approximately 0.5 estimated earlier from the 492 GHz line alone .	We argue that the [ CI ] emission from M82 most likely arises in clouds of linear size around a few pc with a density of about 10^4 cm^-3 or slightly higher and temperatures of 50 K up to about 100 K .
We also show here , and in a media video representation of the computed orbits , how the spherical satellite instantaneous orbital plane and eccentricity evolve .	We also explicitly verify the conservation of the total angular momentum and energy of the system , prolate plus satellite , while the intrinsic rotational angular momentum and energy of the prolate changes with time at the expense of the orbital energy and angular momentum of the sphere .
We construct excited states of fundamental strings that admit a semiclassical description as rotating circular loops of string .	We identify them with the supergravity solutions for rotating dipole rings .
Clustering is one of the widely used data mining techniques for medical diagnosis .	Clustering can be considered as the most important unsupervised learning technique .
For Th ( $ ^3 $ P $ _0 $ ) , we study electronic inelastic processes and find no quenching even after $ 10^6 $ collisions .	We also determine the radiative lifetime of Th ( $ ^3 $ P $ _0 $ ) to be $ \tau & gt ; 130 $ ms .
The automorphism group contains at least a Z_2 as a subgroup corresponding to the charge conjugation .	We show that in several models there exist extra elements other than the charge conjugation and that the automorphism group can be larger than Z_2 .
We find several relations for the individual GRB pulses between the spectral lag and other observables , such as the luminosity , pulse duration , and peak energy ( Epeak ) .	The obtained results are consistent with those for BATSE , indicating that the BATSE correlations are still valid at lower energies ( 6-25 keV ) .
Several possible reconstructions based around triangular motifs are investigated .	The quenching of the dipole moment in the material dominates the energetics of the surface patterns so that no one particular size of surface triangular island or pit is strongly favoured .
These fluctuations turn out to be $ O ( \hbar^ { 1/2 } ) $ in the small $ \hbar $ ( high energy ) limit .	For comparison , any corrections due to scars from isolated periodic orbits would also be $ O ( \hbar^ { 1/2 } ) $ .
Recently such scheme has been discussed by Lin et al .	Lins scheme is based on partial delegation by Mambo et al .
This article describes sample preparation procedures and analytical benchmarks for 7Be and 10Be measurements at the Xian Accelerator Mass Spectrometry ( Xian-AMS ) laboratory for the study of rainwater samples .	We describe a sample preparation procedure to fabricate beryllium oxide ( BeO ) AMS targets that includes co-precipitation , anion exchange column separation and purification .
The goal of colour refinement is to find a stable colouring that uses a minimum number of colours .	This is a widely used subroutine for graph isomorphism testing algorithms , since any automorphism needs to be colour preserving .
We define the ( n , \epsilon ) -capacity of the Gel'fand-Pinsker channel as the maximal rate of transmission of a message subject to the condition that the length of the block-code is n and the average error probability is no larger than \epsilon .	This paper provides a lower bound for the ( n , \epsilon ) -capacity of the Gel'fand-Pinsker channel model , and hence an upper bound on the dispersion , a fundamental second-order quantity in the study of the performance limits of discrete memoryless channels .
In order to simulate 3D fluid flow , we use an averaging method for the flow problem coupled to the phase-field method and the Semi-Implicit Approximated Projection Method ( SIAPM ) .	We describe a parallel implementation for the algorithm , using Charm++ FEM framework , and demonstrate its efficiency .
This is one of two papers about emergence , reduction and supervenience .	It expounds these notions and analyses the general relations between them .
We analyze a multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) radar model and provide recovery results for a compressed sensing ( CS ) approach .	In MIMO radar different pulses are emitted by several transmitters and the echoes are recorded at several receiver nodes .
Radiatively inefficient accretion flows ( RIAFs ) are supposed in these faint sources , which should radiate mostly in the hard X-ray band .	We calculate the contribution to the X-ray background from both the bright AGNs and the RIAFs in faint AGNs/normal galaxies .
We show that classical counterparts of SES and LDOS in the case of strong chaotic motion reveal quite a good correspondence with the quantum quantities .	We also show that the main features of the SES and LDOS can be explained in terms of the underlying classical dynamics , in particular of certain periodic orbits .
The Gaussian $ K $ -user interference and $ M\times K $ X channels are investigated with no instantaneous channel state information ( CSI ) at transmitters .	First , it is assumed that the CSI is fed back to all nodes after a finite delay ( delayed CSIT ) , and furthermore , the transmitters operate in full-duplex mode , i.e. , they can transmit and receive simultaneously .
The psi^prime to J/psi cross section ratio was measured in the range 0.55 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.9 and 60 & lt ; W & lt ; 190 GeV as a function of W , z and p_T .	Here W denotes the photon-proton centre-of-mass energy , z is the fraction of the incident photon energy carried by the meson and p_T is the transverse momentum of the meson with respect to the beam axis .
Critically , we show that our method does not require the user to be a nanophotonic expert or to perform any manual tuning .	Instead , we are able to design devices solely based on the users desired performance specification for the device .
In systems characterized by a rough potential energy landscape , local energetic minima and saddles define a network of metastable states whose topology strongly influences the dynamics .	Changes in temperature , causing the merging and splitting of metastable states , have non trivial effects on such networks and must be taken into account .
We look at regression models and the effect of randomly changing coefficients , where the change is either smoothly in time or some other dimension or even without any such structure .	Fitting varying-coefficient models or mixture models can be appropriate solutions but are computationally very demanding and often return more information than necessary .
The radial velocity of the third star indicates that it is a cluster member , but it is unclear whether it is physically associated with the eclipsing binary .	Using spectroscopic and photometric data , we deconvolve the photometry of the three stars , and find that the primary star in the eclipsing binary is significantly hotter than the turnoff .
This device does the unambiguous ( error free ) discrimination of pair of states of the data qubit that are symmetrically located about a fixed state .	The device is used to discriminate both , linearly polarized states and elliptically polarized states .
This solution becomes the ordinary AdS-Schwarzschild solution when the squashing parameter is chosen appropriately .	Motivated by this fact , we study N=4 super Yang-Mills theory with zero coupling constant on a squashed three sphere and show that the thermodynamical entropy of this theory roughly agrees with that of the warped AdS black hole up to a factor of 3/4 .
Through the Schwarz lemma , we provide a new point of view on three well-known results of the geometry of hyperbolic surfaces .	The first result deal with the length of closed geodesics on hyperbolic surfaces with boundary ( Thurston , Parlier , Papadopoulos-Th\'eret ) .
} { |\psi^ { ( k ) } ( 1 ) | } \Bigr ] ^ { 1/k } $ and $ \frac12 $ are the best possible .	In passing , some related inequalities and ( logarithmically ) complete monotonicity results concerning the gamma , psi and polygamma functions are surveyed .
The non-perturbative long-distance matrix elements are evaluated using operator evolution equations .	It is found that the color-singlet $ ^1D_2 $ contribution is tiny , while the color-octet channels make dominant contributions .
Like normal modes , these localised solutions are characterised by collective oscillations at the lattice sites with a uniform time-dependence .	The proof of existence uses the comparison principle for differential equations to demonstrate that at each lattice site every half of the fundamental period of oscillations , contributing to localised solutions of the nonlinear lattice , is sandwiched between two oscillatory states of auxiliary linear equations .
The quality factor of the resonance exceeds in tens times the quality factor of resonances in known plasmonic structures .	The designed metamaterial is envisioned for aggregating with a pumped active medium to achieve an enhancement of luminescence and to produce an all-dielectric analog of a `` lasing spaser '' .
This procedure is interesting both from a theoretical and a practical point of view .	In particular , a linearization algorithm is needed for the Compositional Interchange Format ( CIF ) , an automaton based modeling language .
As the position of the well is varied , the ground state undergoes jumps , called shocks or static avalanches .	We introduce an efficient and systematic method to compute the statistics of avalanche sizes and manifold displacements .
According to modern quantum physics , at the microlevel , the dimension of space-time is at least 11 ; we only observe 4 dimensions because the others are compactified : the size along each of the other dimensions is much smaller than the macroscale .	There is no universally accepted explanation of why exactly 4 dimensions remain at the microscopic level .
They are also related to certain models of Lorentzian gravity in theoretical physics .	We first show that the language on a two letter alphabet that naturally encodes culminating paths is not context-free .
Second , we show that the core phase space densities of dwarf spheroidals , rotating dwarf and low surface brightness galaxies , and clusters of galaxies decrease with increasing velocity dispersion like Q ~ sigma^-3 ~ M^-1 , as predicted by a simple scaling argument based on merging equilibrium systems , over a range of about eight orders of magnitude in Q .	We discuss the processes which set the overall normalization of the observed phase density hierarchy .
A maximum principle is derived for the curvature of combinatorial Yamabe flow under certain assumptions on the triangulation , and hence the heat operator is shown to be parabolic-like .	The maximum principle then allows a characterization of the curvature as well was a proof of long term existence of the flow .
We explore the problem of time in quantum gravity in a point-particle analogue model of scale-invariant gravity .	If quantized after reduction to true degrees of freedom , it leads to a time-independent Schr\ '' odinger equation .
In this paper we prove that a single forbidden subgraph $ R $ can create a non trivial class of hamiltonian graphs if $ R $ is disconnected : $ ( \ast1 ) $ every $ ( K_1\cup P_2 ) $ -free graph either is hamiltonian or belongs to a well defined class of non hamiltonian graphs ; $ ( \ast2 ) $ every 1-tough $ ( K_1\cup P_3 ) $ -free graph is hamiltonian .	We conjecure that every 1-tough $ ( K_1\cup P_4 ) $ -free graph is hamiltonian and every 1-tough $ P_4 $ -free graph is hamiltonian
In addition , a strain-induced solid surface free energy increase/decrease takes place , favoring/disfavoring surface melting depending on the sign of strain relative to surface stress .	In the latter case one can produce a strain-induced prewetting transition , where for increasing temperature the liquid film suddenly jumps from zero to a finite thickness .
The results suggest that much of the star formation at high redshift may be hidden to optical observations .	In this paper we present wide-area 850-micron SCUBA data on the Hawaii Survey Fields SSA13 , SSA17 , and SSA22 .
The pressure dependence of the resistivity and structure of La0.60Y0.07Ca0.33MnO3 has been explored in the pressure range from 1 atm to ~7 GPa .	The metal to insulator transition temperature ( TMI ) was found to reach a maximum and the resistivity achieves a minimum at ~3.8 GPa .
The obtained internal energy curves show a bound state , even in the case of fully spin polarized matter .	We have also investigated the validity of using a parabolic formula for calculating the energy of spin polarized liquid $ ^3 { \rm He } $ .
We present diffuse Lyman-alpha halos ( LAHs ) identified in the composite Subaru narrowband images of 100-3600 Lyman-alpha emitters ( LAEs ) at z=2.2 , 3.1 , 3.7 , 5.7 , and 6.6 .	First , we carefully examine potential artifacts mimicking LAHs that include a large-scale point-spread function ( PSF ) made by instrumental and atmospheric effects .
For positive integers $ n $ and $ k $ , the expression $ aw ( [ n ] , k ) $ denotes the smallest number of colors with which the integers $ \ { 1 , \ldots , n\ } $ can be colored and still guarantee there is a rainbow arithmetic progression of length $ k $ .	We establish that $ aw ( [ n ] ,3 ) =\Theta ( \log n ) $ and $ aw ( [ n ] , k ) =n^ { 1-o ( 1 ) } $ for $ k\geq 4 $ .
These form factors are functions of the squared four-momentum transfer $ Q^2 $ between the electron and the proton .	The two main classes of observables of this reaction are the scattering cross section and polarization asymmetries , both of which are sensitive to the form factors in different ways .
We analyze the monopole in the peculiar velocities of 44 Type Ia supernovae ( SNe Ia ) to test for a local void .	The sample extends from 20 to 300 Mpc/h , with distances , deduced from light-curve shapes , accurate to ~6 % .
A test measurement was carried out with a beam of 124Xe at an energy of ~55 MeV/u .	The beam ions were Coulomb excited to the first 2+ state on a movable target .
We argue that the asymmetric morphology of the blue and red shifted components of the outflow at hundreds of AU from the massive binary system Eta Carinae can be understood from the collision of the primary stellar wind with the slowly expanding dense equatorial gas .	Recent high spatial observations of some forbidden lines , e.g . [ Fe III ] lambda4659 , reveal the outflowing gas within about one arcsecond ( 2300 AU ) from Eta Car .
The 'hidden order ' is identified as an incommensurate , momentum-carrying hybridization between the light hole band and the heavy electron band .	This modulated hybridization appears after a Fano hybridization at higher temperatures takes place .
We concentrate on thin walls between non-equal and non-positive cosmological constants on each side of the wall .	These vacuum domain walls fall in three classes depending on the value of their energy density $ \sigma $ : ( 1 ) \ extreme walls with $ \sigma = \sigma_ { { \text { ext } } } $ are planar , static walls corresponding to supersymmetric configurations , ( 2 ) \ non-extreme walls with $ \sigma = \sigma_ { { \text { non } } } & gt ; \sigma_ { { \text { ext } } } $ correspond to expanding bubbles with observers on either side of the wall being { \em inside\/ } the bubble , and ( 3 ) \ ultra-extreme walls with $ \sigma = \sigma_ { { \text { ultra } } } & lt ; \sigma_ { { \text { ext } } } $ represent the bubbles of false vacuum decay .
Within a $ 100\hmpc $ we get $ 257\pm 44\kms $ towards $ ( l , b ) = ( 279^\circ , 10^\circ ) $ within a $ 6^\circ $ error .	These directions are at a $ 40^\circ $ with the Supergalactic plane , close to the apex of the motion of the Local Group of galaxies after the Virgocentric infall correction .
The 10 year lightcurve of Cen A is presented , and hardness ratios confirm that the spectral shape changes very little despite the luminosity varying by a factor of a few .	Primarily , we establish the presence of a reflection component in the average spectrum by demonstrating an excess between 20-60 keV , from extending the spectral shape observed at low energy to the SPI regime .
Although the Hamiltonian has translation invariance , the ground state spontaneously exhibits a self-similarity .	Scaling and multi-fractal analysis for the wave functions are performed and the scaling indices $ \alpha $ 's are obtained .
In the presence of external pressure , the pressure gradient set up within a self-gravitating isothermal cloud leads to a non-uniform density distribution .	Thus the local environment of a cloud influences its internal structure .
The transformed Hamiltonian , which we call the pump built-in Hamiltonian , has parameters that depend on the strength of the pump beam .	Using the pump built-in Hamiltonian , we can calculate nonlinear responses ( responses to probe beams as a function of the pump beam ) by applying the { \em linear } response theory .
Lower and upper approximations are two core concepts of rough sets .	This paper studies generalized rough sets based on symmetric and transitive relations from the operator-oriented view by matroidal approaches .
We examine the constraints on models of weakly interacting massive particle ( WIMP ) dark matter from the recent observations of the Galactic center by the High Energy Spectroscopic System ( HESS ) telescope .	We analyze canonical WIMP annihilation into Standard Model particle final states , including b/b-bar , t/t-bar and W^+ W^- .
As such , the detections made by photometric transit surveys are one of the only foreseeable ways that the areas of planetary interiors , system dynamics , migration , and formation will acquire more data .	Predicting the yields of these surveys therefore serves as a useful statistical tool .
The previously best known algorithm by McDermid has the same approximation ratio but runs in $ O ( n^ { 3/2 } m ) $ time , where $ n $ denotes the number of people and $ m $ is the total length of the preference lists in a given instance .	Also the algorithm and the analysis are much simpler .
New IRAM 30m HERA CO ( 2-1 ) data of NGC 4501 and NGC 4567/68 are presented .	We find an increase in the molecular fraction where the ISM is compressed .
In this paper we show that this is the case by using symmetry reduction techniques and introducing a new system that is equivalent to the Ericksen-Leslie equations and includes disclination dynamics .	The resulting equations of motion are verified to be completely equivalent , although one of the two different reductions offers the possibility of accounting for orientational defects .
Recently , several research works have been made to extend P2P systems to be able to share data having a fine granularity ( i.e.atomic attribute ) and to process queries written with a highly expressive language ( i.e.SQL ) .	These works have led to the emergence of P2P data sharing systems that represent a new generation of P2P systems and , on the other hand , a next stage in a long period of the database research area . ?
The photometric and spectroscopic properties of 26 well observed Type Ia Supernovae ( SNeIa ) were analyzed with the aim to explore SNIa diversity .	The sample includes ( Branch- ) normal SNe as well as extreme events like SNe 1991T and 1991bg , while the truly peculiar SNIa , SN2000cx and SN2002cx are not included in our sample .
Wave function collapse is seen to be a useful but fundamentally unnecessary piece of prudent book keeping which is only valid for macro-systems .	The new interpretation lies in a class of modal interpretations in that it applies to quantum systems that interact with a much larger environment .
Spanning is proved via a new straightening algorithm for expanding elements of the representation into this basis .	For skew shapes , this algorithm specializes to the classical straightening law .
Unlike traditional logics such as first-order logic and simple type theory , Chiron admits undefined terms that result , for example , from a function applied to an argument outside its domain or from an improper definite or indefinite description .	The most noteworthy part of Chiron is its facility for reasoning about the syntax of expressions .
Multiple terrestrial and space-based telescopes have been proposed for detecting and tracking near-Earth objects ( NEOs ) .	Detailed simulations of the search performance of these systems have used complex computer codes that are not widely available , which hinders accurate cross-comparison of the proposals and obscures whether they have consistent assumptions .
For Pd/Cu , compressive strain is released by networks of misfit dislocations running in the [ 100 ] and [ 010 ] directions , which appear after a few monolayers already .	In striking contrast , for Cu/Pd the tensile overlayer remains coherent up to about 9 ML , after which multilayer growth occurs .
We measure carbon radio recombination line ( RRL ) emission at 5.3 GHz toward four HII regions with the Green Bank Telescope ( GBT ) to determine the magnetic field strength in the photodissociation region ( PDR ) that surrounds the ionized gas .	Roshi ( 2007 ) suggests that the non-thermal line widths of carbon RRLs from PDRs are predominantly due to magneto-hydrodynamic ( MHD ) waves , thus allowing the magnetic field strength to be derived .
This is consistent with the fraction of binary/multiple systems found among older pre-main-sequence T Tauri stars in each of the Taurus , rho Ophiuchi , and Chamaeleon star-forming regions over a similar separation range , as well as the combined companion star fraction for these regions .	However , the companion star fraction for solar-type , and lower mass M dwarf , main-sequence stars in the solar neighborhood in this separation range ( 11 % +/- 3 % ) is approximately one-half that of our sample .
We develop a stream function approach for the horizontal Hele-Shaw , Saffman-Taylor finger .	The model yields a nonlinear time-dependent differential equation .
A secondary eclipse of this depth corresponds to a day-side Ks-band brightness temperature of TB = 1636 +/- 88 K. Our thermal emission measurement when combined with the thermal emission measurements using Spitzer/IRAC from O'Donovan and collaborators suggest that this planet exhibits relatively efficient day to night-side redistribution of heat and a near isothermal dayside atmospheric temperature structure , with a spectrum that is well approximated by a blackbody .	It is unclear if the atmosphere of TrES-2b requires a temperature inversion ; if it does it is likely due to chemical species other than TiO/VO as the atmosphere of TrES-2b is too cool to allow TiO/VO to remain in gaseous form .
[ GGW89 ] presumes a condition on the arms called the martingale assumption .	Recently , A. Gupta et al .
Although the X-ray data suggest that the system is a high-mass X-ray binary , very little information exists on the nature of the optical counterpart .	We have analysed all RXTE observations since its discovery , archived optical spectroscopic and photometric data and obtained for the first time near-IR spectra .
We present the bubble nucleation solution for the viscous limit .	The decay rate of the field is constrained by published KSZ data , and may be an explanation of current excess ISW correlations .
The morphology of the diffuse emission strongly resembles that of a pulsar wind nebula .	The spectrum of the compact source is well-characterized by a power-law with index Gamma approx 1.3 , typical of young and energetic rotation-powered pulsars .
However , the recent discovery of the powerful class of zero-determinant strategies in the iterated prisoner 's dilemma suggests that we may have underestimated the degree of control that a single player can exert .	Here , we develop a theory for zero-determinant strategies for multiplayer social dilemmas , with any number of involved players .
A natural consequence is a version of Askey-Wilosn type Picard theorem .	We also give an alternative and self-contained characterisation of the kernel functions of the Askey-Wilson operator .
We use the reduced system to characterize the macroscopic chaos using Lyapunov exponents , bifurcation diagrams , and time-delay embeddings .	Finally , we show that the emergence of chaos stems from the formation of multiple groups of synchronized oscillators , i.e. , meta-oscillators .
No significant excess over the Standard Model expectation is observed .	The results are interpreted in several simplified supersymmetric models and extend the exclusion limits from previous searches .
Recently , a novel gravity theory called hybrid metric-Palatini gravity was put forward to cure or improve their individual deficiencies .	The action of this gravity theory is a hybrid combination of the usual Einstein-Hilbert action and a $ f ( \mathcal { R } ) $ term constructed by the Palatini formalism .
However , extended formalisms have been established -- which involve integral formulations -- that take account of the spatial extent of the constituent particles .	In particular , the extended second -- order SPFT takes account of both the size of the constituent particles and their statistical distributions .
We interpret this emission as synchrotron radiation from accelerated electrons at the SNR shock , as seen in SN 1006 .	The surface brightness of the X-ray emission is anti-correlated with the radio emission , and the power-law spectrum is dominated at the western shell where the radio emission is weak .
The magnetic field which induced by the thermo-electric current in metals was detected and measured using of a flux-gate magnetometer .	It is shown that the application of a temperature gradient on a metal rod gives rise to a circulating current therein and induces a magnetic field in the vicinity of its surface .
The present results show unequivocally that ( VO ) _2P_2O_7 is best described as an alternating spin-chain directed along the crystallographic b-direction .	In addition to the expected magnon with magnetic zone-center energy gap \Delta = 3.1 meV , a second excitation is observed at an energy just below 2\Delta .
Radio structure suggestive of the torus seen around the Crab pulsar is tentatively identified .	We also compared the new image with one taken ~15 yr earlier at 1.5 GHz , both to find the expansion speed of the remnant and to make a spectral index image .
The theory of multidimensional persistent homology was initially developed in the discrete setting , and involved the study of simplicial complexes filtered through an ordering of the simplices .	Later , stability properties of multidimensional persistence have been proved to hold when topological spaces are filtered by continuous functions , i.e.for continuous data .
We introduce partially ordered sets ( posets ) with an additional structure given by a collection of vector subspaces of an algebra $ A $ .	We call them algebraically equipped posets .
This paper studies the corresponding quantization in flat Euclidean 4-space .	The resulting ghost operator is a fourth-order elliptic operator , while the operator P on perturbations of the potential is a sixth-order elliptic operator .
The problem of multi-agent learning and adaptation has attracted a great deal of attention in recent years .	It has been suggested that the dynamics of multi agent learning can be studied using replicator equations from population biology .
Its pulse times of arrival are well modeled by a comprehensive pulsar binary model including its three-dimensional orbit and a noise model that incorporates correlated noise such as jitter and red noise .	Its timing residuals have weighted root mean square $ \sim 92 $ ns .
We study the localization of a cluster of activated vertices in a graph , from adaptively designed compressive measurements .	We propose a hierarchical partitioning of the graph that groups the activated vertices into few partitions , so that a top-down sensing procedure can identify these partitions , and hence the activations , using few measurements .
In our previous study , we found that large-scale stellar bars at & gt ; 1 kpc from the nucleus are more common in NLS1 's than BLS1 's .	In this paper we find that NLS1 's preferentially have grand-design dust spirals within approx .
This model yields results for the evolution of glassy dynamics which are identical with the ones obtained from the mode-coupling theory for ideal liquid -- glass transitions .	The decay of density fluctuations outside the transient regime is shown to be given by a superposition of Debye processes .
The attractiveness of this approach is that the comparison of estimated ( 56 ) Ni masses circumvents errors associated with the uncertainty in the adopted values of reddening and distance .	We demonstrate that these two methods provide consistent estimates of the amount of ( 56 ) Ni synthesized .
In this case , the Minkowski content and the fractal curvatures of a self-similar set can be expressed completely in terms of the volume function or curvature data , respectively , of the generator of the tiling .	In special cases such formulas have been obtained recently using tube formulas and complex dimensions or as a corollary to results on self-conformal sets .
We lower bound , uniformly on $ L $ , the spectral gap by applying a generalization of the Cheeger 's inequality .	These results are usefulfor deriving spectral properties for non local Cahn-Hilliard type of equations in problems of interface dynamics .
Among the active galaxies , quasars are the most extreme , and their black hole masses range as high as to $ 6\cdot 10^ { 10 } M_\odot $ .	Binary black holes are of special interest but so far OJ287 is the only confirmed case with known orbital elements .
This scenario does not exclude the channel in which formerly more massive donor stars underwent CNO processing in ystems that underwent thermal timescale mass transfer .	Implications for the progenitors of CVs are discussed .
Such optimals , however , fail to elicit a significant response from the system in the nonlinear regime .	Thus , streamwise-inhomogeneous , sub-optimal disturbances are focussed upon ; nonlinear quadratic interactions are immediately evoked by such initial perturbations and an unstable streamwise-homogeneous large amplitude mode rapidly emerges .
We also present a new combinatorial interpretation of cluster variables in terms of perfect matchings of a graph after deleting two of its vertices .	This interpretation differs from known interpretations in the literature .
Then we find that some of these models have smaller Euler numbers than those of models on factorisable tori T^2 x T^2 x T^2 .	There is a possibility that these orbifolds provide smaller generation numbers of N=1 chiral matter fields than factorisable models .
The emptiness of the Local Void has been put forward as a serious challenge to the current standard paradigm of structure formation in LCDM .	We use a high resolution cosmological N-body simulation , the Millennium-II run , combined with a sophisticated semi-analytic galaxy formation model , to explore statistically whether the local void is allowed within our current knowledge of galaxy formation in LCDM .
The experimental results are analyzed using a formalism on resonant x-ray scattering and a model of the AFQ order .	The magnetic and quadrupolar scatterings are explained by the model satisfactorily .
Afterwards , we derive some new properties of a class of generalized Fibonacci numbers .	In the last part of the paper we introduce some generalized Fibonacci polynomial sequences and we derive some results related to them .
Although such anomalous behavior is well known in material systems with directional interactions ( e.g. , zirconium tungstate ) , to our knowledge this is the first time that NTE behavior has been established to occur in single-component many-particle systems for isotropic interactions .	Using constant-pressure Monte Carlo simulations , we show that as the temperature is increased , the system exhibits negative , zero and then positive thermal expansion before melting ( for both two- and three-dimensional systems ) .
They are massive enough for forming black holes .	( 2 ) Non-GRB HNe/SNe : Some HNe are not associated with GRBs .
The direction of the domain wall motion can be controlled using the helicity of the laser .	Secondly , the domain wall is attracted to the hot-spot generated by the focused laser .
There is no single mechanism by which fast particles are accelerated in astrophysical environments , and it is now recognized that the data require a rich variety of different mechanisms operating under different conditions .	The mechanisms discussed in the literature include varying magnetic fields in compact sources , stochastic processes in turbulent environments , and acceleration behind shocks .
The transition towards these parallel architectures makes today an exciting time to investigate challenges in parallel computing .	The TILEPro64 is a manycore accelerator , composed of 64 tiles interconnected via multiple 8x8 mesh networks .
The discrepancy is related to the moderate centrality region : 100 & lt ; N_p & lt ; 200 ( N_p is the number of nucleon participants ) .	This could result from systematic experimental errors in the minimum bias sample .
In earlier work we used a collection of instances of Boolean satisfiability problems as a tool in the generation of all optimal binary symmetric fix-free codes with n codewords and observed that the number of different optimal codelength sequences grows slowly compared with the corresponding number for prefix condition codes .	We demonstrate that all optimal symmetric fix-free codes can alternatively be obtained by sequences of codes generated by simple manipulations starting from one particular code .
State teleportation or entanglement swapping is heralded by the sequential detection of two photons , and is finished after the spin measurement .	The spin-cavity unit works as a complete Bell-state analyzer with a built-in spin memory allowing loss-resistant repeater operation .
Indeed , although the non-Gaussian shape of the van-Hove distribution suggests the transient existence of a diffusivity distribution , it is not possible to infer from this quantity whether two or more dynamical phases coexist .	Here we provide the first direct observation of the dynamical coexistence of two phases with different diffusivities , by showing that in the deeply supercooled regime the distribution of the single-particle diffusivities acquires a transient bimodal shape .
We consider weighted generating functions of trees where the weights are products of functions of the sizes of the subtrees .	This work begins with the observation that three different communities , largely independently , found substantially the same result concerning these series .
We study the ultrafast dynamic process in photoexcited systems and find that the Franck-Condon or Landau-Zener tunneling between the photoexcited state and the ground state is abruptly blocked with increasing the state coupling from nonadiabatic to adiabatic limits .	The blockage of the tunneling inhibits the photoexcited state from decaying into the thermalized state and results in an emergence of a metastable state , which represents an entanglement of electronic states with different electron-phonon coupling strengths .
We furthermore show how natural sublogics of EIL correspond to coarser equivalences .	In particular we provide logical characterisations of weak history-preserving ( WH ) and history-preserving ( H ) bisimulation .
We describe efficient methods for screening clone libraries , based on pooling schemes which we call `` random $ k $ -sets designs '' .	In these designs , the pools in which any clone occurs are equally likely to be any possible selection of $ k $ from the $ v $ pools .
We study the problem of jointly sparse support recovery with 1-bit compressive measurements in a sensor network .	Sensors are assumed to observe sparse signals having the same but unknown sparse support .
In this paper , we use Monte-Carlo simulations to study the conformation of a simple polyelectrolyte .	Using four times longer PEs than in previous simulations and refined methods for the treatment of the simulation data , we show that the results are consistent with the OSF dependence $ l_e \propto r_s^2 $ .
There is a growing consensus that these arrhythmias arise because of the formation of spiral waves of electrical activation in cardiac tissue ; unbroken spiral waves are associated with VT and broken ones with VF .	Several experimental studies have been carried out to determine the effects of inhomogeneities in cardiac tissue on such arrhythmias .
We explicitly describe these irreducible components and their intersection behaviour , characterize when $ \mathbf { F } _k ( X_\mathcal { A } ) $ is connected , and prove that if $ X_\mathcal { A } $ is smooth in dimension $ k $ , then every component of $ \mathbf { F } _k ( X_\mathcal { A } ) $ is smooth in its reduced structure .	Furthermore , in the special case $ k=\dim X_\mathcal { A } -1 $ , we describe the non-reduced structure of $ \mathbf { F } _k ( X_\mathcal { A } ) $ .
In particular , we target a fleet of robots for collaborative tasks with humans , such as telepresence and cooperative mobile manipulation .	We explore a propeller based propulsion system , arranged in such a way that the translational and the rotational components can be decoupled , resulting in an holonomic hexarotor .
We have studied numerically the evolution of protostellar disks around intermediate and upper mass T Tauri stars ( 0.25 M_sun & lt ; M_st & lt ; 3.0 M_sun ) that have formed self-consistently from the collapse of molecular cloud cores .	In the T Tauri phase , disks settle into a self-regulated state , with low-amplitude nonaxisymmetric density perturbations persisting for at least several million years .
We analyze and interpret SOHO/MDI data on oscillation frequency changes between 1996 and 2004 focusing on differences between activity minimum and maximum of solar cycle 23 .	We study only the behavior of the centroid frequencies , which reflect changes averaged over spherical surfaces .
introduced a new variational approach to treat strong attractive boson-fermion ( BF ) correlations in BF atomic mixtures .	The proposed theory predicts a first order phase transition to a condensate of composite BF pairs with center of mass momentum Q=0 as opposed to a composite fermionic molecular Fermi gas .
We identify a new phase that we call pseudoCP-conserving .	We observe first and second-order transitions between the various phases .
First , we propose a modified variant of the Krawczyk operator which causes reducing computational complexity to cubic , compared to Kronecker product form .	We then propose an iterative technique for enclosing the solution set .
While the regular fast convolution of vectors $ V_1 , V_2 $ whose sizes are $ N_1 , N_2 $ respectively , takes $ O ( N_1 \log N_2 ) $ using FFT , using the new technique for length reduction , the algorithm proposed in \cite { LR07 } performs the convolution in $ O ( n_1 \log^3 n_1 ) $ , where $ n_1 $ is the number of non-zero values in $ V_1 $ .	The algorithm assumes that $ V_1 $ is given in advance , and $ V_2 $ is given in running time .
A proper coloring of edges of $ G $ with the colors $ 1 , \ldots , t $ is called interval ( respectively , continuous ) on $ R $ , if each color is used for at least one edge and the edges incident with each vertex $ x\in R $ are colored by $ d ( x ) $ consecutive colors ( respectively , by the colors $ 1 , \ldots , d ( x ) ) $ , where $ d ( x ) $ is a degree of the vertex $ x $ .	We denote by $ w_1 ( G ) $ and $ W_1 ( G ) $ , respectively , the least and the greatest values of $ t $ , for which there exists an interval on $ V_1 ( G ) $ coloring of the multigraph $ G $ with the colors $ 1 , \ldots , t $ .
We consider a two-dimensional Coulomb gas of positive and negative pointlike unit charges interacting via a logarithmic potential .	The density ( rather than the charge ) correlation functions are studied .
The analysis of single nanowires by transmission electron microscopy reveals that they are single crystalline .	Low-temperature photoluminescence spectroscopy demonstrates that , in comparison to standard GaN nanowires grown on Si , the nanowires prepared on the Ti foil exhibit a equivalent crystalline perfection , a higher density of basal-plane stacking faults , but a reduced density of inversion domain boundaries .
We show that the functional expansion technique , originally proposed by Clutton-Brock for other simulation problems , is in fact superior for stability work .	For simulations of linear evolution it is not much slower than grid methods using the same number of particles , and reproduces analytical results with much greater accuracy .
Here we apply this approach to the third and fifth Painleve equations .	For the third Painleve equation we are able to obtain all fundamental Backlund transformations for the case where the parameters satisfy $ \gamma\delta\neq0 $ .
In this article we use the cluster structure on the Grassmannian and the combinatorics of plabic graphs to exhibit a new aspect of mirror symmetry for Grassmannians in terms of polytopes .	For our $ A $ -model , we consider the Grassmannian $ \mathbb X=Gr_ { n-k } ( \mathbb { C } ^n ) $ .
We construct explicitly the complete set of gauge generators for Ashtekar 's formulation of canonical gravity .	The requirement of projectability of the Legendre map from configuration-velocity space to phase space renders the symmetry group a gauge transformation group on configuration-velocity variables .
We demonstrate that gauge symmetry breaking in a compactified higher dimensional theory can be formulated via deconstructed 4D moose theory with { \it spontaneous symmetry breaking } and { \it without boundary condition . }	The proper higher-D boundary conditions are automatically induced in the continuum limit rather than being imposed .
We consider the key ingredients which made the Z_6II Mini-Landscape a successful ground for model building .	There one observes a preferred distribution for the fields of the standard model which has direct implications on the phenomenology , since it favors a heavy top quark and a plausible solution to the $ \mu $ -problem .
Multiscale phenomena are ubiquitous in nature as well in laboratories .	A broad range of interacting space and time scales determines the dynamics of many systems which are inherently multiscale .
In this work , we propose a viable solution for coping with Man-in-the-Middle attacks .	Conventionally , Public Key Infrastructure ( PKI ) is utilized for a secure communication with the pre-certified public key .
The results on the energy dependence are compared to the NA49 data on the system size dependence .	The NA61 ( SHINE , NA49-future ) strategy of searching of the QCD critical end-point is also discussed .
Stock et al claim that their measurements have better or comparable energy resolution to those on the inverse geometry VESUVIO spectrometer at ISIS .	Most importantly the main conclusions of ref [ 1 ] are not valid unless this claim is true : in particular the conclusion that anomalous neutron cross sections measured on VESUVIO [ 2 ] are `` the result of experimental issues using indirect geometry spectrometers '' .
The absolute magnitudes are faint for active galactic nuclei , ranging from M_g of -15 to -18 mag , while the bolometric luminosities are all close to the Eddington limit .	The entire sample formally satisfies the linewidth criterion for so-called narrow-line Seyfert 1 galaxies ; however , they display a wider range of FeII and [ OIII ] ( 5007 ) line strengths than is typically observed in this class of objects .
We study complete , finite volume $ n $ -manifolds $ M $ of bounded nonpositive sectional curvature .	A classical theorem of Gromov says that if such $ M $ has negative curvature then it is homeomorphic to the interior of a compact manifold-with-boundary , and we denote this boundary $ \partial M $ .
At temperatures below 0.25 K , period shift signals similar to those reported by Kim and Chan [ Science { \bf 305 } , 1941 ( 2004 ) ] were observed , albeit two orders smaller in magnitude .	A sizable fraction of the observed signals are frequency-independent and consistent with the mass-decoupling expected for supersolid $ ^4 $ He .
Adding 2MASS colors to WISE photometry improves star-galaxy separation efficiency substantially at the expense of loosing a small fraction of the galaxies .	We find that 93 % of the WISE objects within W1 & lt ; 15.2 mag have a 2MASS match , and that a class of supervised machine learning algorithms , Support Vector Machines ( SVM ) , are efficient classifiers of objects in our multicolor data set .
Invisible psi and Upsilon decays into light neutralinos , within the MSSM or N ( n ) MSSM , are smaller than for nu nubar production , even if light spin-0 particles are coupled to quarks and neutralinos .	In a more general way , light dark matter particles are normally forbidden , unless they can annihilate sufficiently through a new interaction stronger than weak interactions ( at lower energies ) , as induced by a light spin-1 U boson , or heavy-fermion exchanges in the case of scalar dark matter .
Away from half filling for N=3 the system rearranges the particle densities such that two flavors remain half filled by cannibalizing the third flavor .	In the attractive case and odd N a full Fermi surface coexists with a superconductor in the ground state .
We present a new metric , the Sketch \star-metric , which allows to define a distance between updatable summaries ( or sketches ) of large data streams .	An important feature of the Sketch \star-metric is that , given a measure on the entire initial data streams , the Sketch \star-metric preserves the axioms of the latter measure on the sketch ( such as the non-negativity , the identity , the symmetry , the triangle inequality but also specific properties of the f-divergence ) .
The aim is to study the effective behaviour of a particle undergoing Brownian motion on the surface viewed as a projection on the underlying plane .	By formulating the problem as a diffusion in a random medium , we are able to use known results from the theory of stochastic homogenization of SDEs to show that , in the limit of small scale fluctuations , the diffusion process behaves quantitatively like a Brownian motion with constant diffusion tensor $ D $ .
The linear noise approximation is used to derive model equations and a likelihood function which leads to an efficient computational algorithm .	Our approach reduces the problem of calculating the Fisher Information Matrix to solving a set of ordinary differential equations .
This conceptual computing device gives an idea of what computing under vagueness means , nevertheless , it is not the most natural model .	Based on the properties of this and other models of vague computing , it is aimed to formulate a basis for a philosophy of a theory of fuzzy computation .
The change in spin entropy and negativity , however , is extremely small .	Here , we propose and show that this effect may be amplified through entanglement swapping .
We investigate properties of the equilibrium curve of the flux rope when the CS is present in background multipolar fields .	In response to the variations at the magnetar surface , it quasi-statically evolves in stable equilibrium states .
Continuous truncated exponential sums turn out to be a powerful tool for distinguishing factors from non-factors ( we also suggest , with regard to this topic , to read an interesting paper by S. Woelk et al .	also published in this issue [ Woelk , Feiler , Schleich , J. Mod.Opt .
The first is cosmological simulations of the formation of the first stars and of the reionisation period .	The second is the observations of extremely metal poor stars .
Supergiant fast X-ray transients are a subclass of high mass X-ray binaries that host a neutron star accreting mass from the wind of its OB supergiant companion .	They are characterized by an extremely pronounced and rapid variability in X-rays , which still lacks an unambiguous interpretation .
We consider an Internet-based Master-Worker task computing approach , such as SETI @ home .	A master process sends tasks , across the Internet , to worker processors .
The linear and nonlinear susceptibilities $ \chi_ { 1 } ^ { \prime\prime } $ , $ \chi_ { 3 } ^ { \prime } $ , $ \chi_ { 5 } ^ { \prime } $ , and $ \chi_ { 7 } ^ { \prime } $ as well as the difference $ \delta\chi $ ( $ = \chi_ { FC } - \chi_ { ZFC } $ ) between the FC and ZFC susceptibilities , start to appear below 6.0 K , the onset temperature of irreversibility .	A drastic growth of the in-plane superconducting coherence length below 6.0 K gives rise to a three-dimensional superconducting phase below $ T_ { cl } $ , through interplanar Josephson couplings between adjacent TaC layers .
Simplest accelerating cosmologies are investigated and possibility of unified description of the inflation with dark energy is described .	The cosmological reconstruction program which permits to get the requested universe evolution from modified gravity is developed .
These temperatures provide in combination with a Newtonian relaxation scheme thermal forcing for a 3D atmosphere model using the dynamical core of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology global circulation model ( MITgcm ) .	Our model is of the same conceptional simplicity than the model of Held & amp ; Suarez ( 1994 ) and is thus computationally fast .
Placing a periodic grid of wires ( we use a square grid ) with known width and spacing in a pupil plane in front of the occulting coronagraphic focal plane mask produces fiducial images of the obscured star at known locations relative to the star .	We also derive the intensity of these fiducial images in the coronagraphic image .
We propose to measure such a sort of `` novelty '' through the confidence boost of a rule , which encompasses two previous similar notions ( confidence width and rule blocking , of which the latter is closely related to the earlier measure `` improvement '' ) .	Acting as a complement to confidence and support , the confidence boost helps to obtain small and crisp sets of mined association rules , and solves the well-known problem that , in certain cases , rules of negative correlation may pass the confidence bound .
In particular we associate to any partition $ \lambda\neq ( 1^ { n+1 } ) $ of $ n+1 $ abelian regular subgroups in such a way that different partitions define non-conjugate subgroups .	Moreover , we classify the regular subgroups of certain natural types for $ n\leq 4 $ .
We then apply the equation to obtain a classification of biharmonic maps in a family of rotationally symmetric maps between 2-spheres .	We also find many examples of proper biharmonic maps defined locally on a 2-sphere .
Data exhibit striking features , such as a plateau regime in the IV curves at low temperature ( 4 to 25 K ) .	We show that present theories fail to describe this phenomenon and establish the need for a fully microscopic approach .
We explore the impact of Lorentz violation on the inflationary scenario .	More precisely , we study the inflationary scenario in the scalar-vector-tensor theory where the vector is constrained to be unit and time like .
This equation is related to the sG equation in the same way that the Camassa-Holm equation is related to the KdV equation .	In this paper we : ( a ) Derive a Lax pair .
We try to address this issue in the framework of BIonic system .	In this model , $ M0 $ -branes join to each other and give rise to a pair of $ M1 $ -anti- $ M1 $ -branes .
We present a dynamic interferometry to measure the orbital angular momentum ( OAM ) of beams .	An opaque screen with two air slits is employed , which can be regarded as the Youngs double-pinhole interference .
We prove basic results as for Hopf algebras , such as anti ( co ) multiplicativity of the antipode $ S : H\to H $ , that $ S^2=\id $ if $ H $ is commutative or cocommutative , and a theory of crossed ( co ) products .	We also introduce the notion of a Moufang Hopf ( co ) quasigroup and show that the coordinate algebras $ k [ S^ { 2^n-1 } ] $ of the parallelizable spheres are algebraic quasigroups ( commutative Hopf coquasigroups in our formulation ) and Moufang .
These walls are studied both by computer simulations of the lattice theory and by one-loop perturbative calculations .	The latter are carried out both in the continuum and on the lattice .
While the ejecta-enhanced regions show some variation of relative element abundances , there is little evidence for a very strong enhancement of one element over the others in the imaged portion of the remnant , except possibly for a region of O and Ne enhancement in the remnant 's south center .	There is no spatial correlation between the compact [ O III ] emitting ejecta knots seen optically and the abundance enhancements seen in X-rays , although they are located in the same vicinity .
We obtain a general analytic formula for the string tension .	A compact formula is derived for the screened inter-quark potential in the presence of light dynamical quarks .
Up to 100 nm LSMO thin films , an in-excess magnetization and pronounced changes in the coercivity are evidenced , achieved through the interface-mediated magnetoelastic coupling with antiferrodistortive domain wall movement occurring below TSTO .	Contrarily , for thicker LSMO thin films , above 100 nm , an in-defect magnetization is observed .
We determine the non-trivial stabilizers G of a traceless cubic form on a Lorentz-Minkowski space R^3_1 under the action of the isometry group SO ( 1,2 ) and find a representative of each SO ( 1,2 ) /G-orbit .	Since the affine cubic form is defined by h and K , this gives us the possible symmetry groups G and for each G a canonical form of K. Next , we classify hyperspheres admitting a pointwise G-symmetry for all non-trivial stabilizers G ( apart from Z_2 ) .
Fe18 involves eighteen spin-5/2 Fe ( III ) ions with a Hilbert space dimension of 10^14 , constituting a physical system that is situated in a region between microscopic and macroscopic .	The combined experimental and theoretical approach allowed us to characterize and discuss the magnetic properties of Fe18 in great detail .
We present a combined analysis of elliptic and triangular flow data from LHC and RHIC using viscous relativistic hydrodynamics .	Elliptic flow $ v_2 $ in hydrodynamics is proportional to the participant eccentricity $ \varepsilon_2 $ and triangular flow is proportional to the participant triangularity $ \varepsilon_3 $ , which means $ v_n=C_n\varepsilon_n $ , where $ C_n $ is the linear response coefficient in harmonic n. Experimental data for $ v_2 $ and $ v_3 $ combined with hydrodynamic calculations of $ C_n $ thus provide us with the rms values of initial anisotropies $ \varepsilon_2 $ and $ \varepsilon_3 $ .
In this paper we shall consider the assymptotic growth of $ |P_n ( z ) |^ { 1/k_n } $ where $ P_n ( z ) $ is a sequence of entire functions of genus zero .	Our results extend a result of J. Muller and A. Yavrian .
Surface phonon-polariton coupling to the superatom then triggers the transfer of the excitation to a storage state , a single Rydberg atom .	The approach utilizes the interaction between a superatom and a Markovian bath that acts as a controlled decoherence mechanism to irreversibly project the superatom state into a single Rydberg atom state that can be read out .
The main emphasis is on sparse linear models , where only few of the covariates have significant influence on the response variable even if their number is very large .	Our approach is based on combining the principle of conformal prediction with the $ \ell_1 $ penalized least squares estimator ( LASSO ) .
In the case of quasi-2D granular materials , we assume limit-state stresses from Mohr-Coulomb plasticity and postulate that spots undergo biased random walks along slip-lines , driven by local stress imbalances .	We compare analytical predictions of the SFR against DEM simulations for silos and Couette cells , carrying out several parametric studies in the latter case , and find good agreement .
Networks that involve some common users are named as multiple `` partially aligned networks '' .	In this paper , we want to detect communities of multiple partially aligned networks simultaneously , which is formally defined as the `` Mutual Clustering '' problem .
We present the photometric calibration of the HST Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) .	We give here an overview of the performance and calibration of the 2 CCD cameras , the Wide Field Channel ( WFC ) and the High Resolution Channel ( HRC ) , and a description of the best techniques for reducing ACS CCD data .
The triplet Higgs model , which is an extension of the standard model with a weak-scale triplet Higgs boson , is capable of generating small neutrino masses naturally .	We investigate lepton flavor violation mediated by the triplet Higgs boson .
Temperature dependent magneto-transport measurements in magnetic fields of up to 12 Tesla were performed on thin film vanadium dioxide ( VO2 ) across the metal-insulator transition ( MIT ) .	The Hall carrier density increases by 4 orders of magnitude at the MIT and accounts almost entirely for the resistance change .
We then compute the mean arrival time of freely falling particles using the quantum probability current , which also turns out to be mass dependent .	The mass dependence of both the position detection probabilities and the mean arrival time vanish in the limit of large mass .
After going over the basic notions of isotypical components and reduced and universal completions , we look at crossed and smash product C*-algebras , up to the statement of the Takesaki-Takai-Baaj-Skandalis duality ( in the algebraic setting ) .	We then look at two special types of actions , namely homogeneous actions and free actions .
It has been recently shown that for a convex domain $ \Omega $ in $ \mathbb C^n $ and $ w\in\Omega $ the function $ F_\Omega ( w ) : =\big ( K_\Omega ( w ) \lambda ( I_\Omega ( w ) ) \big ) ^ { 1/n } $ , where $ K_\Omega $ is the Bergman kernel on the diagonal and $ I_\Omega ( w ) $ the Kobayashi indicatrix , satisfies $ 1\leq F_\Omega\leq 4 $ .	While the lower bound is optimal , not much more is known about the upper bound .
We show that information in quantum memory can be erased and recovered perfectly if it is necessary .	That the final states of environment are completely determined by the initial states of the system allows that an easure operation can be realized by a swap operation between system and an ancilla .
Although compositional theories of feedback do exist , they are limited either to deterministic systems ( functions ) or input-receptive systems ( total relations ) .	In this work we propose a compositional theory of feedback which applies to non-deterministic and non-input-receptive systems ( e.g. , partial relations ) .
The family includes Poisson , negative binomial , binomial and hypergeometric distributions .	In this paper , we give probabilistic proofs of various Stein 's factors for the PBD approximation with $ \a_i=a $ and $ \b_i=i+bi ( i-1 ) $ in terms of the Wasserstein distance .
In this work , we study the influence of pseudo-count and $ L_2 $ -norm regularization schemes on the quality of inferred Ising or Potts interaction networks from correlation data within the MF approximation .	We argue , based on the analysis of small systems , that the optimal value of the regularization strength remains finite even if the sampling noise tends to zero , in order to correct for systematic biases introduced by the MF approximation .
The nanopatterns are uniaxial nanogrooves with identical and different slope steepness , which induce a pinning potential of the washboard type for Abrikosov vortices .	For the fundamental matching field , when the location of vortex rows geometrically matches the nanogrooves , the following effects are observed : The forward transmission coefficient $ S_ { 21 } ( f ) $ of the microstrips can be controllably modulated within a range of about $ 3 $ \ , dB by the ac current .
In particular , for the embedding of states into a corresponding symmetric sector of loop quantum gravity , this is advantageous .	However , in contrast to the traditional space , there is no Haar measure on $ \mathbb { R } \sqcup \mathbb { R } _ { \mathbb { Bohr } } $ defining a canonical kinematical $ L^2 $ -Hilbert space on which operators can be represented .
During the rotation , the dry grains flow around the fixed obstacle .	We show that its diameter decreases linearly with time for low liquid content , as wet grains are pulled-out of the aggregate .
Such `superexpansions ' imply a large and rapid energy release , a feature characteristic of pure He burst models .	Previous calculations have shown that during a pure He burst , the freshly synthesized heavy-element ashes of burning can be ejected in a strong radiative wind and produce significant spectral absorption features .
Different hadronic final states , defined by jets or individual hadrons , in deep-inelastic scattering are analysed and the corresponding results are compared to HERA data .	The various sources of theoretical uncertainties of the approach are discussed and quantified .
The temperature dependence of the superfluid density obtained from the $ \mu $ SR relaxation-rate measurements indicates the presence of two superconducting gaps , $ \Delta_\text { 1 } \gg\Delta_\text { 2 } $ .	According to our INS measurements , commensurate spin fluctuations are centered at the ( $ \pi $ , 0 ) wave vector , like in most other iron arsenides .
The dynamics of a large stellar ( globular ) cluster containing N=128,000 stars has been simulated by a direct summation ( O ( N $ ^2 $ ) ) method by using a heterogeneous platform .	Preliminary simulations have been carried out on model systems with and without the presence , in their center of mass , of a black hole whose mass has been varied from 0.02 to 0.1 times the total mass of the cluster .
Although we can not definitively distinguish between several of the proposed solutions , we argue that a kappa distribution gives the more natural explanation .	We also provide a grid of AGN photoionization models using kappa-distributed electron energies .
Based on the matrix density , we describe this electron redistribution by means of a system of balance equations for electron concentrations .	The redistribution produces a photoinduced self-consistent potential , giving rise to the renormalization of energy distance between levels .
Contrary to previous studies , we use a weak topology that includes the boundary of the state space ( \ie\ the size $ x=0 $ ) allowing us to rigorously derive a boundary value for the Lifshitz-Slyozov model in the case of incoming characteristics .	The condition reads $ \lim_ { x\to 0 } ( a ( x ) u ( t ) -b ( x ) ) f ( t , x ) = \alpha u ( t ) ^2 $ where $ f $ is the volume distribution function , solution of the Lifshitz-Slyozov equation , $ a $ and $ b $ the aggregation and fragmentation rates , $ u $ the concentration of free particles and $ \alpha $ a nucleation constant emerging from the microscopic model .
The database programming language is called SBQL ( Stack based query language ) .	We discuss some concepts in ODRA for e.g.the working of ODRA , how ODRA runtime environment operates , the interoperability of ODRA with .net and java .A view of ODRA 's working with web services and xml .
This challenge amounts to finding and removing an unknown needle in a very large haystack .	Traditional computational search models are unlikely to find , nonetheless , appropriately respond to , novel events , particularly given data distributed across multiple platforms in a variety of formats and sources with variable and unknown reliability .
This work is motivated by the study of some two-dimensional random walks in random environment ( RWRE ) with transition probabilities independent of one coordinate of the walk .	These are non-reversible models and can not be treated by electrical network techniques .
A method is developed to calculate collision probability in this paper .	Based on the encounter geometric features of space objects , it is reasonable to separate the radial orbital motions from that in the cross section for most encounter events in near circular orbit .
Permutation polynomials over finite fields have taken an important role in vast areas in mathematics as well as engineering .	Recently , Tu et al .
We find that power-law inflation can be achieved in the renormalisation group fixed point regime with the trinomial potential , but not with the monomial one .	We study the transition to the quasi-classical regime , where the quantum corrections to the couplings become small , and find classical dynamics as an attractor solution for late times .
In two previous papers , we exposed a combinatorial approach to the program of Geometry of Interaction , a program initiated by Jean-Yves Girard .	The strength of our approach lies in the fact that we interpret proofs by simpler structures - graphs - than Girard 's constructions , while generalizing the latter since they can be recovered as special cases of our setting .
These include an algorithm for the calculation of several quantum mechanical expectation values and an algorithm for the determination of polynomial factors .	These quantum algorithms are important in their own right .
Using topological features extracted from the resulting graphs , a classifier is trained to detect whether or not a given communication graph has been censored .	The results show that censorship detection is feasible under empirically measured levels of message deletion .
To properly represent the divergence-free condition of the magnetic fields , we apply a discrete projection to the intermediate values of the field at cell faces , and apply a filter to the primary dependent variables at the end of each time step .	We test the method against a suite of linear and nonlinear tests to ascertain accuracy and stability of the scheme under a variety of conditions .
These include the groups of global symmetries , conservation laws and Lagrange structures .	It is shown that the space of integrable Lagrange structures is naturally isomorphic to the space of weak Poisson brackets .
The study of highly cited documents on Google Scholar ( GS ) has never been addressed to date in a comprehensive manner .	The objective of this work is to identify the set of highly cited documents in Google Scholar and define their core characteristics : their languages , their file format , or how many of them can be accessed free of charge .
Tandem or Van de Graaff accelerator with an energy of 3-MeV is typically used for PIXE analysis .	In this study , the beam line design used in PIXE analysis was used to increase the production of isotopes instead of the typical low-energy accelerator from a 13-MeV cyclotron .
Here we report thermopower measurements , S ( T ) , on MgCNi3 , MgCNi3-xFex and MgCNi3-xRux .	For MgCNi3 , the thermopower is negative , - 12.5 mikroV/K , at 300 K. The absolute value of S decreases as x increases in MgCNi3-xFex and MgCNi3-xRux .
A special emphasis is put on the differences between conservative and non-conservative transformations .	In particular , we show that for the zero initial potential , a non-conservative transformation is always equivalent to a pair of conservative transformations .
We establish that , with appropriate scaling in time and length , the sequence of rows converges to the Airy $ _2 $ line ensemble .	This result was first established , in a more general setting , by Borodin and Olshanski \cite { BO } , who relied on the determinantal structure of the correlation functions .
The results are therefore very interesting , if confirmed .	Possible sources of approximations are indicated , and a significant error is found in plotting the pull-off data which may improve the fit with Fuller and Tabor .
A common explanation invoked for these cyclic period changes is the gravitational influence of an unseen third body upon the close binary pair .	The effects of an unseen third body must be strictly periodic , and not all of these observed period variations match this prediction .
We report high spatial and spectral resolution measurements of masers towards R Aqr and H1-36 , both of which are examples of the sub-class of symbiotic stars that contain a long-period Mira-type variable .	Our observations have resulted in the first detection of 321-GHz H2O maser action towards a symbiotic Mira - R Aqr .
We investigate infrared manifestations of the pseudogap in the prototypical cuprate and pnictide superconductors : YBa2Cu3Oy and BaFe2As2 ( Ba122 ) systems .	We find remarkable similarities between the spectroscopic features attributable to the pseudogap in these two classes of superconductors .
We hope that the basic convergence results developed in this paper can serve the reference to the convergence of stochastic momentum methods and also serve the baselines for comparison in future development of stochastic momentum methods .	The novelty of convergence analysis presented in this paper is a unified framework , revealing more insights about the similarities and differences between different stochastic momentum methods and stochastic gradient method .
We report $ ^ { 123 } $ Sb nuclear quadrupole resonance ( NQR ) measurements of the filled skutterudite heavy-fermion superconductor PrOs $ _4 $ Sb $ _ { 12 } $ under high pressures of 1.91 and 2.34 GPa .	The temperature dependence of NQR frequency and the spin-lattice relaxation rate $ 1/T_1 $ indicate that the crystal-electric-field splitting $ \Delta_ { \rm CEF } $ between the ground state $ \Gamma_1 $ singlet and the first excited state $ \Gamma_4^ { ( 2 ) } $ triplet decreases with increasing pressure .
In order to keep up with this progress the |Delta S|=2-hamiltonian had to be obtained in the next-to-leading order ( NLO ) of renormalization group improved perturbation theory .	I present the NLO results for the QCD coefficients eta_1 and eta_3 , which have been calculated by Stefan Herrlich and myself , and briefly sketch some aspects of the calculation .
A curve C in the projective plane is called non-negative if the self-intersection number of C after the minimal resolution of singularities of C is non-negative .	Given a unicuspidal rational plane curve C with singular point P , we study the unique pencil Lambda_C on the projective plane satisfying C is in Lambda_C and P is its unique base point .
It is concluded that [ CII ] line flux measures the photodissociation region associated with starbursts in the same fashion as the PAH feature .	A calibration of star formation rate for the starburst component in any source having [ CII ] is derived comparing [ CII ] luminosity L ( [ CII ] ) to L ( IR ) with the result that log SFR = log L ( [ CII ) ] ) - 7.08 +- 0.3 , for SFR in solar masses per year and L ( [ CII ] ) in solar luminosities .
We have assumed that a single free-electron channel is incident on the structure and the scattering of electrons is solely from the geometric nature of the problem .	We have used the transfer matrix method to study the electron transmission .
We investigate the ergodicity of this Markov chain .	A classical cellular automaton is a particular case of PCA .
Existing methods compute node `` similarities '' to rapidly identify from possible alignments the `` high-scoring '' alignments with respect to the overall node similarity .	However , the accuracy of the alignments is then evaluated with some other measure that is different than the node similarity used to construct the alignments .
Given a set $ { \cal R } =\ { R_1 , R_2 , ... , R_n\ } $ of $ n $ randomly positioned axis parallel rectangles in 2D , the problem of computing the minimum clique cover ( MCC ) and maximum independent set ( MIS ) for the intersection graph $ G ( { \cal R } ) $ of the members in $ \cal R $ are both computationally hard \cite { CC05 } .	For the MCC problem , it is proved that polynomial time constant factor approximation is impossible to obtain \cite { PT11 } .
A better understanding of those requirements then motivated several different experimental approaches .	Along the way , other exciting applications emerged , such as as quantum metrology , single-photon detection , tests of the foundations of quantum physics , device-independent quantum information processing and nonlinear processing of quantum information .
M 2-9 , the Butterfly nebula , is an outstanding representative of extreme aspherical flows .	It presents unique features such as a pair of high-velocity dusty polar blobs and a mirror-symmetric rotating pattern in the inner lobes .
The mass of dust in the disk around VV Ser is found to be about 4 10^ ( -5 ) Msun , i.e.400 times larger than previous estimates .	Moreoever , the SED can only be accounted for assuming dust stratification in the vertical direction across the disk .
Master equations are common descriptions of mesoscopic systems .	Analytical solutions to these equations can rarely be obtained .
Let X be a compact Kaehler manifold of complex dimension n. Let G be a connected solvable subgroup of the automorphism group Aut ( X ) , and let N ( G ) be the normal subgroup of G of elements of null entropy .	One of the goals of this paper is to show that G/N ( G ) is a free abelian group of rank r ( G ) less than or equal to n-1 and that the rank estimate is optimal .
In order to construct synthetic shadowgrams a near-field snapshot of the ultrashort probe pulse is analyzed by means of Fourier optics , taking into account the effect of a typical imaging setup .	By comparing synthetic and experimental shadowgrams we show that the generation of synthetic data is crucial for the correct interpretation of experiments .
Acyclic overlays used in broker-based Publish/subscribe ( PS ) systems provide only one path for content-based routing between publishers and subscribers .	This poses serious challenges in handling network conditions like congestion , and link or broker failures .
We propose new SDP relaxations for POP based on modifications of existing sums-of-squares representation theorems .	An advantage of our SDP relaxations is that in many cases they are of considerably smaller dimension than those originally proposed by Lasserre .
The reservoir is represented by a spin-orbit coupled 1D quasi-condensate of atoms in a magnetized phase , while the spins are identified with motional states of a separate species of atoms in an optical lattice .	The chirality of reservoir excitations allows the spins to couple differently to left and right moving modes , which in our atomic setup can be tuned from bidirectional to purely unidirectional .
We wish to consider this solution and investigate its stability .	Our analysis shows that for the Gauss-Bonnet ( GB ) parameter $ \alpha & lt ; 0 , $ stability regions form for a narrow band of finely-tuned mass and charge .
Progress in this regard would likely allow optimization of fracking and reduction of environmental footprint .	The present article first focuses on the classical solutions of the critical states of localization instability of a system of cooling or shrinkage cracks and shows that these solutions can be transferred to the system of hydraulic cracks .
In a five step investigation , the CORC cable 's performance was determined at different transverse mechanical loads , magnetic background fields and temperatures as well as its response to swift current changes .	In the first step , the sample 's 77 K , self-field current was measured in a liquid nitrogen bath .
Among three crystals , only one crystal shows a small hump in resistivity near 20 K , which was previously attributed to the ferromagnetic spin-fluctuations .	Other two crystals show the $ \rho \sim T^2 $ Fermi-liquid behavior at low temperature .
In particular , the stable spline estimator models the impulse response as a zero-mean Gaussian process whose covariance is given by the SS-1 kernel .	In this paper , we discuss the maximum entropy properties of this prior .
We critically reexamine previous results obtained using the replica approach and in the limit of infinite disorder strength and compare them to new results ( presented here ) obtained using the supersymmetric approach to the N=2 case .	We demonstrate that this menage a trois of different approaches leads to identical results .
We utilize newly developed two-dimensional multi-fluid models of the solar wind interaction with the ISM to corroborate this interpretation by synthesizing the L $ \alpha $ absorption profile predicted for this `` hydrogen wall '' .	Both subsonic and supersonic inflow into the heliosphere are considered , corresponding to one-shock and two-shock global morphologies , respectively .
In segmentation , an important issue remains the choice of the number of segments .	To this end , we propose a penalized log-likelihood estimator where the penalty function is constructed in a non-asymptotic context following the works of L. Birg\'e and P. Massart .
We study the effect of optical lattice potentials , as experimentally applied , on the condensed fraction of a non-interacting Bose gas in local thermal equilibrium at finite temperatures .	We show that the experimentally observed decrease of the condensate fraction in the presence of the lattice can be attributed , up to a threshold lattice height , purely to ideal gas thermodynamics ; conversely we confirm that sharper decreases in first-order coherence observed in stronger lattices are indeed attributable to many-body physics .
( a ) We provide constructive bounds on node expansions and cut-sizes for $ \delta $ -hyperbolic graphs as a function of $ \delta $ , and show that witnesses for such non-expansion or cut-size can be computed efficiently in polynomial time .	To the best of our knowledge , these are the first such constructive bounds proven .
The relative displacement between the interfering wave packets in such open interferometers leads to a fringe pattern in the density profile at each exit port and a loss of contrast in the oscillations of the integrated particle number as a function of the phase shift .	Paying particular attention to gravity gradients , we present a simple mitigation strategy involving small changes in the timing of the laser pulses which is very easy to implement .
Generally cancer disease driven by somatic mutations in an individual DNA sequence , or genome that accumulates during the lifetime of person .	This paper is proposed a novel method can predict the disease by mutations despite The presence in gene sequence is not necessary it are malignant , so will be compare the protein of patient with the gene 's protein of disease if there is difference between these two proteins then can say there is malignant mutations .
Gravitation theory meets spontaneous symmetry breaking in accordance with the Equivalence Principle reformulated in the spirit of Klein-Chern geometries of invariants .	In gravitation theory , the structure group of the principal linear frame bundle $ LX $ over a world manifold $ X^4 $ is reducible to the connected Lorentz group $ SO ( 3,1 ) $ .
A prediction of the galaxy cluster cooling flow model is that as gas cools from the ambient cluster temperature , emission lines are produced in gas at subsequently decreasing temperatures .	Gas passing through 10^5.5 K emits in the lines of OVI 1032,1035 , and here we report a FUSE study of these lines in three cooling flow clusters , Abell 426 , Abell 1795 , and AWM 7 .
It depends on algorithms .	We will prove that forward and mixed stability anlaysis are absolutely invalid stability analysis in the sense that they have absolutely wrong reference points for detecting huge element growth of any algoritms ( if any ) , even an `` ideal '' or `` desirable '' backward stability analysis is not so `` ideal '' or `` desirable '' in general .
The bulk velocity of the plasma , computed in the framework of the LambdaCDM scenario , feeds back into the evolution of the magnetic power spectra leading to a ( nonlocal ) master equation valid in Fourier space and similar to the ones discussed in the context of wave turbulence .	Conversely , in physical space , the magnetic power spectra obey a Schroedinger-like equation whose effective potential depends on the large-scale curvature perturbations .
Orthogonal polynomial random matrix models of NxN hermitian matrices lead to Fredholm determinants of integral operators with kernel of the form ( phi ( x ) psi ( y ) - psi ( x ) phi ( y ) ) /x-y .	This paper is concerned with the Fredholm determinants of integral operators having kernel of this form and where the underlying set is a union of open intervals .
The superfluid critical velocity strongly depends on the strength and shape of the defect .	We quantitatively study , both numerically and with an approximate analytical model , the dynamical response of a one-dimensional condensate flowing against an istantaneously raised spatially periodic defect .
Additional knowledge from a future measurement deeply changes the statistics in the present and leads to purely quantum features .	In particular conditioned average outcomes of a weak measurement , so-called weak values , were shown to go beyond the conventional range , give a way to directly measure complex quantities , and can be used to enhance the sensitivity of quantum meters .
The thermodynamic Bethe ansatz ( TBA ) and the excited state TBA equations for an integrable spin chain related to the Lie superalgebra osp ( 1|2 ) are proposed by the quantum transfer matrix ( QTM ) method .	We introduce the fusion hierarchy of the QTM and derive the functional relations among them ( T-system ) and their certain combinations ( Y-system ) .
Using the hypernetted-chain ( HNC ) approximation , we find that there is a temperature below which multiple solutions to the HNC equations exist .	By explicitly evaluating the free energy for each solution we find that the system undergoes a first-order transition between two vortex liquid phases .
CHARIS is similar in concept to GPI and SPHERE , on Gemini South and the Very Large Telescope , respectively , but will be unique in its ability to simultaneously cover the entire near-infrared $ J $ , $ H $ , and $ K $ bands with a low-resolution mode .	This extraordinarily broad wavelength coverage will enable spectral differential imaging down to angular separations of a few $ \lambda/D $ , corresponding to $ \sim $ $ 0.\ ! \ ! ''1 $ .
For small impurity separations the Kondo temperature shows a non-monotonic dependence on $ E_R $ being different in the even and the odd channel .	We predict that the Kondo temperature has only almost linear dependence on $ E_R $ and not an exponential increase with $ E_R $
In particular , we investigate the inferred properties of the jet and the physical requirements set by the observed components for these five bursts , in the context of a baryonic dominated outflow , motivated by the strong photospheric component .	We find similar jet properties for all five bursts : the bulk Lorentz factor decreases monotonously over the pulses and lies between 1000 and 100 .
In order to accomplish this , parameter which assists in reducing the consumption of power from battery need to be attended to .	One of the factors affecting the consumption of energy is transmit and receive power .
We illustrate this by considering a dark matter model in which the principal annihilation products are neutrinos .	Since neutrinos are the least detectable Standard Model particles , a limit on their flux conservatively bounds the dark matter total self-annihilation cross section from above .
We present Doppler measurements at $ 0\farcs { 2 } $ spatial resolution of bright points , ribbons and flowers and their immediate surroundings , in the C { \small { I } } 5380.3 { \AA } line ( formed in the deep photosphere ) and the two Fe { \small { I } } lines at 5379.6 { \AA } and 5386.3 { \AA } .	The velocity inside the flowers and ribbons are measured to be almost zero , while we observe downflows at the edges .
Especially , we point out that the warped solutions , which lead to localisation of gravity , are the - by the presence of the cosmological constant - deformed inverted string solutions .	Further , we construct the Born-Infeld analogues of the anti-warped solutions and determine the domain of existence of these solutions , while a analytic argument leads us to a `` no-go '' hypothesis : solutions which localise gravity do NOT exist in a 6 dimensional Einstein-Born-Infeld-Abelian-Higgs ( EBIAH ) brane world scenario .
An infinite system of nonlocal , individually confining solitons is considered as a model of high-density nuclear matter .	The soliton-lattice problem is discussed in the Wigner-Seitz approximation .
The bag-of-features ( BoF ) model for image classification has been thoroughly studied over the last decade .	Different from the widely used BoF methods which modeled images with a pre-trained codebook , the alternative codebook free image modeling method , which we call Codebookless Model ( CLM ) , attracted little attention .
We review some remarkable features of the Born-Infeld action and outline its supersymmetric generalizations in four dimensions .	The non-abelian N=1 supersymmetric extension of the Born-Infeld theory and its N=1 supergravitational avatars are given in superspace .
To exploit the full potential of this new observational window , it is crucial to understand the different contributions to the total SZ signal .	Here , we investigate the signature caused by multiple scatterings at lowest order of the electron temperature .
The method contains no fitting parameters and the mass scale is fixed by the meson Regge slope .	Theoretical predictions for lowest glueball states are in a perfect agreement with lattice results .
First , we describe a polynomial-time algorithm that uses macros to generate plans for the class 3S of planning problems with binary state variables and acyclic causal graphs .	This implies that plan generation may be tractable even when a planning problem has an exponentially long minimal solution .
The second part deals with the dynamics of the spherical p-spin-glass with long ranged interactions .	This model is a prototype for glassy dynamics .
The type of viscosity is given either by the $ \alpha $ -viscosity or by a diffusion-type stress tensor .	Optically thick disks are found to be in general more unstable than optically thin ones .
We parameterize the viscosity and the interaction between the two fluids by constants $ \zeta_ { 0 } $ and $ \sigma $ respectively .	A detailed investigation on the cosmological implications of this parametrization has been made .
The structure of the covariance matrix ( or kernel ) of such a process is given by the stable spline kernel , which has been recently introduced for system identification purposes and depends on an unknown hyperparameter .	We assume that the input can be linearly described by few parameters .
A likely explanation is that the neutron star crust was significantly heated during the recent accretion episode and needs to cool until it restores thermal equilibrium with the core .	Although this has been observed for neutron star low-mass X-ray binaries that undergo accretion episodes of years to decades , it is the first time that evidence for crustal heating is detected for a transient system with a regular outburst duration of weeks .
We demonstrate the power of this approach by solving a highly nontrivial SO ( M ) Kondo problem arising in topological superconductors with M Majorana-lead couplings , allowing for arbitrary M and for conduction electron interactions .	We find that these topological Kondo problems give rise to robust non-Fermi liquid behavior , even for Fermi liquid leads , and to a quantum phase transition between insulating and Kondo regimes when the leads form Luttinger liquids .
While in the typical models the dark sector is composed only by weakly interacting massive particles , an arguably more natural scenario would include a whole set of gauge interactions which are invisible for the standard model but that are in contact with the dark matter .	We present a method to constrain the number of massless gauge bosons and other relativistic particles that might be present in the dark sector using current and future cosmic microwave background data , and provide upper bounds on the size of the dark sector .
We report an approach to achieve low-resistance contacts to MoS2 transistors with the intrinsic performance of the MoS2 channel preserved .	Through a dry transfer technique and a metal-catalyzed graphene treatment process , nickel-etched-graphene electrodes were fabricated on MoS2 that yield contact resistance as low as 200 ohm-um .
These solutions extend known results and involve less computational effort .	As an illustration , numerical examples of rating alternatives are presented .
In quasi steady-state , and assuming the resistivity coefficient to be spatially uniform , the problem is analytically soluble in terms of Legendre 's polynomials and confluent hypergeometric functions .	The dissipation of the magnetic field occurs inside a region of radius inversely proportional to the mass of the central star ( the `` Ohm radius '' ) , where the magnetic field becomes asymptotically straight and uniform .
The existence of nonlinear objects of the vortex type in two-dimensional magnetic systems presents itself as one of the most promising candidates for the construction of nanodevices , useful for storing data , and for the construction of reading and writing magnetic heads .	The vortex appears as the ground state of a magnetic nanodisk whose magnetic moments interact via dipole-dipole potential ? .
The existence of sequences of such { \it dominant columns } implies that for any probability vector $ X $ with positive entries , the probability vector $ P_nX/\Vert P_nX\Vert $ , converges as $ n $ tends to $ +\infty $ .	Our main application of Theorem~A ( and our initial motivation ) is related to an { \it Erd\H os problem } concerned with a family of probability measures $ \mu_\beta $ ( for $ 1 & lt ; \beta & lt ; 2 $ a real parameter ) fully supported by a subinterval of the real line , known as { \it Bernoulli convolutions } .
We demonstrate that only four physically distinct topological types of equilibria exist .	Two of the types correspond to optically thin and optically thick equilibria , while the other two types are distinguished by whether advection is negligible or dominant .
We study hard exclusive electroproduction of two pions in the QCD factorization approach at next-to-leading order ( NLO ) in the strong coupling .	The pion pair can be produced both in an isovector and in an isoscalar state .
However , the flux of monochromatic gamma-rays is usually suppressed by the virtual quantum effects since dark matter should be neutral and does not couple with gamma-rays directly .	In the work we study the detection strategy of the monochromatic gamma-rays in a future space-based detector .
The sample of over 10^6 two-pion decays of tagged Ks mesons allows a statistical error as low as 0.1 % to be obtained .	The accuracy is limited by systematic uncertainties , which are estimated primarily from data .
The high resolution spectrum from the high-energy transmission grating spectrometer is most consistent with a cooling flow model , placing V426 Oph among the group of CVs including U Gem and EX Hya .	An uninterrupted lightcurve was also constructed , in which we detect a significant 4.2 hr modulation together with its first harmonic at 2.1 hrs .
SBS0335-052 is a blue compact dwarf galaxy ( BCD ) with one of the lowest known metallicities , Z $ \sim $ Z $ _ { \sun } $ /41 , making it a local example of how primordial starburst galaxies and their precursors might appear .	A spectrum obtained with the Infrared Spectrograph ( IRS ) on the Spitzer Space Telescope clearly shows silicate absorption features , emission lines of [ SIV ] and [ NeIII ] , and puts strong upper limits on the PAH emission features .
We show how to derive model independent bounds on generic new physics models .	Furthermore , we demonstrate , using the covariant basis , how recent data and LHC projections can be applied to constrain models with an arbitrary mechanism of alignment .
We present an analysis of Brownian force noise from residual gas damping of reference test masses as a fundamental sensitivity limit in small force experiments .	The resulting acceleration noise increases significantly when the distance of the test mass to the surrounding experimental apparatus is smaller than the dimension of the test mass itself .
Alternatively , in a hadronic picture the meson production amplitudes correspond to C-odd Regge exchanges with final state interactions .	The helicity structure provides relations between the partonic and the hadronic , Regge description of C-odd , chiral-odd processes .
A new infinite series of Einstein metrics is constructed explicitly on S^2 x S^3 , and the non-trivial S^3-bundle over S^2 , containing infinite numbers of inhomogeneous ones .	They appear as a certain limit of a nearly extreme 5-dimensional AdS Kerr black hole .
In such a case , the particles are polarized in the direction opposite to that of the electric field and begin to rotate in order to flip their dipoles in the field direction .	Such a rotation of the particles is known as Quincke rotation and is responsible for an important decrease of the effective viscosity of the suspension .
We report the first observation of $ e^+e^- \to \rho^+\rho^- $ , in a data sample of 379 $ fb^ { -1 } $ collected with the BABAR detector at the { PEP-II } $ e^+e^- $ storage ring at center-of-mass energies near $ \sqrt { s } = 10.58 GeV .	We measure a cross section of $ \sigma ( { e^+e^-\ } \to \rho^+ \rho^- ) = { 19.5 \pm 1.6 ( stat ) \pm 3.2 ( syst ) fb } $ .
Building on scaling relations obtained from N-body calculations of violent relaxation , we argue that the tidal field of galaxies and halos can only destroy substructures if spherical symmetry is imposed at formation .	We explore other mechanisms that may tailor the number of halo substructures during the course of virialization .
We consider a microscopic model of a polymer blend that is prone to phase separation .	Permanent crosslinks are introduced between randomly chosen pairs of monomers , drawn from the Deam-Edwards distribution .
Most important , all pieces of evidence imply the same values for common parameters -- - a necessary condition , and one unlikely to hold if the hints from data are misleading .	The parameters are sparticle or soft-breaking masses and $ tan \beta. $ For the parameter ranges reported here , there are so far no signals that should have occurred but did not .
With intra-layer couplings in only one of the layers ( Kondo lattice ) , we observe an anomalous Curie constant C* , as predicted on the basis of field-theoretical work [ S. Sachdev et al. , Science 286 , 2479 ( 1999 ) ] .	The value C*=0.262 +/- 0.002 is larger than the normal Curie constant C=S ( S+1 ) /3 .
In this paper , we propose to improve the discriminative power of BN models for continuous variables from two different perspectives .	This brings two general discriminative learning frameworks for Gaussian Bayesian networks ( GBN ) .
Among various scenarios proposed to explain the nature of the outburst , the most promising is a stellar merger event .	The results of spectroscopic observations of the object obtained in October 2005 with the Keck/HIRES instrument , presented in detail in Paper I , are analysed and discussed .
For r at least 1 , consider the subscheme N_r of Y defined by the ( r-1 ) st Fitting ideal of the O_Y-module f_*O_X , and set M_r : =f^ { -1 } N_r .	In this setting -- - in fact , in a more general setting -- - we prove the following statements , which show that M_r and N_r behave like reasonable schemes of source and target r-fold points of f. Each component of M_r and N_r is empty or has dimension at least n-r .
To provide the testable support to this idea , the optic-metrical parametric resonance is regarded - an experiment on the galactic scale based on the interaction between the electromagnetic radiation of cosmic masers and periodical gravitational waves emitted by close double systems or pulsars .	Since the effect depends on the space-time metric , the possible anisotropy could reveal itself through observations .
We report the first X-ray detection of the radio pulsar PSR B1757-24 using the Chandra X-ray Observatory .	We detect point-source emission at the pulsar position plus a faint tail extending nearly 20 '' east of the pulsar , in the same direction and with comparable morphology to the radio tail .
Brillouin light scattering spectroscopy from so-called standing spin waves in thin magnetic films is often used to determine the magnetic exchange constant .	The data analysis of the experimentally determined spin-wave modes requires an unambiguous assignment to the correct spin wave mode orders .
We obtain and study both analytically and numerically , the equations defining topologically stable string-like objects .	We check our results using two different approaches .
All experimentally observed bands have been compared with theoretically calculated ones and modes assignment has been performed .	r-BS enriched by 10B isotope was synthesized , and the effect of boron isotopic substitution on Raman spectra was observed and analyzed .
A { \bf 69 } , 022322 ( 2004 ) , that is feasible with present day technology .	We introduce security conditions based on the average bias of the bits and the Shannon entropy of the string .
We give a self-contained discussion of recent progress in computing the non-perturbative effects of small non-holomorphic soft supersymmetry breaking , including a simple new derivation of these results based on an anomaly-free gauged U ( 1 ) _R background .	We apply these results to N = 1 theories with deformed moduli spaces and conformal fixed points .
We present the results of the photometric multicolor observations of GRB 060526 optical afterglow obtained with Russian-Turkish 1.5-m Telescope ( RTT150 , Mt .	Bakirlitepe , Turkey ) .
We show that the CMB lensing potential and convergence and also the cross-correlation of the CMB lensing and late time galaxy convergence can probe the amplitude and the scale dependence of the dipole modulation .	As another example , we consider a primordial power spectrum with local feature .
This paper develops a methodology for robust Bayesian inference through the use of disparities .	Metrics such as Hellinger distance and negative exponential disparity have a long history in robust estimation in frequentist inference .
The present work analyzes the various conditions in which there can be a bouncing universe solution in f ( R ) gravity .	In the article an interesting method , to analyze the bouncing FRW solutions in a spatially flat universe using f ( R ) gravity models using an effective Einstein frame description of the process , is presented .
Very high energy TeV photons of GRBs could be produced by a few mechanisms including the proton-synchrotron radiation and electron inverse Compton emission from GRB internal shocks as well as external shocks .	We suggest that the information provided by the delayed emission could give constraints on models for TeV gamma-rays .
The finite-size crossover in impure films has been considered on the basis of the fundamental relationship between the effective spatial dimensionality and the characteristic lengths of the system .	The difference between the critical properties of infinite systems and films is demonstrated and investigated .
A wealth of structure in the central region is revealed due to less extinction in the thermal infrared .	A clear border in the southern lobe at L ' corresponds to the edge of the heavily obscured region in visible , indicating there is a dense material surrounding the central region .
We exactly solve a four-site spin model with site-dependent Kitaev 's coupling in a tetrahedron by means of an analytical diagonalization .	The non-abelian fusion rules of eigen vortex excitations in this small lattice model are explicitly illustrated in real space by using Pauli matrices .
( 1993 ) catalog .	A comparison between the two samples indicates that stars with planets are not kinematically peculiar .
In this paper , we consider RFDEs equivariant with respect to the action of a compact Lie group .	In a previous paper ( Buono and LeBlanc , to appear in J. Diff.Eqs .
Why after so many years of investigations Mn doped GaAs remains the candidate with the highest Curie temperature among the broad family of III-V materials doped with transition metal ( TM ) impurities ?	How can one understand that these temperatures are almost two orders of magnitude larger than that of hole doped ( Zn , Mn ) Te or ( Cd , Mn ) Se ?
However we show that two processes naturally tip the balance in favor of inward migration .	First the corotation torque is too weak to generate outward migration for planetary embryos less massive than $ 4\mearth $ .
The pairing and superfluid phenomena in a two-component ultracold atomic Fermi gas is an analogue of Cooper pairing and superconductivity in an electron system , in particular , the high $ T_c $ superconductors .	Owing to the various tunable parameters that have been made accessible experimentally in recent years , atomic Fermi gases can be explored as a prototype or quantum simulator of superconductors .
In this paper we present our approach to the theory revision problem for propositional domain theories .	The approach described here , called PTR , uses probabilities associated with domain theory elements to numerically track the `` flow '' of proof through the theory .
Discrepancy between the presented model and the systematic computations available for oxygen [ O. Benhar et al. , Phys.Rev .	D 72 , 053005 ( 2005 ) ] is also found to be very small .
While doing this , we address two critical issues : 1 ) that the model be evaluated with respect to predictions of a given quantity of interest and its ability to reproduce the data , and 2 ) that the model be highly challenged by the validation set , assuming it is properly informed by the calibration set .	This framework also relies on the interaction between the experimentalist and/or modeler , who understand the physical system and the limitations of the model ; the decision-maker , who understands and can quantify the cost of model failure ; and the computational scientists , who strive to determine if the model satisfies both the modeler 's and decision maker 's requirements .
There are many complex combinatorial problems which involve searching for an undirected graph satisfying given constraints .	Such problems are often highly challenging because of the large number of isomorphic representations of their solutions .
We develop a novel method which works in an iterative fashion based on random walks to achieve diversity .	Specifically , we use negative reinforcement as a main tool to introduce diversity in the Personalized PageRank framework .
Excitons in a complex organic molecular crystal were studied by inelastic x-ray scattering ( IXS ) for the first time .	The dynamic dielectric response function is measured over a large momentum transfer region , from which an exciton dispersion of 130 meV is observed .
We give a deterministic O ( log n ) ^n algorithm for the { \em Shortest Vector Problem ( SVP ) } of a lattice under { \em any } norm , improving on the previous best deterministic bound of n^O ( n ) for general norms and nearly matching the bound of 2^O ( n ) for the standard Euclidean norm established by Micciancio and Voulgaris ( STOC 2010 ) .	Our algorithm can be viewed as a derandomization of the AKS randomized sieve algorithm , which can be used to solve SVP for any norm in 2^O ( n ) time with high probability .
The periodic scattering problem can be reformulated as a strongly singular volume integral equation , a technique that attracts continuous interest in the engineering community , but rarely received rigorous theoretic treatment .	In this paper we prove new ( generalized ) G\r { a } rding inequalities in weighted and unweighted Sobolev spaces for the strongly singular integral equation .
In this case we find Yukawa matrices very similar to the ones obtained by imposing a $ U ( 1 ) $ family symmetry to reproduce the observed hierarchy of masses and mixing angles .	The role of the $ U ( 1 ) $ symmetry is played here by the modular symmetry .
The fields are obtained by a three-dimensional magnetohydrodynamic simulation of magnetic reconnection in slab geometry .	The nonlinear evolution of the system is characterized by the growth of many unstable modes and the initial current sheet is fragmented with formation of small scale structures .
We show that a special final boundary condition for the Universe , may be consistently defined as to determine single classical-like measurement outcomes , thus solving the `` measurement problem '' .	No other deviation is made from standard quantum mechanics , and the resulting theory is deterministic ( in a two-time sense ) and local .
Shear flows have an important impact on the dynamics in an assortment of different astrophysical objects including accreditation discs and stellar interiors .	Investigating shear flow instabilities in a polytropic atmosphere provides a fundamental understanding of the motion in stellar interiors where turbulent motions , mixing processes , as well as magnetic field generation takes place .
Precise measurements of the Earth-Moon distance by the lunar laser ranging ( LLR ) , which begun in the early 1970 's , contributed significantly to geodesy , geophysics , and lunar planetology , as well as enabled astrophysicists to perform several fine tests of the relativistic gravitational field theory ( General Relativity ) .	Yet another promising application of LLR arises just now in the context of recent cosmological models , whose dynamics is substantially affected by some kinds of the dark matter ( or the so-called `` dark energy '' ) uniformly distributed in space , and therefore should be accompanied by some residual Hubble expansion at any spatial scales , particularly , in the Earth-Moon system .
The proof also applies to the case where the key is encoded in the photon polarization of a weak coherent-state pulse with a known phase , but only if the phases of the four BB84 signal states are judiciously chosen .	The achievable key generation rate scales quadratically with the transmission in the channel , just as for BB84 with phase-randomized weak coherent-state signals ( when decoy states are not used ) .
Here we demonstrate experimentally the quantum critical behaviour in a highly-controllable superconducting circuit , consisting of four qubits coupled to a common resonator mode .	By off-resonantly driving the system to renormalise the critical spin-field coupling strength , we have observed a four-qubit non-equilibrium quantum phase transition in a dynamical manner , i.e. , we sweep the critical coupling strength over time and monitor the four-qubit scaled moments for a signature of a structural change of the system 's eigenstates .
Our simulations reveal that the best fit orbits for both systems lie within narrow islands of dynamical stability , and are surrounded by much larger regions of extreme instability .	As such , we show that the planets are only feasible if they are currently trapped in mutual mean-motion resonance - the 2:1 resonance in the case of 24 Sex b and c , and the 4:3 resonance in the case of HD 200964 b and c. In both cases , the region of stability is strongest and most pronounced when the planetary orbits are mutually coplanar .
Geometrical approach allows considering only configuration space but not phase space when investigating stability .	Trajectories are viewed as geodesics of configuration space equipped with suitable metric .
A manual measuring time tool in mass sporting competitions would not be imaginable nowadays , because many modern disciplines , such as IRONMAN , last a long-time and , therefore , demand additional reliability .	Moreover , automatic timing-devices based on RFID technology , have become cheaper .
The definition of these quantities makes clear that the vector defined by ( \sum_ { i=1 } ^nX_i , \sum_ { i=1 } ^nX_i^2 ) plays an important role .	In studying the asymptotic behaviour of this vector we start by formulating best possible conditions under which the vector $ ( X , X^2 ) $ belongs to a bivariate domain of attraction of a stable law .
Aims : We investigate the massive stellar content of the nearby dwarf irregular Wolf-Rayet galaxy IC 4662 , and consider its global star forming properties in the context of other metal-poor galaxies , the SMC , IC 10 and NGC 1569 .	Methods : Very Large Telescope/FORS2 imaging and spectroscopy plus archival Hubble Space Telescope/ACS imaging datasets permit us to spatially identify the location , number and probable subtypes of Wolf-Rayet stars within this galaxy .
These models parameters are well behaved inside the compact star and satisfy all the required physical conditions .	Also we observed a very interesting result that all the physical parameters are depend on the anisotropy factor .
This result favors the mixed chemical composition models and excludes scenarios with strongly interacting neutrinos proposed so far .	Nevertheless we argue that it is possible to construct such models consistently with the IceCube data if to extend the standard model Lagrangian by adding a leptoquark term .
{ \changed At the level of mean-field theory } , we find that the zero-temperature value of the critical velocity -- the uniform velocity of the superfluid condensate at which the superconducting state becomes unstable -- is a factor of $ \sqrt { 2 } $ smaller than the Landau critical velocity .	This is in contrast to a prior finding , which held that the critical velocity is equal to the Landau critical velocity .
A particular case was proved in arXiv:1103.1468 , where we proved the Almgren minimality ( which is a weaker property than the topological minimality ) of the union of two almost orthogonal 2 dimensional planes .	On the one hand , the topological minimality is always proved by variations of calibration methods , but in this article , we give a continuous family topological minimal sets , hence calibrations can not apply .
Since the form of the shape of a nonspreading wave packet does not change in time , the shape equation should be time independent .	We show that the shape function $ f ( x ) $ is the eigenfunction of the time independent Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation with an effective potential $ V_ { \textmd { eff } } $ and an energy $ E_ { \textmd { eff } } $ .
This work introduces a runtime model for managing communication with support for latency-hiding .	The model enables non-computer science researchers to exploit communication latency-hiding techniques seamlessly .
A controlled web search study was conducted with 48 participants .	The primary task performance components were found to be significantly related to both the objective and the subjective task difficulty .
We report here the discovery of two super-Earths that are close to a second-order dynamical resonance , orbiting the metal-poor ( [ Fe/H ] =-0.43 dex ) and inactive G2V star HD41248 .	We analysed 62 HARPS archival radial velocities for this star , that until now , had exhibited no evidence for planetary companions .
In long-periodic NCAI-SNSPDs the surface wave-excitation phenomena promote EM-field transportation to the NbN stripes in S-orientation and results in local absorptance maxima .	In NCDAI-SNSPDs with proper periodicity large absorptance maxima appear due to synchronous E-field enhancement via deflected SPPs below NbN stripes in S-orientation , which make possible fill-factor-related loss compensation .
We introduce a new MARL algorithm called the Weighted Policy Learner ( WPL ) , which allows agents to reach a Nash Equilibrium ( NE ) in benchmark 2-player-2-action games with minimum knowledge .	Using WPL , the only feedback an agent needs is its own local reward ( the agent does not observe other agents actions or rewards ) .
This paper is triggered by the preprint `` \emph { Computing Matrix Squareroot via Non Convex Local Search } '' by Jain et al .	( \textit { \textcolor { blue } { arXiv:1507.05854 } } ) , which analyzes gradient-descent for computing the square root of a positive definite matrix .
The behaviour of H-alpha is observed to be markedly different from that of the other lines .	In particular , the evidence of rotational effects is lacking at H-alpha , and the activity in the red and blue wings of the line is not significantly correlated , in contrast to the other Balmer lines .
Let $ \go/G $ denote the orbit space of $ G $ and $ C^* ( G ) $ denote the groupoid $ C^* $ -algebra .	Suppose that the isotropy groups of $ G $ are amenable .
Under higher pressure , there is whole tendency of blue shift in all optical properties of ice , and the energy region for optical response become broader , such as the absorption band and reflection band .	In addition to the augmented absorption edge , all absorption peaks are found to be rising , and the reflection peaks are also enhanced a bit ; hence the transmissivity of ice is inferred to be dropping .
This original solution was then augmented with a fourth layer containing user-defined objects .	This contribution will summarise the history of the solutions used , from modifications to the original design , to the evolution of the high-level end-user analysis object framework which is used by H1 today .
Glassy polymers show strain hardening : at constant extensional load , their flow first accelerates , then arrests .	Recent experiments have found this to be accompanied by a striking and unexplained dip in the segmental relaxation time .
Samples were deposited on different substrates ( i.e. , MgO ( 001 ) , MgAl2O4 ( 001 ) and Al2O3 ( 0001 ) ) with thicknesses varying from 50 to 350 nm .	Atomic Force Microscopy analysis indicated a granular nature of the samples , irrespective of the synthesis conditions ( precursor and deposition temperature , Tpre ) and substrate .
By using this data set , we find that most of the H $ \alpha $ emission lines profiles in this complex can be fitted by a single Gaussian , however , multiple emission line profiles can be observed in the central region of N11 .	By adding all the spectra , we derive the integrated H $ \alpha $ profile of this complex , which displays a width ( $ \sigma $ ) of about 12 km s $ ^ { -1 } $ ( corrected by instrumental and thermal width ) .
Thus , we introduce the notion of Pragmatic Goals which have a dynamic satisfaction criteria .	We also developed and evaluated an algorithm to decide the Pragmatic CGM 's achievability .
We show that the refinements of these partitions eventually coincide with the refinements of a preimage of the Sturmian partition , which consists of two intervals $ [ 0,1-\alpha ) $ and $ [ 1-\alpha,1 ) $ .	In particular , the refinements of the partitions eventually consist of connected sets , i.e. , intervals .
What is the relationship between brain and behavior ?	The answer to this question necessitates characterizing the mapping between structure and function .
The best metadata have two distinct qualities -- they are created automatically without user intervention , and they are embedded within the data that they describe .	If licenses are also created and transported this way , data will always have licenses , and the licenses will be readily examinable .
Let X be a projective complex K3 surface .	Beauville and Voisin singled out a 0-cycle c_X on X of degree 1 : it is represented by any point lying on a rational curve in X. Huybrechts proved that the second Chern class of a rigid simple vector-bundle on X is a multiple of the Beauville-Voisin class c_X if certain hypotheses hold and he conjectured that the additional hypotheses are unnecessary .
Astronomy arises very early in a civilization and evolves as the civilization advances .	It is therefore reasonable to assume that a vibrant knowledge of astronomy would have been a feature of a civilization the size of the Harappan Civilization .
By analyzing the time-dependent photoemission intensity of the pump laser excited population as a function of energy , we found that the relaxation times at 0 & lt ; E-E_F & lt ; 0.2 eV are doping dependent and about 100 fs shorter at optimal doping than for overdoped and parent compounds .	Analysis of the relaxation rates also reveals the presence of a pump fluence dependent step in the relaxation time at E-E_F = 200meV which we explain by coupling of the excited electronic system to a boson of this energy .
X-ray results will be complemented by multiwavelength characterization of new discoveries .	Phenomenological classification of variable sources will also be performed .
In this paper we consider the Max-Weight protocol for routing and scheduling in wireless networks under an adversarial model .	This protocol has received a significant amount of attention dating back to the papers of Tassiulas and Ephremides .
A method for calculating pair correlation functions in a crystal is developed .	The method is based on separating the one- and two- particle correlation functions into the symmetry conserving and the symmetry broken parts .
In this paper we examine two iterative processes : maximum inscribed sphere ( MIS ) inversion and a real-space coarsening scheme .	Under repeated iterations of the MIS inversion process we find invariant systems in which every particle is equal to the maximum inscribed sphere within its Voronoi cell .
We report a theoretical study of the macroscopic quantum dynamics in spatially extended Josephson systems .	We focus on a Josephson tunnel junction of finite length placed in an externally applied magnetic field .
Aims .	We investigate the effects of ionising photons on accretion and stellar mass growth in a young star forming region , using a Monte Carlo radiation transfer code coupled to a smoothed particle hydrodynamics ( SPH ) simulation.Methods .
An inverse P-Cygni profile in the HCN ( 3-2 ) line toward SMA-1 suggests that at least one of the double cores accretes matters from the molecular core .	A filamentary structure in the molecular gas surrounds SMA-1 and SMA-2 .
It is randomly generated with the overlapping spheres of a radius depending on the structure considered .	In our scenario , the simulated annealing terminates when all assigned temperature loops are completed .
Based on these spectra , the true energy gap and the energy gap at the K-point of the r-TLG are determined as about 9 meV and 23 meV , respectively .	The observed features are well reproduced by a low-energy effective Hamiltonian .
NGC 2617 , classified as a Seyfert 1.8 galaxy in 2003 , is now a Seyfert 1 due to the appearance of broad optical emission lines and a continuum blue bump .	Such `` changing look Active Galactic Nuclei ( AGN ) '' are rare and provide us with important insights about AGN physics .
A kinetic term localized on the TeV brane for SU ( 2 ) _D will generically increase S , however an induced kinetic term for U ( 1 ) _ { B-L } on the TeV brane will lower S. With an appropriate choice of the value of this induced kinetic term S~0 can be achieved .	In this case the mass of the lowest Z ' mode will be lowered to about ~300 GeV .
Proton and neutron densities have been obtained for the even-even isotopes of Sn from $ ^ { 100 } $ Sn to $ ^ { 176 } $ Sn using a Hartree-Fock-Bogoliubov model with a Skyrme interaction .	The matter densities so defined have been used with realistic nucleon-nucleon interactions in a folding model to specify optical potentials for the elastic scattering of protons with energies in the range 40 to 200 MeV .
Unfortunately , it is extremely difficult to compute the excited states using the conventional Monte Carlo algorithm .	Our recently developed approach : the Monte Carlo Hamiltonian method , has been designed to overcome the difficulties of the conventional approach .
An analysis of reddening and distance for program stars indicates that the major dust complex in this direction is ~1.8 kpc distant , producing differential extinction described by a ratio of total-to-selective extinction of R=Av/E ( B-V ) =3.10+-0.20 .	Zero-age main-sequence fitting for the main group of B-type stars along the line of sight yields a distance of 3.21+-0.19 kpc ( Vo-Mv=12.53+-0.13 s.e . ) .
A systematic investigation of the phenomena extending the current theory is outlined .	We begin with an investigation of the regions of instability of the nonmagnetic towards the ferromagnetic state of a system of Mn-atoms doped in AB-type semiconductor .
In combination with ISM or nebular gas-phase abundances they facilitate the dust-phase composition to be constrained .	Precise abundances of C , N , Mg , Ne , Fe in early B-type stars in the Orion star-forming region are determined in order to : a ) review previous determinations using a self-consistent quantitative spectral analysis based on modern stellar atmospheres and recently updated model atoms , b ) complement results found in Paper I for oxygen and silicon , c ) establish an accurate and reliable set of stellar metal abundances to constrain the dust-phase composition of the Orion HII region in Paper II of the series .
This means that there is a relation between the four parameters needed to parametrize a general $ V $ .	It is shown that there exists a very simple relation involving $ |V_ { 11 } |^2 , |V_ { 33 } |^2 , \orh $ and $ \oet $ .
There is some evidence that redder SNe Ia explode in higher metallicity galaxies , but we found no relation between the SN colour and host galaxy extinction based on the Balmer decrement , suggesting that the colour variation of these SNe does not primarily arise from this source .	SNe Ia in higher-mass/metallicity galaxies also appear brighter after stretch/colour corrections than their counterparts in lower mass hosts , and the stronger correlation is with gas-phase metallicity suggesting this may be the more important variable .
Independently , we also show that Newtonian gravity theory may be enhanced to incorporate the curvature of three dimensional space by adding an extra equation which links the Ricci scalar with the density of matter .	Like in Einstein 's general relativity , matter is the source of curvature .
Building machine translation ( MT ) test sets is a relatively expensive task .	As MT becomes increasingly desired for more and more language pairs and more and more domains , it becomes necessary to build test sets for each case .
Two choices of parameters are confronted with the Wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe and other cosmic microwave background radiation data .	For the choice giving the best fitting , the curvaton contribution to the amplitude of the adiabatic perturbation must be smaller than 67 % at 95 % confidence level and the best-fit power spectra are dominated by the adiabatic inflaton contribution .
The simplest interpretation of this phenomenon is that the UV strength is related to the Mg line strength .	Under this assumption , we expect galaxies with larger Mg gradients to have larger UV colour gradients .
Two effects arise , namely a squared mass weighted torque imbalance and an increased mass flow through the overlapping gaps from the outer disc to the inner disc , which both play in favour of an outwards migration .	Indeed under the conditions presented here , which describe the evolution of a pair of protoplanets respectively Jupiter and Saturn sized , the migration is reversed , while the planets semi-major axis ratio is constant and the eccentricities are confined to small values by the disc material .
Formation of binary SBHs displaces a mass in stars roughly equal to the binary mass , creating low-density cores and ejecting hyper-velocity stars .	Gravitational radiation recoil can eject coalescing binary SBHs from nuclei , resulting in offset SBHs and lopsided cores .
While the fractionalization of quantum numbers is one of the recurring themes in modern condensed matter physics , it often remains a challenge to devise a controlled analytical framework tracking this phenomenon .	A notable exception is the exactly solvable Kitaev model , in which spin degrees of freedom fractionalize into Majorana fermions and a Z2 gauge field .
The models allow line identification and clearly show the importance of mixing .	From the late light curves we estimate that about 0.3-0.9 solar masses of ejected Nickel-56 is required to power the supernova .
We report on fabrication of on-chip calcium fluoride ( CaF2 ) microdisk resonators using water-assisted femtosecond laser micromachining .	Focused ion beam ( FIB ) milling is used to create ultra-smooth sidewalls .
We present an approach to event extraction that is driven by data mining and visualization goals , particularly thematic mapping and trend analysis .	This paper focuses on bridging the information extraction and visualization tasks and investigates topic modeling approaches .
We give an algebraic characterization of the syntax and semantics of a class of languages with variable binding .	We introduce a notion of 2-signature : such a signature specifies not only the terms of a language , but also reduction rules on those terms .
In amorphous superconductors , superconducting and vortex pinning properties are strongly linked to the absence of long range order .	Consequently , superconductivity and vortex phases can be studied to probe the underlying microstructure and order of the material .
However , for Majorana neutrinos the magnetic moment contribution to the mass is Yukawa suppressed .	The bounds we derive for magnetic moments of Majorana neutrinos are weaker than present experimental limits if $ \mu_\nu $ is generated by new physics at ~ 1 TeV , and surpass current experimental sensitivity only for new physics scales & gt ; 10 -- 100 TeV .
We show that under natural assumptions on the coordinate operators , the presence of consecutive equal weights leads to horizontal or vertical flatness , in a way that resembles the situation for 1-variable weighted shifts .	In 1-variable , it is well known that flat weighted shifts are necessarily subnormal ( with finitely atomic Berger measures ) .
In this paper we propose a baryonic correction model that modifies the density field of dark-matter-only $ N $ -body simulations to mimic the effects of baryons from any underlying adopted feedback recipe .	The model assumes haloes to consist of 4 components : 1- hot gas in hydrostatical equilibrium , 2- ejected gas from feedback processes , 3- central galaxy stars , and 4- adiabatically relaxed dark matter , which all modify the initial dark-matter-only density profiles .
Our model reduces to the standard model in the low energy and there is no FCNC at the tree level .	Putting the experimental data , parameters are fixed , and then the implication of our model is discussed .
Then , in the case of this form , the mass neutrinos $ \nu_1 $ , $ \nu_2 $ , $ \nu_3 $ get a new quantum number , { \it covariant } in their mixings ( neutrino `` horizontal parity '' , equal to $ -1 , -1 , 1 $ , respectively ) .	Conversely , such a covariance may be the { \it origin } of the bilarge mixing matrix .
The substrate on which the DNA is fixed is a silica surface grafted with silanes molecules ended with amine groups .	Use of small oscillation amplitudes favors the attractive interaction between the tip and the sample , while use of large amplitudes renders the contribution of the attractive interaction negligible .
We exploit magnetic detwinning effects to demonstrate anisotropy in the in-plane susceptibility , which develops at the structural phase transition despite the absence of magnetic order .	The degree of detwinning increases smoothly with decreasing temperature , and a single- domain condition is realized over a range of field and temperature .
The profile is well described by a de Vaucouleurs law , with an effective radius of 35.3 +/- 1.0 h^ { -1 } _ { 70 } kpc .	There is no need for the extra free parameter allowed by a Sersic law .
We define a generalization of virtual links to arbitrary dimensions by extending the geometric definition due to Carter et al .	We show that many homotopy type invariants for classical links extend to invariants of virtual links .
However , the results are in agreement with the electromechanical soliton theory for nerve pulse propagation as suggested by Heimburg and Jackson ( Proc.Natl.Acad.Sci .	USA 102 , 9790 ( 2005 ) ) .
Moreover , this randomness is not given apriori and independently of the configuration , but rather they depend on each other , and both are given by Gibbs procedure ; We call the resulting object a Gibbs family because it parametrizes Gibbs fields on different graphs in the support of the distribution .	We study also quantum ( KMS ) analog of Gibbs families .
The order-parameter-distribution histogram at the percolation threshold is studied in Erd\H { o } s-R\ ' { e } nyi networks , scale-free networks , and square lattice .	In finite system , two well-defined Gaussian-like peaks coexist , and the valley between the two peaks is suppressed with the system size increasing .
Taking the rotation effects into account is needed to correctly understand , identify , and interpret the observed oscillation frequencies of these stars .	A classical approach is to consider the rotation as a perturbation .
In this Letter , we present velocity measurements of seven color-magnitude selected UMajor candidate stars .	Two of them are apparent non-members based on metallicity and velocity , and the remaining five stars yield a systemic heliocentric velocity of v=-52.45 +/-4.27 km/s and a central line of sight velocity dispersion of 9.3 ( +11.7 -1.2 ) km/s , with 95 % confidence that the dispersion is & gt ; 6.5 km/s .
When the supernova bubbles collapse , quasi-virialized metal-enriched clouds , fed by fallback from the bubbles and by streaming of metal-free gas from the cosmic web , grow in the centers of the dark matter halos .	Partial turbulent homogenization on scales resolved in the simulation is observed only in the densest clouds where the vortical time scales are short enough to ensure true homogenization on subgrid scales .
Applying a simple chemical network that accounts for collisional charging of grains , we provide a semi-analytical solution .	This allowed us to calculate the equilibrium population of grain charges and the ionisation fraction efficiently .
As opposed to quantum computers , quantum communication systems can and have been implemented using present-day technology ; therefore , the ability to model and analyse such systems rigorously is of primary importance .	While current analyses of quantum protocols use a traditional mathematical approach and require considerable understanding of the underlying physics , we argue that automated verification techniques provide an elegant alternative .
We also study the dynamical effects of the second Ricci-type tensor when added to the Lagrangian density .	A simple Lagrangian density constructed from combination of the standard Ricci tensor and a new tensor field that appears due to the immersion , leads to gravitational equations in which the vacuum energy gravitates with a different cosmological strength as in Phys.Rev .
We extend the modified finite volume HWENO based on first order monotone schemes for one-dimensional systems and two-dimensional scalar conservation laws .	Numerical tests for several representative examples will be reported .
We use the regions of overlapping photometry and spectroscopy to test the reliability of the PAH fraction as determined from SED fits alone .	The PAH fraction in the SMC is low compared to the Milky Way and variable -- with relatively high fractions ( q_PAH~1-2 % ) in molecular clouds and low fractions in the diffuse ISM ( & lt ; q_PAH & gt ; =0.6 % ) .
We report on a set of 5 GHz Urumqi observations of the galaxy M82 , made between August 2005 and May 2009 .	From the resulting flux densities , we detect a strong flare , starting in March or April and peaking in June 2008 .
We prove that for $ H_n $ , the indicators of all simple modules are +1 .	For the dual Hopf algebra $ J_n = k^ { S_ { n_1 } } # kC_n $ , the indicator can have values either 0 or 1 .
We base interpretation of this phenomenon on surface tension forces between fundamental tubular blocks of the investigated structures that may also occur beneath the ocean surface .	A capillary model is presented to explain formation of a network of interacting tubes .
b ) why is lambda not EXACTLY zero ?	Sorkin has proposed that b ) can be naturally explained as a one by square root N fluctuation by invoking discreteness of spacetime at the Planck scale due to quantum gravity .
Four outliers with small emission line widths have very centrally concentrated line emission and truncated rotation curves ; the central emission indicates recent gas infall after a close galaxy-galaxy pass .	These four galaxies may be local counterparts to compact , blue galaxies at intermediate redshift .
Contrary to the expectation that such absorption arises from unrelated low density HII regions ( or their envelopes ) along the line of sight , these data suggest that in this case the absorbing medium is directly linked to the SNR itself .	3C~391 has been shown in a number of recent papers to be interacting with a molecular cloud .
The local spin moments of Cr 2.04 , and antialigned Ni -1.41 and three oxygens -0.63 ( in the units of $ \mu_B $ ) , indicate high spin S=3/2 Cr $ ^ { 3+ } $ and S=3/2 ( NiO $ _3 $ ) $ ^ { 3- } $ units .	Considering reasonable values of the on-site Coulomb repulsion U on both Ni and Cr ions with LDA+U approach , this system becomes an insulator ( as reported by Chamberland and Cloud ) having a narrow gap in the spin-up channel , whereas the other channel has a large gap of ~3 eV .
For example in neuroscience phase synchronization is regarded as essential for functional coupling of different brain regions .	In an abstract sense both theories describe the dynamic fluctuation around some equilibrium .
We have investigated cooperative dynamics of an artificial stochastic resonant system , which is a recurrent ring connection of neuron-like signal transducers ( NST ) based on stochastic resonance ( SR ) , using electronic circuit experiments .	The ring showed quasi-periodic , tunable oscillation driven by only noise .
In this work we consider elementary methods based on projections for solving a sparse feasibility problem without employing convex heuristics .	In a recent paper Bauschke , Luke , Phan and Wang ( 2014 ) showed that , locally , the fundamental method of alternating projections must converge linearly to a solution to the sparse feasibility problem with an affine constraint .
There are three low-frequency modes , analogous to the three modes of compressible MHD .	When only Alfven waves are considered , the known anisotropy of turbulence in incompressible MHD theory is reproduced .
New Chandra 1.5-9.5 ks exploratory observations were obtained for 32 objects while the others have archival X-ray observations .	Significant fractions of these luminous type 1 quasars are distinctly X-ray weak compared to typical quasars , including 16 ( 48 % ) of the WLQs and 17 ( 94 % ) of the PHL 1811 analogs with average X-ray weakness factors of 17 and 39 , respectively .
At every step of the process a new protein is produced as a modification of one of the proteins already existing and its length is assumed to be random variable which depends only on the length of the originating protein .	Thus a Random Recursive Trees ( RRT ) is produced over the natural integers .
We study the dynamics of a simple model for quantum decay , where a single state is coupled to a set of discrete states , the pseudo continuum , each coupled to a real continuum of states .	We find that for constant matrix elements between the single state and the pseudo continuum the decay occurs via one state in a certain region of the parameters , involving the Dicke and quantum Zeno effects .
Using the linear fractional transformation , connecting effective conductivities sigma_ { e } of isotropic two-phase systems with and without magnetic field , explicit approximate expressions for sigma_ { e } in a magnetic field are obtained .	They allow to describe sigma_ { e } of various inhomogeneous media at arbitrary phase concentrations x and magnetic fields .
A shower-shape analysis is used to select a sample free of direct photons ( $ \pi^0 $ ) and a sample rich in direct photons $ \gamma_ { rich } $ .	The relative contribution of background in the $ \gamma_ { rich } $ sample is determined assuming no associated charged particles nearby $ \gamma_ { dir } $ .
Data from high-energy physics ( HEP ) experiments are collected with significant financial and human effort and are mostly unique .	An inter-experimental study group on HEP data preservation and long-term analysis was convened as a panel of the International Committee for Future Accelerators ( ICFA ) .
Finally , the best ensemble of the proposed part segments are inferred though an And-Or Graph .	We evaluate our approach on the popular Penn-Fudan pedestrian parsing dataset , and demonstrate the effectiveness of using the pose information for each stage of the parsing pipeline .
While most edge detection methods are fast , they perform well only on relatively clean images .	Indeed , edges in such images can be reliably detected using only local filters .
Here , we present direct point-contact spectroscopy studies of the superconducting interaction in this system .	As a result the normalized superconducting gap reveals a strong coupling with $ 2\Delta/k_BT_c = 4 $ and moreover the spectra contain nonlinearities typical of the electron-phonon interaction at energies around 8 meV .
Making use of the duality transformation , we construct string representation for the partition function of the London limit of Abelian Higgs Model with an additional axionic term .	In the lowest order of perturbation theory , this term leads to the appearance in the resulting string effective action of a new threelocal interaction between the elements of the string world-sheet .
For applications such as multiplier-less data compression , binary sensing matrices are of interest .	The present work constructs deterministic and binary sensing matrices using Euler Squares .
The dynamics of magnetic reversal process plays an important role in the design of the magnetic recording devices in the long time scale limit .	In addition to long time scale , microscopic effects such as the entropic effect become important in magnetic nano-scale systems .
We derive effective Lagrangians that describe the N ( 1710 ) decay into N-pi-pi with two pions in s or p wave .	We obtain increased binding for all members of the antidecuplet and a contribution to the mass splitting between states with different strangeness which is at least 20 % of the empirical one .
We take the far detector as in the present NOvA proposal and add a second detector at a shorter baseline .	The location of the second off-axis detector is chosen such that the ratio L/E is the same for both detectors , being L the baseline and E the neutrino energy .
We characterize the set of market models when there are a finite number of traded Vanilla and Barrier options with maturity $ T $ written on the asset $ S $ .	From a probabilistic perspective , our result describes the set of joint distributions for $ ( S_T , \sup_ { u \leq T } S_u ) $ when a finite number of marginal law constraints on both $ S_T $ and $ \sup_ { u \leq T } S_u $ is imposed .
Extending out from each filament are a few smooth , thin , nearly planar gaseous sheets .	By contrast , the dark matter concentrates into quasi-spherical bodies .
The proposed algorithm is particularly simple .	It does not use cryptography to cope with Byzantine processes , and is optimal from a $ t $ -resilience point of view ( $ t & lt ; n/3 $ ) .
We show that there can be at most one linear syzygy on the associated bigraded ideal I_U in the bigraded ring k [ s , t ; u , v ] .	Existence of a linear syzygy , coupled with the assumption that U is basepoint free , implies the existence of an additional `` special pair '' of minimal first syzygies .
In this work , we report the possibility for the material to undergo a Lifshitz transition toward a semimetallic phase , when it is rapidly driven by an in-plane time-periodic laser field .	We show that this phase transition can be apprehended from the parities of the occupied energy bands at the time-reversal invariant momenta up to the second order in the high-frequency limit , and that the Dirac fermions in the semimetallic phase are topologically stable under the inversion and time-reversal symmetries .
We examine new classes of GUT models where the GUT gauge group is broken by a 4D analogue of the Scherk-Schwarz mechanism .	These models are inspired by `` deconstructed '' 5D Scherk-Schwarz orbifold models .
Efficiency of ZnO doping with Ag and N shallow acceptors , which substitute respectively cations and anions , was investigated .	First principles calculations indicate a strong tendency towards formation of nearest neighbor Ag-N pairs and N-Ag-N triangles .
We derive the ray equations demonstrating the splitting of beams with different values of IOAM .	This is the orbital angular momentum Hall effect , which resembles Magnus effect for optical vortices .
It is well known that the Iterative LMMSE detection greatly reduces the system computational complexity by departing the overall processing into many low-complexity distributed calculations that can be executed in parallel .	However , it is generally considered to be suboptimal and achieves relatively poor performance due to its sub-optimal detector .
In contrast to previous proofs , ours shows explicitly how a $ \delta $ -interleaving morphism between two persistence modules induces a $ \delta $ -matching between the barcodes of the two modules .	Our main result also specializes to a structure theorem for submodules and quotients of persistence modules , and yields a novel `` single-morphism '' characterization of the interleaving relation on persistence modules .
We find numerically that the evolution of generic initial data approaches universal similarity solutions sufficiently near the surface , and we construct these similarity solutions explicitly .	The two equations of state show very different behaviour , because shock heating becomes the dominant effect when it is allowed .
The value of evidence allows us to compute directly an outcome sensitivity , a value of perfect information and a value of control which are used in decision analysis ( the science of decision making under uncertainty ) .	More specifically , the outcome sensitivity is the maximum difference among the values of evidence , the value of perfect information is the expected value of the values of evidence , and the value of control is the optimal value of the values of evidence .
A metastable atomic beam with an angular flux density of 3 x 10^14 /s/sr is achieved at the total gas flow rate of 0.01 cm^3 STP/s ( or 3 x 10^17 atoms/s ) .	The dependences of the flux on the gas flow rate , laser power , and lamp parameters are investigated .
Thomas 's finding is seen in the present work to require the `` hidden momentum '' of the electron intrinsic magnetic moment in the Coulomb field of the proton be omitted from its equation of translational motion .	Omission of the hidden momentum is contrary to the position of standard modern electrodynamics texts , and leads to violation of Newton 's law of action and reaction , negating Thomas 's result .
Here , we study their equivalent in the case where a mass scale is introduced , in an integrable way , either in the bulk or at the boundary .	More precisely , we propose an axiomatic approach to determine the general scalar products $ { } _b & lt ; \theta_1 , ... , \theta_m||\theta'_1 , ... , \theta'_ { n } & gt ; _a $ between asymptotic states in the Hilbert spaces with $ a $ and $ b $ boundary conditions respectively , and compute these scalar products explicitely in the case of the Ising and sinh-Gordon models with a mass and a boundary interaction .
We suggest an additional possible plasma source to explain part of the phenomena observed for the transiting hot Jupiters WASP-12b and HD 189733b in their ultraviolet ( UV ) light curves .	In the proposed scenario , material outgasses from the molten surface of Trojan satellites on tadpole orbits near the Lagrange points L $ _4 $ and L $ _5 $ .
This system has been investigated previously in the $ p=1 $ case as a constrained KP system .	In this paper the previous results are considerably extended and a systematic study is presented on the basis of the Drinfeld-Sokolov approach that has the advantage that it leads to local Poisson brackets and makes clear the conformal ( $ \cal W $ -algebra ) structures related to the KdV type hierarchies .
{ \bf 94 } , 200401 ( 2005 ) ) have introduced a model of two counter-propagating atomic Gaussian wavepackets incorporating dynamics of the incoherent scattering processes .	Here we study the properties of this model in detail , including the nature of the transition from spontaneous to stimulated scattering .
Digital watermarking is the process to hide digital pattern directly into a digital content .	Digital watermarking techniques are used to address digital rights management , protect information and conceal secrets .
The effective DNA-DNA interaction force is calculated by computer simulations with explicit tetravalent counterions and monovalent salt .	For overcharged DNA molecules , the interaction force shows a double-minimum structure .
Successful inflationary models should ( i ) describe the data well ; ( ii ) arise generically from sensible UV completions ; ( iii ) be insensitive to detailed fine-tunings of parameters and ( iv ) make interesting new predictions .	We argue that a class of models with these properties is characterized by relatively simple potentials with a constant term and negative exponentials .
The hopping motion of the kicked mode through the cellular structure leads to the generation of various extended patterns pinned by the structure .	In the ring-shaped system , the persisting freely moving dipole hits the stationary pattern from the opposite side , giving rise to several dynamical regimes , with the pinned multi-soliton chain playing the role of the Newton 's cradle ( NC ) .
The results indicate that for GNRs wider than about 4nm , the mobility scales approximately linearly with the GNR width , inversely proportional to the edge doping concentration and decreases for an increasing carrier density .	For narrower GNRs , dependence of the mobility on the GNR width and carrier density can be qualitatively different .
It has become clear in recent years that globular clusters are not simple stellar populations , but may host chemically distinct sub-populations , typically with an enhanced helium abundance .	These helium-rich populations can make up a substantial fraction of all cluster stars .
Our numerical results not only reproduce the phenomenon that was observed in a recent experiment [ Anker { \it et al . } , Phys.Rev.Lett .	{ \bf 94 } ( 2005 ) 020403 ] , but also find that the self-trapping breaks down at long evolution times , that is , the self-trapping in optical lattices is only temporary .
We present polarisation observations of the gravitational lens system B1422+231 made at 8.4 GHz using the VLBA and the 100m telescope at Effelsberg .	All four images of the quasar show structure on the milliarcsec scale .
We study the existence of the product of two weighted modulation spaces .	For this purpose we discuss two different strategies .
In this note we consider the probability of significant signal enhancement from galactic and extra-galactic pulsars by the proposed mechanism and find that it is actually negligible .	The lensing effect due to a possible companion object ( a star or the galactic center black hole ) of the gravitational wave source is also investigated in the framework of the classical microlensing theory .
The compensation effect between B and N is predicted to generally recover the excellent electronic transport properties of pristine GNRs .	For the zigzag GNRs , however , the spatially localized B-N defect states selectively destroy the doped-side spin-polarized GNR edge currents at the valence and conduction band edges .
The resulting vacuum polarization energy and the binding energy of occupied fermion energy levels are of the same order , and must therefore be treated on equal footing .	Populating these bound states lowers the total energy compared to the same number of free fermions .
Let p be an odd prime .	Let K_p = Q ( zeta ) be the p-cyclotomic field .
We present grids of massive star evolution models at four different metallicities ( Z=0.004 , 0.002 , 0.001 , 0.00001 ) .	The effects of rotation on the stellar structure and the transport of angular momentum and chemical elements through the Spruit-Tayler dynamo and rotationally induced instabilities are considered .
In both cases we find that the mean record number & lt ; R_ { n , N } & gt ; grows universally as \sim \alpha_N \sqrt { n } for large n , but with a very different behavior of the amplitude \alpha_N for N & gt ; 1 in the two cases .	We find that for large N , \alpha_N \approx 2 \sqrt { \log N } independently of \sigma^2 in case I .
In our theory , the galactic disc consists of Toomre-mass GMCs embedded in a volume-filling ISM .	Radiation pressure on dust disperses GMCs and most supernovae explode in the volume-filling medium .
By exploring Ehrenfest 's scheme we show that this is a second order phase transition .	Explicit expressions for the critical temperature and critical mass are derived .
The results of Almgren ( 2003 ) are based on the assumption that no shares of assets per unit of time are trade at the beginning of the period .	We propose a general solution method that accomodates the case of a positive stock of assets in the initial period .
The results are presented as a function of integrated luminosity and compared to predictions by the Hamburg Model .	This information can be used to predict limits on the lifetime of the Pixel Detector due to current , for various operating scenarios .
With this tutorial , we investigate the variations in the length of the sunspot number cycle and examine whether the variability can be explained in terms of a secular pattern .	We identified long-term cycles in archival data from 1610 - 2000 using median trace analyses of the cycle length and power spectrum analyses of the ( O-C ) residuals of the dates of sunspot minima and maxima .
Motivated by the advances of quantum Darwinism and recognizing the role played by redundancy in identifying the small subset of quantum states with resilience characteristic of objective classical reality , we explore the implications of redundant records for consistent histories .	The consistent histories formalism is a tool for describing sequences of events taking place in an evolving closed quantum system .
I find different sets of parameter values for the three burst samples .	The Bayesian odds ratio can not distinguish between the two model distribution functions for the two smaller burst samples with spectroscopic redshifts , but does favor the lognormal distribution for the larger sample with variability-derived redshifts .
Finally , we discuss orbifold GUTs , where proton decay via dimension-five operators is absent .	The branching ratios of dimension-six decay can significantly differ from those in four dimensions .
Here we present results from numerical integrations for the dynamical evolution of planetary systems containing two identical giant planets in nearly circular orbits very close to the dynamical stability limit .	We determine the statistical properties of the three main types of systems resulting from the development of an instability : systems containing one planet , following either a collision between the two initial planets , or the ejection of one of them to infinity , and systems containing two planets in a new , quasi-stable configuration .
We further show that if the density fluctuations are small , the evolution of the sound speed squared , $ c_s^2 $ , is fully coupled to the evolution of the scale factor and that the transition from the dark matter to the dark energy dominated epoch is faster ( slower ) than in a standard $ \Lambda $ CDM model if $ c_s^2 & gt ; 0 $ ( $ c_s^2 & lt ; 0 $ ) .	In particular , we show that the mapping of the simplest quintessence scenario with constant $ w_Q \equiv p_Q/ \rho_Q $ into a unified dark energy model requires $ c_s^2 & lt ; 0 $ at the present time ( if $ w_Q & gt ; -1 $ ) contrasting to the Chaplygin gas scenario where one has $ c_s^2 & gt ; 0 $ .
The Keck u-band image , totaling 9 hours of integration time , has a one sigma depth of 30.7 mag arcsec^-2 , making it one of the most sensitive u-band images ever obtained .	The u-band image also substantially improves the accuracy of photometric redshift measurements of ~50 % of the z~3 Lyman break galaxies , significantly reducing the traditional degeneracy of colors between z~3 and z~0.2 galaxies .
We then describe several highlights of the survey so far , including new estimates of the QSO luminosity function and its evolution .	We also review the current status of QSO clustering analyses from the 2dF data .
We will report on activation studies of magnet steel and copper samples which we irradiated adjacent to the Fermilab Main Injector collimation system .	Our results identified several additional radioactive isotopes of interest .
In an extension of the investigation we consider the cooling behavior of the compact stars and derive a general relation between the star 's mass and rotation and its cooling behavior .	Finally we study the effect of Delta resonances for star matter , especially with respect to possible solutions of stars with small radii .
We illustrate our considerations by examining the time evolution of entanglement of single and double excitation NOON and EPR states .	A comparison is made when each cavity is coupled to own reservoir or both cavities are coupled to a common reservoir .
In this approach certain parts of the off-diagonal quark-gluon splitting function are left undetermined , which calls for an independent calculation from first principles .	We outline the method for calculating master integrals from differential equations which are required to attack the problem .
The O-rings robustly seal the oil within the lens gaps to prevent oil migration .	The design of an expansion diaphragm to compensate for differential expansion due to temperature changes is described .
We show that quantum corrected action contains a counterterm that destroys this metricity property , and that no other counterterms appear , at least , at the one-loop level .	The new term in the action is akin to a curvature-dependent cosmological `` constant '' .
Relativistic X-ray disk-lines have been found in multiple neutron star low-mass X-ray binaries , in close analogy with black holes across the mass-scale .	These lines have tremendous diagnostic power and have been used to constrain stellar radii and magnetic fields , often finding values that are consistent with independent timing techniques .
We study the dynamical mass ejection from both quasi-circular and dynamical-capture eccentric mergers .	We systematically vary the level of our treatment of the microphysics to isolate the effects of neutrino cooling and heating and we compute the nucleosynthetic yields of the ejecta .
We assume that both preventive and corrective resources have an associated cost and study the problem of finding the cost-optimal distribution of resources throughout the nodes of the network .	We analyze these questions in the context of viral spreading processes in directed networks .
Memory cells are an important building block of digital electronics .	We combine here the unique electronic properties of semiconducting monolayer MoS2 with the high conductivity of graphene to build a 2D heterostructure capable of information storage .
Deployment of high-penetration photovoltaic ( PV ) power is expected to have a range of effects -- both positive and negative -- on the distribution grid .	The magnitude of these effects may vary greatly depending upon feeder topology , climate , PV penetration level , and other factors .
The achievable rate formulas that we use are for full-duplex radios at the relays and decode- and-forward relaying .	For the single relay case , and individual power constraints at the source node and the relay node , we provide explicit formulas for the optimal relay location and the optimal power allocation to the source-relay channel , for the exponential and the power-law path-loss channel models .
We first provide a simple transformation from abductive programs to update programs which are logic programs specifying changes on abductive hypotheses .	Then , extended abduction , which was introduced by the same authors as a generalization of traditional abduction , is computed by the answer sets of update programs .
The Roman bondage number $ b_R ( G ) $ is the cardinality of a smallest set of edges whose removal from $ G $ results in a graph with Roman domination number not equal to $ \gamma_R ( G ) $ .	In this paper we obtain upper bounds on $ b_ { R } ( G ) $ in terms of ( a ) the average degree and maximum degree , and ( b ) Euler characteristic , girth and maximum degree .
We present the mean values of observables depending on one classical random variable described by the probability distribution in the form of correlation functions of two ( three , etc . )	random variables described by the corresponding joint probability distributions .
The main factors included in our analysis are macroscopic gradients of the cell-to-cell coupling and cell excitability and microscopic heterogeneity of individual cells .	The interplay between these factors allows one to explain how spirals form , drift together with the moving boundary , get transiently pinned to local inhomogeneities , and finally penetrate into the bulk of the well-coupled tissue where they reach macroscopic scale .
The quasiclassical correction to the Moliere 's formula for multiple scattering is derived .	The consideration is based on the scattering amplitude , obtained with the first quasiclassical correction taken into account for arbitrary localized but not spherically symmetric potential .
In noncommutative field theories , it was known that one-loop effective action describes propagation of non-interacting open Wilson lines , obeying the flying dipole 's relation .	We show that two-loop effective action describes cubic interaction among `closed string ' states created by open Wilson lines .
We study static spherically symmetric solutions of massive bi-gravity theory , free from the Boulware-Deser ghost .	We show the recovery of General Relativity via the Vainshtein mechanism , in the weak limit of the physical metric .
The focus on the in-depth enquiry disentangled from its broad context lead to the problem of loss of common world-view and impossibility of communication between specialist research fields because of different languages they developed in isolation .	The need for a new unifying framework is becoming increasingly apparent with the information technology enabling and intensifying the communication between different research fields and knowledge communities .
In this article , a globally convergent numerical method for the solution of the DSEs of QED $ _3 $ in Euclidean space is presented .	This method can be adapted for more complex problems , however , it also shows its limitations when adopted in problems such as the searching for Wigner solutions .
Although two-photon ionization takes place through the near-resonant intermediate states with the same symmetry in both cases , it turns out that there are significant differences between them .	The photoelectron energy spectra exhibit the absence/presence of substructures .
These Hopf algebras are referred to as Galois-theoretical .	In this work , we provide classification results for finite-dimensional pointed Galois-theoretical Hopf algebras H of finite Cartan type .
This model is motivated by the ever-growing ubiquity of network processors architectures , which must deal with heterogeneously-sized traffic , with heterogeneous processing requirements .	Our work addresses the tension between two conflicting algorithmic approaches in such settings : the tendency to favor packets with fewer processing requirements , thus leading to fast contributions to the accumulated throughput , as opposed to preferring packets of larger size , which imply a large increase in throughput at each step .
We consider the problem of full information maximum likelihood ( FIML ) estimation in a factor analysis model when a majority of the data values are missing .	The expectation-maximization ( EM ) algorithm is often used to find the FIML estimates , in which the missing values on observed variables are included in complete data .
The ATLAS detector at CERN 's Large Hadron Collider will be exposed to proton-proton collisions from beams crossing at 40 MHz that have to be reduced to the few 100 Hz allowed by the storage systems .	A three-level trigger system has been designed to achieve this goal .
We generalize the wave generation formalism from isolated post-Newtonian matter systems to d spatial dimensions , and apply it to point masses ( without spins ) , modelled by delta-function singularities .	We find that the quadrupole moment of point-particle binaries in harmonic coordinates contains a pole when epsilon = d-3 - & gt ; 0 at the 3PN order .
Adsorption and desorption are found to proceed at different rates , and are strongly influenced by the concentration-dependent transport diffusion .	Analytical solutions for the transport and self-diffusion are given for systems of length 1 and 2 and for a zero-range process .
To prove the norm bound , we follow an approach which has its roots in the study of classical rate equations .	We use interpolation theorems for non-commutative $ L_p $ spaces to obtain a general hypercontractive inequality from a particular $ p \rightarrow q $ -norm bound .
The sliver is an example of a special projector , a projector such that the Virasoro operator \L_0 and its BPZ adjoint \L*_0 obey the algebra [ \L_0 , \L*_0 ] = s ( \L_0 + \L*_0 ) , with s a positive real constant .	All special projectors provide abelian subalgebras of string fields , closed under both the *-product and the action of \L_0 .
Here , an n-end catenoid is a complete minimal surface of genus 0 with ends asymptotic to the catenoids .	In this paper , the problem is reduced to solving algebraic equation .
This results in a dramatic increase of social data capturing various relations between the users and their associated artifacts , both in online networks and the real world using ubiquitous devices .	In this work , we consider social interaction networks from a data mining perspective - also with a special focus on real-world face-to-face contact networks : We combine data mining and social network analysis techniques for examining the networks in order to improve our understanding of the data , the modeled behavior , and its underlying emergent processes .
In the light-quark sector , quark-model calculations have met with considerable success in explaining the low-mass excitations spectrum but some important aspects like the mass degeneracy of positive-parity and negative-parity baryon excitations are not yet satisfactorily understood .	At high masses , above 1.8 GeV , quark models predict a very high density of resonances per mass interval which is not observed .
Shuffle relations for function field multizeta values ) .	In particular , the product \zeta ( a ) \zeta ( b ) is a linear combination of multizeta values .
When the stability principle is applied to the Poincar\ ' { e } -Heisenberg algebra , two deformation parameters emerge which define two length ( or time ) scales .	In addition there are , for each of them , a plus or minus sign possibility in the relevant commutators .
MOOCs offer many valuable learning experiences to students , from video lectures , readings , assignments and exams , to opportunities to connect and collaborate with others through threaded discussion forums and other Web 2.0 technologies .	Nevertheless , despite all this potential , MOOCs have so far failed to produce evidence that this potential is being realized in the current instantiation of MOOCs .
We have proposed an approach to design the interfaces of behavioral REST web services by defining a resource and a behavioral model using UML .	In this paper we discuss the consistency between the resource and behavioral models that represent service states using state invariants .
The goal of a denoising algorithm is to recover a signal from its noise-corrupted observations .	Perfect recovery is seldom possible and performance is measured under a given single-letter fidelity criterion .
We examine various aspects of this proposal , comparing gauge theory expectations with computations of minimal surfaces .	There is a distinguished class of loops , which we call BPS loops , whose expectation values are free from ultra-violet divergence .
We detected a brown dwarf-mass companion around the intermediate-mass giant star HD 119445 ( G6III ) using the Doppler technique .	This discovery is the first result from a Korean-Japanese planet search program based on precise radial velocity measurements .
Taking advantage of Mathematica 's import/export plug-in mechanism , the importer offers a simple , unified interface that cleanly wraps around its MathLink-based core that links the ROOT libraries with Mathematica .	Among other tests for accuracy and efficiency , the importer has also been tested on a large ( ~5 Gbyte ) file structure , D3PD , used by the ATLAS experiment for offline analysis without problems .
Coexistence of several periodic solutions with different stability properties is proved to be possible .	A mechanism of appearance and disappearance of periodic solutions is investigated .
The population 's considerable cell-to-cell variability originating from diverse sources poses novel computational challenges for process reconstruction .	We introduce an exact Bayesian inference framework that properly accounts for the population heterogeneity but also retains scalability with respect to the number of pooled cells .
High-resolution echelle spectra of ChaHa1-8 and 12 ( M6-M8 ) , and B34 , CHXR74 , Sz23 ( M2.5-M5 ) were taken with UVES / VLT between 2000 and 2004 .	The achieved precision ( 40 to 670 m/s ) is sufficient to detect Jupiter mass planets around the targets .
The quantum theory ( QT ) and new stochastic approaches have no deterministic prediction for a single measurement or for a single time -series of events observed for a trapped ion , electron or any other individual physical system .	The predictions of QT being of probabilistic character apply to the statistical distribution of the results obtained in various experiments .
For $ ^4 $ He both the neutral and charged current reactions were calculated , whereas only neutral current reactions are calculated for A=3 nuclei .	( ii ) Photoabsorption on $ ^4 $ He .
Scans of the magnetically sensitive 630 nm iron lines were performed under stable atmospheric conditions for 71 min with a cadence of 63 s. These observations allow us to investigate the magnetic field and velocity in and around UDs at a resolution approaching 0.13 '' .	From the analysis of 339 UDs , we draw the following conclusions : ( 1 ) UDs show clear hints of upflows , as predicted by magnetohydrodynamic ( MHD ) simulations .
The first stars ended the cosmic Dark Ages and created the first heavy elements necessary for the formation of planets and life .	The properties of these stars remain uncertain , and it may be decades before individual Pop III stars are directly observed .
Furthermore , we discuss how the one-loop amplitudes with a single positive or negative helicity gluon arise in this formalism .	Perturbation theory in the new variables leads to a hybrid of MHV diagrams and lightcone Yang-Mills theory .
Quintessence is a canonical scalar field introduced to explain the late-time cosmic acceleration .	The cosmological dynamics of quintessence is reviewed , paying particular attention to the evolution of the dark energy equation of state w. For the field potentials having tracking and thawing properties , the evolution of w can be known analytically in terms of a few model parameters .
The Fermi Gamma-Ray Space Telescope reveals a diffuse inverse Compton signal in the inner Galaxy with a similar spatial morphology to the microwave haze observed by WMAP , supporting the synchrotron interpretation of the microwave signal .	Using spatial templates , we regress out pi0 gammas , as well as IC and bremsstrahlung components associated with known soft-synchrotron counterparts .
We define certain divided difference operators on Kasparov 's $ T $ -equivariant $ KK $ -group $ KK_T ( A , B ) $ and show that $ KK_G ( A , B ) $ is a direct summand of $ KK_T ( A , B ) $ .	More precisely , a $ T $ -equivariant $ KK $ -class is $ G $ -equivariant if and only if it is annihilated by an ideal of divided difference operators .
We study gauge boson propagators in the symmetric and symmetry broken phases of the 3-d , $ SU ( 2 ) $ gauge-Higgs model .	Correlation functions for the gauge fields are calculated in Landau gauge .
For the correspondence between such an initial vacuum and the Friedmann universe , therefore , a vacuum density is suggested to be gravitationally significant only when it could also have a matter phase .	The effective cosmological term is then due to such a vacuum density .
We propose a new file format named `` H5MD '' for storing molecular simulation data , such as trajectories of particle positions and velocities , along with thermodynamic observables that are monitored during the course of the simulation .	H5MD files are HDF5 ( Hierarchical Data Format ) files with a specific hierarchy and naming scheme .
We calculate the cosmic HI gas densities ( { \Omega } _ { HI } ) at the two redshift regimes and compare those with measurements at other redshifts to investigate the global evolution of the HI gas density over cosmic time .	From a total of 59 galaxies at z ~ 0.1 we find { \Omega } _ { HI } = ( 0.33 $ \pm $ 0.05 ) ~ $ \times $ 10 $ ^ { -3 } $ , and at z ~ 0.2 we find { \Omega } _ { HI } = ( 0.34 $ \pm $ 0.09 ) ~ $ \times $ 10 $ ^ { -3 } $ , based on 96 galaxies .
Using Random Sequential Adsorption ( RSA ) method , we simulated adsorption process in which the orientation of adsorbate was described by a non-uniform probability distribution .	Thus obtained covering layers had different level of global orientational ordering .
We consider a multi-armed bandit setting that is inspired by real-world applications in e-commerce .	In our setting , there are a few types of users , each with a specific response to the different arms .
88 , 102902 ( 2006 ) ) .	Since the magnetodielectric effect does not occur due to a coupling of polarization and magnetization as expected in magnetoferroelectrics , we call it improper magnetodielectric effect .
All non-trivial software systems suffer from unanticipated production failures .	However , those systems are passive with respect to failures and do not take advantage of them in order to improve their future behavior : they simply wait for them to happen and trigger hard-coded failure recovery strategies .
We avoid the conventional summation of zero-point energies , and instead exploit the relation between functional determinants and solutions of associated differential equations .	This approach allows ultraviolet divergences to be easily isolated and extracted using any convenient regularization scheme .
Fluctuations measured on leading edges appear to be predominantly related to actin polymerization-depolymerization processes .	We found fast ( 5 Hz ) pulsatory behavior with 1 -- 2 nm amplitude on a cell with low motility showing emphasized structure of stress fibres .
We compute the measure with multiplicity of the set of complex planes intersecting a compact domain in a complex space form .	The result is given in terms of the so-called hermitian intrinsic volumes .
Solar-cycle related variation of differential rotation is investigated through analyzing the rotation rates of magnetic fields , distributed along latitudes and varying with time at the time interval of August 1976 to April 2008 .	More pronounced differentiation of rotation rates is found to appear at the ascending part of a Schwabe cycle than at the descending part on an average .
We investigate the jet-quenching parameter $ \hat { q } $ for the quark-gluon plasma ( QGP ) for $ N_c=3 $ , defined nonperturbatively with the Wilson loop in the light-cone ( LC ) coordinate , at finite temperature $ ( T ) $ .	Considering the effective static ( heavy ) quark-antiquark potential $ V_ { \bar { Q } Q } =\sigma L+C-A/L $ , where $ L $ indicates the LC transverse separation between the quarks , we obtain $ \hat { q } \approx8V_ { \bar { Q } Q } /L^2 $ .
Second , from an identity which we derive between two- and three-particle correlation functions , we make a mathematically controlled decoupling to obtain the same result .	We also calculate weak localization corrections to this result , and show for two dimensional systems ( which are of most interest ) that corrections vanish to three-loop order .
The photometry is the deepest to date for an isolated dwarf irregular galaxy .	The resulting color-magnitude diagram ( CMD ) is analyzed using three different methods to derive a star formation history ( SFH ) .
This is due to the application of the $ \chi $ EFT framework .	The inclusion of the NNN interaction produces a suppression of the low-energy peak and enhancement of the high-energy tail of the cross section .
In this report we report on a caffe feature extraction pipeline of images taken from the videos of the UCF Sports Action dataset .	A similar test was performed on overfeat , and results were inferior to caffe .
Therefore , the measurement of the number of muons at ground level is an essential ingredient to infer the cosmic ray mass composition .	In this work we present a new method for reconstructing the muon lateral distribution function with an array of segmented counters .
At higher bias currents , the contacts recover ohmic behavior and the observed response agrees well with the calculated bolometric responsivity .	The bolometric response is expected to operate at terahertz frequencies , and we discuss some of the practical issues associated with developing high frequency detectors based on carbon nanotubes .
It is therefore important to examine the input physics carefully , to be sure that all relevant and potentially important physical processes are included .	In this paper we continue a line of research begun last year , and explore the role that winds are expected to play in the evolution of CBSSs .
Therefore , in order to study the detail of evaporation process , the nonequilibrium effects of the energy flow should be taken into account .	Using the nonequilibrium thermodynamics which has been formulated recently , this paper shows the following : ( 1 ) Time scale of black hole evaporation in a heat bath becomes shorter than that of the evaporation in an empty space ( a situation without heat bath ) , because a nonequilibrium effect of temperature difference between the black hole and heat bath appears as a strong energy extraction from the black hole by the heat bath .
Let $ f_1=1 , f_2=2 $ and $ f_i=f_ { i-1 } +f_ { i-2 } $ for $ i & gt ; 2 $ be the sequence of Fibonacci numbers .	Let $ \Phi_h ( n ) $ be the quantity of partitions of natural number $ n $ into $ h $ different Fibonacci numbers .
Changing nature of the interaction is expected to head to novel quantum phases .	Here we study the ground state of a two component fermionic gas in a harmonic potential with dipolar and contact interactions .
Can this language be reconstructed from first principles ?	Can we arrive at it from logical reasoning , instead of ad hoc guesswork ?
A partially decentralized system architecture based on step-wise inertial navigation and step-wise dead reckoning is presented .	This architecture is argued to reduce the computational cost and required communication bandwidth by around two orders of magnitude while only giving negligible information loss in comparison with a naive centralized implementation .
The present paper gives a careful analysis of this hybridization approach , identifies several problems and issues with it and other previously proposed approaches , and proposes practical resolutions of those .	Furthermore , simple modifications of the classical criteria for hidden path recognition are shown to lead to a new class of decoders .
The scheme makes use of an echo sequence in which the first half of a laser pulse excites Rydberg states while the second half returns atoms to the ground state , as in the experiment of Raitzsch et al . [ Phys.Rev.Lett .	100 ( 2008 ) 013002 ] .
We also include in the sample previously published Sloan Digital Sky Survey spectra and supplemental observations with MMT/Hectospec .	We detail the observations and classification analyses .
The costs and complexity of providing quality DCIM are constantly being tested and evaluated by the United States Government and companies such as Google , Microsoft and Facebook .	This paper will demonstrate a system where Big Data strategies and 3D gaming technology is leveraged to successfully monitor and analyze multiple HPC systems and a lights-out modular HP EcoPOD 240a Data Center on a singular platform .
We consider long-baseline neutrino oscillations in the framework of two schemes with mixing of four massive neutrinos which can accommodate all the existing indications in favour of neutrino mixing .	Within these schemes , we derive bounds on the oscillation probabilities and the CP-odd neutrino-antineutrino asymmetries in long-baseline experiments .
Regardless of one 's philosophical views about such theories , the question arises of whether one can cleanly rule them out , by proving no-go theorems analogous to the Bell Inequality .	In the 1960s , Kochen and Specker ( who first studied these theories ) constructed an elegant psi-epistemic theory for Hilbert space dimension d=2 , but also showed that any deterministic psi-epistemic theory must be `` measurement contextual '' in dimensions 3 and higher .
A fully converged solution ( for a given star formation and feedback model ) can be determined at a level of precision of about 20 % , but such a solution is useless in practice , since achieving it in production-grade simulations would require a large set of runs at various mass and spatial resolutions , and computational resources for such an undertaking are not yet readily available .	In order to make progress in the interim , I introduce a weak convergence correction factor in the star formation recipe , which allows one to approximate the fully converged solution with finite resolution simulations .
Pitfalls related to the convergence of $ GW $ calculations for 2D materials are discussed together with possible solutions .	The monolayer band edge positions relative to vacuum are used to estimate the band alignment at various heterostructure interfaces .
In the core of the method lies likelihood fitting which is designed to improve measurement accuracies of the kinematical variables that specify the final states resulting from ttbar decays .	The improvement is demonstrated by applying this method to a Monte-Carlo ttbar sample generated with various experimental effects including beamstrahlung , finite acceptance and resolution of the detector system , etc .
As per earlier simulation results electron capture and $ \beta $ -decay on certain isotopes of titanium are considered to be important for the presupernova evolution of massive stars .	Earlier the stellar electron capture rates and neutrino energy loss rates due to relevant titanium isotopes were presented .
If $ s $ is the scalar curvature and $ W_+ $ is the self-dual part of Weyl tensor , then it will be shown that there is no metric $ g $ on $ S^2 \times S^2 $ with both ( i ) $ K & gt ; 0 $ and ( ii ) $ { 1/6 } s - W_+ \ge 0 $ .	We also investigate other aspects of 4-manifolds with non-negative sectional curvature .
The systems that produce multiple merger remnants are dense , six -- member groups in virial equilibrium with low velocity dispersions .	Multiple and pair mergers produce remnants which differ in both their spatial and kinematic properties .
Direct detection of the first cosmic explosions in the universe will only be possible with JWST , WFIRST and the next generation of extremely large telescopes .	But strong gravitational lensing by massive clusters , like those in the Frontier Fields , could reveal supernovae at slightly lower redshifts now by magnifying their flux by factors of 10 or more .
In this paper we show that for an irreducible permutation $ \pi $ which is not a rotation , the set of $ [ \lambda ] \in \mathbb { P } _+^ { d-1 } $ such that the interval exchange transformation $ f ( [ \lambda ] , \pi ) $ is not weakly mixing does not have full Hausdorff dimension .	We also obtain an analogous statement for translation flows .
Recent work has shown that the resistive force arising from viscous effects within the pore region could explain [ Ghosal , S. Phys.Rev.E . vol .	71 , 051904 ( 2006 ) and Phys.Rev.Lett.vol .
The calculations are performed within the virtual crystal approximation , $ sp^3 s^* $ spin dependent empirical tight-binding model and the surface Green function matching method .	A good agreement is found between our results and experimental data obtained for AlGaAs/GaAs quantum wells with thermally induced changes in the profile at the interfaces .
This allows us to obtain handy formulae for classical , quantum , total correlations , as well as bipartite and multipartite entanglement .	We apply our techniques to the study of correlations between two modes of a scalar field as described by observers in different states of motion .
We study the phenomenological constraints on a recently proposed model of open inflation in the context of induced gravity .	The main interest of this model is the relatively small number of parameters , which may be constrained by many different types of observation .
For the BCS itself , we find no convincing evidence for cluster evolution within a redshift of $ z=0.3 $ .	This result is not in conflict with the findings of the EMSS study on cluster evolution .
Each telescope comprises a large reflector , of order 10 m diameter , made of many mirror facets , and a camera consisting of a matrix of photomultiplier pixels .	Differences in the total throughput between nominally identical telescopes , due to aging of the mirrors and PMTs and other effects , should be monitored to reduce possible systematic errors .
The observational results are reviewed for spiral , barred and flocculent galaxies , the Milky Way , halos and relics of galaxy clusters , and for the intergalactic medium .	Polarization observations with the forthcoming large radio telescopes will open a new era in the observation of cosmic magnetic fields and will help to understand their origin .
A global fit to all acceptable He beam maps from 1994-2007 yields the following He flow parameters : V_ISM=26.08+/-0.21 km/s , lambda=75.54+/-0.19 deg , beta=-5.44+/-0.24 deg , and T=7260+/-270 K ; where lambda and beta are the ecliptic longitude and latitude direction in J2000 coordinates .	The flow vector is consistent with the original analysis of the Ulysses team , but our temperature is significantly higher .
A number of tools have been proposed to assess the statistical significance of recurrent DNA copy number aberrations , but their statistical properties have not been carefully studied .	Cyclic shift testing , a permutation procedure using independent random shifts of genomic marker observations on the genome , has been proposed to identify recurrent aberrations , and is potentially useful for a wider variety of purposes , including identifying regions with methylation aberrations or overrepresented in disease association studies .
If the wall is thin relative to plasma mean free paths , one computes baryon current into the broken phase by determining the quantum mechanical transmission of plasma components in the potential of the spatially changing Higgs VEV .	We show that baryon current can also be obtained using a statistical density operator .
Over the last thirty years various inference mechanisms have been proposed for realizing these main functionalities of a rule-based system .	However , these inference mechanisms have been rarely used in commercial DB systems until now .
The usually obtained quartic divergence is an artifact of the use of a noninvariant regularization which violates this relation .	One consequence of our results is that the zero-point energies of free massless fields vanish .
We discuss in this paper the conformal geometry of bi-invariant metrics on compact semisimple Lie groups .	For this purpose we develop a conformal Cartan calculus adapted to this problem .
However , these matrix elements derive from the properties of quantum chromodynamics ( QCD ) at low energies , where the coupling is strong and thus perturbative treatments fail .	Using lattice gauge theory , we can nonperturbatively calculate the QCD path integral on a supercomputer .
We prove that these r-matrices are uniquely characterized by a non-degeneracy property and apply a construction due to Li and Xu to associate spin Calogero type models with them .	The equation of motion of any model of this type is found to be a projection of the natural geodesic equation on a Lie group $ G $ with Lie algebra $ { \cal G } $ , and its phase space is interpreted as a Hamiltonian reduction of an open submanifold of the cotangent bundle $ T^*G $ , using the symmetry arising from the adjoint action of $ G $ twisted by the underlying automorphism .
To this end , we consider the physics of quantum phase fluctuations in ( granular ) superconductors in the absence of disorder and emphasise the role of two order parameters in the problem , viz .	phase order and charge order .
We employ a quark-jet model to describe multiple hadron emissions by such a quark , taking the Collins effect into account .	The resulting hadron distributions exhibit modulation up to fourth order in $ \sin ( \varphi ) $ when only two hadron emissions are allowed , rising with any further increase in the number of emitted hadrons .
However , in most cases the quantum wave packet spreads and undergoes a series of collapses and revivals .	We present a generic treatment of wave-packet evolution , and we provide conditions under which various types of revivals occur in ideal form .
Prior to our work , it was not known whether knowledge assumptions could be used for achieving security in the concurrent setting , due to a number of significant limitations that we discuss here .	Nevertheless , we obtain the following results : 1 .
The strips considered , with their boundary conditions ( $ BC $ ) are ( a ) $ ( FBC_y , PBC_x ) = $ cyclic , ( b ) $ ( FBC_y , TPBC_x ) = $ M\ '' obius , ( c ) $ ( PBC_y , PBC_x ) = $ toroidal , and ( d ) $ ( PBC_y , TPBC_x ) = $ Klein bottle , where $ F $ , $ P $ , and $ TP $ denote free , periodic , and twisted periodic .	Exact calculations of $ P $ and $ W $ are also given for wider strips , including ( e ) cyclic , $ L_y=4 $ , and ( f ) $ ( PBC_y , FBC_x ) = $ cylindrical , $ L_y=5,6 $ .
There are several progenitor models for SNe Ia proposed in the past years .	In this paper , we have carried out a detailed study of the He star donor channel , in which a carbon-oxygen white dwarf ( CO WD ) accretes material from a He main sequence star or a He subgiant to increase its mass to the Chandrasekhar mass .
The latter seems to apply particularly well to a specific boundary condition , sometimes dubbed `` anti-Kirchhoff '' in the literature , that arise in the theory of differential operators on graphs ; it also permits to discuss interesting and more direct connections between the spectrum of the differential operator and some graph theoretical quantities .	In either case our results yield , among other , some results on the symmetry of the spectrum .
[ Nature { \bf 398 } , 401 ( 1999 ) ] , we present here a comprehensive theory of thermal radiation in single-bubble sonoluminescence ( SBSL ) .	We first invoke the generalized Kirchhoff 's law to obtain the thermal emissivity from the absorption cross-section of a multilayered sphere ( MLS ) .
A Dalitz-like plot of said invariant masses , $ M ( x\bar { x } ) $ { \it vs. $ $ } $ M ( y\bar { y } ) $ , exhibits a topology connected to the masses and specific decay chains of $ X_i $ and $ X_j $ .	Aside from relatively minor details , observed patterns consist of a collection of box and wedge shapes .
The radion couples to the trace of energy momentum tensor of the standard model ( SM ) with a strength suppressed only by a new scale ( $ \Lambda_ { \phi } $ ) of an order of the electroweak scale .	In particular , the effective coupling of a radion to two gluons are enhanced due to the trace anomaly of QCD .
We use this nozzle to prepare a molecular beam of aluminum monohydride ( AlH ) suitable for ion trap loading of AlH $ ^+ $ via photoionization in ultra-high vacuum .	We demonstrate stable AlH production over hour time scales using a liquid ablation target .
Finally , we compare experimental measures and simulation results using the initial model or the reduced model .	The reduced model shows negligible difference in accuracy , and the computing time shortens .
We have selected pre-main-sequence stars in 12 groups of notional ages ranging from 1 Myr to 35 Myrs , using heterogeneous membership criteria .	Using these members we have constructed empirical isochrones in V , V-I colour magnitude diagrams ( CMDs ) .
Similarly as in the Strong Field Approximation ( SFA ) , the effects of atomic potential on the motion of electron in the laser field are neglected .	The SFA has proven to be an essential tool in strong field physics in the sense that it is able to predict with great precision the harmonic ( in the HHG ) and energy ( in the ATI ) limits .
We present a broad classification of all outbursts detected with the All-Sky Monitor ( ASM ) on the Rossi X-Ray Timing Explorer ( RXTE ) and the Monitor of All Sky X-Ray Image ( MAXI ) of Aql X-1 .	We identify three types of outbursts ; long-high , medium-low , and short-low , based on the duration and maximum flux .
If \ ( A \ ) is a set of natural numbers containing \ ( 0 \ ) , then there is a unique nonempty `` reciprocal '' set \ ( B \ ) of natural numbers ( containing \ ( 0 \ ) ) such that every positive integer can be written in the form \ ( a + b \ ) , where \ ( a \in A \ ) and \ ( b \in B \ ) , in an even number of ways .	Furthermore , the generating functions for \ ( A \ ) and \ ( B \ ) over \ ( \FF_2 \ ) are reciprocals in \ ( \FF_2 [ [ q ] ] \ ) .
Our new method is based on the construction of a { \it collecting-correlated-pair } technique which enhances the topological signature and can make it detectable .	The main idea is that in multi-connected universes , equal distances occur more often than by chance .
A unique central charge in the algebra of gauge transformations appears naturally in this extension .	We present an infinite dimensional extended 3-algebra with a general metric and also a different extension with a Lorentzian metric .
Moreover , if the correct filter lies within the space of filters being explored , maximizing mutual information becomes equivalent to simultaneously maximizing every dependence measure that satisfies the Data Processing Inequality .	It is important to note that maximizing mutual information will typically leave a small number of directions in parameter space unconstrained .
At low temperatures $ T $ , we find that $ \alpha_ { xy } $ is independent of $ \tau $ , consistent with anomalous-velocity theories .	Its magnitude is fixed by a microscopic geometric area $ { \cal A } \sim 34 \mathrm { \AA } ^2 $ .
We study the influence of the annihilation of the particles on this mass limit .	We give the change of its value over the age of the Universe with annihilation cross sections relevant for such fermions constituting the dark matter .
Aging can be realized as a sub-algebra of Schr\ '' odinger algebra by discarding the time-translation generator .	While the 2-point functions of the Age algebra have been known for some time , little else was known about the higher $ n $ -point correlators .
We apply the imaging technique by Brown and Danielewicz , which allows a model-independent extraction of source functions with useful accuracy out to relative pion separations of about 20 fm .	We found that extracted source functions have Gaussian shapes .
Our sample includes & gt ; 2000 spectroscopic redshifts and ~31000 LBGs in 31 spatially-independent fields over a total area of 3261 arcmin^2 .	These data allow us to select galaxies to 0.07L* and 0.10L* at z~2 and z~3 , respectively .
Baryon poor jets , as input to the observed GRB/afterglow emissions , may result from dissipation in a gap along an open flux-tube on the axis of rotation of the black hole .	The torus is expected to radiate a major fraction of the black hole luminosity into gravitational waves , which suggests that long GRBs may be the most powerful LIGO/VIRGO burst sources in the Universe . ( Abbreviated )
Definitions and ideas from the first part are used in the context of the model .	In the end , we discuss the puzzling question of entanglement .
The key novelty of our approach lies in the type of feedback expected from the user : the human user does not need to demonstrate optimal trajectories as training data , but merely needs to iteratively provide trajectories that slightly improve over the trajectory currently proposed by the system .	We argue that this co-active preference feedback can be more easily elicited from the user than demonstrations of optimal trajectories , which are often challenging and non-intuitive to provide on high degrees of freedom manipulators .
The corresponding parallel transport operator along a timelike curve $ \cC $ is interpreted as the time evolution operator of an observer moving along $ \cC $ .	The holonomy group of the connection , which can be interpreted as a group of local symmetry transformations , and the set of observables have to satisfy certain consistency conditions .
An implementation of the fast multiple method ( FMM ) is performed for magnetic systems with long-ranged dipolar interactions .	Expansion in spherical harmonics of the original FMM is replaced by expansion of polynomials in Cartesian coordinates , which is considerably simpler .
The energy loss of the hard partons in the QGP is incorporated in the mFFs which utilize two most important parameters to characterize the transport properties of the hard parton jets : the jet transport parameter $ \hat q_ { 0 } $ and the mean free path $ \lambda_ { 0 } $ , both at the initial time $ \tau_0 $ .	A phenomenological study of the experimental data for $ R_ { AA } ( p_ { T } ) $ is performed to constrain the two parameters with simultaneous $ \chi^2/ { \rm d.o.f } $ fits to RHIC as well as LHC data .
We outline selected trends and results in theoretical modeling of quantum systems in support of the developing research field of quantum information processing .	The resulting modeling tools have been applied to semiconductor materials and nanostructures that show promise for implementation of coherent , controlled quantum dynamics at the level of registers of several quantum bits ( qubits ) , such as spins .
The observations include 78 individual epochs distributed over 5 months at a radio frequency of 3.1 GHz with a median RMS image noise in each epoch of 2.8 mJy .	We produce 5 monthly images with a median RMS of 0.6 mJy .
Momentum injection is provided by ( 1 ) radiation pressure produced by the continuum absorption and scattering of UV photons on dust grains and ( 2 ) supernovae .	UV radiation can be produced by a starburst or AGN activity .
Nature-inspired devices and architectures are attracting considerable attention for various purposes , including the development of novel computing techniques based on spatiotemporal dynamics , exploiting stochastic processes for computing , and reducing energy dissipation .	This paper demonstrates that networks of optical energy transfers between quantum nanostructures mediated by optical near-field interactions occurring at scales far below the wavelength of light could be utilized for solving a constraint satisfaction problem ( CSP ) , the satisfiability problem ( SAT ) , and a decision making problem .
Vol.58 p.230 ( 1993 ) ] , and later the result was reproduced by several authors .	The latter distribution functions actually coincides with classical binomial distribution ( though obtained purely quantum mechanically ) former ( result of 1992 ) is different and we call it here quantum binomial distribution .
We report that antimony tribromide ( SbBr $ _ { 3 } $ ) salt dissolved in liquid diiodomethane ( CH $ _ { 2 } $ I $ _ { 2 } $ ) provides a new high refractive index immersion liquid for optics applications .	The refractive index is tunable from n = 1.74 ( pure ) to n = 1.873 ( saturated ) , by adjusting either salt concentration or temperature ; this allows it to match ( or even exceed ) the refractive index of sapphire .
We have performed a detailed pulse phase resolved spectral analysis of the cyclotron resonant scattering features ( CRSF ) of the two Be/X-ray pulsars A0535+26 and XTE J1946+274 and the wind accreting HMXB pulsar 4U 1907+09 using Suzaku observations .	The CRSF parameters vary strongly over the pulse phase and can be used to map the magnetic field and a possible deviation form the dipole geometry in these sources .
We prove new bounds on the Betti numbers as well as on the number of different stable homotopy types of certain fibers of semi-algebraic sets over a real closed field $ R $ defined by quadratic polynomials , in terms of the parameters of the system of polynomials defining them , which improve the known results .	We conclude the thesis with presenting two new algorithms along with their implementations .
The device consists of an aluminium single-electron transistors with a GaMnAs magnetic back-gate .	Changing between different logic gate functions is realized by reorienting the magnetic moments of the magnetic layer which induce a voltage shift on the Coulomb blockade oscillations of the MSET .
On the way , we give a general method to compute $ A^TA $ .	We preserve singular values of $ A^TA $ with $ \epsilon $ relative error with shuffle size $ O ( n^2/\epsilon^2 ) $ and reduce-key complexity $ O ( n/\epsilon^2 ) $ .
A GIG rule specifies a set of parse configurations that trigger its application and an operation to perform on a matching configuration .	Rules are partly context-sensitive ; furthermore , they are reversible , meaning that their operations can be undone , which allows the parsing process to be nondeterministic .
Water contact angles measured on the lotus-leaf-like copper and silicon films were 136.3 \pm 8 { \deg } and 117.8 \pm 4.4 { \deg } , respectively .	The hydrophobic lotus-leaf-like inorganic films had been repeated used as nanoimprint stamps .
Our main result , obtained for rectangular domains , shows that the resulting optimization method , which we refer to as QMC-SA , converges almost surely to the global optimum of the objective function $ \varphi $ for any $ R\in\mathbb { N } $ .	When $ \varphi $ is univariate , we are in addition able to show that the completely deterministic version of QMC-SA is convergent .
The CDW order in real space can be uni-directional ( either $ \Delta_x $ or $ \Delta_y $ is non-zero ) or bi-directional ( both $ \Delta_x $ and $ \Delta_y $ are non-zero ) .	To understand which of the two orders develop , we adopt the magnetic scenario , in which the CDW order appears due to spin-fluctuation exchange , and derive the Ginzburg-Landau action to the sixth order in $ \Delta_x $ and $ \Delta_y $ .
In the design of probabilistic timed systems , bounded requirements concerning behaviour that occurs within a given time , energy , or more generally cost budget are of central importance .	Traditionally , such requirements have been model-checked via a reduction to the unbounded case by unfolding the model according to the cost bound .
The salient feature of these localized buckling regions is that they are indistinguishable from their surroundings as far as material parameters or connectivity of their constituent elements are concerned .	Furthermore , they are robust against a wide range of structural perturbations .
Essentially we regard converging power series expansion of a deformed product on a locally convex algebra , thus giving the means to actually insert complex values for the deformation parameter .	Moreover we establish a topological duality theory for locally convex Hopf algebras .
The interplay between the modern cosmology , Bayesian statistics , and philosophy of science is presented .	We consider paradoxes of confirmation , like Goodman 's paradox , appearing in the Bayesian theory of confirmation .
ATLAS and CMS recently released the first results of searches for diphoton resonances in 13 TeV data , revealing a modest excess at an invariant mass of approximately 750 GeV .	We find that it is generically possible that a singlet scalar resonance is the origin of the excess while avoiding all other constraints .
The adversary 's error rate is within a constant factor of optimal .	Given the error rate , the round complexity blowup is within a factor of $ \mathcal { O } ( k \log n ) $ of optimal , where $ k $ is the edge connectivity of $ G $ .
We consider the low energy collective monopole modes of a trapped weakly interacting atomic Fermi gas in the collisionless regime .	The spectrum is calculated for varying coupling strength and chemical potential .
Most prior work has focused on hybrid precoding for narrow-band mmWave systems .	MmWave systems , however , will likely operate on wideband channels with frequency selectivity .
The models of mass M & gt ; = 0.9 Msun undergo the central hydrogen flash , triggered by the carbon production due to the 3-alpha reactions .	We find that the border of the off-center and central ignition of helium core flash falls between 1.1 and 1.2 Msun ; the models of mass M & lt ; = 1.1 Msun experience the hydrogen mixing at the tip of red giant branch while the models of M = 1.2 Msun during the helium shell flashes on the asymptotic giant branch .
Each algebra of supersymmetry naturally determines a flat connection nabla^ { S } in the spin bundle S ( M_0 ) .	Killing vectors together with generalized Killing spinors ( i.e.nabla^ { S } -parallel spinors ) are interpreted as the values of appropriate geometric symmetries of M , namely even and odd Killing fields .
With the prospect of improved Higgs measurements at the LHC and at proposed future colliders such as ILC , CLIC and TLEP we study the non-custodial Randall-Sundrum model with bulk SM fields and compare brane and bulk Higgs scenarios .	The latter bear resemblance to the well studied type III two-Higgs-doublet models .
First I extend these analyses to calculate the work required even if the output of pi depends on its input , and even if C is not used with the distribution P_0 it was tailored for .	Next I show that if C will be re-used , then the minimal work to run it depends only on the logical computation pi , independent of the physical details of C. This establishes a formal identity between the thermodynamics of ( re-usable ) computers and theoretical computer science .
We perform the renormalization of our observables and approach the continuum limit with N_t=6,8 and 10 lattices .	We also check finite volume effects using various lattice volumes .
Such a widespread approach relies on some assumptions , whose satisfaction is of foremost importance to guarantee the robustness of the solution .	Some of these assumptions , like having a `` secure '' chan- nel to transmit data , or having sound algorithms to check the correct- ness of the data , are not addressed by this paper .
Based on the adjoint information , a quasi-Newton algorithm is proposed for the numerical solution of the bilevel problems .	Numerical experiments are carried out to show the suitability of our approach and the improved performance of the new cost functional .
Thus we have an unusual type of little Higgs model which has some quirky signatures .	The top partner in this model could be identified at the Large Hadron Collider due to macroscopic strings that connect quirk and anti-quirks .
The stainability of cells with trypan blue ( 0,5 % ) and indigocarmine ( 5 mM ) after 5 min of staining was investigated .	Irradiation induced chromatin condensation ( increase of number of heterochromatin granules ) and increase of membrane permeability to vital dyes trypan blue and indigocarmine .
The nonparametric fit is a Nadaraya-Watson quantile smoothing estimator .	An asymptotic treatment of the test statistic requires the development of new mathematical arguments .
We carefully analyze the WFPC2 and STIS images of GRB970228 .	We measure magnitudes for the GRB970228 point source component in the WFPC2 images of $ V=26.20^ { +0.14 } _ { -0.13 } $ , $ I_c=23.94^ { +0.10 } _ { -0.09 } $ and $ V=26.52^ { +0.16 } _ { -0.18 } $ , $ I_c=24.31^ { +0.15 } _ { -0.11 } $ on March 26 and April 7 , respectively ; and $ R_c=27.09^ { +0.14 } _ { -0.14 } $ on September 4 in the STIS image .
We show that it can potentially be measured through twist-three GPDs .	The second is the much-debated canonical OAM distribution natural in free-field theory and light-cone gauge .
As a result of taking into account spin excitations we find a p- like band near the Fermi level .	The dispersion of this band gives a Fermi surface which is in good agreement with the experimental measurements .
This residual conductivity arises from interband correlation and strongly depends on strength of electron-impurity scattering .	We also clarify that the electron-impurity interaction makes substantial contributions to the spin- and valley-Hall conductivities , which , however , are almost independent of impurity density .
The continuum theory of partially fluidized shear granular flows is tested and calibrated using two dimensional soft particle molecular dynamics simulations .	The theory is based on the relaxational dynamics of the order parameter that describes the transition between static and flowing regimes of granular material .
We find that the sign of $ t_2 $ has a significant influence on the localization effects .	We also provide analytical results in support of the trends found in the localization behavior .
Quantum-mechanical perturbative methods with respect to the trigonal warping term hardly describe the data which are , on the other hand , fairly well reproduced within a quasi-classical approach and conventional band structure model .	Trigonal symmetry is preserved in graphite in contrast to a similar system , bilayer graphene .
The entropy , in this thermodynamics , is associated to the reduced density operator for the evolution of chirality , taking a partial trace over positions .	From the asymptotic reduced density matrix it is possible to define thermodynamic quantities , such as the asymptotic entanglement entropy , temperature , Helmholz free energy , etc .
For example we obtain the ( bicovariant ) inhomogeneous $ q $ -algebra $ ISO_q ( N ) $ as a consistent projection of the ( bicovariant ) $ q $ -algebra $ SO_q ( N+2 ) $ .	This projection works for particular multiparametric deformations of $ SO ( N+2 ) $ , the so-called `` minimal '' deformations .
Two different graphs are studied : rings ( one-dimensional lattices with cyclic boundary conditions ) and scale-free networks of the Barabasi-Albert type .	The proposed evolutionary-graph model is studied both by means of Monte Carlo simulations and an extended pair-approximation technique .
For simple systems and as for scalable ones analytical expressions are obtainable .	In the present work we offer examples of both .
Our method is first to identify this ( Weierstrass high dimensional period ) problem with the problem of finding a particular type of polygonal arc in the complex domain : the arc alternates between horizontal and vertical segments , and the two complementary regions admit a conformal , vertex-preserving map .	The pair of complementary domains represent flat structures for pieces of the Weierstrass data .
Great uncertainty surrounds dark energy , both in terms of its physics , and the choice of methods by which the problem should be addressed .	Here we quantify the redshift sensitivities offered by different techniques .
However , the instances in a bag are rarely independent , and therefore a better performance can be expected if the instances are treated in an non-i.i.d .	way that exploits the relations among instances .
The infinite set of constraints are written in a geometrically clear form as an infinite set of Codacci tensors on the initial hypersurface .	In particular , we show that the initial data set for silent universes is `` non-contorted '' and therefore ( Beig and Szabados , 1997 ) isometrically embeddable in a conformally flat spacetime .
Therefore , the study of blazars ( and in general of radio loud AGN ) through the use of multi-frequency simultaneous data is essential in order to understand the physical processes that take place in these objects .	With Planck , Fermi and Swift simultaneously on orbit , complemented with other space and ground-based observatories , it is possible to assemble high-quality multi-frequency simultaneous broad-band spectra of large and statistically well-defined samples of radio-loud AGN .
It is found that excellent fits to all the spectra can be obtained using a phenomenological decomposition of the CO stretching vibration profile at 4.67 micron into 3 components .	All observed interstellar CO profiles can thus be uniquely described by a model depending on only 3 linear fit parameters , indicating that a maximum of 3 specific molecular environments of solid CO exist under astrophysical conditions .
The design of a scheduling scheme is crucial for the efficiency and user-fairness of wireless networks .	Assuming that the quality of all user channels is available to a central controller , a simple scheme which maximizes the utility function defined as the sum logarithm throughput of all users has been shown to guarantee proportional fairness .
The features of Wolf-Rayet stars observed in the spectrum of the object , along with its ionising properties , lead to different solutions for the ages and characteristics of the ionising stellar populations.The found solutions are compatible with either a composite population of two ionising clusters or a continuous star formation .	In the first case , a young cluster , with an age less than 3 Myr , would be responsible for most of the ionisation properties while an older cluster , with either 3.2 or 4.2 Myr , would be responsible for the emission of the observed WR features in the spectrum of the knot .
Our knowledge of flavour dynamics has undergone a `quantum jump ' since just before the turn of the millenium : direct \cp violation has been firmly { \em established } in $ K_L \to \pi \pi $ decays in 1999 ; the first \cp asymmetry outside $ K_L $ decays has been discovered in 2001 in $ B_d \to \psi K_S $ , followed by $ B_d \to \pi^+\pi^- $ , $ \eta^ { \prime } K_S $ and $ B \to K^ { \pm } \pi^ { \mp } $ , the last one establishing direct \cp violation also in the beauty sector.Furthermore CKM dynamics allows a description of \cp insensitive and sensitive $ B $ , $ K $ and $ D $ transitions that is impressively consistent also on the quantitative level .	Theories of flavour dynamics that could serve as { \em alternatives } to CKM have been ruled out .
This article discusses how re-emission of absorbed solar light by centimeter- to decimeter-sized structures on the surface of an asteroid can create a component of the recoil force parallel to the surface .	Under certain conditions the west side of stones appear to be on average slightly warmer than their east sides , thus experiencing a stronger recoil force and increasing the rotation rate of the asteroid .
In this paper we set new bounds on the dark radiation and neutrino properties in different cosmological scenarios combining the ACT and SPT data with the nine year data release of the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP9 ) , Baryon Acoustic Oscillation data , Hubble Telescope measurements of the Hubble constant , and Supernovae Ia luminosity distance data .	In the standard three massive neutrino case , the two high multipole probes give similar results if Baryon Acoustic Oscillation data are removed from the analyses and Hubble Telescope measurements are also exploited .
These provide data simultaneously on both H and D with nearly complete angular distributions of the spin-difference cross sections entering the Gerasimov-Drell-Hearn ( GDH ) sum rule .	Recent results from Mainz and Bonn exceed the GDH prediction for the proton by 22 microbarns , suggesting as yet unmeasured high-energy components .
When we try to search for extraterrestrial life and intelligence , we have to follow some guidelines .	The first step is to clarify what is to be meant by `` Life '' and `` intelligence '' , i.e.an attempt to define these words .
In contrast , in this work we investigate the interface properties of Fe $ _3 $ O $ _4 $ with different metals , with the contact effects providing a window on the physics at work in the correlated oxide .	Contact resistances are determined by means of four-terminal electrical measurements as a function of source voltage and temperature .
Our data reveal the presence of a K7V companion which contributes 77 % to the total flux at 6300 A and orbits the neutron star at K_2 = 287 +/- 12 km/s .	Contrary to other soft X-ray transients ( SXTs ) , the Halpha emission is almost exactly in antiphase with the velocity curve of the optical companion .
We find that the spectrum of the AB mode is separated from the particle-hole continuum having the characteristic rotonlike minimum at short wavelength due to the strong charge-density-wave fluctuations .	The energy of the rotonlike minimum decreases with increasing the lattice velocity and it reaches zero at the critical velocity which is smaller than the pair breaking velocity .
In this work , we formulate this problem as the minimization of a convex objective combining a maximum-likelihood term with a sparse synthesis prior .	We present MLNet - a novel feed-forward neural network , producing acceptable output quality at a fixed complexity and is two orders of magnitude faster than iterative algorithms .
( 2 ) We use an analytic approach to derive strategyproof mechanisms which are more competitive than all prior strategyproof mechanisms .	( 3 ) We improve the linear-program-based proof of Guo and Conitzer to show new upper bounds on competitive ratios .
In this case , a fomula for the regularity of I ( X ) is given .	We show an upper bound for this invariant , when X is associated to a ( not necessarily connected ) bipartite graph .
The array has two layers , each consisting of a set of parallel wires , arranged at right angles , such that an overdamped resistively-shunted junction forms wherever two wires cross .	A uniform magnetic field equal to f flux quanta per plaquette is applied perpendicular to the layers .
In a previous work that did not include CO desorption [ G. M. Buendia and P. A. Rikvold , Phys.Rev .	E , 85 031143 ( 2012 ) ] , we found that the impurities have very distinctive effects on the phase diagram and greatly diminish the reactivity of the system .
Their absolute magnitudes M_ { B , V , I } are calibrated by eight SNeIa with Cepheid distances from HST .	Combining this calibration with the appropriate Hubble diagrams yields a large-scale value of H_0 = 58.5+/-6.3 at the 90-percent confidence level .
This limits was set with an apparatus using ultra cold neutrons stored in a vessel at room temperature .	The nEDM collaboration at the Paul Scherrer Institute in Switzerland aims at reaching a sensitivity in the 10e-27 e cm range soon .
The majority of this work has focused on a five dimensional slice of AdS space .	This thesis attempts to address the question , what possible spaces offer phenomenologically viable resolutions to this gauge hierarchy problem .
It is remarkable , therefore , that the wave-equation of systems in continuous interaction with some reservoir , which may be a measuring device , can be cast into a linear form , even after the degrees of freedom of the reservoir have been eliminated .	The superposition principle still holds for the stochastic wave-function of the observed system , and exact analytical solutions are possible in sufficiently simple cases .
These magnets allow for point-like topological defects which are believed to unbind and drive either a crossover or a phase transition which separates a low temperature , spin-wave dominated regime from a high temperature regime where defects are abundant .	Our approach can account for the crossover qualitatively and both the temperature dependence of the correlation length as well as a broad but well defined peak in the specific heat are reproduced .
A classification of DNA sequences is given .	Calculations with real sequences show that purine-pyrimidine symmetry increases with growing of organization .
We also predict a distinctive dip in the HE lightcurve for perturbations caused by a change in the proton injection spectral index .	These plateaus / dips could be a tell tale signature of hadronic models for perturbations that lead to more efficient acceleration of high energy protons in parameter regimes where pion and muon synchrotron emission is non-negligible .
It is shown that these protocols converge to a steady state , where stations take turns to transmit in each neighborhood without collision .	In other words , an efficient time-division multiple access ( TDMA ) like schedule is formed in a distributed manner , as long as the topology of the network remains static or changes slowly with respect to the execution of the protocol .
Here we present the phase diagram of a spin-polarized Fermi gas of $ ^6 $ Li atoms at unitarity , mapping out the superfluid phase versus temperature and density imbalance .	Using tomographic techniques , we reveal spatial discontinuities in the spin polarization , the signature of a first-order superfluid-to-normal phase transition , which disappears at a tricritical point where the nature of the phase transition changes from first-order to second-order .
In this paper we discuss a software method implemented in the Planck-LFI pseudo-correlation receivers which uses a tunable `` gain modulation factor , r , in the sky-load difference .	Numerical simulations and experimental data show how proper tuning of the parameter r ensures a very stable differential output with knee frequencies of the order of few mHz .
This thin spectrum in the superconductors consists of in-gap states that are associated with the spontaneous breaking of a global phase symmetry .	In qubits based on mesoscopic superconducting devices , the presence of the thin spectrum implies a maximum coherence time which is proportional to the number of Cooper pairs in the device .
Some thermodynamic quantities of nonrelativistic ideal boson and fermion gases in the static Taub universe are derived to first order in a small anisotropy parameter d which measuring the deformation from the spherical Einstein universe .	They are used to investigate the problem of how the curvature anisotropy affects the thermodynamic behaviors of an ideal gas .
In this paper , we report a model experiment consisting in a 85 mm of diameter ice disc at the surface of a thermalised pool .	The rotation speed has been found to increase with the bath temperature .
The growing share and importance of freely accessible research output demands new approaches/metrics for measuring and for evaluating of these new types of scientific publications .	In this paper we propose a simple quantitative method which establishes indicators by measuring the access/download pattern of OA documents and other web entities of a single web server .
We propose a collective opinion formation model with a so-called confirmation bias .	The confirmation bias is a psychological effect with which , in the context of opinion formation , an individual in favor of an opinion is prone to misperceive new incoming information as supporting the current belief of the individual .
The Hamiltonians are doubly intertwined via matrix-valued functions which are divisors of zero in the resulting Moyal-Clifford algebra .	Two illustrative examples corresponding to Jaynes-Cummings-type models of quantum optics are presented as special cases of the method .
The main novelty of our experimental setup is in the orientation of the main axis , which is parallel to the ( vertical ) direction of shaking of the granular fluid , guaranteeing an isotropic distribution for the velocities of colliding grains , characterized by a variance $ v_0^2 $ .	We also keep the granular system diluted , in order to compare with Boltzmann-equation-based kinetic theory .
This is a review of the cosmological bounds on $ B-L $ violating interactions , and the loopholes in the argument that gives these constraints .	If one assumes that the baryon asymmetry we observe today was present above the electroweak phase transition in equilibrium with the non-perturbative $ B+L $ violating processes , then interactions that violate all three of $ { B/3 - L_i } $ can not simultaneously be in equilibrium .
Expressing the Jacobi metric in terms of a Kahler potential , the integrability condition for the existence of the Killing tensor at fixed energy is a non-linear equation involving the Kahler potential .	At arbitrary energy , further conditions must be imposed which lead to an overdetermined system with isolated solutions .
We study some asymmetric examples which we feel shed some light on this question .	We next obtain necessary and sufficient conditions for domination of a product measure for `` downward '' FKG measures .
We study the problem of minimizing the supremum norm , on a segment of the real line or on a compact set in the plane , by polynomials with integer coefficients .	The extremal polynomials are naturally called integer Chebyshev polynomials .
With the advent of the COBE detection of fluctuations in the Cosmic Microwave Background radiation , the study of inhomogeneous cosmology has entered a new phase .	It is now possible to accurately normalize fluctuations on the largest observable scales , in the linear regime .
This low success rate is in contrast with our z=1 survey where we detected 66 % \ ( 14/21 ) of the MgII hosts .	Taking into account the difference in sensitivity between the two surveys , we should have been able to detect & gt ; 11.4 of the 20 z=2 hosts whereas we found only 4 galaxies .
Especially intriguing is the variety of rich chemical interactions shown by molecular oxygen with aromatic molecules .	We find that O2 etching kinetics vary strongly with the number of graphene layers in the sample .
We demonstrate that dephasing improves transport efficiency not only in the disordered case , but also in the ordered one .	The maximal transport efficiency is obtained when the dephasing timescale matches the hopping timescale , which represent new examples of the Goldilocks principle at the quantum scale .
Here we propose an explanation for this dichotomy , which is unrelated to electron interactions and based instead on the reversible formation of boundaries between stacking domains ( `solitons ' ) .	We argue , using a numerical analysis , that the hallmark features of the previously inferred many-body insulating state can be explained by scattering on boundaries between domains with different stacking order ( AB and BA ) .
In the case of the product of fundamental evaluation modules , we give the precise correspondence with the reduced wedge product , and thus the usual wedge space construction of irreducible level-1 ^sl ( n ) -modules in the limit N- & gt ; infty .	The multiplicity spaces are W ( sl ( n ) ) -algebra modules in this limit .
2002 ) reveals a bipolar , highly ionized region , a neutral disk-like structure seen almost perfectly edge-on , and an intermediate region of moderate ionization .	The slits of our observations cover the same innermost region of Hen 2-90 as the HST image , which allows us to combine the observations .
The rotating Kaluza-Klein black holes contain a 4D dyonic Reissner-Nordstrom black hole and Myers-Perry black hole .	Since the D-brane configurations corresponding to these black holes are known , we expect that our analysis will shed some light on deeper understanding of chiral CFT2 's dual to extremal black holes .
Below a critical temperature $ T_c ' $ ( $ \ll $ $ T_c $ ) , we have observed a weakened Josephson coupling between the CuO $ _2 $ superconducting double layer at the crystal surface and the adjacent one located deeper inside a stack .	The quasiparticle branch in the $ IV $ data of the weakened Josephson junction ( WJJ ) fits well to the tunneling characteristics of a d-wave superconductor ( $ ' $ ) /insulator/d-wave superconductor ( D $ ' $ ID ) junction .
An extension of the latent class model is presented for clustering categorical data by relaxing the classical `` class conditional independence assumption '' of variables .	This model consists in grouping the variables into inter-independent and intra-dependent blocks , in order to consider the main intra-class correlations .
The resulting discrete-in-time trajectories are then consistent with the laws of thermodynamics for these systems : for an isolated system , they exactly conserve the total entropy , and nearly exactly conserve the total energy over exponentially long periods of time .	Moreover , linear and angular momenta are also exactly conserved whenever the exact system does .
In this paper , a high dimensional chaotic systems based mixed keystream generator is proposed to secure the voice data .	As the voice-based communication becomes extensively vital in the application areas of military , voice over IP , voice-conferencing , phone banking , news telecasting etc .
To this end we consider ( 2+1 ) -dimensional domain walls in ( 3+1 ) -dimensional N=2 SQCD with SU ( 2 ) gauge group and two quark flavors in the fundamental representation .	This theory is perturbed by a small mass term of the adjoint matter which , in the leading order in the mass parameter , does not break N=2 supersymmetry , and reduces to a ( generalized ) Fayet-Iliopoulos term in the effective low-energy N=2 SQED .
Spectrally- and temporally-resolved measurements are performed to investigate the interaction dynamics of two important direct-gap excitons ( A and B ) and their associated broadening kinetics .	The two excitons show strongly correlated inter-excitonic dynamic , in which the transient blue-shifted excitonic absorption originates from the internal A-B excitonic interaction .
The ground state self -- similar solution $ f_0 $ is known in closed form and based on numerics , it is supposed to describe the generic blow up behavior of the system .	We prove that the blow up via $ f_0 $ is stable under the assumption that $ f_0 $ does not have unstable modes .
The spectrum displays a relatively flat , featureless continuum .	A spectral energy distribution model consisting of a 9500 K white dwarf , L5 secondary star , cyclotron emission corresponding to a B~13 MG white dwarf magnetic field , and an optically thin circumbinary dust disk is in reasonable agreement with the extant 2MASS , IRAC , and IRS observations of EF Eri .
A classification is given of the locally finite algebras and the operator algebras obtained as limits of direct sums of matrix algebras over E with respect to star-extendible homomorphisms .	The invariants in the algebraic case consist of an additive semigroup , with scale , which is a right module for the semiring $ V_E = Hom_u ( E \otimes \sK , E \otimes \sK ) $ of unitary equivalence classes of star-extendible homomorphisms .
Magnetism sets in as the quantum dots are placed further apart .	It is determined by the electronic shell filling of the individual quantum dots .
Besides the geometric effects expected in rigid body , the diffuseness acquires a rather complex behavior leading to a reduction of the diffuseness along the main axis of deformation simultaneously with an increase of the diffuseness along the other axis .	The possible isospin dependence of this polarization is studied .
This creates tension with a natural electroweak scale .	On the other hand , a much lower scale compatible with precision electroweak and flavor changing neutral current constraints is allowed if we decouple the Kaluza-Klein states of Standard Model gauge bosons from light fermions $ c_ { \rm light } \simeq c_b\simeq 0.5 $ bulk mass parameters ) .
The channel loss incurred in long-distance transmission places a significant burden on quantum key distribution ( QKD ) systems : they must defeat a passive eavesdropper who detects all the light lost in the quantum channel and does so without disturbing the light that reaches the intended destination .	The current QKD implementation with the highest long-distance secret-key rate meets this challenge by transmitting no more than one photon per bit [ Opt.~Express 21 , 24550-24565 ( 2013 ) ] .
We argue that the fuzzy space structure may be relevant at the Planck scale .	The possibility of this fuzzy space-time structure is related to subtle features of infinite dimensional matrices which do not have an analogue in finite dimensions .
Late research has focused on their stability and the topology of the relations between the different organisms to explain the reasons of the system robustness .	Much less attention has been invested in analyzing the systems dynamics .
The Swiss Light Source ( SLS ) has in the order of 500 magnet power supplies ( PS ) installed , ranging from from 3 A/20 V four-quadrant PS to a 950 A/1000 V two-quadrant 3 Hz PS .	All magnet PS have a local digital controller for a digital regulation loop and a 5 MHz optical point-to-point link to the VME level .
Under the assumption that time-varying rewards are associated with states of the system and they can be observed in real-time , the control objective is to maximize the collected reward while satisfying the high level task specification .	In order to properly react to the changing rewards , a controller synthesis framework inspired by model predictive control is proposed , where the rewards are locally optimized at each time-step over a finite horizon , and the immediate optimal control is applied .
We show that if the input wave packet is neither too wide nor too narrow , the optical beam takes a peculiar form which can be considered neither as the Bloch oscillations nor as the breathing mode .	We qualitatively explain the transformation of this intermediate form of the optical beam when the width of the input wave packet changes .
The absorption of hadrons formed inside the nucleus is described with a flavor dependent cross section .	Calculations for rescaled fragmentation functions and nuclear absorption are compared with the EMC and HERMES data for N , Cu and Kr targets with respect to the deuteron target .
We investigate the possibility of detecting these stars through stellar pulsations , since some of them are expected to rapidly cross the Cepheid/RR Lyrae instability strip in their route from the RGB tip to the ZAHB , thus becoming pulsating stars along the way .	As a consequence of their very high evolutionary speed , some of these stars may present anomalously large period change rates .
We reveal that the variation of the nonlocality and nonlinearity along the propagation direction can substantially enhance or weaken the interaction between out-of-phase solitons .	This phenomenon manifests itself as a slowdown or acceleration of the soliton collision dynamics in one-dimensional geometries or of the soliton spiraling rate in bulk media .
While in many cases long-lived superparticles are now stringently constrained by existing exotic searches , we point out that the highly motivated model of gauge mediation with staus as the next-to-lightest superparticle ( NLSP ) has received less attention .	We recast LHC searches for heavy stable charged particles , disappearing tracks , and opposite-flavor leptons with large impact parameters to assess current constraints on a variety of spectra that contain an NLSP stau , and find that portions of the parameter space motivated by naturalness are still experimentally unexplored .
We start with the radiation-driven electron orbits model with the novel concept of scattering flight-time between Landau states .	We calculate the extrema and nodes positions obtaining an exact coincidence with the experimental ones .
The use of waveguide crystal leads to an increase of the harmonic power up to 33mW with input IR power limited to 200mW .	Nevertheless , this impressive efficiency was affected by the long term degradation of the non-linear waveguide crystal .
We also classify those systems on the 3-torus which do not have an attracting or repelling periodic 2-torus .	These classification results allow us to prove some dynamical consequences , including existence and uniqueness results for measures of maximal entropy and quasi-attractors .
We are interested in formulating a viscous model of the universe based on The Bianchi Type IV algebra .	We first begin by considering a congruence of fluid lines in spacetime , upon which , analyzing their propagation behaviour , we derive the famous Raychaudhuri equation , but , in the context of viscous fluids .
This stochastic Schr\ '' odinger equation can be solved with a moderate numerical cost , indeed comparable to that of a Markovian system , and reproduces the dynamics of a system evolving according to a general non-Markovian master equation .	After verifying that it describes thermal relaxation correctly , we apply it for the first time to the energy transport in a spin chain .
Observations of these shocks can provide valuable information on the merger dynamics and physical conditions in the cluster plasma , and even help constrain the nature of dark matter .	To study shock fronts , one needs an X-ray telescope with high angular resolution ( such as Chandra ) , and be lucky to see the merger from the right angle and at the right moment .
Related to this we also investigate a running coupling given in terms of those functions and compare our results to those coming from the Dyson-Schwinger approach .	We present first numerical results for the SU ( 3 ) ghost-ghost-gluon vertex renormalization constant .
A topological invariant expression of the Hall conductance is derived and is used for the proof of the integer quantum Hall effect in the realistic situation .	Anisotropic quantum Hall gas is investigated based on the Hartree-Fock approximation in the same formalism .
In this paper we describe four strategies for visualizing compositionality in neural models for NLP , inspired by similar work in computer vision .	We first plot unit values to visualize compositionality of negation , intensification , and concessive clauses , allow us to see well-known markedness asymmetries in negation .
It is well-known that the associated analytic space of an affine variety defined over $ \mathbb { C } $ is Stein but the converse is not true , that is , an algebraic Stein variety is not necessarily affine .	In this paper , we give sufficient and necessary conditions for an algebraic Stein variety to be affine .
We assume that a 20 earth masses core has migrated to the edge of the inner cavity formed by the binary where it remains trapped by corotation torques .	This core is then allowed to accrete gas from the disc , and we study its orbital evolution as it grows in mass .
Crucial to their work was Odlyzko 's bound on the discriminant of an algebraic number field , as this provides an upper bound for the normalized coding gain of number field codes .	In the MIMO context natural codes are constructed from division algebras defined over number fields and the coding gain is measured by the discriminant of the corresponding ( non-commutative ) algebra .
The contrasts in environmental density required to explain the asymmetries in the line brightness and the radio arm-length asymmetries are in fair agreement with each other .	These results add further weight to the conclusion of McCarthy , van Breugel & amp ; Kapahi ( 1991 ) - lobe distance asymmetries in powerful radio sources are the result of an asymmetry in the environmental density .
The critical dimension turns out to be 2 , just as in the usual translation invariant models .	We study the phase structure , critical phenomena and spontaneous symmetry breaking .
The TLS are driven by an alternating electric field of angular frequency $ \Omega $ and electric field intensity $ I $ .	It is not widely appreciated that TLS in small qubits can easily be strongly saturated if $ I\gg I_c $ , where $ I_c $ is the critical electric field intensity .
This monitoring information is produced by several subsystems and consists of status and performance data that needs to be federated , distributed , and stored in a timely and easy to use manner .	Our approach differs from existing approaches because it federates and distributes information at a low architectural level via messaging ; a natural match to many of the producers and consumers of information .
( 2006 ) located within the SCUBA Legacy Catalogue .	After applying a uniform noise cut to the Catalogue data we identify 154 Infrared Dark Cloud cores that were detected at 850um and 51 cores that were not .
Karzanov proved the polynomial solvability of 0-Ext [ G ] for a certain large class of modular graphs G , and raised the question : What are the graphs G for which 0-Ext [ G ] can be solved in polynomial time ?	He also proved that 0-Ext [ G ] is NP-hard if G is not modular or not orientable ( in a certain sense ) .
We confirm a 35-sec period on day 54.0 and found that it originates from the SSS emission and not from the shock .	We discus the bound-free absorption by neutral elements in the line of sight , resonance absorption lines plus self-absorbed emission line components , collisionally excited emission lines from the shock , He-like intersystem lines , and spectral changes during an episode of high-amplitude variability .
We show that using an inhomogeneous `` Swiss-cheese '' model to interpret the Hubble diagram allows to reconcile it with the Planck results .	Such an approach does not require us to invoke new physics nor to violate the Copernican principle .
The aim of this work is to demonstrate that costly photo-multipliers could be replaced by cheap novel photosensitive gaseous detectors : wire counters , GEMs or glass capillary tubes coupled with CsI photocathodes .	We have performed systematic measurements with Ar , Kr and Xe gas at pressures in the range of 1-50 atm as well as some preliminary measurements with liquid Xe and liquid Ar .
Radiative transfer calculations are employed to investigate the kinematics of the source .	[ Results ] At ~0.5 '' ( 500 AU ) resolution , the line images clearly resolve the velocity field of the central compact source ( diameter of ~ 800 AU ) and show linear velocity gradients in the northeast-southwest direction .
In the presence of interactions , Lifshitz transitions may become discontinuous in contrast to the continuous transition in the original proposal by Lifshitz for noninteracting systems .	We focus on the quantum criticality at the endpoint of discontinuous Lifshitz transitions , which we call the marginal quantum critical point .
Using the finite-size effects the scaling dimensions and correlation functions of the main operators in continuous and lattice models of 1d spinless Bose-gas with pairwise interaction of rather general form are obtained .	The long-wave properties of these systems can be described by the Gaussian model with central charge $ c=1 $ .
We find a criterion when the velocity centroids may provide trustworthy velocity statistics .	To enhance the scope of centroids applications , we construct a measure that we term `` modified velocity centroids '' ( MVCs ) and derive an analytical solution that relates the 2D spectra of the modified centroids with the underlying 3D velocity spectrum .
By using the characteristic method , we successfully obtain a class of drifting solutions with elliptic symmetry for the Navier-Stokes model wherein the velocity components are governed by a generalized Emden dynamical system .	In particular , when the viscosity variables are taken the same as Yuen in [ Yuen M.W .
Simultaneously , the initial pair correlations are broken and coherence over different sites is lost .	In contrast , in the fast regime , the densities are not considerably deformed and the pair correlations are preserved .
We study small disturbances to the periodic , plane Couette flow in the 3D incompressible Navier-Stokes equations at high Reynolds number $ \textbf { Re } $ .	We prove that for sufficiently regular initial data of size $ \epsilon \leq c_0\textbf { Re } ^ { -1 } $ for some universal $ c_0 & gt ; 0 $ , the solution is global , remains within $ O ( c_0 ) $ of the Couette flow in $ L^2 $ , and returns to the Couette flow as $ t \rightarrow \infty $ .
This paper studies the interaction between knowledge , time and coordination in systems in which timing information is available .	Necessary conditions are given for the causal structure in coordination problems consisting of orchestrating a set of actions in a manner that satisfies a variety of temporal ordering assumptions .
Through the Banks-Casher formula , instantons by themselves are shown to break chiral symmetry but hadron correlators on the instanton backgrounds are strongly influenced by free quark propagation .	This results in unnaturally light hadrons and a small splitting between the vector and the pseudoscalar meson channels .
Some researchers came up with hybrid mechanisms by combining two or more methods .	In an effort to construct an intelligent computer system , a primary consideration is to represent large amounts of knowledge in a way that allows effective use and efficiently organizing information to facilitate making the recommended inferences .
We study several questions in the reliable agnostic learning framework of Kalai et al .	( 2009 ) , which captures learning tasks in which one type of error is costlier than others .
They are concerned with the attainability problem with constraints .	The exposition is oriented to the linear control problems with the impulse constraints and the possible discontinuity in the coefficients under control actions .
( random ) +/- 0.5 deg .	( systematic ) using QUaD 's 100 and 150 GHz TB and EB spectra over the multipole range 200 & lt ; l & lt ; 2000 , consistent with null , and constrain Lorentz violating interactions to & lt ; 2^-43 GeV ( 68 % confidence limit ) .
The Bonnor-Ebert spheres fit the data well for all three cores we have modeled .	The dust temperatures decline to very low values ( $ \Td \sim 7 $ K ) in the centers of these cores , strongly affecting the dust emission .
Such scenarios can be difficult to describe using perturbative field theory methods but may fall into the class of holographic gauge mediation scenarios , meaning that they are amenable to the techniques of gauge/gravity duality .	We use a recently found gravity solution to examine one such case where the hidden sector is a cascading gauge theory resulting in a confinement scale not much smaller than the messenger mass .
Plasma treatment increases the surface energy of condensed phases : solids and liquids .	Two independent methods of the quantification of the influence imposed by a cold radiofrequency air plasma treatment on the surface properties of silicone oils ( polydimethylsiloxane ) of various molecular masses and castor oil are introduced .
The quadratic objective function is the deviation of the decision variables from their measured values .	The solution to the QP gives estimates of all unmeasured variables and thus yields a fully specified simulation model .
Using an activation method with reactor neutrons , we obtain the ratio of $ R_ { th } $ = 0.54 $ \pm $ 0.11 % .	From this ratio we estimate the ratio of Maxwellian averaged cross sections in a typical s-process environment at $ kT $ = 30 keV with a help of the temperature dependence given in a statistical-model calculation because the energy dependence of the isomer/ground ratio is smaller than the absolute neutron capture cross-section .
We propose a multi-stage classifier that involves fuzzy rule extraction from the training data and then generation of a possibilistic label vector for each pixel using the fuzzy rule base .	To exploit the spatial correlation of land cover types we propose four different information aggregation methods which use the possibilistic class label of a pixel and those of its eight spatial neighbors for making the final classification decision .
We numerically construct black droplets corresponding to a CFT on a Schwarzchild background with finite asymptotic temperature .	We find two branches of such droplet solutions which meet at a turning point .
A delta-shaped scattering potential is assumed as the major source of disorder .	We employ the exact solution of the Lippmann-Schwinger equation to derive an analytical Boltzmann conductivity formula valid for an arbitrary scattering potential strength .
My lecture described various initial attempts in this direction .	In particular , I discussed two approaches to geometric multiscale analysis originally arising in the work of Harmonic Analysts Hart Smith and Peter Jones ( and others ) : ( a ) a directional wavelet transform based on parabolic dilations ; and ( b ) analysis via anistropic strips .
The numerical analysis of variational integrators relies on variational error analysis , which relates the order of accuracy of a variational integrator with the order of approximation of the exact discrete Lagrangian by a computable discrete Lagrangian .	The exact discrete Lagrangian can either be characterized variationally , or in terms of Jacobi 's solution of the Hamilton-Jacobi equation .
First we introduce photon PDFs in general and then discuss in more detail one particular set we have used in our studies .	Then we will discuss how the parton-shower algorithm in Pythia 8 is modified in case of photon beams and how the beam remnants are constructed .
With minimal interpretation , this implies that the temperature-density relation in the IGM is not `` inverted '' , contrary to many recent studies .	Fitting bmin as a function of NHI results in line width - column density dependence of the form bdmin = b_0 [ NHI/N_ ( HI,0 ) ] ^ ( Gamma-1 ) with a minimum line width at mean density rhobar [ N_ ( HI , 0 ) = 10^13.6 cm^-2 ] of b_0 = 17.9 +- 0.2 km/s and a power-law index of ( Gamma-1 ) = 0.15 +- 0.02 .
The source luminosity varied by a factor of up to 14 , reaching a maximum 0.3-10 keV luminosity of ~3.0E40 erg/s .	The spectral properties do not vary much over these 4 months , with only a slight monotonic increase of the hardness ratio with the count rate .
The so called soldering procedure provides the missing interference Lagrangian in both 2D and 3D cases .	In two dimensions such interference term allows to fuse two chiral fermionic determinants into a nonchiral one .
When the bow shocks intersect at or above a certain critical angle , a planar shock called a Mach stem is formed .	These shocks could produce brighter H $ \alpha $ emission since the incoming flow to the Mach stem is parallel to the shock normal .
New results on the convexity of geodesic-length functions on Teichm\ '' { u } ller space are presented .	A formula for the Hessian of geodesic-length is presented .
We measure structural parameters for each galaxy by fitting a PSF-convolved , two component model to their surface brightness profiles .	To compare directly the samples , we fade , smooth , and rebin each galaxy image so that we effectively observe each galaxy at the same redshift ( 9000 km/s ) and physical resolution ( 0.87h^ ( -1 ) kpc ) .
From the bending of the track in the magnetic field it can also distinguish its charge .	We have analyzed the atmospheric neutrino oscillation generating events by Nuance and then considering the muons produced in the charge current interactions as the reconstructed neutrinos .
At short distances the resulting propagator for the gauge field is { \it identical } to the four-dimensional propagator .	The gauge theory on the brane is effectively four-dimensional at short distances ; it becomes higher-dimensional on very large ( cosmic ) scales .
The purpose of the pixel telescope is to measure beam profiles produced by bent crystals under various conditions .	The telescope electronics inside the beam pipe initially were not adequately shielded from the image current of the passing beams .
In preparation for data taking , the detector 's Readout Chips and their supporting readout and control electronics were calibrated .	The calibration that has taken place since the detector 's installation in the summer of 2008 will be described .
The resulting bulk is an interior and exterior metric for a thick string .	This is a physical and feasible scenario since the source satisfies the dominant energy condition .
The renormalization group can be identified canonically with a one parameter subgroup .	The group is obtained through a Riemann-Hilbert correspondence .
The stellar mass distribution of galaxies shifts by nearly a factor of two towards higher masses between low and high density regions .	At fixed stellar mass , both star formation and nuclear activity depend strongly on local density , while structural parameters such as size and concentration are almost independent of it .
In the absence of transverse fluctuations , the system reduces to recently studied models of interface depinning .	In most cases , the presence of transverse fluctuations are found not to influence the critical exponents that describe longitudinal correlations .
The present estimate is obtained by an asymptotic analysis .	The estimate shows that this Green function is positive near the singularity and that a possible negative part is small in the sense that it is bounded by the product of the squared distances to the boundary .
Finding the shortest multilevel description of the random walker therefore gives us the best hierarchical clustering of the network , the optimal number of levels and modular partition at each level , with respect to the dynamics on the network .	With a novel search algorithm , we extract and illustrate the rich multilevel organization of several large social and biological networks .
The data were corrected for stray radiation at the Institute for Radioastronomy of the University of Bonn , refining the original correction applied to the LDS .	The rms brightness-temperature noise of the merged database is 0.07 - 0.09 K. Residual errors in the profile wings due to defects in the correction for stray radiation are for most of the data below a level of 20 - 40 mK .
We consider asymptotics of the ground state energy of heavy atoms and molecules in the self-generatedl magnetic field .	Namely , we consider $ $ H= ( ( D-A ) \cdot\boldsymbol { \sigma } ) ^2-V $ $ with $ $ V=\sum_ { 1\le m\le M } \frac { Z_m } { |x-y_m| } $ $ and a corresponding Multiparticle Quantum Hamiltonian $ $ \mathsf { H } =\sum_ { 1\le n\le N } H_ { x_n } +\sum_ { 1\le n & lt ; n'\le N } |x_n-x_n'|^ { -1 } $ $ on the Fock space $ \wedge _ { 1\le n\le N } L^2 ( \mathbb { R } ^3 , \mathbb { C } ^2 ) $ .
This paper presents a series of results on the interplay between quantum estimation , cloning and finite de Finetti theorems .	First , we consider the measure-and-prepare channel that uses optimal estimation to convert M copies into k approximate copies of an unknown pure state and we show that this channel is equal to a random loss of all but s particles followed by cloning from s to k copies .
The usual reductionist approach to this problem was to search for a simpler infrastructure , culminating in the formulation of the quark model and quantum chromodynamics .	In a complementary , completely novel approach , Hagedorn suggested that the mass distribution of the produced particles follows a self-similar composition pattern , predicting an unbounded number of states of increasing mass .
The construction of light-sheets , which associate relevant spacetime regions to any given surface , is discussed in detail .	We explain how the bound is tested and demonstrate its validity in a wide range of examples .
For each model canonical variables which can be used to identify points of space and instants of time , { \it i.e . } , internally defined spacetime coordinates , are identified .	To do this it is necessary to extend the usual ADM phase space by a finite number of degrees of freedom .
We find that the models can be forced into agreement with any individual system by assuming an age , but that age is not consistent across the mass range of our sample .	The G-type binary systems in our sample have model ages of ~11.5 Myr , which is consistent with the latest age estimates for Upper Scorpius , while the M-type binary systems have significantly younger model ages of ~7 Myr .
We show that randomness in the particle positioning influences equally on the scattering loss from both electric and magnetic dipoles , however , the observed resonance broadening can be very different depending on the absorption level in different modes as well as on the average electrical distance between the particles .	The theory is illustrated by an example of a planar metasurface composed of cut-wire pairs .
In this paper we present new high sensitivity 153 MHz Giant Meterwave Radio Telescope follow-up observations of the diffuse steep spectrum cluster radio sources in the galaxy clusters Abell 521 , Abell 697 , Abell 1682 .	Abell 521 hosts a relic , and together with Abell 697 it also hosts a giant very steep spectrum radio halo .
However , these semantics are different from each other and no consensus is reached about which semantics is the most intended .	In this paper we look at disjunctive well-founded reasoning from different angles .
It is exactly solvable due to a dynamical symmetry corresponding to the Lie algebra $ \gl_\infty\oplus \gl_\infty $ .	There is an algorithm to construct all energy eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of this model .
Power is empirically estimated by simulating phenotypes under a disease model H1 .	For this purpose , the `` gold '' standard consists in simulating genotypes given the phenotypes ( e.g.Hapgen ) .
We extract the individual names of persons mentioned in news reports from a Philippine-based daily in the English language from 2010-2012 .	Names are extracted using a learning algorithm that filters adjacent capitalized words and runs it through a database of non-names grown through training .
Then $ L $ is one of the explicit family of examples found by Joyce , Lee and Tsui , arXiv:0801.3721 .	If instead $ L $ is immersed rather than embedded , the only extra possibility in ( a ) , ( b ) is $ L=\Pi_1\cup\Pi_2 $ .
Both direct and resolved photon contribution are taken into account .	The conservative error analisys is performed .
This fact is challenging for modified theories of gravity that predict a one-to-one relation between gravity at any radius and the enclosed baryonic mass in galaxies .	In particular , MOdified Newtonian Dynamics ( MOND ) predicts an asymptotic flat velocity of 60 km/s in HoII .
and ( b ) detailed fitting of UBRJHK photometry and optical spectrophotometry using two different population synthesis models ( Bruzual-Charlot , Maraston ) , with the same initial mass function in all cases .	We also compare stellar+gas masses with dynamical masses .
An extensive experimental survey of the features of the disassembly of a small quasi-projectile system with $ A \sim $ 36 , produced in the reactions of 47 MeV/nucleon $ ^ { 40 } $ Ar + $ ^ { 27 } $ Al , $ ^ { 48 } $ Ti and $ ^ { 58 } $ Ni , has been carried out .	Nuclei in the excitation energy range of 1-9 MeV/u have been investigated employing a new method to reconstruct the quasi-projectile source .
If there is such a CSD map , the network M is shown to arise naturally as a quotient structure from N. It is proved that if there is a CSD map from N to M , then there is in a way to lift an undirected version of M into N , possibly with added resolution .	A CSD map from N to M puts strong constraints on N ; if the map were not connected , there would be minimal constraints .
By using 2D numerical simulations of a bilamellar vesicle ( BLV ) consisting of two vesicles as a cell model , we find that increasing the size of the inner vesicle ( mimicking the nucleus ) triggers a tank-treading-to-tumbling transition .	A new dynamical state is observed , the undulating motion : the BLV inclination with respect to the imposed flow oscillates while the outer vesicle develops rotating lobes .
Uniquely , each W2-WSM pocket forms a large dumbbell-shaped Fermi surface ( FS ) enclosing two neighboring Weyl nodes with the opposite chirality .	The magneto-transport in NbP is dominated by these highly anisotropic W2-WSM pockets , in which Weyl fermions are well protected from defect backscattering by real spin conservation associated to the chiral nodes .
Number Theory 9 ( 1977 ) , 107 -- 111 ] .	We solve it for sets of size having at most two prime factors .
We compute the decay constants of P-wave heavy-light mesons from unquenched lattice QCD , with two degenerate flavours of sea quarks , at a single lattice spacing .	The lightest sea quark mass used in the calculation is a third of the strange quark mass .
The RV B star UY Ara shows the abundance anomalies seen in other RV B stars , namely elements that condense into grains at high temperature are underabundant but elements of low condensation temperature are much less underabundant .	This pattern is ascribed to a separation of dust from gas with accretion of gas but not dust by the atmosphere .
We aim to examine the role of the interstellar magnetic field in shaping the extended morphologies of slow dusty winds of Asymptotic Giant-branch ( AGB ) stars in an effort to pin-point the origin of so-called eye shaped CSE of three carbon-rich AGB stars .	In addition , we seek to understand if this pre-planetary nebula ( PN ) shaping can be responsible for asymmetries observed in PNe .
Both the principal-axis directions and g-factor magnitudes vary between different energy levels within one nanoparticle .	The variations agree quantitatively with random-matrix theory predictions which incorporate spin-orbit coupling .
In present article , we use these sequential presentations to find the complete classification theorem of prime knots whose flat plumbing basket number $ 6 $ or less .	As applications , this result improves the work of Hirose and Nakashima which finds the flat plumbing basket number of prime knots up to 9 crossings .
Solutes added to solutions often dramatically impact molecular processes ranging from the suspension or precipitation of colloids to biomolecular associations and protein folding .	Here we revisit the origins of the effective attractive interactions that emerge between and within macromolecules immersed in solutions containing cosolutes that are preferentially excluded from the macromolecular interfaces .
We provide outstanding numerical evidence that in large-N massless QCD the joint spectrum of the masses squared , for fixed integer spin s and unspecified parity and charge conjugation , obeys exactly the following laws : m_k^2 = ( k+s/2 ) Lambda_QCD^2 for s even , m_k^2 = 2 ( k+s/2 ) Lambda_QCD^2 for s odd , k = 1,2 , ... for glueballs , and m_n^2 = 1/2 ( n+s/2 ) Lambda_QCD^2 , n = 0,1 , ... for mesons .	One of the striking features of these laws is that they imply that the glueball and meson masses squared form exactly-linear Regge trajectories in the large-N limit of massless QCD , all the way down to the low-lying states : A fact unsuspected so far .
Boson-boson scattering and Higgs production in boson-boson fusion hold the key to electroweak symmetry breaking .	In order to analyze these essential features of the Standard Model we have performed a partonic level study of all processes $ q_1 q_2 \to q_3 q_4 q_5 q_6 l \nu $ at the LHC using the exact matrix elements at $ \O ( \alpha_ { em } ^6 ) $ provided by \Phase , a new MC generator .
At temperatures above Ts , little magnetoresistance is observed and the Hall resistivity follows linear field dependence .	Upon cooling down the system below Ts , large magnetoresistance develops and the Hall resistivity deviates from the linear field dependence .
By analogy to the standard WIMP paradigm , the dark matter ( DM ) freezes out through twin electroweak interactions , and annihilates into a dark shower of light twin hadrons .	These are either stable or decay predominantly to standard model ( SM ) photons .
In this paper , we consider doubly warped product ( DWP ) Finsler manifolds with some non-Riemannian curvature properties .	First , we study Berwald and isotropic mean Berwald DWP-Finsler manifolds .
Recently several model selection approaches for GWAS have been suggested , most of them based on LASSO-type procedures .	Here we will discuss an alternative model selection approach which is based on a modification of the Bayesian Information Criterion ( mBIC2 ) which was previously shown to have certain asymptotic optimality properties in terms of minimizing the misclassification error .
The magnitude and shape of the precursor could be reproduced with a plasticity model based on dislocation dynamics .	Changes in lattice spacing measured from the x-ray diffraction pattern gave a direct measurement of uniaxial compression in the elastic wave , triaxial flow from the decay of the precursor , and triaxial compression in the plastic shock ; these were consistent with the velocity data .
We consider $ ( M , d ) $ a connected and compact manifold and we denote by $ \mathcal { B } _i $ the Bernoulli space $ M^ { \Z } $ of sequences represented by $ $ x= ( ... x_ { -3 } , x_ { -2 } , x_ { -1 } , x_0 , x_1 , x_2 , x_3 , ... ) , $ $ where $ x_i $ belongs to the space ( alphabet ) $ M $ .	The case where $ M=\mathbb { S } ^1 $ , the unit circle , is of particular interest here .
Fluids , 17 ) but in contradiction with the recent investigation of Chu ( 2004 ) ( C.R .	Mecanique , 332 ) , we show that slip increases significantly the value of the critical Reynolds number for linear instability .
Energy deposition by neutrinos can rejuvenate the stalled bounce shock and can provide the energy for the supernova explosion of a massive star .	This neutrino-heating mechanism , however , is not finally accepted or proven as the trigger of the explosion .
As one of the recently proposed algorithms for sparse system identification , $ l_0 $ norm constraint Least Mean Square ( $ l_0 $ -LMS ) algorithm modifies the cost function of the traditional method with a penalty of tap-weight sparsity .	The performance of $ l_0 $ -LMS is quite attractive compared with its various precursors .
It is found that the spin-orbit scattering rate decreases with disorder .	In our opinion , such unusual behavior can take place for thin films at decreasing the electron mean free path provided , that the surface electron scattering contributes significantly to the total spin-orbit scattering .
The half lives of proton radioactivity of proton emitters are investigated theoretically .	Proton-nucleus interaction potentials are obtained by folding the densities of the daughter nuclei with a finite range effective nucleon-nucleon interaction having Yukawa form .
We employ three-dimensional Metropolis Monte Carlo simulations to measure relevant physical observables including the force-velocity / current-voltage ( I-V ) characteristics , vortex spatial arrangement and structure factor , and mean flux line radius of gyration .	Our simulation results compare well to earlier findings and physical intuition .
We design the precoding matrix for multi-user communications based on the Generalized Multi-Unitary Decomposition ( GMUD ) , where the channel matrix H is transformed into P_i*R_r*Q_i^H .	An advantage of GMUD is that multiple pairs of unitary matrices P_i and Q_i can be obtained with one single R_r .
The new definition arises naturally from the inner product structures of Riemannian manifolds .	The basic properties of the mappings satisfying the new definition and a natural convergence theorem for these mappings are given .
We find that when halos are centrally-concentrated most trajectories starting near the plane containing the bar become chaotic .	Moreover , the shape of many of the remaining regular trajectories do not match the bar density distribution , being too round .
Any deviation from its predicted value could hint at new physics .	For this investigation the associated production of a Higgs boson and a single top quark ( tHq ) is a promising channel .
A new approach also searches in approximately 5000 mass variables looking for `bumps ' that may indicate resonant production of new particles .	The results of this global search for new physics in 2/fb are presented .
Numerical results as well as an approximate analytic solution for the evolution are presented .	Due to adoption of a new relation among $ t $ , $ R $ and $ \gamma $ ( see the text ) , our results differ markedly from the previous studies .
We find that , in the limit of asymptotically many uses of each channel , the distillable work is an additive function of the considered channels , computable for both finite dimensional quantum operations and bosonic channels .	We apply our results to bound the amount of distillable work due to the natural non-thermal processes postulated in the Ghirardi-Rimini-Weber ( GRW ) collapse model .
We investigate the integrable structures in an N=2 superconfomal Sp ( N ) Yang-Mills theory with matter , which is dual to an open+closed string system .	We restrict ourselves to the BMN operators that correspond to free string states .
It is well-known that there are exactly $ p $ inequivalent indecomposable representations $ V_1 , V_2 , ... , V_p $ of $ C_p $ defined over $ F $ .	Thus if $ V $ is any finite dimensional $ C_p $ -representation there are non-negative integers $ 0\leq n_1 , n_2 , ... , n_k \leq p-1 $ such that $ V \cong \oplus_ { i=1 } ^k V_ { n_i+1 } $ .
This is the first time that compositional and velocity structure in the ultraviolet emission lines from N132D has been resolved , and we use this to assess the chemical composition of the remnant .	No nitrogen is detected in N132D and multiple carbon species are found at velocities inconsistent with the main oxygen component .
Besides the diffusive universality class with dynamical exponent $ z=2 $ another prominent example is the superdiffusive Kardar-Parisi-Zhang ( KPZ ) class with $ z=3/2 $ .	It appears e.g.in low-dimensional dynamical phenomena far from thermal equilibrium which exhibit some conservation law .
Estimation of the error in these quantities by means of a weighted dual residual method is discussed , which leads to an algorithm for adaptive mesh refinement .	Numerical experiments with an implementation of this algorithm show the numerical efficiency of this approach , which especially for strongly nonlinear PDEs outperforms the nonlinear Tikhonov regularization considered in [ 21 ] .
Two additional features are also detected around 84 and 103 Hz in two other bursts at 4.2 { \sigma } and 4.8 { \sigma } confidence level , respectively , which lie within 8.85 % and 11.83 % respectively from the QPO at 92.5 Hz also detected in the giant flare .	Accounting for the number of bursts analyzed the confidence levels for the 84 , 103 and 648 Hz becomes 3 { \sigma } , 3.6 { \sigma } and 3.4 { \sigma } respectively .
In the special case , originally considered by Lax and Phillips ( where the outgoing and incoming subspaces are mutually orthogonal ) , this semigroup coincides with that introduced by Lax and Phillips .	In the more general case the existence of the semigroup is not coupled with the ( global ) holomorphic continuability of the scattering matrix into the upper half plane .
When working with primitive lattice vectors , the order of this eigenvalue problem can grow large for arbitrary $ \vec { n } $ .	It is however possible to always choose a set of non-primitive lattice vectors such that the eigenvalue problem is restricted to be quadratic .
On a threefold with trivial canonical bundle , Kuranishi theory gives an algebro-geometry construction of the ( local analytic ) Hilbert scheme of curves at a smooth holomorphic curve as a gradient scheme , that is , the zero-scheme of the exterior derivative of a holomorphic function on a ( finite-dimensional ) polydisk .	( The corresponding fact in an infinite dimensional setting was long ago discovered by physicists . )
We study user behavior in the courses offered by a major Massive Online Open Course ( MOOC ) provider during the summer of 2013 .	Since social learning is a key element of scalable education in MOOCs and is done via online discussion forums , our main focus is in understanding forum activities .
In fact , we also construct bases of the targets of these restrictions by picking up certain subsets of certain bases of $ H^\bullet_T ( \Sigma , k ) $ and restricting them to $ \pi^ { -1 } ( x ) $ or $ \Sigma\setminus\pi^ { -1 } ( x ) $ respectively .	As an application , we calculate the cohomology of the costalk-to-stalk embedding for the direct image $ \pi_* { \underline k } _\Sigma $ .
We present Monte Carlo simulation data obtained for the annealed surface GaN ( 0001 ) and compare them with the experimental data .	High temperature particle evaporation is a part of substrate preparation processes before epitaxy .
The theoretical results are used to develop models of binary or multiple system formation from RPPs , and explain the observation that a greater fraction of binaries originated farther from the Sun .	At the stage of RPPs , small-body satellites can form in two ways : a merger between RPPs can have two centers of contraction , or the formation of satellites from a disc around the primary or the secondary .
We discover 37 i'-dropouts clustered in a projected comoving 21.6 x 21.6 Mpc^2 region at z = 6 , showing a local density excess .	Carrying out follow-up spectroscopy , we identify four of them as Lyman-alpha emitters at z = 5.92 , 6.01 , 6.03 and 6.03 ( spread over a distance of 46.6 Mpc ) .
Cosmic rays impacting on the atmosphere cause particle-showers .	Several descriptions exist for the evolution of the shower size along the atmospheric depth .
Differential equations are found for the beta function and the eta function .	New relationships between the linear orbit parameters are found .
The Y ( 4260 ) should also be seen in B non-leptonic decays in association with one kaon .	We consider the full nonet of related four-quark states and their predicted properties .
It is shown that L_ ( ep ) =10^ ( 32 ) cm^ ( -2 ) s^ ( -1 ) at sqrt ( s_ ( ep ) ) =5.29 TeV can be achieved within moderate upgrade of LHC parameters .	Then , Gamma-p collider with he same luminosity and sqrt ( s ) =4.82 TeV can be realized using Compton backscattering of laser beam off the electron beam .
For many years he has been the strongest defender of an expanding Universe .	He later explained the CMB dipole by a local velocity of 220 +/- 50 km/s toward the Virgo cluster and by a bulk motion of the Local supercluster ( extending out to ~3500 km/s ) of 450-500 km/s toward an apex at l=275 , b=12 .
Typical Jahn-Teller systems are anisotropic and require at least a two-frequency description .	The proposed simulator consists of two superconducting lumped-element resonators interacting with a common flux qubit in the ultrastrong coupling regime .
Motivated by certain identities of Nieto , and Bateman and Bradley involving sums of the form $ \sum_ { i=0 } ^ { 2^ { n } -1 } ( -1 ) ^ { s_ { 2 } ( i ) } ( x+i ) ^ { m } $ for $ m=n $ and $ m=n+1 $ , we consider the sequence of polynomials \begin { equation* } f_ { m , n } ^ { \mathbf u } ( x ) =\sum_ { i=0 } ^ { k^ { n } -1 } \zeta_ { k } ^ { s_ { k } ( i ) } ( x+ { \mathbf u } ( i ) ) ^ { m } .	\end { equation* } defined for sequences $ { \bf u } ( i ) $ satisfying a certain recurrence relation .
We study the dissipation mechanism of a stochastic particle system for the Burgers equation .	The velocity field of the viscous Burgers and Navier-Stokes equations can be expressed as an expected value of a stochastic process based on noisy particle trajectories [ Constantin and Iyer Comm.Pure Appl.Math .
We focus on a finite Sp ( N ) N=2 theory arising as dual of a configuration of N D3-branes in the vicinity of four D7-branes and an orientifold 7-plane in type I ' string theory .	The field theory contains hypermultiplets in the second rank anti-symmetric and in the fundamental representations .
We investigate positron annihilation in electron liquid as a case study for many-body theory , in particular the optimized Fermi Hypernetted Chain ( FHNC-EL ) method .	We examine several approximation schemes and show that one has to go up to the most sophisticated implementation of the theory available at the moment in order to get annihilation rates that agree reasonably well with experimental data .
Aristotelians grant it to the physical world .	The significance one attaches to the phenomenon of decoherence depends on the school to which one belongs .
Positive semidefinite rank ( PSD-rank ) is a relatively new quantity with applications to combinatorial optimization and communication complexity .	We first study several basic properties of PSD-rank , and then develop new techniques for showing lower bounds on the PSD-rank .
In particular , we use a surface gate to cause charge migration between Si acceptor sites at T = 40 mK , and detect the ensuing changes in the disorder potential using the MCF .	We show that Si acceptors are metastable at T = 40 mK and that raising the device to a temperature T = 4.2 K and returning to T = 40 mK is sufficient to produce complete decorrelation of the MCF .
Large-scale seismic vulnerability assessment methods use simplified formulas and curves , often without providing uncertainties .	They are seldom compared to experimental data .
As indicated by the observed X-ray flares , a great amount of energy could be intermediately released from the postburst central engine of gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) .	As a natural consequence , the GRB external shock could be energized over and over .
Dynamics of coded information over Bloch channels is investigated for different values of the channel 's parameters .	We show that , the suppressing of the travelling coded information over Bloch channel can be increased by decreasing the equilibrium absolute value of information carrier and consequently decreasing the distilled information by eavesdropper .
In usual superconductivity ( SC ) , the pairs have zero total momentum irrespective of their symmetry .	Staggered SC would involve , instead , pairs with a finite commensurate total momentum , but such exotic states have never been proven to be realized in nature .
A central task is evaluation of a new policy given historic data consisting of contexts , actions and received rewards .	The key challenge is that the past data typically does not faithfully represent proportions of actions taken by a new policy .
A shape transition appears at about A=292 from prolate to a oblate shape structures of Z=117 nucleus in our mean field approach .	The most stable isotope ( largest binding energy per nucleon ) is found to be the $ ^ { 288 } $ 117 nucleus .
We consider the thermodynamics of a uniformly charged polyelectrolyte with harmonic bonds .	For such a system there is at high temperatures an approximate scaling of global properties like the end-to-end distance and the interaction energy with the chain-length divided by the temperature .
It is based on the concept of fitness cloud and works by partitioning the cloud into a number of bins representing as many different regions of the fitness landscape .	The measure is calculated by joining the bins centroids by segments and summing all their negative slopes .
Below the Fermi energy , nonlocality is essential to allow for an accurate representation of particle number and the nuclear charge density .	Spectral properties implied by $ ( e , e'p ) $ and $ ( p,2p ) $ reactions are correctly incorporated , including the energy distribution of about 10 % high-momentum nucleons , as experimentally determined by data from Jefferson Lab .
We discuss the Markov hypothesis by analyzing the statistical properties of the jumps and of the waiting times between jumps .	In the limit of a vanishing integration time-step , the distribution of waiting times becomes closer to an exponential and , therefore , the continuous-time jump stochastic process is Markovian .
In specific environment such as mobile networks , characterized by high variability and dynamicity of network conditions and performances , where nodes can join and leave the network dynamically , resources reliability and availability constitute a critical issue .	The resource discovery problem arises in the context of peer to peer ( P2P ) networks , where at any point of time a peer may be placed at or removed from any location over a general purpose network .
We also allow for different parameterizations for the conditional distribution of the response variables given the latent traits - such as those adopted in the Graded Response model , in the Partial Credit model , and in the Rating Scale model - depending on both the type of link function and the constraints imposed on the item parameters .	For the proposed models we outline how to perform maximum likelihood estimation via the Expectation-Maximization algorithm .
We also prove that $ M $ splits topologically if $ ( M , g ) $ is strongly causal and $ \rho $ is the flow of a complete conformal Killing causal vector field .	In the second part , we investigate the class of Brinkmann spacetimes , which can be regarded as null analogues of stationary spacetimes in which $ \rho $ is the flow of a complete parallel null vector field .
Before being defined , the physicists Mari\~no and Moore had already suggested that there should be a generalisation of Witten 's conjecture to this type of invariants .	We adopt a generalisation of the cobordism program to the higher rank situation by studying $ PU ( N ) $ monopoles .
We aim at understanding the physical mechanisms that shapes the dust arc observed near the runaway O star AEAur ( HD34078 ) .	We obtained and analyzed a high spatial resolution map of the CO ( 1-0 ) emission that is centered on HD34078 , and that combines data from both the IRAM interferometer and 30m single-dish antenna .
Linear exact modeling is a problem coming from system identification : Given a set of observed trajectories , the goal is find a model ( usually , a system of partial differential and/or difference equations ) that explains the data as precisely as possible .	The case of operators with constant coefficients is well studied and known in the systems theoretic literature , whereas the operators with varying coefficients were addressed only recently .
We limited the analysis to the MUSIC area , for which deep K-band observations obtained with ISAAC @ VLT are available , ensuring accurate identifications of the counterparts of the X-ray sources as well as reliable determination of photometric redshifts and galaxy parameters , such as stellar masses and star formation rates .	In particular , we : 1 ) refined the X-ray/infrared/optical association of 179 sources in the MUSIC area detected in the Chandra observation ; 2 ) studied the host galaxies observed and rest frame colors and properties .
We report the discovery of the faint ( V=21.7 ) quasar QSO03027-0010 at z=2.808 in the vicinity of Q0302-003 , one of the few quasars observed with STIS to study intergalactic HeII absorption .	Together with another newly discovered QSO at z=2.29 , there are now 6 QSOs known near the line of sight towards Q0302-003 , of which 4 are located within the redshift region 2.76 & lt ; =z & lt ; =3.28 covered by the STIS spectrum .
We find a statistically significant correlation of the inferred field directions with the orientation of the Galactic plane .	Specifically , three of the four GMCs ( NGC 6334 is the exception ) have mean field directions that are within 15 degrees of the plane .
A classical theorem of Gromov says that $ M $ is homeomorphic to the interior of a compact manifold $ \M $ with boundary $ \partial\barM $ .	We show that for each $ \pi_1 $ -injective boundary component $ C $ of $ \M $ , the map $ i_* $ induced by inclusion $ i\colon C\rightarrow \M $ has infinite index image $ i_* ( \pi_1 C ) $ in $ \pi_1 \M $ .
The velocity dispersion of galaxies on small scales ( $ r\sim1h^ { -1 } $ Mpc ) , $ \sigma_ { 12 } ( r ) $ , can be estimated from the anisotropy of the galaxy-galaxy correlation function in redshift space .	We apply this technique to `` mock-catalogs '' extracted from N-body simulations of several different variants of Cold Dark Matter dominated cosmological models to obtain results which may be consistently compared to similar results from observations .
crystal with triangular surface in contact with its melt , given that a uniaxial external stress is applied .	The effect of the resulting change in chemical potential is introduced into the standard model for directional solidification of a lamellar eutectic .
We investigate the modal properties of inertial modes of rotating neutron stars with the core filled with neutron and proton superfluids , taking account of entrainment effects between the superfluids .	In this paper , the entrainment effects are modeled by introducing a parameter $ \eta $ so that no entrainment state is realized at $ \eta=0 $ .
Starting from the Dirac Lagrangian density , we derive a reduced phase-space Lagrangian that describes the relativistic time-averaged dynamics of such a particle in a geometrical-optics laser pulse propagating in vacuum .	The pulse is allowed to have an arbitrarily large amplitude ( provided radiation damping and pair production are negligible ) and a wavelength comparable to the particle de Broglie wavelength .
Non-backtracking walks of a given length can be counted using the non-backtracking adjacency matrix , $ B $ , indexed by $ H $ 's directed edges and related to Ihara 's Zeta function .	We show how to determine $ B $ 's spectrum in the case where $ H $ is a tree covering a finite graph .
We therefore view this gate as a resource which should be used only when necessary .	Given an n-qubit unitary U we are interested in computing a circuit that implements it using the minimum possible number of T gates ( called the T-count of U ) .
The problem includes the leader-following consensus problem of linear multi-agent systems with time-delay as a special case .	We first generalize the internal model design method to systems with both communication delay and input delay .
The scaling parameters are n ( e ) , v ( 0 ) , B ( perp ) , m ( i ) , T ( i ) , and the width w of the plasmoid .	The scaling is based on a model for strongly driven , nonlinear magnetic field diffusion into a plasma , which is a generalization of the laboratory findings .
We estimate the p-rank of the class group of Q ( N^ ( 1/p ) ) in terms of the discrete logarithm , with values un F_p , of certain units .	Using the Gross -- Koblitz formula and identities on the N-adic Gamma function , we explicitly compute these logarithms .
We present energy requirements and an approach for their validation using a power consumption model , test-case specification , software traces , and power measurements .	Three different approaches for power data gathering are described .
Specifically , we show that for any sequence of Galton-Watson forests $ \mathcal { F } _n $ , $ n\geq 1 $ , in the domain of attraction of a L\'evy forest $ \mathcal { F } $ , suitably scaled pruning processes $ ( \mathcal { F } _n ( \theta ) , \theta\geq 0 ) $ converge in the Skorohod topology on cadlag functions with values in the space of ( isometry classes of ) locally compact real trees to limiting pruning processes .	We separately treat pruning at branch points and pruning at edges .
The screening corrections are of particular importance for light helium-like ions .	Even in the case of neutral He atom , our analytical predictions turn out to be in good agreement with the numerical calculations performed with the use of the sophisticated wave functions .
We introduce Deep Sliding Shapes , a 3D ConvNet formulation that takes a 3D volumetric scene from a RGB-D image as input and outputs 3D object bounding boxes .	In our approach , we propose the first 3D Region Proposal Network ( RPN ) to learn objectness from geometric shapes and the first joint Object Recognition Network ( ORN ) to extract geometric features in 3D and color features in 2D .
With localization techniques one can obtain general limit theorems for Toeplitz determinants with Fisher-Hartwig singularities from the asymptotics for any symbol with one singularity of general type .	There exists a family of these for which the determinants can be evaluated explicitly and their asymptotics determined .
103 , 097403 ( 2009 ) ] , we outlined a computational method to calculate the optical properties of structures with a spatially nonlocal dielectric function .	In this Article , we detail the full method , and verify it against analytical results for cylindrical nanowires .
In particular , when the parametrization is proper , i.e.when the curve is just traced once by the parametrization , we prove that any factor corresponding to a simple component of the offset has multiplicity 1 , while the factor corresponding to the special component , if any , has multiplicity 2 .	Hence , if the parametrization is proper and there is no special component , the non-extraneous part of the resultant is square-free .
In the more general Weighted TAP problem , $ F $ should be of minimum weight .	Weighted TAP admits several $ 2 $ -approximation algorithms w.r.t .
The multi-body effects are incorporated in the clustering process , which in their work was obtained in the absence of the bulk medium .	The bulk solvent effects were then modeled approximately within a second order perturbation approach .
We introduce simplified coupling protocols , and transient eigenspectra as well as a realistic gate design for this transport protocol .	Using a pairwise treatment of the tunnel couplings for a 5 donor device with 30nm donor spacings , 120nm total chain length , we estimate the time scale required for adiabatic operation to be ~70ns , a time well within measured electron spin and estimated charge relaxation and times for phosphorus donors in silicon .
The ions , originating from successive multiplication stages , are efficiently deviated and captured by such electrode .	Experimental results are provided comparing the ion-blocking capability of the F-R-MHSP to that of the reversed-bias Micro-Hole & amp ; Strip Plate ( R-MHSP ) and the Gas Electron Multiplier ( GEM ) .
This paper attempts to unveil the incentives , risks , and techniques behind oversubscription in a cloud infrastructure .	Additionally , an overview of the current research that has been completed on this highly relevant topic is reviewed , and suggestions are made regarding potential avenues for future work .
For the two-leg Heisenberg spin-1/2 ladder with cyclic four-spin exchange , six different phases are identified : the ferromagnetic phase , the rung singlet phase , the staggered dimer phase , the scalar chirality phase , the dominant vector chirality region , and the dominant collinear spin region .	Our findings are in a good agreement with the previous studies from the exact diagonalization and the density-matrix renormalization group .
The DW-PSA synthesis herein presented may be used for interferometric contouring of discontinuous industrial objects .	Also DW-PSA may be useful for DW shop-testing of deep free-form aspheres .
The latter ( M_V = 0.0 , Fadely et al .	2011 ) is among the faintest star clusters known .
The spontaneous generation of the magnetic and chromomagnetic fields at high temperature is investigated in the Standard Model .	The consistent effective potential including the one-loop and the daisy diagrams of all boson and fermion fields is calculated .
It has been shown that the heating , ventilation , and air conditioning ( HVAC ) systems of commercial buildings can offer ancillary services to power systems without loss of comfort .	In this paper , we propose a new control framework for reliable scheduling and provision of frequency reserves by aggregations of commercial buildings .
We then compare this with the corresponding calculation in the microscopic configuration carrying the same charges as the black hole .	We find perfect agreement between the microscopic and macroscopic calculations ; in the cases we study , the zero energy limit of the scattering cross section is equal to four times the Wald entropy of the black hole .
Unfortunately , previous analysis rely either on complicated and space consuming hash functions , or on the unrealistic assumption of free access to a truly random hash function .	Already Carter and Wegman , in their seminal paper on universal hashing , raised the question of extending their analysis to linear probing .
Moreover the well-known sensitivity of the HCO $ ^+ $ abundance on the ionization degree of the molecular gas ( an important issue omitted from the ongoing discussion about the relative merits of HCN and HCO $ ^+ $ as dense gas tracers ) may severely reduce the HCO $ ^+ $ abundance in the star-forming and highly turbulent molecular gas found in LIRGs , while HCN remains abundant .	This may result to the decreasing HCO $ ^+ $ /HCN J=1 -- 0 line ratio with increasing IR luminosity found in LIRGs , and casts doubts on the HCO $ ^+ $ rather than the HCN as a good dense molecular gas tracer .
We consider then the coefficient of the linear ( subleading ) SUSY Sudakov logarithm and the SUSY next to subleading term of the expansion and show that their dependence on the supersymmetric parameters of the model is drastically different .	In particular the coefficient of the SUSY logarithm is only dependent on $ \tan\beta $ while the next to subleading term depends on a larger set of SUSY parameters .
A focused gene set analysis suggests that some of the overall correlation can be explained by specific systems ; for example , an olfactory gene set is homophilic and an immune system gene set is heterophilic .	Finally , homophilic genotypes exhibit significantly higher measures of positive selection , suggesting that , on average , they may yield a synergistic fitness advantage that has been helping to drive recent human evolution .
We generalize this picture to arbitrary cosmological horizons .	We give examples of exponential fast-scrambling and power-law scrambling and `` de-scrambling '' as charges propagate freely near a horizon .
Excitation spectra and force-to-distance characterization are shown with different electrode configurations .	Applications of this scheme in electrostatic force microscopy , Kelvin probe microscopy and local anodic oxidation is discussed .
These wireless mesh networks , formed by low-power radio transceivers , continuously measure the received signal strength ( RSS ) of the links .	Radio Tomographic Imaging ( RTI ) is a technique that generates 2D images of the change in the electromagnetic field inside the area covered by the radio transceivers to spot the presence and movements of animates ( e.g. , people , large animals ) or large metallic objects ( e.g. , cars ) .
The exact analytical expressions for the grand potential and hence for several thermodynamic quantities have been obtained for this purpose in both uniform and trapped cases .	It is enunciated that many interesting features of spin-orbit coupled systems revealed theoretically can be understood in terms of coupling-induced modifications in statistical interparticle potential .
Our calculations and models highlight the advantages of the technique .	In particular , using this scheme , a group of N detectors provides an improvement in operation rate that can exceed the improvement that would be obtained by a single detector with deadtime reduced by 1/N , even if it were feasible to produce a single detector with such a large improvement in deadtime .
However , the nature of the effects of $ SU ( 3 ) $ breaking in such decays is not well understood and hence , a reliable estimate of $ SU ( 3 ) $ breaking effects is missing .	In this work we propose a new method to quantitatively estimate the extent of flavor symmetry breaking and better understand the nature of such breaking using Dalitz plot .
We show that the resulting uncertainties in the predictions for the Higgs boson mass and the compactification scale are small , about 25 % of the uncertainties quoted above , and hence do not affect the original predictions .	However , a tree level brane Fayet-Iliopoulos term could , if large enough , modify these predictions , especially for 1/R .
Examples of such spaces were given by Hechler [ 1 ] and Kat\v { e } tov [ 2 ] .	In particular , Kat\v { e } tov showed that if $ \omega & lt ; \kappa = \kappa^ { & lt ; \kappa } $ , then there exists a $ \kappa $ -superuniversal $ K $ which is moreover $ \kappa $ -homogeneous , i.e.every isometry of a subspace $ Y\subseteq K $ with $ |Y| & lt ; \kappa $ can be extended to an isometry of the whole $ K $ .
This `` New Cosmology '' greatly extends the highly successful hot big-bang model .	Now we have to make sense of it .
If a primordial magnetic field ( PMF ) is present during photon decoupling and afterward , a finite neutrino mass can affect all modes of the CMB .	In this work , we expand on earlier studies of the scalar mode effects by constructing the vector and tensor mode equations in the presence of massive neutrinos and a PMF .
These are then used to determine the probability of different configurations in the steady state .	We illustrate this procedure by explicitly determining the numerically exact steady state for a one dimensional example , for systems of size $ \le12 $ , and also study the density profile in the steady state .
The chains are coupled by a direct tunneling and four-fermion interactions .	At low energies the individual chains are described as Luttinger liquids with an arbitrary ratio of spin $ v_s $ and charge $ v_c $ velocities .
Luminous and ultraluminous infrared galaxies ( ( U ) LIRGs ) are the most extreme star forming galaxies in the universe .	The local ( U ) LIRGs provide a unique opportunity to study their multi-wavelength properties in detail for comparison to their more numerous counterparts at high redshifts .
In 1964 , G.J .	Stigler introduced a stochastic model for the evolution of an order book on a stock market .
We then explain how to find all the complex roots of the polynomial systems for arbitrary generic games , by polyhedral homotopy continuation starting from the solutions to the specially constructed games .	We describe the use of Groebner bases to solve these polynomial systems and to learn geometric information about how the solution set varies with the payoff functions .
The inductionless approximation defined by zero magnetic Prandtl number is adopted to distinguish the HMRI from the standard MRI in the cylindrical Taylor-Couette flow subject to a helical magnetic field .	Using a Chebyshev collocation method convective and absolute instability thresholds are computed in terms of the Elsasser number for a fixed ratio of inner and outer radii \lambda=2 and various ratios of rotation rates and helicities of the magnetic field .
The solution of the Schreodinger equation for the most general Hamiltonian of this form is shown to be equivalent to the special case $ \vec R= ( 1,0 , \nu ( t ) ) $ .	This corresponds to the problem of driven two-level atom for the spin half representation of $ \vec J $ .
We used the flux calibrated images through the Broad Band Filter Imager and Stokes Polarimeter data obtained with the Solar Optical Telescope onboard the Hinode spacecraft to study the properties of bright points in and around the sunspots .	The well isolated bright points were selected and classified as umbral dot , peripheral umbral dot , penumbral grains and G-band bright point depending on their location .
A direct comparison of the raw experimental data and the QCD prediction is difficult because the data have a wide range of structures and large statistical errors and the QCD description contains sharp quark-antiquark thresholds .	However , a meaningful comparison can be made if a type of `` smearing '' procedure is used to smooth out rapid variations in both the theoretical and experimental values of $ R $ .
And the electron densities based on this method are found to be systematically higher than those derived from forbidden line ratios .	These results suggest that temperature and density fluctuations are generally present within nebulae .
We consider the probability of successful transmission in an interference limited channel when fading is modeled as Rayleigh .	We provide a numerically integrable expression for the outage probability and closed-form upper and lower bounds.We show that when the transmitter-receiver distance is large , the success probability is greater than that of a Poisson arrangement .
Simulations are made with the plaquette gauge action and a tadpole improved clover quark action employing $ \xi = a_s/a_t = 3 $ .	We calculate the spectrum of S- and P-states and their excitation , and study the scaling behavior of mass splittings .
Blackwell provided two equivalent sets of conditions for a convex set to be approachable .	The first ( primary ) condition is a geometric separation condition , while the second ( dual ) condition requires that the set be { \em non-excludable } , namely that for every mixed action of the opponent there exists a mixed action of the agent ( a { \em response } ) such that the resulting payoff vector belongs to $ S $ .
From a search of a portion of the sky covered by the SDSS and UKIDSS databases , we have located 2 galaxies at z~0.5 that have properties similar to those of the luminous passive compact galaxies found at z~2.5 .	From Keck moderate-resolution spectroscopy and laser-guided adaptive-optics imaging of these galaxies , we can begin to put together a more detailed picture of what their high-redshift counterparts might be like .
By applying generating function into modern physics ( quantum mechanics , thermodynamics , black hole , supersymmetry , special functions , etc ) , we are able to obtain the recursion relation , a normalization constant for the wave function and expectation values of any physical quantities .	For the case of hydrogen-like atoms , generating function of associated Laguerre polynomial has been used in order to derive expectation values of position and momentum .
In order to address these important questions , a GF305 indicator peach tree was infected with a single variant of the Avsunviroidae family member Peach latent mosaic viroid ( PLMVd ) .	Six months post-inoculation , full-length circular conformers of PLMVd were isolated , deep-sequenced and the resulting sequences analyzed using an original bioinformatics scheme specifically designed and developed in order to evaluate the richness of a given the sequence 's population .
Qualitatively different temperature-field diagrams are obtained below 10 T for the field applied along $ a $ or $ b $ and along $ c $ , respectively .	In contrast , a nearly isotropic high-field phase emerges above 18 T and persists up to the saturation that occurs around 22.5 T. Upon cooling in low fields , the transitions at $ T_ { \rm N1 } $ and $ T_ { \rm N2 } $ toward the spin-density-wave and stripe phases are of the second order , whereas the transition at $ T_ { \rm N3 } $ toward the helical state is of the first order and entails a lattice component .
In the nucleus , we see nearly energy-independent variability behavior .	Knot HST-1 , however , displays weak energy dependence in both X-ray and optical bands , but with nearly comparable rise/decay timescales at 220 nm and 0.5 keV .
We propose to use hysteresis behavior in a 1D system of nonlinear nanoresonators in order to achieve the NRB ; the nonlinearity is provided by saturation of a two-level quantum system coupled with the nanoresonators ( nanolaser/spaser con ? guration ) .	Quantum Dots ( QD ) were assumed as quantum systems ; their numerical parameters have been adopted for estimations .
Physical conditions are derived for the molecular gas in the frame work of two models : a homogeneous multicomponent model with equal filling factors , and a two-phase medium consisting of dense clumps embedded in a more diffuse component .	Our absorption data are consistent with the presence of a diffuse gas component , dominating the observed opacity , and a dense component , accounting for most of the mass .
We investigate the intensity and polarization of reflected light from planetary atmospheres .	We present a large grid of Monte Carlo simulations for planets with Rayleigh scattering atmospheres .
So far two main approaches have been introduced to address this problem , ( full ) device-independent QKD and measurement-device-independent QKD .	Here we present a third solution that might exceed the performance and practicality of the previous two in circumventing detector side-channel attacks , which arguably is the most hazardous part of QKD implementations .
Nevertheless the mixing needs to be included in a consistent calculation , and we do just that in this work .	We find that the effects of mixing are indeed numerically small .
Standard telecommunication components allow one to efficiently implement quantum communication by measuring field quadratures ( continuous variables ) .	This opens the possibility to adapt our Laser Communication Terminals ( LCTs ) to quantum key distribution ( QKD ) .
As far as we know the original model presents the first example of a model with local bare interactions generating purely statistical interactions between renormalized particles .	As a by-product we obtain non-trivial thermodynamic equations for the interacting system of two-dimensional phonons .
In this note we communicate some important remarks about the concepts of almost periodic time scales and almost periodic functions on time scales that are proposed by Wang and Agarwal in their recent papers ( Adv .	Difference Equ .
Recurrence plots exhibit line structures which represent typical behaviour of the investigated system .	The local slope of these line structures is connected with a specific transformation of the time scales of different segments of the phase-space trajectory .
In our experiment design , artists can choose freely what and how to model .	We recover whole-workflow trends with sophisticated statistical analyzes and validate these trends with goodness-of-fits measures .
In this paper we propose simple approximations of the abscissa given by polynomials of fixed degree , and hence controlled complexity .	Our approximations are computed by a hierarchy of finite-dimensional convex semidefinite programming problems .
No CO2 absorption is seen in Oberon spectra , and the strengths of the CO2 ice bands decline with planetocentric distance from Ariel through Titania .	We use the CO2 absorptions to map the longitudinal distribution of CO2 ice on Ariel , Umbriel , and Titania , showing that it is most abundant on their trailing hemispheres .
For a finite group $ G $ of order $ kn $ and its subgroup $ H $ of order $ n $ , one may define an $ n $ by $ kn $ matrix $ X= ( x_ { hg^ { -1 } } ) _ { h\in H , g\in G } $ , where $ x_g $ ( $ g\in G $ ) are indeterminates indexed by the elements in $ G $ .	Then , we define an invariant $ \Theta ( G , H ) $ for a given pair $ ( G , H ) $ by the $ k $ -wreath determinant of the matrix $ X $ , where $ k $ is the index of $ H $ in $ G $ .
This is a short review on an interdisciplinary field of quantum information science and statistical mechanics .	We first give a pedagogical introduction to the stabilizer formalism , which is an efficient way to describe an important class of quantum states , the so-called stabilizer states , and quantum operations on them .
Recent studies suggest that the cosmological constant affects the gravitational bending of photons although the orbital equation for light in Schwarzschild-de Sitter space time is free from cosmological constant .	Here we argued that the very notion of cosmological constant independency of photon orbit in the Schwarzschild-de Sitter space time is not proper .
Using previous results by Kapralov , Khanna , and Sudan ( 2014 ) we obtain a $ \mathrm { polylog } ( n ) $ approximation for general graphs using $ \mathrm { polylog } ( n ) $ space in random order streams , respectively .	In addition , we give a space lower bound of $ \Omega ( n^ { 1-\varepsilon } ) $ for any randomized algorithm estimating the size of a maximum matching up to a $ 1+O ( \varepsilon ) $ factor for adversarial streams .
During the treatment , liquid bone cement gets injected into the affected vertebral body and therein cures to a solid .	In order to investigate the treatment and the impact of injected bone cement , an integrated modelling and simulation framework has been developed .
We study the far-infrared ( IR ) and sub-millimeter properties of a sample of ultraviolet ( UV ) selected galaxies at z\sim1.5 .	Using stacking at 250 , 350 and 500 um from Herschel Space Observatory SPIRE imaging of the COSMOS field obtained within the HerMES key program , we derive the mean IR luminosity as a function of both UV luminosity and slope of the UV continuum beta .
It is instructive to use a separation A ( x , t ) =A_0^epsilon ( x ) +epsilon ( x , t ) , where A_0^epsilon ( x ) is an approximately scale-invariant form that can be calculated within a given factorization prescription from the measured distributions Delta q ( x , t ) , q ( x , t ) and G ( x , t ) .	Applying this separation with the J_z=1/2 sum rule provides a convenient way to determine the total amount of orbital angular momentum generated by mechanisms associated with confinement and chiral dynamics .
To capture the physics of these experiments , we introduce a partial fidelity , the Boltzmann echo , where only part of the system 's degrees of freedom can be time-reversed .	We present a semiclassical calculation of the Boltzmann echo .
Unexpectedly , we find that the asymptotic power of LDA 's sample-splitting classification accuracy is actually minimax rate-optimal in terms of problem-dependent parameters .	Since prediction is commonly thought to be harder than testing , it might come as a surprise to some that solving a harder problem does not create a information-theoretic bottleneck for the easier one .
Given the Lagrangian density , the invariance condition develops as a set of partial differential equations determining the symmetry transformation .	The solution is provided in the case of real scalar , complex scalar , free electromagnetic , and charged electromagnetic fields .
The most important theoretical techniques are introduced and their usefulness is demonstrated with the help of simple examples .	A survey over frequently used programs and packages is provided , discussing their abilities and fields of applications .
A major advantage of the method is that our reconstruction pipeline allows the user to acquire a full 3D model of the object .	This is achieved by acquiring several partial 3D models in different sessions that are automatically merged together to reconstruct a full model .
The isospin violating dark matter ( IVDM ) scenario offers an interesting possibility to reconcile conflicting results among direct dark matter search experiments for a mass range around 10 GeV .	We consider two simple renormalizable IVDM models with a complex scalar dark matter and a Dirac fermion dark matter , respectively , whose stability is ensured by the conservation of `` dark matter number '' .
Our approach gives a new perspective on Mazur 's conjecture on the topology of rational points .	We shall reformulate and generalize Mazur 's problem in the light of transcendence theory and shall derive conclusions in the direction of the conjecture .
For a given LSS-GAC plate , the spectra are first processed with a set of nominal spectral response curves ( SRCs ) and used to derive initial stellar atmospheric parameters ( effective temperature $ T_ { \rm eff } $ , surface gravity log\ , $ g $ and metallicity [ Fe/H ] ) as well as dust reddening $ E ( B-V ) $ of all targeted stars .	For each of the sixteen spectrographs , several F-type stars of good signal-to-noise ratios ( SNRs ) are then selected as flux standard stars for further , iterative spectral flux calibration .
Obviously , the heterogeneity also exists at the community level , where not only the distributions of population abundances but also the proportions of the species composition in the community are often heterogeneous .	Nevertheless , existing community diversity indexes such as Shannon index and Simpson index can only measure `` local '' or `` static '' diversity in the sense that they are computed for each habitat at a specific time point , and the indexes alone do not reflect the diversity changes .
These are small effects that arise at second-order in the temperature fluctuations not from primordial physics but from such a limitation of the map-making procedure .	They constitute a contaminant for measurements of : our peculiar velocity , the tSZ and of primordial y-distortions , but they can nevertheless be well-modelled and accounted for .
In this paper we prove that every 2-connected projective-planar cubic graph has a closed 2-cell embedding in some orientable surface .	The three main ingredients of the proof are ( 1 ) a surgical method to convert nonorientable embeddings into orientable embeddings ; ( 2 ) a reduction for 4-cycles for orientable closed 2-cell embeddings , or orientable cycle double covers , of cubic graphs ; and ( 3 ) a structural result for projective-planar embeddings of cubic graphs .
It involves SU ( 2 ) hopping matrices of the form $ \exp ( { \rm i } \mu { \bm n } \cdot { \bm\sigma } ) $ living on the oriented links of the graph .	For a given structure , the dimensionless coupling constant $ \mu $ is the only parameter of the model .
These new estimators also reduce the systematic error ( or bias ) of the intracule density due to the approximate trial wave function .	Used in combination with the optimization of an increasing number of parameters in trial Jastrow-Slater wave functions , they allow one to obtain well converged correlated intracule densities for atoms and molecules .
\textbf { 8 } , 912 ( 2012 ) ] .	A rigorous quantum-mechanical calculation of the mean probability amplitude is suggested , and it is shown that the power law spreading of the mean squared displacement ( MSD ) is $ & lt ; x^2 ( t ) & gt ; \sim t^ { \alpha } $ , where $ 2 & lt ; \alpha\leq 3 $ .
These are mixed with the signal through the nonlinear amplifier , which makes them { cyclostationary } .	We also consider noise sources acting directly on the resonator .
For slow time variations in the currents , we show that our general solutions reduce to the standard expressions for the fields in classic magnetic dipole radiation .	In the limit of extremely fast turn-on of the currents , we show that for our general solutions the amount of energy radiated is exactly equal to the magnetic energy stored in the static fields a long time after current creation .
We report on the first non-perturbative calculation of the scalar Yukawa model in the single-nucleon sector up to four-body Fock sector truncation ( one `` scalar nucleon '' and three `` scalar pions '' ) .	The light-front Hamiltonian approach with a systematic non-perturbative renormalization is applied .
The results are generally consistent with what have been inferred from X-ray imaging of nearby galaxies similar to the Galaxy .	It is clear that diffuse soft X-ray emitting/absorbing gas with a characteristic temperature of $ \sim 10^6 $ K resides primarily in and around the Galactic disk and bulge .
We analyzed the nature of outliers , and give two clear definitions .	We then develop an efficient RDD algorithm , which converts outlier problem to pattern and degree problem .
We study the dependence of the amplitude and slope of the galaxy correlation function on absolute B-band rest-frame luminosity , redshift and best-fitting spectral type.We find : 1 .	The comoving correlation length for all galaxies decreases steadily from z~0.3 to z~1.2 .
All four recombination lines are detected in the integrated profiles of the two sources .	Broad radio recombination lines are detected in both NGC 3576 ( DV_ { FWHM } & gt ; = 50 km/s ) and NGC 3603 ( DV_ { FWHM } & gt ; =70 km/s ) .
The result accounts for nonequilibrium phonon distributions induced by the source-drain bias voltage , and concomitantly satisfies the fluctuation theorem .	Extending the counting field to the complex plane , we investigate the locations of possible singularities of the cumulant generating function , and exploit them to identify regimes in which the electron transfer is affected differently by the coupling to the phonons .
We observe that the low temperature resistivity upturn is not due to a charge density wave transition , and a dominant role of impurities scattering for low temperature transport properties is instead demonstrated .	The components of magnetoresistance were separated by using the Kohler plot and the angular dependency of the resistance under magnetic field .
The candidate events feature the signature of semileptonic top-quark decays and are classified as signal-like or background-like by an artificial neural network trained on simulated events .	The observed discriminant distribution is in good agreement with the one predicted by the standard model and provides no evidence for FCNC top-quark production , resulting in a Bayesian upper limit on the production cross section sigma ( u ( c ) +g - & gt ; t ) & lt ; 1.8 pb at the 95 % confidence level .
Strongly interacting galaxies undergo a short-lived but dramatic phase of evolution characterized by enhanced star formation , tidal tails , bridges and other morphological peculiarities .	The nearest example of a pair of interacting galaxies is the Magellanic Clouds , whose dynamical interaction produced the gaseous features known as the Magellanic Stream trailing the pair 's orbit about the Galaxy , the Bridge between the Clouds , and the Leading Arm , a wide and irregular feature leading the orbit .
In particular we give a detailed discussion of the diagonalization in the Replica Fourier Space of the Hessian matrix of the Gaussian fluctuations about the mean field saddle point of spin glass theory .	The general results are finally discussed for a generic spherical spin glass model , where the Hessian can be computed analytically .
The proof proceeds via couplings to show the corresponding moment bounds for a second class particle .	We build on the methods developed by Balazs-Seppalainen for asymmetric simple exclusion .
We use Polya 's theorem to convert the polynomial optimization problem to a set of highly structured Linear Matrix Inequalities ( LMIs ) .	We then use a slight modification of a common interior-point primal-dual algorithm to solve the structured LMI constraints .
Classical Jacobi polynomials $ P_ { n } ^ { ( \alpha , \beta ) } $ , with $ \alpha , \beta & gt ; -1 $ , have a number of well-known properties , in particular the location of their zeros in the open interval $ ( -1,1 ) $ .	This property is no longer valid for other values of the parameters ; in general , zeros are complex .
In particular , their quantum Hamiltonian can be expressed in terms of free fields and the physical spectrum and string partition function can be explicitly determined .	In addition to the presence of tachyonic instabilities and existence of critical values of magnetic field the closed string spectrum exhibits also some novel features which were absent in the open string case .
The deviation from local equilibrium within the thermal cloud gives rise to dissipation associated with shear viscosity and thermal conduction .	In addition , we show that effects due to the deviation from the diffusive local equilibrium between the condensate and the non-condensate ( recently considered by Zaremba , Nikuni and Griffin ) can be described by four frequency-dependent second viscosity transport coefficients .
We study the formation of photospheric emission lines in O stars and show that the rectangular profiles , sometimes double peaked , that are observed for some stars are a direct consequence of rotation , and it is unnecessary to invoke an enhanced density structure in the equatorial regions .	Emission lines , such as N IV 4058 and the N III 4634-4640-4642 multiplet , exhibit non-standard `` limb darkening '' laws .
Let $ X^ { ( \delta ) } $ be a Wishart process of dimension $ \delta $ , with values in the set of positive matrices of size $ m $ .	We are interested in the large deviations for a family of matrix-valued processes $ \ { \delta^ { -1 } X_t^ { ( \delta ) } , t \leq 1 \ } $ as $ \delta $ tends to infinity .
We analyze 2+1 dimensional Yang-Mills theory regularized on a lattice with twisted boundary conditions in the spatial directions .	In previous work it was shown that the observables in the non-zero electric flux sectors obey the so-called $ x $ -scaling , i.e.depend only on the dimensionless variable $ x\propto NL/b $ and the angle $ \tilde\theta $ given by the parameters of the twist ( $ L $ being the length of the spatial torus and $ b $ the inverse 't Hooft coupling ) .
We consider various incommensurate ( IC ) order parameters for electrons on a square lattice which reduce to $ d_ { x^2-y^2 } $ -density wave ( DDW ) order when the ordering wavevector $ { \bf Q } \to ( \pi , \pi ) $ .	We describe the associated charge and current distributions and their experimental signatures .
We present an assessment of the barium abundance ratios for red giant member stars in the faint Hercules dwarf spheroidal ( dSph ) galaxy .	Our results are drawn from intermediate-resolution FLAMES/GIRAFFE spectra around the Ba II 6141.71 AA absorption line at low signal-to-noise ratios .
Two-dimensional exchange 2D NMR ( 2DEX ) detected slow dynamics with a rate of an order of 10^2Hz for the CD_3 group in d_3-HH-P4MeTz at 288K .	The frequency dependence of proton longitudinal relaxation rate at 288K shows a omega^-1/2 dependence , which is due to the one-dimensional diffusion-like motion of backbone conformational modulation waves .
This leads to a prediction of theta_C in terms of group theoretical quantities only , i.e.the index n of the dihedral group D_n , the index j of the fermion representation 2_j and the preserved subgroups indicated by m_u and m_d .	Here we construct a low energy model which incorporates this idea .
The model describes how the hard X-ray spectrum varies when the properties of either the soft photon source or the Comptonizing medium undergo small oscillations .	Observations of the resulting spectral modulations can determine whether the variability is due to ( i ) oscillations in the injection of seed photons , ( ii ) oscillations in the coronal electron density , or ( iii ) oscillations in the coronal energy dissipation rate .
We show that the automorphism group of a complete set of MUBs is isomorphic to the automorphism group of the corresponding orthogonal decomposition of the Lie algebra $ sl_n ( \mathbb { C } ) $ .	In the case of symplectic spreads this automorphism group is determined by the automorphism group of the spread .
By using a deterministic Hellinger distance as loss , we prove that the selected function satisfies a non-asymptotic oracle type inequality under minimal assumptions on the statistical setting .	We derive an adaptive piecewise constant estimator on a random partition that achieves the expected rate of convergence over ( possibly inhomogeneous and anisotropic ) Besov spaces of small regularity .
( Screened ) hybrid functionals are being used more and more for solid-state calculations .	Usually the fraction alpha of Hartree-Fock exchange is kept fixed during the calculation , however there is no single ( universal ) value for alpha which systematically leads to satisfying accuracy .
Using the background-metric independence for the traceless mode as well as the conformal mode , 4D quantum gravity is described as a quantum field theory defined on a non-dynamical background-metric .	The measure then induces an action with 4 derivatives .
We formulate necessary and sufficient conditions for the resulting evolution in the physical phase space to be a symplectomorphism .	We give examples which satisfy those conditions and examples which do not .
We present a series of radiative MHD simulations addressing the origin and distribution of mixed polarity magnetic field in the solar photosphere .	To this end we consider numerical simulations that cover the uppermost 2-6 Mm of the solar convection zone and we explore scales ranging from 2 km to 25 Mm .
By using Monte Carlo techniques we calculate the specific heat , the density of poles and their average separation as functions of temperature .	The specific heat and average separation between monopoles and antimonopoles exhibit a sharp peak and a local maximum , respectively , at the same temperature , $ T_ { p } \approx 7.2D/k_ { B } $ ( here , $ D $ is the strength of the dipolar interaction and $ k_ { B } $ is the Boltzmann constant ) .
String models can produce successful inflationary scenarios in the context of brane collisions and in many of these models cosmic strings may also be produced .	In scenarios such as KKLMMT the string contribution is naturally predicted to be well below the inflationary signal for cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) temperature anisotropies , in agreement with the existing limits .
Using the transfer matrix method , we derive the bandstructure and phase diagram , and demonstrate the existence of robust edge states .	When gain and loss are introduced , the system functions as a diode for coupled resonator modes .
Are current theoretical pre-main-sequence evolutionary tracks valid down to the substellar regime ?	- Any detection of a companion to a brown dwarf takes us one step forward towards answering these basic questions of star formation .
Detailed studies of the performance of the \gx detector have indicated that identification of particular final states with kaons is possible using the baseline detector configuration .	The efficiency of kaon detection coupled with the relatively lower production cross section for particles containing hidden strangeness will require a high intensity run in order for analyses of such states to be feasible .
The contribution of holes in $ t_ { 2g } $ and $ e_g $ bands of manganese ions to the conductivity , optical absorbtion spectra and charge instability in $ \alpha -MnS $ were studied .	Charge susceptibility maxima resulted from the competition of the on-site Coulomb interaction between the holes in different orbitals and small hybridization of sub-bands were calculated at $ T=160 K , 250 K , 475 K $ .
We examine the optical properties of the nuclei of low luminosity radio-galaxies using snapshot HST images of the B2 sample .	In agreement with the results obtained from the analysis of the brighter 3C/FRI sample , we find a correlation between fluxes ( and luminosities ) of the optical and radio cores .
In all three cases , we find that the important abundances obey quasi-equilibrium for temperatures greater than approximately 3 GK , with relatively little nucleosynthesis occurring following the breakdown of quasi-equilibrium .	We will show that quasi-equilibrium provides better abundance estimates than global nuclear statistical equilibrium , even for normal freezeout and particularly for $ \alpha $ -rich freezeout .
The proposed model is based on the idea of shared factors as in the Probabilistic Linear Discriminant Analysis ( PLDA ) .	GRBM hidden layer is divided into speaker and channel factors , herein the speaker factor is shared over all vectors of the speaker .
For an error bound $ \epsilon $ , the algorithm can solve the problem with cost of order $ ( \frac { 1 } { \epsilon } ) ^ { 3/2 } $ , which is not as good as the optimal algorithm in the quantum circuit model , but better than the classical random algorithm .	Moreover , since the Berry phase is a purely geometric feature , the result may be robust to decoherence and resilient to certain noise .
Often , the insistence in following a path already traced in the continuous setting , has caused waste of time and efforts , whereas new specific tools have solved the problems both more easily and elegantly .	In this paper we survey three of the main difficulties encountered in the numerical solutions of ODEs , along with the novel solutions proposed .
The canonical observation mode for IACT gamma-ray observations employs four discrete pointings in the cardinal directions ( the `` wobble '' mode ) .	For the VERITAS Observatory , the target source is offset by 0.5-0.7 degrees from the camera center , and the observation lasts 20 minutes .
A simple tight-binding model is used to describe the system and all the calculations are done based on the Green 's function formalism .	Here , we present conductance-energy and current-voltage characteristics in terms of ring-to-electrode coupling strength , ring-electrode interface geometry and magnetic flux .
For patients , it can reduce the need for travel and provide the access to a superspecialist .	Ophthalmology lends itself easily to telemedicine as it is a largely image based diagnosis .
Graphene electrodes are promising candidates to improve reproducibility and stability in molecular electronics through new electrode-molecule anchoring strategies .	Here we report sequential electron transport in few-layer graphene transistors containing individual curcuminoid-based molecules anchored to the electrodes via pi-pi orbital bonding .
In the first case , the hydrophobically coated nanoparticles are self-assembled with an amphiphilic diblock copolymer by a double-emulsion process in order to prepare giant magnetic vesicles ( polymersomes ) in one step and at a high throughput .	It was shown in literature that such diblock copolymer W/O/W emulsion droplets can evolve into polymersomes made of a thin ( nanometric ) magnetic membrane through a dewetting transition of the oil phase from the aqueous internal cores usually leading to `` acorn-like '' structures ( polymer excess ) sticking to the membranes .
The well-known idea to construct domain wall type solutions of field equations by means of an expansion in the width of the domain wall is reexamined .	We observe that the problem involves singular perturbations .
On such a communication network $ { \cal G } $ , we show that the $ k^ { th } $ smallest of the $ n $ inputs can be detected in $ O ( \log n ) $ time with $ O ( n \log \log n ) $ messages .	The possibility of such a parallel algorithm for this distributed $ k $ -selection problem has been unknown despite the intensive investigation on many variations of the selection problem carried out since 1970s .
Antifields are assigned to all field variables including former `` parametric '' ones \pi^ { Aa } .	The antibrackets ( F , G ) ^a as well as the operators \triangle^a and V^a are extended to include the new anticanonical pairs \pi^ { Aa } , \bar { \phi } _A .
In the experiments , the open source search engine Terrier was utilised as a tool to index and retrieve data .	The proposed technique was tested on the NTCIR data collection .
The simulations have sufficient dynamic range to resolve from ten kpc scale galactic disks up to many Mpc scale filaments .	Over this range of scales , we find that hierarchical structure development proceeds through a series of increasingly larger filamentary collapses .
We then show that if the functions are strongly convex and have Lipschitz continuous gradients , the sequence generated by our algorithm converges linearly to the optimal solution .	In particular , an $ \epsilon $ -optimal solution can be computed with $ O ( \sqrt { \kappa_f } \log ( 1/\epsilon ) ) $ iterations , where $ \kappa_f $ is the condition number of the problem .
Unfortunately , only in few cases can we determine this exactly .	In many cases we obtain only some information about the prime divisors of the cohomology group 's order .
We derive equations of motion for the fluctuations and argue that at O ( theta^2 ) the spectrum of fluctuations remains essentially the same as that of the corresponding commutative theory .	We compute the one-loop two-point functions of the sine-Gordon field and the additional scalar field present in the model and exhibit logarithmic divergences , only some of which lead to UV/IR mixing .
We explore here a new route for resumming $ f_ { \lm } $ based on replacing it by its $ \ell $ -th root : $ \rho_ { \lm } =f_ { \lm } ^ { 1/\ell } $ .	In the extreme-mass-ratio case , this resummation procedure results in a much better agreement between analytical and numerical waveforms than when using standard post-Newtonian approximants .
We address the nonperturbative effects associated with soft charm quarks in inclusive B decays .	Such corrections are allowed by the OPE , but have largely escaped attention so far .
We argue that this analysis is in fact more general than the model itself .	While the symmetry breaking for the semileptonic decays themselves is not strong , other quantities like $ \Delta s $ and $ \Delta \Sigma $ are much more affected .
In this paper , the author considers the numerical computation of CVA for large systems by Mote Carlo methods .	He introduces two types of stochastic mesh methods for the computations of CVA .
We consider toroidal compactifications of pure SU ( N ) Yang-Mills theories and of maximally supersymmetric Yang-Mills theories dimensionally reduced to 0+1 or 1+1 dimensions , and generalizations of such theories where the adjoint fields are massive .	We describe the phase structure of these theories as a function of the gauge coupling , the geometry of the compact space and the mass parameters .
We explore the phase diagram of the strongly correlated Hubbard model with intrinsic spin orbit coupling on the honeycomb lattice .	We obtain the low energy effective model describing the spin degree of freedom .
Specifically we consider Lyman-break galaxies at z\sim4 and at z\sim5 , and Lyman-Alpha emitters at z\simeq 4.86 .	We adopt a halo occupation function prescription to parameterize the properties of their hosting halos and the efficiency of halo-dependent star formation .
We describe the mid-infrared , near-infrared and radio selection criteria used to find a population of redshift z~2 type-2 quasars which we previously argued suggests that most supermassive black hole growth in the Universe is obscured ( Martinez-Sansigre et al. , 2005 ) .	We present the optical spectra obtained from the William Herschel Telescope , and we compare the narrow emission line luminosity , radio luminosity and maximum size of jets to those of objects from radio-selected samples .
The approach provides the means to follow the quantum dynamics in both space-time and energy-momentum , starting from an arbitrary initial configuration of high-momentum quarks and gluons .	Using a generalized functional integral representation and adopting the `closed-time-path ' Green function techniques , a self-consistent set of equations of motions is obtained : a Ginzburg-Landau equation for a possible color background field , and Dyson-Schwinger equations for the 2-point functions of the gluon and quark fields .
We observe an excess of Bs - & gt ; mu+ mu- candidates with respect to the background expectation .	The probability that the background could produce such an excess or larger is 5.3 x 10^-4 corresponding to a signal significance of 3.5 standard deviations .
Seven sources with significant 350 MHz polarization were selected for a more in-depth Faraday structure analysis .	We fit the observed values Q/I and U/I as a function of lambda^2 using both a depolarizing screen and two component models .
We demonstrate that the shape of wave packet at arbitrary time depends on correlation between the initial electron amplitudes $ \psi_1 ( \vec r,0 ) $ and $ \psi_2 ( \vec r,0 ) $ on the sublattices $ A $ and $ B $ correspondingly ( i.e.pseudospin polarization ) .	For the transverse pseudospin polarization the motion of the center of wave packet occurs in the direction perpendicular to the average momentum $ { \vec p_0 } =\hbar \vec { k_0 } $ .
One of the next decade 's most exciting prospects is to explore the cosmic `` dark ages , '' during which the first stars in the Universe formed , with the 21 cm line of neutral hydrogen .	At z & gt ; 6 , this light redshifts into the low-frequency radio regime and can be observed with new generations of wide-field arrays .
The relatively small-scale , moderate compressions generated by intrinsic instabilities in line-driving seem unlikely to give such large porosity lengths , leaving again the prospect of instead having to invoke a substantial ( ca .	factor 5 ) downward revision in assumed mass-loss rates .
The coating dramatically reduces the reflectance and greatly enhances the transmittance over a wide range of incidence angles and a narrow bandwidth .	Antireflection is achieved by tailoring the magnitude and phase shifts of waves reflected and transmitted at metamaterial boundaries , resulting in a destructive interference in reflection and constructive interference in transmission .
Each algorithm has particular characteristics , which are analysed in the paper , namely in what cases they can be used with advantage .	To test their practicality , both approaches were applied on the problem of fault detection in an induction motor .
The expectation value of this operator signals monopole condensation and is an order parameter for deconfinement as in the case of fermions in the fundamental representation .	We find a sharp first order deconfinement transition .
This allows us to adapt the formalism developed for Euclidean and deterministic fractal lattices to the chemical language , and an asymptotic series for $ S_N ( t ) $ analogous to that found for the non-disordered media is proposed here .	The main term is equal to the number of sites ( volume ) inside a `` hypersphere '' in the chemical space of radius $ L [ \ln ( N ) /c ] ^ { 1/v } $ where L is the root-mean-square chemical displacement of a single random walker , and v and c determine how fast $ 1-\Gamma_t ( \ell ) $ ( the probability that a given site at chemical distance $ \ell $ from the origin is visited by a single random walker by time t ) decays for large values of $ \ell/L $ : $ 1-\Gamma_t ( \ell ) \sim \exp [ -c ( \ell/L ) ^v ] $ .
For reliable event reconstruction of Imaging Atmospheric Cherenkov Telescopes ( IACTs ) , calibration of the optical throughput efficiency is required .	Within current facilities , this is achieved through the use of ring shaped images generated by muons .
We find that the exponent $ \beta $ of the quasiparticle weight , $ Z\simeq N^ { -\beta } $ is different for the two cases , and proportional to their respective phaseshifts at the Fermi surface ; we present a simple physical argument for this difference .	We also show that these exponents describe the low energy behavior of the spectral function , for repulsive as well as attractive interaction .
parts per billion , leading to the determination of the weak mixing angle \sin^2\theta_W^eff = 0.2397 +/- 0.0010 ( stat . )	+/- 0.0008 ( syst .
In this paper , a posteriori error estimates of functional type for a stationary diffusion problem with nonsymmetric coefficients are derived .	The estimate is guaranteed and does not depend on any particular numerical method .
A nuclear stellar cluster is slightly resolved in the J and H band with increasing contribution to the NIR continuum from the K to the J band .	The stellar absorption lines are extended compared to the neighboring continuum suggesting a cluster size of ~ 70pc FWHM .
Measuring the mass composition of ultra-high energy cosmic rays is one of the main tasks in the cosmic rays field .	Here we are exploring the composition signature in the coherent electromagnetic emission from extensive air showers , detected in the MHz frequency range .
We present an extensive study of its dynamics on complex networks , that can be considered as the most natural topological embedding for agents involved in language games and opinion dynamics .	Except for some community structured networks on which metastable phases can be observed , agents playing the Naming Game always manage to reach a global consensus .
Using an independent lensing map , derived from Planck observations , to measure the cross-spectrum , we find excellent agreement with the SPT analysis .	The bias of the combined sample of Type 1 and 2 quasars determined in this work is similar to that previously determined for Type 1 quasars alone ; we conclude that that obscured and unobscured quasars must trace the matter field in a similar way .
A new method that accurately describes strongly correlated states and captures dynamical correlation is presented .	It is derived as a modification of coupled-cluster theory with single and double excitations ( CCSD ) through consideration of particle distinguishability between dissociated fragments , whilst retaining the key desirable properties of particle-hole symmetry , size extensivity , invariance to rotations within the occupied and virtual spaces , and exactness for two-electron subsystems .
As a consequence , one can engineer singularities in the density of quasienergy states by tuning an external control .	We show that the density of levels exhibits logarithmic divergences at the saddle points , while jumps are due to local minima of the quasienergy landscape .
In this paper we show without the use of global moduli spaces that the Jacquet-Langlands correspondence for supercuspidal representations is realized by the Euler-Poincare characteristic of the cohomology .	Under a certain finiteness assumption on the cohomology groups , it is shown that the correspondence is realized in only one degree .
Previous work by the authors ( this journal , \vol { 60 } ( 2008 ) , 1009-1044 ) produced equations that hold on certain loci of the Jacobian of a cyclic $ C_ { rs } $ curve .	A curve of this type generalizes elliptic curves , and the equations in question are given in terms of ( Klein 's ) generalization of Weierstrass ' $ \sigma $ -function .
We generalize our calculations to periodic arrangements of junctions , demonstrating that they can be used for tunable band engineering , forming what we call a quantum circuit crystal .	Two applications are discussed in detail .
$ \beta $ -decay and electron capture rates on chromium isotopes significantly affect the time rate of change of lepton fraction ( $ \dot { Y_ { e } } $ ) .	Fine-tuning of this parameter is one of the key for simulating a successful supernova explosion .
( $ ii $ ) The inverted mass hierarchy ( $ m , -m,0 $ ) at the high scale fails in generating the LMA solution but it can lead to the LOW or vacuum solutions .	( $ iii $ ) The $ \Delta_ { odot } $ generated in models with maximal solar mixing at a high scale is zero to the lowest order in the radiative parameter .
With an enhancement factor of 9.5 to the electron-ion Coulomb collision frequency , 12 % reduction in the antenna radius , and the same other conditions as employed in the experiment , the solver produces axial and radial profiles of wave amplitude and phase that are consistent with measurements .	Ion-acoustic turbulence , which can happen if electron drift velocity exceeds the speed of sound in magnetized plasmas , may account for the factor of 9.5 used to match simulated results with experimental data .
We also present an on-line coloring heuristic which achieves a competitive ratio of 6 for unit disk graphs .	Our heuristics do not need a geometric representation of unit disk graphs .
The smooth differential forms , in discrete setting , are mirrored by cochains on the primal and dual complexes , while the discrete exterior derivative is defined to be the coboundary operator .	This approach of discrete differential geometry , rather than discretizing the partial differential equations , allows to first discretize the underlying Stokes-Dirac structure and then to impose the corresponding finite-dimensional port-Hamiltonian dynamics .
Main attention is paid to the transmission in dependence on various parameters of the model with two types of rough-surface profiles ( symmetric and antisymmetric ) .	It is shown that depending on the symmetry , basic mechanisms of scattering can be either enhanced or suppressed .
As reference motion of the same system without vibrations a circular orbit around the central body is considered .	The vibrations induce a perturbation on this motion , whose period is close to the orbital period , in agreement with the simpler situation of the Shirokov effect \cite { Shirokov:1973gr } .
It was shown that tunneling current flowing through a system with Coulomb correlations leads to charge redistribution between the different localized states .	Simple model consisting of two electron levels have been analyzed by means of Heisenberg motion equations taking into account all order correlations of electron filling numbers in localized states exactly .
A total dominating set of a graph $ G $ is a set $ D $ of vertices of $ G $ such that every vertex of $ G $ has a neighbor in $ D $ .	A locating-total dominating set of $ G $ is a total dominating set $ D $ of $ G $ with the additional property that every two distinct vertices outside $ D $ have distinct neighbors in $ D $ ; that is , for distinct vertices $ u $ and $ v $ outside $ D $ , $ N ( u ) \cap D \ne N ( v ) \cap D $ where $ N ( u ) $ denotes the open neighborhood of $ u $ .
Borrowing some terminology from pro-p groups , thin Lie algebras are N-graded Lie algebras of width two and obliquity zero , generated in degree one .	In particular , their homogeneous components have degree one or two , and they are termed diamonds in the latter case .
This low-intensity , intermediate-frequency alternating electric field is known as the tumor-treating-field ( TTF ) .	In the framework of this model the efficiency of this TTF is estimated , and the interplay between the TTF and the migration-proliferation dichotomy of cancer cells is considered .
Here we report on 3 nm thick NbN layers of weakly connected superconducting islands , overlayed with 10 nm thick $ \rm Bi_2Se_3 $ film which facilitates enhanced proximity coupling between them .	Resistance versus temperature of the most resistive bilayers shows insulating behavior but with signs of superconductivity .
An integer relation algorithm is a computational scheme to find the $ n $ integers $ a_k $ , if they exist , such that $ a_1 x_1 + a_2 x_2 + ... + a_n x_n= 0 $ .	In the past few years , integer relation algorithms have been utilized to discover new results in mathematics and physics .
In this paper , four substrates including fused silica ( SiO2 ) , silver-film coated SiO2 , graphite ( C ) and fiber optic plate ( FOP ) are used to fabricate CsI ( Tl ) screens by thermal evaporation .	Their imaging performance is evaluated by relative light output ( RLO ) , modulation transfer function ( MTF ) , normalized noise power spectrum ( NNPS ) and noise equivalent quanta ( NEQ ) .
Rare close binaries hosting giant planets offer therefore an ideal laboratory to explore the properties and the stability of such extreme planetary systems .	In the course of our CFHT and VLT coronographic imaging survey dedicated to the search for faint companions of exoplanet host stars , a close ( about 20 AU ) secondary stellar companion to the exoplanet host HD196885 A was discovered .
We find FeII* emission in composite spectra assembled on the basis of different galaxy properties , indicating that FeII* emission is prevalent at z = 1 .	In these composites , FeII* emission is observed at roughly the systemic velocity .
Indeed they appear elongated orthogonally to each other .	In this work the complex structure of the galaxy is investigated by a detailed photometric decomposition of optical and near-infrared images .
We show that , although the direct effect of inhibitory nodes is to decrease activity , the collective dynamics becomes self-sustaining .	We explain this counterintuitive result by defining and analyzing a `` branching function '' which may be thought of as an activity-dependent branching ratio .
As simple examples , we find minimal generalizations of the S-dualities discovered in SU ( 2 ) gauge theory with four fundamental flavors by Seiberg and Witten and in SU ( 3 ) gauge theory with six fundamental flavors by Argyres and Seiberg .	Our constructions start by weakly gauging diagonal SU ( 2 ) and SU ( 3 ) flavor symmetry subgroups of two copies of a particular rank-one Argyres-Douglas theory ( along with sufficient numbers of hypermultiplets to guarantee conformality of the gauging ) .
In order to bridge these two disparate approaches one needs to develop simplified descriptions of dynamics and topological measures which address the propagation of signals in molecular networks .	Here , we consider the directed network of protein regulation in E. coli , characterizing its modularity in terms of its potential to transmit signals .
We present a formalism to calculate the macroscopic magnetoelectric monopolization from first principles within the density functional theory framework .	An expression for the monopolization in the case of insulating collinear magnetism is derived first in terms of spin-polarized Wannier functions then recast as a Berry phase .
A graph is said to be \emph { chordless } if there is no cycle in the graph that has a chord .	Faudree , Gy\'arf\'as , Schelp and Tuza~ [ The Strong Chromatic Index of Graphs , Ars Combin. , 29B ( 1990 ) , pp.~205 -- 211 ] considered a particular subclass of chordless graphs , namely the class of graphs in which all the cycle lengths are multiples of four , and asked whether the strong chromatic index of these graphs can be bounded by a linear function of the maximum degree .
Furthermore , realistic fermion mass hierarchies and flavor mixings with the CP violating phase can be reproduced by introducing the 4D brane localized fields and their interactions .	E_7 GUT can produce all Yukawa interactions by introducing only adjoint matter hyper-multiplet in the bulk .
Most interesting is the case of two constrictions tuned to resonance , where we obtain Kondo behavior , with a tunable Kondo temperature .	Moving away from resonance gives the possibility of a metal-insulator transition at some finite detuning .
We also find an upper limit on the stau lifetime of $ 3\times10^4 \sec $ , which is nearly an order of magnitude larger than the simple limit $ 5\times 10^3 \sec $ often used to avoid the effect of bound-state catalysis .	The bound on $ \treh $ is relaxed to $ \lsim { \rm a few } \times 10^8\gev $ when we use a more conservative bound on $ { ^6 } { \rm Li } / { ^7 } { \rm Li } $ , in which case a new region at small stau mass at $ \sim 100\gev $ and much longer lifetimes opens up .
The amplifier noise of black holes acting as amplifiers on the quantum fields living in the spacetime surrounding the black hole is the radiation discovered by Hawking .	For any amplifier , that quantum noise is completely characterized by the attributes of the system regarded as a classical amplifier , and arises out of those classical amplification factors and the commutation relations of quantum mechanics .
A design of Metallic Field Effect Transistor using 2D metallic films was presented , and an estimate for electric field effect was given .	It was emphasized that 2D metallic nanostructures may show completely different properties than bulk metals and are in essence novel materials .
These are , typically , `` cosmopolitan/non-provincial '' areas -- such as the French capital , Paris -- which send and receive people relatively broadly across their respective nations .	Additionally , this two-stage procedure -- which `` might very well be the most successful application of cluster analysis '' ( R. C. Dubes ) -- has detected many ( physically or socially ) isolated groups ( regions ) of areas , such as those forming the southern islands , Shikoku and Kyushu , of Japan , the Italian islands of Sardinia and Sicily , and the New England region of the United States .
Moreover we classify these techniques into two ample sub-categories .	Under this classification , we identify , review , compare , and highlight these techniques and their pros and cons .
By virtue of the lattice result stating that the infrared asymptotic behaviours of these functions should have the same functional form , the obtained relation enables one to find these behaviours , as well as the infrared asymptotics of the bilocal correlator of densities of the vortex loops .	Those turn out to be exponentials , decreasing at the inverse mass of the dual vector boson , times certain polynomials in the inverse integer powers of the distance .
In contrast , Jc ( theta ) showed a broad maximum at theta=90 degree , which arises from intrinsic pinning .	All data except at theta=90 degree can be scaled by the Blatter plot .
Following the resonance field angular dependence , we also demonstrate the possibility of controlling the magnetic anisotropy of the film by applying relatively small voltages to the actuator .	Moreover , a suitable model taking into account the effective elastic strains measured by digital image correlation and the effective elastic coefficients measured by Brillouin light scattering , allowed to deduce the magnetostrictive coefficient .
This refutes the conjecture made by Saks and Wigderson that for any Boolean function $ f $ , $ R_0 ( f ) =\Omega ( { D ( f ) } ) ^ { 0.753.. } $ .	This also shows widest separation between $ R_1 ( f ) $ and $ D ( f ) $ for any Boolean function .
We first describe a simple projected mass estimator and then develop an approach that evaluates directly the likelihood of the discrete kinematic data given the model predictions .	Those predictions may come from any dynamical modelling approach , and we implement an analytic King model , a spherical isotropic Jeans equation model and an axisymmetric , anisotropic Jeans equation model.We apply these approaches to the enigmatic globular cluster omega Centauri , combining the proper motion from van Leeuwen et al ( 2000 ) with improved photometric cluster membership probabilities .
I discuss two ongoing surveys for faint quasars at 3.3 & lt ; z & lt ; 5 and 5 & lt ; z & lt ; 6 using imaging data from the Big Throughput Camera on the CTIO 4m .	I also discuss a sample of faint spectroscopically selected AGN with z & lt ; 4.7 found serendipitously in the CNOC2 Field Galaxy Redshift Survey .
( 2003 ) and Schachermayer ( 2004 ) .	We provide a dual formulation for the set of initial endowments which allow to super-hedge some American claim .
( 2015 ) discovered a supermassive black hole binary ( SMBHB ) candidate and identified the detected 5.2 yr period of the optical variability as the orbital period of the binary .	Hydrodynamical simulations predict multiple periodic components for the variability of SMBHBs , thus raising the possibility that the true period of the binary is different from 5.2 yr. We analyse the periodogram of PG1302 and find no compelling evidence for additional peaks .
From radio follow-up observations with Arecibo , Jodrell Bank , Green Bank , and Parkes , we have measured the spin-down and binary parameters of the pulsar and its basic spectral and polarization properties .	We also present evidence for pulse profile evolution , which is likely due to geodetic precession , a relativistic effect caused by the misalignment of the pulsar spin and total angular momentum vectors .
Dimensionality reduction is usually performed in a preprocessing stage that is separate from subsequent data analysis , such as clustering or classification .	Finding reduced-dimension representations that are well-suited for the intended task is more appealing .
The roots of given norm are parameterized in terms of a hypotrochoid curve along a $ \mathbb { C } $ -slice of the space of trinomials , with multiple roots of this norm appearing exactly on the singularities .	As a main result , we show that the set of all trinomials with support $ A $ and certain roots of identical norm , as well as its complement can be deformation retracted to the torus knot $ K ( s+t , s ) $ , and thus are connected but not simply connected .
In this paper we develop estimation procedure for critical point of division the structure change of a time series .	Moreover we propose three tests for recognition such specific behavior .
Recent studies have proposed to use optical variability or near-IR colors to improve the identifications of the missing quasars in this redshift range .	Here we present a case study by combining both factors .
From the fourth layer , Fe segregation is suppressed , and a pure Mn surface appears .	Accordingly , spectroscopic measurements revealed the electronic difference between the surface alloy and Mn layers .
This becomes evident when studying different spatial scales within galaxies .	We investigate the correlation between the infrared ( IR ) and free-free/synchrotron radio continuum emission at 20 cm from the two local group galaxies M31 and M33 on spatial scales between 0.4 and 10 kpc .
On the other hand , for larger pulse areas , carrier-wave Rabi flopping occurs , and is associated with a more complex structure in the third harmonic .	These new characteristics observed in K atoms indicate the breakdown of the area theorem , as was already demonstrated under similar circumstances in narrow band gap semiconductors .
Here the weights model the relative importance of different groups of variables .	The error criterion used is the deterministic worst case error .
As potential applications , this system can function as high-efficiency photon turnstiles .	In contrast to [ B. Dayan \textit { et al .
The difference gives a thickness for Titan 's atmosphere of 880 $ \pm $ 60 km .	This is the first measurement of Titan 's atmospheric extent at X-ray wavelengths .
The analysis of the X-ray and optical eclipse duration and hard X-ray spectra obtained by { \it INTEGRAL } together with optical spectroscopy obtained on the 6-m telescope allows us to construct a model of SS433 as a massive X-ray binary .	X-ray eclipse in hard X-rays has a depth of $ \sim 80 % $ and extended wings .
For low fields , the ordered Eu moments are aligned along the c-axis , and a spin-flop is observed near 5.4T at 5K .	The moment is not saturated in an applied field of 13T at 5K , which is uncommon for compounds containing Eu^ { 2+ } .
These are explained theoretically first time by Schamel et.al [ Phys.Scr .	20 , 336 ( 1979 ) and Phys .
In particular , such an approach is applied to an isomorphic model of localized Fermi particles interacting via an intersite Coulomb interaction .	A complete set of eigenoperators is found together with the corresponding eigenvalues .
Autotuning is an established technique for optimizing the performance of parallel applications .	However , programmers must prepare applications for autotuning , which is tedious and error prone coding work .
But the relation of spherical functions of types of dimension bigger than one with classical analysis , has not been worked out even in the case of an example of a rank one pair .	The entries of $ H $ are solutions of two systems of ordinary differential equations .
The dependence of the critical input power on the physical parameters is analyzed .	For a driving force with higher amplitude chaotic behavior is observed .
This theory can naturally produce the SM Higgs fields with the right quantum numbers while predicting the value of the weak mixing angle sin^2 theta_W = 0.25 at the tree-level , close to the experimentally observed one .	The quartic scalar coupling for the Higgs is generated by the higher dimensional gauge interaction and predicts the existence of a light Higgs .
Such a possibility can be probed experimentally by the observation at colliders of a singlet charged Higgs particle and of RH neutrinos .	Other mechanisms which may lead to successful leptogenesis from the RH lepton sector interactions are also briefly presented .
We show that a hot electron-scattering atmosphere is more reflective than a cold one : the fraction of incident photons which become reflected having suffered a single scattering event can be larger by up to 50 per cent in the former case .	This should affect the photon exchange between cold accretion disks and hot coronae or ADAF flows in the vicinity of relativistic compact objects ; as well as the rate of cooling ( through multiple inverse-Compton scattering of seed photons supplied from outside ) of optically thick clouds of relativistic electrons in compact radiosources .
If such mass loss was due to tidal stripping , gas expulsion , or tidal interaction with the birth environment , there should be clear correlations between the fraction of enriched stars and other cluster properties , whereas the observations show a remarkably uniform enriched fraction of $ 0.68\pm0.07 $ ( from 33 observed GCs ) .	If interpreted in the heavy mass loss paradigm , this means that all GCs lost the same fraction of their initial mass ( between $ 95-98 $ \ % ) , regardless of their mass , metallicity , location at birth or subsequent migration , or epoch of formation .
We discuss our implementation and tests of this algorithm and suggest a modification that increases its efficiency by reducing autocorrelations .	We then show how the worm algorithm can be applied to calculate the critical temperature of an imbalanced Fermi gas ( unequal number of fermions in the two spin components ) .
We show that this CRN completes in expected time O ( n ) , where n is the total number of input molecules .	This time bound is slower than the O ( log^5 n ) achieved in [ 1 ] , but faster than the O ( n log n ) achieved by the direct construction of [ 1 ] ( Theorem 4.1 in the latest online version of [ 1 ] ) , since the fast construction of that paper ( Theorem 4.4 ) relied heavily on the use of a fast , error-prone CRN that computes arbitrary computable functions , and which crucially uses a leader .
We study the mean length $ \ell ( k ) $ of the shortest paths between a vertex of degree $ k $ and other vertices in growing networks , where correlations are essential .	In a number of deterministic scale-free networks we observe a power-law correction to a logarithmic dependence , $ \ell ( k ) = A\ln [ N/k^ { ( \gamma-1 ) /2 } ] - C k^ { \gamma-1 } /N + ... $ in a wide range of network sizes .
We find that their potential contribution is generally comparable to the instrumental noise , and approaches the CMB anisotropy level at small angular scales .	Forthcoming CMB missions , which will provide a large statistical sample of inverted-spectra sources , will be crucial for determining the distribution of hot accretion flows in nearby quiescent galactic nuclei .
The other 7 micron and almost all 15 micron sources are identified as lensed distant galaxies .	Thanks to the gravitational amplification they constitute the faintest MIR detected sources , allowing us to extend the number counts in both the 7 and 15 micron bands .
We find that the most general trade-off relation between work fluctuation and dissipation applicable to arbitrary nonequilibrium processes is bounded from below by the information distance characterizing how far the system is from thermal equilibrium .	The minimum amount of dissipation is found to be given in terms of the relative entropy and the Renyi divergence , both of which quantify the information distance between the state of the system and the canonical distribution .
For this purpose we derive a novel illumination-invariant distance measure between 2D photo and projected 3D model , which is then minimised to find the best pose parameters .	Results for vehicle pose detection are presented .
It completes the algorithm for generating uncorrelated networks that was suggested by other authors .	In this paper we also carefully analyze the interplay between hidden attributes and node degrees .
We present theoretical results and predictions for the order parameter , the quasiparticle excitation spectrum and the free energy for thin films of superfluid He-3 .	Both specular and diffuse scattering by a substrate are considered , while the free surface is assumed to be a perfectly reflecting specular boundary .
This work studies the optical emission line properties of a sample of 155 low-redshift bright X-ray selected ROSAT Seyfert~1 type AGN for which adequate signal-to-noise ratio spectroscopic observations are available .	We measured emission line properties by performing multi-component fits to the emission line profiles , covering the effect of blended iron emission .
A new technique for calculating the normal forms associated with the map restricted to the center manifold of a class of parameterized maps near the fixed point is given first .	Then we show the Takens-Bogdanov point of delay differential equations is inherited by the forward Euler method without any shift and turns into a 1:1 resonance point .
This model corresponds to a thermal average over all spin configurations in the presence of staggered or uniform magnetic fields .	On the other hand we consider a definite spin state characterized by the angle between the spins on different sublattices , i.e a classical spin system in an external magnetic field .
Here , we provide direct evidence of the role of structural dynamics , with selective atomic motions ( buckling of copper-oxygen planes ) , in the anisotropic electronlattice coupling .	The transient structures were determined using time-resolved electron diffraction , following carrier excitation with polarized femtosecond heating pulses , and examined for different dopings and temperatures .
We assume that the perturbations are generated by the vacuum fluctuations of a scalar field slowly rolling down its potential , and that the transition into the subsequent epoch takes place much faster than a Hubble time .	The behaviour of the superhorizon perturbations corresponding to cosmological scales in this case is well known .
Inspired by this , we take advantage of the modeling and solving capacities of Answer Set Programming ( ASP ) to automatically determine more refined , that is , non-uniform and ordered solver schedules from existing benchmarking data .	We begin by formulating the determination of such schedules as multi-criteria optimization problems and provide corresponding ASP encodings .
Our objective is to design control pulses that can transport an electron along a chain of donors , and also make this process robust to parameter uncertainties .	We formulate it as a set of optimal control problems on the special unitary group SU ( n ) , and derive explicit expressions for the gradients of the aggregate transfer fidelity .
Let $ ( i\gamma^\mu\partial_\mu - \mathcal { B } ) \psi=0 $ be the Dirac equation .	We prove that a non-quantized Bose field $ \mathcal { B } $ is a functional of the Dirac field $ \psi $ , whenever this $ \psi $ is strictly canonical .
The problem of computing sum of sources over a multiple access channel ( MAC ) is considered .	Building on the technique of linear computation coding ( LCC ) proposed by Nazer and Gastpar [ 2007 ] , we employ the ensemble of nested coset codes to derive a new set of sufficient conditions for computing the sum of sources over an \textit { arbitrary } MAC .
How can unlabeled video augment visual learning ?	Existing methods perform `` slow '' feature analysis , encouraging the representations of temporally close frames to exhibit only small differences .
In the valon model , it is assumed that a nucleon is composed of three dressed valence quarks : the valons which have their own internal structure , the valence quark with its associated sea quarks and gluons .	The results are in good agreement with all available data from SMC , E143 , HERMES and with the newly released data from COMPASS experiments .
( PL 112B , ( 1982 ) ) ending in a critical point associated with vorticity .	We find evidence for a new renormalized trajectory which is responsible for a cross-over from the vortex dominated regime to the O ( 3 ) regime as the coupling is reduced .
In particular , our fabrication process is compatible with conventional sputtering and liftoff , and does not require aggressive ion milling which may be detrimental to the oxide thin films .	Structural and magnetic properties indicate good qualities , in particular low magnetic damping of both films and patterned structures .
It is now generally agreed that some process prevents the diffuse gas in galaxy clusters from cooling significantly , although there is less agreement about the nature of this process .	I suggest that cluster gas may be heated by a natural extension of the mechanism establishing the $ \mbh-\sigma $ and $ \mbh - M_ { \rm bulge } $ relations in galaxies , namely outflows resulting from super -- Eddington accretion on to the galaxy 's central black hole .
This area ( +40 deg & lt ; b , 70 deg & lt ; l & lt ; 250 deg ) is the best presently available data set probing the medium-hard extragalactic X-ray background around 1 keV .	No significant correlation on astrophysically relevant scales has been found in this analysis , but it will be possible to infer constraints from the limits .
The method requires solution of a boundary value problem with a mixed ( hyperbolic and elliptic ) character .	We present here a new numerical method for such problems , based on three innovations : ( i ) a coordinate system adapted to the geometry of the problem , ( ii ) an expansion in multipole moments of these coordinates and a filtering out of higher moments , and ( iii ) the replacement of the continuum multipole moments with their analogs for a discrete grid .
McPherson , 1967 ) is generalized .	The sequence of random numbers is analyzed explicitly not just via their n-tupel distributions .
Update : A time-independent $ n\times n $ PT-symmetric ( and symmetric ) Hamiltonian is diagonalizable since it has all distinct real eigenvalues and the resulting diagonal matrix is a real symmetric matrix .	The diagonalization results an isometry so there should n't be any issue with unitarity and unfortunately this very elementary mathematical fact somehow did not draw the authors ' attention .
This is implied by two results obtained in this paper : 1 ) If r is a multiple of 8 , one possible holomorphic extension is given by the lattice vertex operator algebra for the even self dual lattice $ D_r^+ $ with shifted stress tensor .	2 ) We classify Lagrangian algebras in SF ( h ) , a ribbon category associated to symplectic fermions .
As preprocessing of quantum error correction , our scheme estimates the current noise level through a negligible amount of classical computation using error syndromes and updates the decoder 's knowledge on the spot before inferring the locations of errors .	This preprocessing requires no additional quantum interaction or modification in the system .
We measure the Brillouin gain spectra in two cores ( the central core and one of the outer cores ) of a ~3-m-long , silica-based , 7-core multi-core fiber ( MCF ) with incident light of 1550 nm wavelength , and investigate the Brillouin frequency shift ( BFS ) and its dependence on strain and temperature .	The BFSs of both the cores are ~10.92 GHz , and the strain- and temperature-dependence coefficients of the BFS in the central core are 484.8 MHz/ % and 1.08 MHz/K , respectively , whereas those in the outer core are 516.9 MHz/ % and 1.03 MHz/K .
We consider reversible lazy chains .	We prove a necessary and sufficient condition for the occurrence of the cutoff phenomena in terms of concentration of hitting time of `` worst '' ( in some sense ) sets of stationary measure at least $ \alpha $ , for some $ \alpha \in ( 0,1 ) $ .
The arrival times at both frequencies display a jitter of 100 microseconds within the window defined by the average main pulse profile and are tightly correlated .	This tight correlation places limits on both the emission mechanism and on frequency dependent propagation within the magnetosphere .
At least 25 per cent of massive stars are ejected from their parent cluster , becoming runaways or exiles , travelling with often-supersonic space velocities through the interstellar medium ( ISM ) .	Their overpressurised H II regions impart kinetic energy and momentum to the ISM , compress and/or evaporate dense clouds , and can constrain properties of both the star and the ISM .
Starting from the microscopic model of the isotropic Dirac semi-metal , the Ginzburg-Landau energy for this field is derived using the Gor'kov technique .	It was found that the transversal coherence length is much smaller than the longitudinal despite the isotropy .
Bayesian classification provides practical learning algorithms and prior knowledge and observed data can be combined .	Bayesian Classification provides a useful perspective for understanding and evaluating many learning algorithms .
However , the existing formalisms for the description of these invariants do not provide full characterization as they either only focus on the flux-centric or the concentration-centric view .	Here we develop a novel mathematical framework which combines both views and thereby overcomes the limitations of the classical methodologies .
We show that the q-deformed W ( 2,2 ) algebra is a Hom-Lie algebra .	Also , we establish a one-to-one correspondence between the equivalence classes of one dimensional central extensions of a Hom-Lie algebra and its second cohomology group , leading us to determine the second cohomology group of the q-deformed W ( 2,2 ) algebra .
As a consequence , we find that these two sets of form factors have the same signs and correlated $ q^2 $ -dependence behaviors .	At $ q^2=0 $ point , the $ B\to T $ form factors are smaller than the $ B\to V $ ones , in accordance with the experimental data of radiative B decays .
Both the kink radius and the radius of the divot center depend on the strength scaling law in the gravity regime for Kuiper belt objects .	These simulations suggest that the sky density of r ~1 km objects is ~10^6-10^7 objects per square degree .
We discuss recent progress in understanding the launching of outflows/jets from the disc-magnetosphere boundary of slowly and rapidly rotating magnetized stars .	In most of the discussed models the interior of the disc is assumed to have a turbulent viscosity and magnetic diffusivity ( as described by two `` alpha '' parameters ) , whereas the coronal region outside of the disc is treated using ideal magnetohydrodynamics ( MHD ) .
We perform a quantitative analysis of its optical spectrum in order to measure important observables of the star such as its mass , effective temperature , luminosity and He , C , N , and O abundances .	Comparing these observed values to those predicted by the rotating evolutionary models of the Geneva group we find that none of the two sets of models is capable of reproducing the characteristics of the star .
We argue that this drop of density is accompanied by a sharp increase in the ionization parameter of the X-ray photosphere , and that the resulting imprint of the ISCO on the X-ray reflection spectrum can be used to constrain spin .	Motivated by this simulation , we construct a simplified toy-model of the accretion flow within the ISCO of a Kerr black hole , and use this model to estimate the systematic error on inferred black hole spin that may result from slight bleeding of the iron line emission to the region inside of the ISCO .
It is shown that the multilevel approach can reduce the computational complexity to achieve precision $ \epsilon $ , ensured by error estimates , essentially by one order ( in $ \epsilon^ { -1 } $ ) in comparison to established methods , which is substantial .	Computational examples support the validity of the theoretical analysis , demonstrating efficiency improvements in practice .
Up to 30 Rabi oscillations within 1.4 ms have been observed .	We find a similar number of Rabi oscillations after preparation of the ion in the |n=1 & gt ; Fock state .
Many modern applications require the evaluation of analytical queries on large amounts of data .	Such queries entail joins and heavy aggregations that often include user-defined functions ( UDFs ) .
We show that for $ p & gt ; 1 $ the measures $ \nu ( p , -1 ) $ and $ \nu ( p,0 ) $ are certain free convolution powers of the Bernoulli distribution .	Finally we prove that the binomial sequence $ \binom { np+r } { n } $ is positive definite if and only if either $ p\geq 1 $ , $ -1\leq r\leq p-1 $ or $ p\leq 0 $ , $ p-1\leq r \leq 0 $ .
First an ensemble of probe molecules is designed with respect to the target biomolecule .	The recognition ability of the probe ensemble is then investigated by calculating the free energy of association .
Assuming it to be valid at arbitrary ( higher ) order , we express the Lagrangian displacement field in terms of the perturbative kernels of SPT , which are itself given by their own and well-known recursion relation .	We argue that the Lagrangian solution always contains more non-linear information in comparison with the SPT solution , ( mainly ) if the non-perturbative density contrast is restored after the displacement field is obtained .
All this clearly depends on f and on E , and the questions that we discuss here are about the existence , for every f , or every f in some class , of `` substantial '' sets E such that f E has bounded total variation , is monotone , or satisfies a given modulus of continuity .	The notion of `` substantial '' that we use is that of either Hausdorff or Minkowski dimensions .
Typically , a neutron star is formed .	However , the observed properties of the expanding SN envelopes remnants make these objects very unlikely candidates for GRBs .
About 15 kpc north-east of this galaxy , a particularly complex region is found : the so-called Outer Filament where jet-cloud interactions have been proposed to occur .	We investigate the presence of signatures of jet-ISM interaction by a detailed study of the kinematics of the ionized gas , expanding on previous results obtained from the HI .
Here we study the optical absorption of single- and few-layer molybdenum disulfide ( MoS2 ) in the spectral range from 1.24 eV to 3.22 eV ( 385 nm to 1000 nm ) by developing a hyperspectral imaging technique that allows one to probe the optical properties with diffraction limited spatial resolution .	We find hyperspectral imaging very suited to study indirect bandgap semiconductors , unlike photoluminescence that only provides high luminescence yield for direct gap semiconductors .
We consider a microstructure model for a financial asset , allowing for price discreteness and for a diffusive behavior at large sampling scale .	This model , introduced by Delattre and Jacod , consists in the observation at the high frequency $ n $ , with round-off error $ \alpha_n $ , of a diffusion on a finite interval .
The approximation reproduces main results of Takahashi 's modified spin-wave theory [ Phys.Rev .	B 40 , 2494 ( 1989 ) ] and is applicable in a wider temperature range .
This paper introduces calibrated representations for affine Hecke algebras and classifies and constructs all finite dimensional irreducible calibrated representations .	The primary technique is to provide indexing sets for controlling the weight space structure of finite dimensional modules for the affine Hecke algebra .
One of these size-based distances extends to geometric lattices the traditional Hamming distance between subsets , when these latter are regarded as hypercube vertexes or binary n-vectors .	After carefully framing the environment , a main comparison finally results from the following bounding problem : for every value k , with 0 & lt ; k & lt ; n , of partition-distance D ( . , .
From the analysis of SOAR spectroscopic data and related optical-NIR photometry , we confirm the existence of several very massive stars in the periphery of NGC 3603 .	The first group of objects ( MTT58 , WR42e and RFS7 ) is compound by three new Galactic exemplars of the OIf*/WN type , all of them with probable initial masses well above 100 Msun and estimated ages of about 1 Myr .
By then Einstein 's theories of relativity were well known , but no suitable metric was known .	Prior to introducing General Relativity we embark on a non-chronological derivation of the Robertson-Walker metric directly from Special Relativity and the Minkowski metric endowed with a Gaussian curvature .
The CDTP server and client tools are presented also as well as results of experiments .	Finally a bandwidth measurement technique is presented .
Similarly , the column density ratio N ( C ) /N ( CO ) is similar to that observed in the Orion Bar , but smaller than values obtained for starburst galaxies .	The [ CI ] line is found to be a more important coolant than the lowest three rotational transitions of CO for all the clouds in the sample .
No significant variation is detected over larger time scale of minute or more .	The intensity variations are described as sum of shots in the light curve , and the number distribution of the shots are found to be exponential function of the fluence and duration of the shots .
As young AGN ( quasars ) they are initially several magnitudes sub-luminous to mature galaxies but their luminosity gradually increases over 10^8 yrs , as z_ ( i ) decreases and they evolve into mature AGN ( Seyferts and radio galaxies ) .	Evidence presented here that low- and intermediate-redshift AGN are unquestionably sub-luminous to radio galaxies is then strong support for this model and makes it likely that the high-redshift AGN ( quasars ) are also sub-luminous , having simply been pushed above the radio galaxies on a logz-m_ ( v ) plot by the presence of a large intrinsic component in their redshifts .
Pure gauge lattice QCD at arbitrary D is considered .	Exact integration over link variables in an arbitrary D-volume leads naturally to an appearance of a set of surfaces filling the volume and gives an exact expression for functional of their boundaries .
In the bulk , two adjacent particles of different weights can swap places .	We prove a Matrix Ansatz for this model , in which different rates for the swaps are allowed .
Besides that , recent years have seen the publication of dynamic algorithms for efficient recomputation of betweenness in evolving networks .	In previous work we proposed the first semi-dynamic algorithms that recompute an approximation of betweenness in connected graphs after batches of edge insertions .
By studying the phase diagrams of the theory , we show that getting enough number of e-folds during a slow-roll inflation is fairly robust to the choice of initial gauge field values .	In addition , we present a detailed analysis of the cosmic perturbation theory in gauge-flation which has many special and interesting features compared the standard scalar-driven inflationary models .
In this paper , we explicitly construct large classes of incommensurable hyperbolic knot complements with the same volume and the same initial ( complex ) length spectrum .	Furthermore , we show that these knot complements are the only knot complements in their respective commensurabiltiy classes by analyzing their cusp shapes .
The largest strength of contention-based MAC protocols is simultaneously the largest weakness of their scheduled counterparts : the ability to adapt to changes in network conditions .	For scheduling to be competitive in mobile wireless networks , continuous adaptation must be addressed .
The mixing angle is determined by fitting the e+e- -- & gt ; pi+pi-pi+pi- cross section data of the Novosibirsk CMD-2 collaboration and also its combination with the low-energy part of the BaBar collaboration data .	It is shown that the inclusion of the a_1-pi intermediate states succeeds in obtaining a good agreement with the data on both cross section and the rho^0 -- & gt ; pi+pi-pi+pi- decay width .
The magnetic non-potentiality is important for understanding flares and other solar activities in active regions ( ARs ) .	Five non-potential parameters , i.e. , electric current , current helicity , source field , photospheric free energy , and angular shear , are calculated in this work to quantify the non-potentiality of NOAA AR 11158 .
When the strength of anisotropy increases , we find the system develops a Hall-smectic-like phase with a one-dimensional charge density wave order and is unstable towards the one-dimensional crystal in the strong anisotropy limit .	In all three phases of the Laughlin liquid , Hall-smectic-like , and crystal phases the ground state of the anisotropic Coulomb system can be well described by a family of model wave functions generated by an anisotropic projection Hamiltonian .
[ 9 ] showed that a query can be computed by a coordination-free relational transducer network iff it is monotone , thus answering in the affirmative a variant of Hellerstein 's CALM conjecture , based on a particular definition of coordination-free computation .	In this paper , we present three additional models for declarative networking .
A data-driven weight matrix is used to minimize the asymptotic variance .	Empirical process arguments show that the estimator is consistent and asymptotically normal .
We also show that this covariance can not be extended to spacetime transformations generated by differential operators whose coefficients are polynomials of order larger than one .	We compare our approach with the twist-deformed enveloping algebra description of spacetime transformations .
In a recent paper Pell'o et al .	have reported a candidate z=10 galaxy , A1835 # 1916 , which was found in a near-infrared survey of the central regions of the gravitational lensing cluster A1835 .
The tunneling approach , for entropy generation in quantum gravity , is shown to be valid when applied to 3-D general relativity .	The entropy of de Sitter and Reissner-Nordstr\ '' om external event horizons and of the 3-D black hole obtained by Ba\~nados et.al .
We show that Rabi frequencies are given by matrix elements of generalized coherent operators ( quant -- ph/0202081 ) under the rotating -- wave approximation .	In the first half we make a general review of coherent operators and generalized coherent ones based on Lie algebras su ( 1,1 ) and su ( 2 ) .
The 65 x 50 kpc X-ray nebula shares no resemblance with the tidal debris seen at optical wavelengths .	One notable exception is the small tidal arc 3.5 kpc south of the nucleus where excess soft X-ray continuum emission and Si XIII 1.8 keV line emission are detected , consistent with star formation and its associated alpha-element enhancement , respectively .
As a corollary , convergence within each class to an infinite i.i.d .	system implies asymptotic independence between different classes .
We investigate the local correlation betwen the 1.4 GHz radio continuum and 60 micron far-infrared ( FIR ) emission within the Large Magellanic Cloud ( LMC ) on spatial scales between 0.05 and 1.5 kpc .	On scales below ~1 kpc , the radio-FIR correlation is clearly better than the correlation of the cold gas tracers with either the radio or the FIR emission .
We found that vortex-solid states form for certain set of magnetic field , i.e. , the magnetic field with the flux quanta per plaquette $ f=p/q $ , where $ p $ and $ q $ are co-prime natural numbers .	For the system on the honeycomb lattice , we add the next-nearest neighbor complex hopping .
We describe and analyze the joint source/channel coding properties of a class of sparse graphical codes based on compounding a low-density generator matrix ( LDGM ) code with a low-density parity check ( LDPC ) code .	Our first pair of theorems establish that there exist codes from this ensemble , with all degrees remaining bounded independently of block length , that are simultaneously optimal as both source and channel codes when encoding and decoding are performed optimally .
The game characterizes the equivalence of pointed Kripke-models up to formulas of given numbers of modal operators and binary connectives .	Our game is similar to the well-known Adler-Immerman game .
In this paper , we first consider a Bayesian framework and model the `` utility function '' in terms of fuzzy random variables .	On the basis of this model , we define the `` prior ( fuzzy ) expected utility '' associated with each action , and the corresponding `` posterior ( fuzzy ) expected utility given sample information from a random experiment '' .
The calculations use familiar tools such as maximum likelihood values ( MLEs ) , observed information and parameter rescaling .	The usual evaluation of such $ p $ -values is by simulations , and such simulations do verify that the global distribution of the $ p $ -values is uniform ( 0 , 1 ) , to high accuracy in repeated sampling .
A 1 cm^2 CdZnTe detector was placed adjacent to a thick BGO anticoincidence shield and flown piggybacked onto the EXITE2 scientific balloon payload .	The planar shield was designed to veto background countsproduced by local gamma-ray production in passive material and neutron interactions in the detector .
This paper proposes a novel middle way using point processes that is both accurate and also results in easy-to-evaluate integral expressions based on the Laplace transform of the interference .	We assume mobiles and base stations are randomly placed in the network with each mobile pairing up to its closest base station .
We confirm that the STPR depends primarily on the current energy of the ions rather than on their charge z or absolute position in the medium .	However , STPRs for different sets of stopping-power data for water and air recommended by the International Commission on Radiation Units & amp ; Measurements ( ICRU ) are compared , including also the recently revised data for water , yielding deviations up to 2 % in the plateau region .
We show that it is a monoidal category and the monoids are Green functors .	Mackey functors are seen as providing a setting in which mere numerical equations occurring in the theory of groups can be given a structural foundation .
This on the one hand generalizes a known result by Ferrara , Girardello and Porrati while on the other hand allows to recover the multi-vector BI models from $ \mathcal { N } =2 $ supergravity as the end-point of a hierarchical limit in which the Planck mass first and then the supersymmetry breaking scale are sent to infinity .	We define , in the parent supergravity model , a new symplectic frame in which , in the rigid limit , manifest symplectic invariance is preserved and the electric and magnetic Fayet-Iliopoulos terms are fully originated from the dyonic components of the embedding tensor .
A nonmonotonic dependence of the stability threshold on the magnetic field is found at high frequencies of the vibrations .	The reasons of the decrease of the critical acceleration amplitude caused by a horizontal magnetic field are discussed .
After 25 years of quiescence , the microquasar V404 Cyg entered a new period of activity in June 2015 .	This X-ray source is known to undergo extremely bright and variable outbursts seen at all wavelengths .
Taking Mn doped Germanium as an example , we evoke the consideration of a two-band-like conduction in diluted ferromagnetic semiconductor ( FMS ) .	The main argument for claiming Ge : Mn as a FMS is the occurrence of the anomalous Hall effect ( AHE ) .
The predictive distribution can then be constructed by a Bayesian superposition of the optimal policies weighted by their posterior probability that is updated by Bayesian inference and causal calculus .	Here we discuss three important features of this approach .
We introduce the unique reduced minimal span form of a matrix and we obtain an expression for the unique reduced characteristic matrix .	Among new properties of characteristic matrices we prove that characteristic matrices are in duality if and only if they have orthogonal column spaces , and that the transpose of a characteristic matrix is again a characteristic matrix if and only if the characteristic matrix is reduced .
As is known quantum non-dynamical $ R $ -matrices of Baxter-Belavin type satisfy this equation .	Together with unitarity condition and skew-symmetry it provides the quantum Yang-Baxter equation and a set of identities useful for different applications in integrable systems .
We study a model where the customers incur not only congestion ( waiting ) costs but also penalties for their index of arrival .	Arriving before other customers is desirable when the value of service decreases with every admitted customer .
The work is relevant in the fields of stellar physics , physics of disks and formation of planetary systems .	Spectral energy distributions and mid-resolution spectra were used to estimate the effective temperature .
We observe an increased ~250 km/s velocity dispersion in the [ OI ] 63 micron , [ OIII ] 88 micron , [ NII ] 122 micron and [ CII ] 158 micron fine-structure lines that is spatially coincident with high excitation gas above and below the disk .	We model this with a slow ~200 km/s shock and trace the superwind to the edge of our field of view 2.5 kpc above the disk .
Let $ X $ be the matrix unit ball in $ M_ { n-r , r } ( \bbK ) $ consisting of contractive matrices .	As a symmetric space , $ X=G/K=O ( n-r , r ) /O ( n-r ) \times O ( r ) $ , $ U ( n-r , r ) /U ( n-r ) \times U ( r ) $ and respectively $ Sp ( n-r , r ) /Sp ( n-r ) \times Sp ( r ) $ .
In this chapter , we present the current state of knowledge of the physics of cratering and disruptive collisions in KBO analog materials .	We summarize the evidence for a rich collisional history in the Kuiper Belt and present the range possible physical modifications on individual objects .
From a computational point of view , Hunter ( 2004 ) has proposed efficient iterative MM ( minorization-maximization ) algorithms to perform maximum likelihood estimation for these generalized Bradley-Terry models whereas Bayesian inference is typically performed using MCMC ( Markov chain Monte Carlo ) algorithms based on tailored Metropolis-Hastings ( M-H ) proposals .	We show here that these MM\ algorithms can be reinterpreted as special instances of Expectation-Maximization ( EM ) algorithms associated to suitable sets of latent variables and propose some original extensions .
Strong numerical evidence is presented suggesting that all two-qubit mixed states are equivalent to X states by a single entanglement-preserving unitary ( EPU ) transformation , so that the concurrence of such an X state equals that of the original general state .	An X-state parameterization of a general two-qubit state is given , allowing all states to have their concurrence parametrically specified .
In present work , we demonstrate that these difficulties can be bypassed by performing the cross-correlation measurements .	We propose to use a pair of two-level detectors , weakly coupled to a collective mode of an electric circuit .
Time-resolved analysis of these spectra is the main method of extracting information from the data .	In this work , several techniques for temporal binning of GRB spectra are examined to understand the systematics associated with each with the goal of finding the best method ( s ) to bin lightcurves for analysis .
The special fibers of these models are subschemes of the affine Grassmannian .	We show that the new local models are smoothly equivalent to `` rank varieties '' of matrices , are flat , normal , with rational singularities and that their special fibers contain the expected Schubert strata .
We prove a structure theorem for the feasible solutions of the Arora-Rao-Vazirani SDP relaxation on low threshold rank graphs and on small-set expanders .	We show that if G is a graph of bounded threshold rank or a small-set expander , then an optimal solution of the Arora-Rao-Vazirani relaxation ( or of any stronger version of it ) can be almost entirely covered by a small number of balls of bounded radius .
We first review general results on MSSM and supersymmetric GUT ; and we describe useful tools on 4D quiver gauge theories in F- theory set up .	Then we study the effective supersymmetric gauge theory in the 7-brane wrapping 4-cycles in F-theory on local elliptic CY4s based on a complex tetrahedral surface $ \mathcal { T } $ and its blown ups $ \mathcal { T } _ { n } $ .
In this paper we study non-standard neutrino interactions as an example of physics beyond the standard model using atmospheric neutrino data collected during the Super-Kamiokande I ( 1996-2001 ) and II ( 2003-2005 ) periods .	We focus on flavor-changing-neutral-currents ( FCNC ) , which allow neutrino flavor transitions via neutral current interactions , and effects which violate lepton non-universality ( NU ) and give rise to different neutral-current interaction-amplitudes for different neutrino flavors .
We also obtain a set of sufficient conditions for the rightward spreading speed to be linearly determinate .	Finally , we apply the obtained results to a prototypical reaction-diffusion model .
The first result : The category of exceptional covers of a normal variety , Z , over a finite field , F_q , has fiber products , and therefore a natural Galois group ( with permutation representation ) limit .	This has many applications to considering Poincare series attached to diophantine questions .
Magnetic properties , heat capacity and magnetoresistance ( MR ) of polycrystalline GdRhGe are investigated .	It shows two antiferromagnetic transitions , one at T1=31.8 K and the other at T2=24 K , and field induced metamagnetic transition over a wide temperature range .
The structural changes are directly correlated with the temperature dependence of the magnetization .	Fe70Cr10B20 crystallizes following a two-step process : an eutectic crystallization of alfa-Fe ( bcc ) and the metastable tetragonal phase ( Fe0.8Cr0.2 ) 3B followed by another eutectic transformation to the stable phase ( Fe0.75Cr0.25 ) 2B and more segregation of alfa-Fe .
The ALPS II photosensor is a Transition-Edge Sensor ( TES ) optimized for lambda = 1064 nm photons .	The detector is routinely operated at 80 mK , allowing single infrared photon detections as well as non-dispersive spectroscopy with very low background rates .
By correlating the co-moving star-formation rate density with co-moving GRB rates at lower redshifts , we estimate a lower limit to the star-formation rate density of 0.12+/-0.09 and 0.09+/-0.05 M_sun/yr/Mpc^3 at z~4.5 and z~6 , respectively .	Finally , we provide evidence that the average metallicity of star-forming galaxies evolves as ( stellar mass density ) ^ ( 0.69+/-0.17 ) between $ z\sim5 $ and $ z\sim0 $ , probably indicative of the loss of a significant fraction of metals to the intergalactic medium , particularly in low-mass galaxies .
In this paper we address analytically and computationally the link between unsteady feeding and unsteady swimming on a model microorganism , the spherical squirmer , actuating the fluid in a time-periodic manner .	We start by performing asymptotic calculations at low P\'eclet number ( Pe ) on the advection-diffusion problem for the nutrients .
We study the stochastic FitzHugh-Nagumo equations , modelling the dynamics of neuronal action potentials , in parameter regimes characterised by mixed-mode oscillations .	The interspike time interval is related to the random number of small-amplitude oscillations separating consecutive spikes .
We study expanding spatially homogeneous tilted perfect fluid models , with an emphasis on future evolution with extreme tilt .	We show that for ultra-radiative equations of state ( i.e. , $ \gamma & gt ; 4/3 $ ) , generically the tilt becomes extreme at late times and the fluid observers will reach infinite expansion within a finite proper time and experience a singularity similar to that of the big rip .
D 88 , 123005 ( 2013 ) ] .	The metric prescribes a constant template density in the signal parameters , which permits that templates be placed at the vertices of a lattice .
Remarkably , this fixed point represents a situation where the half-filled level is fully transmitting , while the two filled levels are completely backscattered ; hence the fixed point Hall conductance is given by G_H = { 1/2 } e^2/h .	We predict the non-universal temperature power laws by which the system approaches the stable fixed point from the two unstable fixed points corresponding to the fully connected case ( G_H = { 5/2 } e^2/h ) and the fully disconnected case ( G_H = 0 ) .
We show that these density-waves , if spatially varied , give rise to PLL quantization .	We also argue that strain-induced magnetic fields can induce density-wave order in graphene , thus dynamically gapping out the lowest PLL ; moreover , the ordering should generically be accompanied by dislocations .
Hardware accelerators ( such as the Cell Broadband Engine ) have recently received a significant amount of attention from the computational science community because they can provide significant gains in the overall performance of many numerical simulations at a low cost .	However , such accelerators usually employ a rather unfamiliar and specialized programming model that often requires advanced knowledge of their hardware design .
Such a theory must be based on the Einstein 's general relativity and account for numerous relativistic effects both in the solar system and outside of its boundary .	The main features of the relativistic theory of reference frames are presented in this work .
Second , an indirect characterization allows one to extract its non-acoustic properties ( i.e. , static airflow resistivity , tortuosity , viscous and thermal characteristic lengths ) from the measured effective properties and the material open porosity .	The procedure is applied to four different sound absorbing materials and results of the characterization are compared with existing direct and inverse methods .
This differs from other Alfv\ ' { e } n wave related heating mechanisms such as ion-neutral collisional damping of Alfv\ ' { e } n waves and heating described by previous work on resonant Alfv\ ' { e } n wave heating .	In this paper , we find that the non-resonant Alfv\ ' { e } n wave heating is less efficient in partially ionized plasmas than when there are no ion-neutral collisions , and the heating efficiency depends on the ratio of the ion-neutral collision frequency to the ion gyrofrequency .
In this paper we present a systematic study of the reflexivity properties of homologically finite complexes with respect to semidualizing complexes in the setting of nonlocal rings .	One primary focus is the descent of these properties over ring homomorphisms of finite flat dimension , presented in terms of inequalities between generalized G-dimensions .
We shall provide some techniques to establish and analyze new constraints on the loop quantum gravity parameters arising from both sets of data , HiRes and AGASA .	We shall also study their effects on the predicted spectrum for ultra high energy cosmic rays .
One way to ameliorate the SUSY flavor and CP problems is to postulate that scalar masses lie in the TeV or beyond regime .	For example , the focus point ( FP ) region of the minimal supergravity ( mSUGRA ) model is especially compelling in that heavy scalar masses can co-exist with low fine-tuning while yielding the required relic abundance of cold dark matter ( via a mixed higgsino-bino neutralino ) .
10^5 stars , and a large sample of QSOs , variable stars , and transient objects of the solar system .	The survey is optimized for studying of the evolution of both the luminosity function and the clustering of galaxies to a redshift z~1 .
The two contributions turn out to be approximately additive .	Adsorbate dipoles are defined by calculating dipole densities of free-standing molecular monolayers .
We then show that a similar metric can also be obtained for certain $ k- $ essence field configurations in an emergent gravity situation .	Therefore , in the context of Belgiorno { \it et al 's } recent demonstration of spontaneous emission of photons in a gravitational analogue experiment , any future observation of $ T_ { \mathrm BV } $ need not necessarily imply the existence of global monopoles .
Additionally , it may be strongly enhanced by increasing the impurity strength .	Furthermore , from the proposal of Kane and Mele [ Phys.Rev.Lett .
In this paper we show a Zariski pair of sextics which is not a degeneration of the original example given by Zariski .	This is the first example of this kind known .
We analyze kinetically constrained 0-1 spin models ( KCSM ) on rooted and unrooted trees of finite connectivity .	We focus in particular on the class of Friedrickson-Andersen models FA-jf and on an oriented version of them .
From a comparison with structure seen at millimeter wavelengths , this structure is interpreted as a disk aligned with the molecular gas in the central few hundred parsecs of the galaxy .	NGC 1275 and NGC 4151 are not resolved ; limits on the sizes of these nuclei are 0.08 '' and 0.16 '' , corresponding to physical spatial scales of 28 and 10 pc .
Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) technology has been attracting considerable attention with the expectation of improved supply chain visibility for consumer goods , apparel , and pharmaceutical manufacturers , as well as retailers and government procurement agencies .	RFID technology is used today in many applications , including security and access control , transportation and supply chain tracking .
A detailed analysis of fully compatible ferroelectric domain structures shows , that the results for arbitrary piezoelectric laminates can be further simplified and specific property relationships for rank-1 laminates of tetragonal and rhombohedral crystals are derived .	The method is finally applied to the analysis of various hierarchical domain structures .
We find that the efficiency of satellite quenching around isolated galaxies is low and roughly constant over two orders of magnitude in satellite stellar mass ( $ M_ { * } $ = $ 10^ { 8.5 } -10^ { 10.5 } \ , M_ { \odot } $ ) , with only $ \sim~20\ % $ of systems quenched as a result of environmental processes .	While largely independent of satellite stellar mass , satellite quenching does exhibit clear dependence on the properties of the host .
When multiple model predictive controllers are implemented on a shared control area network ( CAN ) , their performance may degrade due to the inhomogeneous timing and delays among messages .	The priority based real-time scheduling of messages on the CAN introduces complex timing of events , especially when the types and number of messages change at runtime .
In the case of Au and Ir , the wires need to be slightly stretched in order to spin polarize .	An analysis of the band structures of the wires indicate that the superparamagnetic state that our calculations suggest will affect the conductance through the wires -- though not by a large amount -- at least in the absence of magnetic domain walls .
Descendant potentials live in a Fock sheaf , consisting of local functions on Givental 's Lagrangian cone that satisfy the ( 3g-2 ) -jet condition of Eguchi-Xiong ; they also satisfy a certain anomaly equation , which generalizes the Holomorphic Anomaly Equation of Bershadsky-Cecotti-Ooguri-Vafa .	We interpret Givental 's formula for the higher-genus potentials associated to a semisimple Frobenius manifold in this setting , showing that , in the semisimple case , there is a canonical global section of the Fock sheaf .
Such situations arise , for example , in lattice QCD simulations within the Rational Hybrid Monte Carlo algorithm .	We give numerical evidence that our method is superior to applying other iterative methods to each of the systems individually as well as , in some cases , to shifted or block Krylov subspace methods .
The main step in his proof is showing that one may assume that these curves are simple on the surface .	In this paper , we generalize the main step of Bonahon 's proof , showing that a geometrically infinite end gives rise to a sequence of simple surface curves whose geodesic representatives are not contained in any compact set .
First-principle band structure shows that the chemical potential is close to the Dirac-cone-like points in linear bands .	The magnetic field suppresses the apparent Hall carrier density of CaMnBi $ _2 $ below 50 K. The large magnetothermopower effect in ( Sr/Ca ) MnBi $ _2 $ is attributed to the magnetic field shift of chemical potential
We begin our treatment with a canonical transformation of the Hamiltonian to an effective model which is appropriate when the ( quartic ) interaction terms are larger than the ( quadratic ) kinetic and spin-orbit coupling terms .	We proceed by analyzing the strong coupling model variationally .
Ten objects spanning z=0.09-0.69 observed over 13.5 years show dz/dt_o = ( -2.3 +/- 0.8 ) x 10^-8 yr^-1 or dv/dt_o = -5.5 +/- 2.2 m/s/yr .	The best constraint from a single object , 3C286 at & lt ; z & gt ; = 0.692153275 ( 85 ) , is dz/dt_o = ( 1.6 +/- 4.7 ) x 10^-8 yr^-1 or dv/dt_o =2.8 +/- 8.4 m/s/yr .
We consider homogeneous crystallisation rates in confocal microscopy experiments on colloidal nearly hard spheres at the single particle level .	These we compare with Brownian dynamics simuations by carefully modelling the softness in the interactions with a Yukawa potential , which takes account of the electrostatic charges present in the experimental system .
This work is devoted to explore fundamental aspects of the spectral properties of few-body general operators .	We first consider the following question : when we know the probability distributions of a set of observables , what can we way on the probability distribution of the summation of them ?
( Abridged ) The growing role played by numerical N-body simulations in cosmological studies as a fundamental connection between theoretical modeling and direct observations has led to impressive advancements also in the development and application of specific algorithms designed to probe a wide range of Dark Energy scenarios .	Over the last decade , a large number of independent and complementary investigations have been carried out in the field of Dark Energy N-body simulations , starting from the simplest case of homogeneous Dark Energy models up to the recent development of highly sophisticated iterative solvers for a variety of Modified Gravity theories .
In this project we are presenting a grammar which unify the design and development of spatial databases .	In order to make it , we combine nominal and spatial information , the former is represented by the relational model and latter by a modification of the same model .
The method of study is also essentially different from the usual analysis of the semiparametric problem based on the notion of the hardest parametric submodel .	Instead we derive finite sample deviation bounds for the linear approximation error for the gradient of the loglikelihood .
Volume exclusion between particles is introduced through a drift term in the reaction diffusion equation that arises due the repulsive force field produced by the clustering atoms .	The volume exclusion terms can be derived from master equation with a concentration dependent hopping rate .
We present formulae , which are deformations of previously proposed determinant formulae labeled by a Young superdiagram .	These formulae will provide transfer matrix eigenvalues in dressed vacuum form related to the solutions of a graded Yang-Baxter equation , which depend not only on the spectral parameter but also on a non-additive continuous parameter .
CPS promises to transform the way we interact with the physical world just as the Internet transformed how we interact with one another .	Before this vision becomes a reality , however , a large number of challenges have to be addressed .
Let $ \Delta U=\ { a\in U ( R ) \mid [ U ( R ) : C_ { U ( R ) } ( a ) ] & lt ; \infty\ } $ be the $ FC $ -radical of $ U ( R ) $ and let $ \nabla ( R ) =\ { a\in R\mid [ U ( R ) : C_ { U ( R ) } ( a ) ] & lt ; \infty\ } $ be the $ FC $ -subring of $ R $ .	An infinite subgroup $ H $ of $ U ( R ) $ is said to be an $ \omega $ -subgroup if the left annihilator of each nonzero Lie commmutator $ [ x , y ] $ in $ R $ contains only finite number of elements of the form $ 1-h $ , where $ x , y \in R $ and $ h\in H $ .
Survival and percolation probabilities are most important quantities in the theory and in the application of growth models with spreading .	We construct field theoretical expressions for these probabilities which are feasible for perturbation expansions .
We show that the universe undergoes anisotropic inflationary expansion due to a preferred direction determined by the vector .	Using the slow-roll approximation , we find a formula to determine anisotropy of the inflationary universe .
We study the Euclidean as well as the Lorentzian case .	We show that this theory can still be obtained as a constrained BF theory satisfying the simplicity constraint , now discretized on a general oriented 2-cell complex .
Given Lipschitz domain $ \Omega\subset R^2 $ the functional is $ I_ { \epsilon } ( u ) =1/2\int_ { \Omega } \epsilon^ { -1 } |1-|Du|^2|^2+\epsilon|D^2 u|^2 $ where $ u $ belongs to the subset of functions in $ W^ { 2,2 } _ { 0 } ( \Omega ) $ whose gradient ( in the sense of trace ) satisfies $ Du ( x ) \cdot \eta_x=1 $ where $ \eta_x $ is the inward pointing unit normal to $ \partial \Omega $ at $ x $ .	In Jabin , Otto , Perthame characterized a class of functions which includes all limits of sequences $ u_n\in W^ { 2,2 } _0 ( \Omega ) $ with $ I_ { \epsilon_n } ( u_n ) \to 0 $ as $ \epsilon_n\to 0 $ .
Phase shifts and resonance parameters can be obtained from finite-volume lattice spectra for interacting pairs of particles , moving with nonzero total momentum .	We present a simple derivation of the method that is subsequently applied to obtain the pi pi and pi K phase shifts in the sectors with total isospin I=0 and I=1/2 , respectively .
In the standard model , the weak gauge bosons and fermions obtain mass after spontaneous electro-weak symmetry breaking , which is realized through one fundamental scalar field , namely Higgs field .	In this paper we study the simplest scalar cold dark matter model in which the scalar cold dark matter also obtains mass through interaction with the weak-doublet Higgs field , the same way as those of weak gauge bosons and fermions .
More precisely , the problem is to determine the asymptotics of the expectation ( and the variance ) of $ T_ { m } ( N ) $ , as well as its limit distribution , as the number $ N $ of different coupons becomes arbitrarily large .	The classical case of the problem , namely the case of equal coupon probabilities , is here extended to the general case , where the probabilities of the selected coupons are unequal .
Using known data , we estimate the ranges of the mixing parameters .	We find two sets of solutions with X mass predicted to be about 1820 MeV and 1760 MeV , respectively .
For uplink large-scale MIMO systems , linear minimum mean square error ( MMSE ) signal detection algorithm is near-optimal but involves matrix inversion with high complexity .	In this paper , we propose a low-complexity signal detection algorithm based on the successive overrelaxation ( SOR ) method to avoid the complicated matrix inversion .
We generalize the method to non-equilibrium hard-core bosons ( Tonks-Girardeau gas ) and establish interrelations between all these problems .	The results can be expressed in terms of Fredholm determinants of Toeplitz type .
We image the mass-donor star in narrow absorption lines of Na I Lambda-Lambda-5890 , 5896 , 8183 , 8195 and Ca II Lambda-8662 , implying an origin from the secondary itself rather than the interstellar medium .	We also detect deviations in the centroid of the double peak of H-Alpha akin to those found by Zurita et al .
It is well known that the cationic regime , Z & gt ; N is qualitatively described by Thomas-Fermi theory .	The anionic regime , Z & lt ; N , on the other hand , is characterized by an instability threshold at Z_c & lt ; ~ N-1 , below which the atom spontaneously emits an electron .
The cops ' goal is to capture the robber and the concurrent cop number of a graph is defined the minimum number of cops which guarantees capture .	For the variant in which it it required to capture the robber in the shortest possible time , we let time to capture be the payoff function of CCCR ; the ( game theoretic ) value of CCCR is the optimal capture time and ( cop and robber ) time optimal strategies are the ones which achieve the value .
We have also calculated the fraction of time that the WD resides in the ZZ Ceti instability strip thus clarifying that we expect many accreting WDs to exhibit non-radial oscillations .	The study of these will provide new insights into the rotational and thermal structure of an actively accreting WD .
We present the results of a realistic Monte-Carlo simulation of a multi-front acceleration which clearly shows the possible generation of UHECR .	The amount of energy converted into UHECRs turns out to be a sizeable fraction of the magnetic energy .
The problem of segmenting a given image into coherent regions is important in Computer Vision and many industrial applications require segmenting a known object into its components .	Examples include identifying individual parts of a component for process control work in a manufacturing plant and identifying parts of a car from a photo for automatic damage detection .
Imaging depth of optical microscopy has been fundamentally limited to millimeter or sub-millimeter due to light scattering .	X-ray microscopy can resolve spatial details of few microns deeply inside a sample but the contrast resolution is still inadequate to depict heterogeneous features at cellular or sub-cellular levels .
Hybrid architectures , consisting of conventional and topological qubits , have recently attracted much attention due to their capability in consolidating the robustness of topological qubits and the universality of conventional qubits .	However , these two kinds of qubits are normally constructed in significantly different energy scales , and thus this energy mismatch is a major obstacle for their coupling that supports the exchange of quantum information between them .
Searches for pair production of squarks , sleptons , charginos , and neutralinos are performed with the data collected by the ALEPH detector at LEP at centre-of-mass energies from 188.6 to 201.6 GeV .	No evidence for any such signals is observed in a total integrated luminosity of about 410pb-1 .
A simple analysis is provided by utilizing the reparametrization invariance of the decay amplitudes .	We find that six quantities can be reabsorbed into the definitions of Standard Model-like parameters .
We investigate the translocation of a stiff polymer through a nanopore in a membrane , in the presence of binding particles ( chaperones ) that bind reversibly to the polymer on both sides of the membrane .	A bound chaperone covers one ( univalent binding ) or many ( multivalent binding ) binding sites .
We have performed detailed numerical calculations of the non-conservative evolution of close X-ray binary systems with intermediate-mass ( 2.0-6.0 M_sun ) donor stars and a 1.3 M_sun accreting neutron star .	We calculated the thermal response of the donor star to mass loss , in order to determine its stability and follow the evolution of the mass transfer .
Depending on the exact experimental conditions , the thermodynamic properties of physical systems can be related to one or more thermostatistical ensembles .	Here , we survey the notion of thermodynamic temperature in different statistical ensembles , focusing in particular on subtleties that arise when ensembles become non-equivalent .
The Non-thermal phase transition in high energy collisions is studied in some detail in the framework of random cascade model .	The relation between the characteristic parameter $ \lambda_q $ of phase transition and the rank $ q $ of moment is obtained using Monte Carlo simulation , and the existence of two phases in self-similarly cascading multiparticle systems is shown .
We show that the presence of QOC in the conventional optomechanical system ( with LOC alone ) modifies the mechanical oscillator 's frequency and generates its quadrature squeezing .	We also show that either of the quadratures can be squeezed depending on the sign of the QOC .
Discrete and continuous models belonging to a universality class share the same linearities and ( or ) nonlinearities .	In this work , we propose a new approach to calculate coarse grained coefficients of the continuous differential equation from discrete models .
Wave functions with large transverse momentum components can simultaneously reproduce the behavior of the Dirac form factor at large momentum transfer , and of the deep inelastic structure functions at Bjorken x - & gt ; 1 .	The presence of large momentum components does not ensure , however , the dominance of small transverse distances at large x .
These parallel systems exhibit tremendous computational power at the cost of increased programming effort .	This results in a tension between achieving performance and code portability .
Such particles affect equation of state of nuclear matter and can shift admissible masses of neutron stars to higher values .	The internal structure of neutron stars is modified provided the ratio between coupling strength and mass squared of a weakly interacting light boson is above $ g^2/\mu^2 \sim 25 ~\mathrm { GeV } ^ { -2 } $ .
We take a simple , efficient , reduction-based approach where the choice and order of the items is established by repeatedly learning simple classifiers or regressors for each `` slot '' in the sequence .	Our approach leverages recent work on submodular function maximization to provide a formal regret reduction from submodular sequence optimization to simple cost-sensitive prediction .
The coefficients of such Redheffer representations are analytic operator-valued functions defined on the unit disc D of the complex plane .	In this paper we consider the converse question .
Anisotropic flow coefficients v_1-v_5 in heavy ion collisions are computed by combining a classical Yang-Mills description of the early time glasma flow with the subsequent relativistic viscous hydrodynamic evolution of matter through the quark-gluon plasma and hadron gas phases .	The glasma dynamics , as realized in the IP-Glasma model , takes into account event-by-event geometric fluctuations in nucleon positions and intrinsic sub-nucleon scale color charge fluctuations ; the pre-equilibrium flow of matter is then matched to the MUSIC algorithm describing viscous hydrodynamic flow and particle production at freeze-out .
$ $ A commuting triple of operators $ ( T_1 , T_2 , T_3 ) $ for which the closed tetrablock $ \overline { \mathbb E } $ is a spectral set , is called an $ \mathbb E $ -contraction .	For an $ \mathbb E $ -contraction $ ( T_1 , T_2 , T_3 ) $ , the two operator equations $ $ T_1-T_2^*T_3=D_ { T_3 } X_1D_ { T_3 } \textup { and } T_2-T_1^*T_3= D_ { T_3 } X_2D_ { T_3 } , \quad D_ { T_3 } = ( I-T_3^*T_3 ) ^ { \frac { 1 } { 2 } } , $ $ have unique solutions $ A_1 , A_2 $ on $ \mathcal D_ { T_3 } =\overline { Ran } D_ { T_3 } $ and they are called the fundamental operators of $ ( T_1 , T_2 , T_3 ) $ .
Results demonstrate that features extracted from CNNs are the best performing whatever is the retrieval schema adopted .	Local descriptors perform better than CNN-based descriptors only when dealing with images that contain fine-grained textures or objects .
The instrument consists of a 0.45 meter diameter off-axis telescope equipped with a 4-band multi-mode $ ^3He $ cooled photometer working at 1.1 , 1.3 , 2.1 and 3.1 { \notetoeditor { These are effective wavelengths } } mm wavelengths .	The beam is well approximated by a Gaussian with 1 $ % ^ { o } $ .35 Full Width Half Maximum ( FWHM ) at all wavelengths .
Collisions are a fundamental process in planet formation .	If colliding objects simply merge , a planetary object can grow .
There are considered pseudo-Riemannian manifolds enabled with 1 ) a nonholonomic 2+2 distribution defining a nonlinear connection ( N-connection ) structure and 2 ) an Arnowitt-Deser-Misner 3+1 decomposition .	The Ashtekar-Barbero variables are generalized and adapted to the N-connection structure which allows us to write the general relativity theory equivalently in terms of Lagrange-Finsler variables and related canonical almost symplectic forms and connections .
In this case $ U ( \CL ) =B ( R ) $ the braided matrices introduced previously .	We also introduce the basic theory of these braided Lie algebras , including the natural right-regular action of a braided-Lie algebra $ \CL $ by braided vector fields , the braided-Killing form and the quadratic Casimir associated to $ \CL $ .
In the paper , we propose a method called point integral method ( PIM ) to solve the Poisson-type equations from point clouds with convergence guarantees .	In PIM , the key idea is to derive the integral equations which approximates the Poisson-type equations and contains no derivatives but only the values of the unknown function .
Our structural characterization of the compound SbAs is performed by single-crystal and high-resolution synchrotron x-ray diffraction , and neutron and x-ray pair distribution function analysis .	All least-squares refinements indicate ordering of Sb and As , resulting in a GeTe-type structure without inversion symmetry .
Performing well in this setting requires trading exploration vs. exploitation , forwarding items that are likely to be irrelevant , to allow learning that will improve later performance .	In a Bayesian setting , and using Markov decision processes , we show how the Bayes-optimal forwarding algorithm can be computed efficiently when the user will examine each forwarded article , and how an upper bound on the Bayes-optimal procedure and a heuristic index policy can be obtained for the setting when the user will examine only a limited number of forwarded items .
We show that the presence of a substantial binary population in a star cluster , and the interaction of this population with the cluster environment , has serious consequences for the morphology of the observed white dwarf sequence and the derived white dwarf cooling age of the cluster .	We find that over time the dynamical evolution of the cluster -- mass-segregation , stellar interactions and tidal stripping -- hampers the use of white dwarfs as tracers of the initial mass function , and also leads to a significant enhancement of the white dwarf mass fraction .
The outcome of such mergers depends sensitively on both the magnitude of the BH spin and its obliquity ( i.e. , the inclination of the binary orbit with respect to the equatorial plane of the BH ) .	In particular , only systems with sufficiently high BH spin parameter $ a $ and sufficiently low orbital inclinations allow any NS matter to escape or to form a long-lived disk outside the BH horizon after disruption .
We demonstrate that the density and temperature dependences of spin relaxation time in GaAs $ _ { 1-x } $ Bi $ _x $ resemble the ones in GaAs .	Meanwhile , the Bir-Aronov-Pikus mechanism is found to be negligible compared to the D'yakonov-Perel ' mechanism in intrinsic sample .
The predictions of unification are commensurate with the local numbers of AGN of various types .	The outstanding question concerns a possible population of obscured AGN at high redshift , which are thought to produce the X-ray background , although few are observed directly .
Besides the dedicated search for strangelets NA52 measures light ( anti ) particle and ( anti ) nuclei production over a wide range of rapidity .	Compared to previous runs the statistics has been increased in the 1998 run by more than one order of magnitude for negatively charged objects at different spectrometer rigidities .
Our method applies to Oblivious Chase , Semi-Oblivious Chase and -- after a slight modification -- also for Standard Chase .	This means that we give a ( negative ) solution to the all -- instances termination problem for all version of chase that are usually considered .
The timing performance of a MRPC ETOF is also improved .	These simulation results suggest and guide an ETOF upgrade effort at BESIII .
We describe a novel type of magnetic domain wall which , in contrast to Bloch or Neel walls , is non-localized and , in a certain temperature range , non-monotonic .	The wall appears as the mean-field solution of the two-dimensional ferromagnetic Ising model frustrated by the long-ranged dipolar interaction .
However , a real clarification of these observations was only recently achieved by NA60 , measuring dimuons with unprecedented precision in 158A GeV , In-In collisions .	The excess mass spectrum in the region M & lt ; 1 GeV is consistent with a dominant contribution from pi+pi- - & gt ; rho - & gt ; mu+mu- annihilation .
We consider a parity-preserving QED_3 model with spontaneous breaking of the gauge symmetry as a framework for the evaluation of the electron-electron interaction potential underlying high-T_c superconductivity .	The fact that the resulting potential , -C_s K_ { 0 } ( Mr ) , is non-confining and `` weak '' ( in the sense of Kato ) strongly suggests the mechanism of pair-condensation .
At low electric fields up to about 50 V/cm only negligible deviations from Ohmic behavior can be identified with no threshold field .	At larger electric fields and up to about 100 V/cm a reproducible negative differential resistance is observed with a significant change in shape of the measured resistivity in time .
We obtain topographic microscopy images with surfaces showing hexagonal and square atomic size patterns , and observe in the tunneling conductance a superconducting gap .	We find well defined quasiparticle peaks located at a bias voltage comparable to the weak coupling s-wave BCS expected gap value ( 0.17 meV ) .
We perform a study of these models in the light of all standard flavour , collider and dark matter constraints , including also the recent Higgs boson measurements for the mass and signal strengths in the different decay channels .	The minimal AMSB scenario can satisfy in part of its parameter space the dark matter requirement but is only marginally consistent with the current Higgs boson mass value .
For almost a century , the cosmological constant has been a mysterious object , in relation to both its origin and its very small value .	By using a Bose-Einstein condensate analogue model for gravitational dynamics , we address here the cosmological constant issue from an analogue gravity standpoint .
We conjecture that two Moufang 2-loops of finite order $ n $ with equivalent associator can be connected by a series of constructions similar to ours , and offer empirical evidence that this is so for $ n=16 $ , 24 , 32 ; the only interesting cases with $ n\le 32 $ .	We further investigate the way the constructions affect code loops and loops of type $ M ( G , 2 ) $ .
We show detailed images of total intensity , brightness gradient , spectral index , degree of polarization and projected magnetic-field direction .	The jet bases are very similar to those in tailed twin-jet sources and show the characteristics of decelerating , relativistic flows .
Depending on parameter choices , this system describes either a relativistic particle in the Robertson-Walker background , or metric fluctuations of the Robertson-Walker geometry .	Moreover we derive a tree-level M-theory matrix model in this time-dependent background .
We present a study of the early ( days to weeks ) X-ray and UV properties of eight Type Ia supernovae ( SNe Ia ) which have been extensively observed with the X-Ray Telescope ( XRT ) and UV/Optical Telescope ( UVOT ) onboard Swift , ranging from 5-132 days after the outburst .	SN 2005ke is tentatively detected ( at a 3-3.6 sigma level of significance ) in X-rays based on deep monitoring with the XRT ranging from 8 to 120 days after the outburst .
We concentrated efforts on embedded clusters , which are those expected in the areas of known radio and optical nebulae .	The present study provides 179 new infrared clusters and stellar groups , which are interesting targets for detailed future infrared studies .
Distributed IA ( since it can not improve it ) .	As a first step , we model the interference in each receiver 's desired signal as a function of the transmitters ' beamforming vectors .
In particular , we consider in detail charge transfer , changes in the electrostatic potential , and their subsequent effects on the IV curves through the junctions .	Gold is typically used in molecular junctions because it forms strong chemical bonds with sulfur .
We theoretically investigate electron spin injection and spin-polarization sensitive current detection at Schottky contacts between a ferromagnetic metal and an n-type or p-type semiconductor .	We use spin-dependent continuity equations and transport equations at the drift-diffusion level of approximation .
The position and strength of the boson peak in silica glass vary considerably with temperature $ T $ .	Such variations can not be explained solely with changes in the Debye energy .
We characterize the local conformal nets on dS^d .	Only in this case our positive energy evolutions have a complete geometrical meaning .
It is applied to two web-scale crawls covering tens of terabytes .	ClueWeb09 and ClueWeb12 contain 500 and 733 million web pages and were clustered into 500,000 to 700,000 clusters .
We report sub-arcsecond resolution X-ray imaging spectroscopy of the low luminosity active galactic nucleus of NGC 4258 and its immediate surroundings with the Chandra X-ray Observatory .	NGC 4258 was observed four times , with the first two observations separated by one month , followed over a year later by two consecutive observations .
The mapping $ A $ is a smoothing linear operator and $ \mathcal { E } $ a Gaussian noise .	The connection to the solution of a finite-dimensional computational model $ M_ { kn } = A_k U_n + \mathcal { E } _k $ is discussed .
We come up with a simple modification of the deterministic algorithm , achieving a running time of ( d ( k-1 ) /k * k^d/ ( k^d-1 ) ) ^n \poly ( n ) .	Though not completely eleminating the gap , this comes very close to the randomized bound for all but very small values of d. Our main idea is to define a graph structure on the set of d colors to speed up local search .
In this work we consider the asymptotic behavior of the nonlinear semigroup defined by a semilinear parabolic problem with homogeneous Neumann boundary conditions posed in a bounded region of the plane that degenerates into a line segment when a positive parameter $ \epsilon $ goes to zero ( a thin domain ) .	Here we also allow that its boundary presents highly oscillatory behavior with different orders and variable profile .
Grid computing has attracted many researchers over a few years , and as a result many new protocols have emerged and also evolved since its inception a decade ago .	Grid protocols play major role in implementing services that facilitate coordinated resource sharing across diverse organizations .
We also find that the linewidth shows significant dependence on the applied field magnitude and its angle within the film plane .	A minimum in the linewidth is observed when the slope of the frequency versus current becomes near zero .
We show that $ \mu $ is a constant independent of $ g $ and $ x ( g ) $ is approximately a linear function of $ g $ .	The sum of $ N_g ( A ) $ over genus scales as a power of $ A $ .
We find that the supersymmetric partner of the gauge zero mode is the diagonal component of the fermion zero mode .	An analysis of the vacuum structure is provided and it is shown that the inclusion of zero modes is crucial for probing the phase properties of the vacua .
Phase-resolved observations of eclipsing symbiotic binary systems , containing a mass-losing giant and a hot white dwarf , are ideal for studying the wind generation mechanisms in evolved stars .	For such systems we use the orbital motion of the dwarf through the giant 's wind to provide a pencil-beam view through the circumstellar gas .
We prove certain basic properties , for example that $ \beta $ is separated , locally of finite presentation , and satisfies a certain restricted form of the valuative criterion for properness .	In general , $ \beta $ is not quasi-compact .
We adopt two distribution models of strange sea , those are the light-cone meson-baryon fluctuation model and the effective chiral quark model .	Our results show that the asymmetry induced by the strange quark distributions is distinct , which is measurable in experiments .
The dominant sources of IM response are believed to be inductive and localized in only small regions of the HTS film having the highest current densities J_RF ( x , y ) .	In our previous papers , examining microwave resonators of simple microstrip geometry , we have demonstrated that local nonlinearity imaging is possible with the technique of low temperature laser scanning microscopy ( LTLSM ) adapted to microwave experiments .
In contrast to the quasars , where the nucleus can outshine the galaxy at optical/near infrared wavelengths by a large factor , the radio galaxies contain a 'built-in coronograph ' that obscures our direct view to the nucleus .	These objects present our best opportunity to study the host galaxy in detail .
This core is resolved into two nearly symmetric components at ~10 milli-arcsecond ( mas ) angular scale .	The inner structure is markedly misaligned with respect to the large-scale structure .
A dissipative term depending on the relative velocity between neighboring particles is included in the discrete model to investigate its influence on the shape of steady shock profiles .	The critical viscosity coefficient is obtained from the long-wave approximation for arbitrary values of the exponent n and denotes the transition from an oscillatory to a monotonic shock profile in stronly nonlinear systems .
The condition is expressed in terms of $ p $ -Poincar\ ' { e } constants and we provide examples of groups , which satisfy such conditions and for which $ H^1 ( G , \pi ) $ vanishes for every isometric representation $ \pi $ on an $ L_p $ space for some $ p & gt ; 2 $ .	Our methods allow to estimate such a $ p $ explicitly and yield several interesting applications .
We study the fundamental limits on learning latent community structure in dynamic networks .	Specifically , we study dynamic stochastic block models where nodes change their community membership over time , but where edges are generated independently at each time step .
Recently Kobayashi discovered an equivalent formulation of the main conjecture at supersingular primes that is similar in structure to the ordinary case .	Namely , Kobayashi 's conjecture relates modified Selmer groups , which he defined , with modified $ p $ -adic $ L $ -functions defined by the first author .
The efficiency of laser-cooling relies on the existence of an almost closed optical-transition cycle in the energy spectrum of the considered species .	In this respect rare-earth elements exhibit many transitions which are likely to induce noticeable leaks from the cooling cycle .
This feature was attributed to a combination of post zero-age horizontal branch evolution and diffusion effects .	In this follow-up study we analyze other EHB clusters and show that the second U-jump is a common feature among EHB clusters reaching T_ { eff } \ge 23,000K , and that its onset in different clusters converges around T_ { eff } \sim 21,000\pm3,000K .
In the framework of the reaction operator approach we calculate and resum the multiple elastic scattering of a fast $ q \bar { q } $ system traversing dense nuclear matter .	We derive the collisional broadening of the meson 's transverse momentum and the distortion of its intrinsic light cone wave function .
We have searched for a bound state of kaon and pion denoted by $ X $ .	The $ X $ was conjectured to explain the so-called $ \Theta^+ $ resonance as a bound state of kaon , pion and nucleon .
One suggested explanation for this discrepancy is the additional perturbations of the path of the light ray caused by matter density fluctuations along the line of sight .	We investigate this by calculating the statistical expectation value for the angular deflections caused by density fluctuations , which can be done given the matter power spectrum .
We investigate a scheme of fault-tolerant quantum computation based on the cluster model .	Logical qubits are encoded by a suitable code such as the Steane 's 7-qubit code .
We show that it is a viable and efficient mechanism for producing spirals and jets , provided that massive moonlets are embedded in the F-ring core and that they are impacted by loose clumps orbiting in the F ring region , which could be consistent with recent data from ISS , VIMS and UVIS .	We show also that coefficients of restitution as low as ~0.1 are needed to reproduce the radial extent of spirals and jets , suggesting that collisions are very dissipative in the F ring region .
The loss of memory at the microscopic level of individual particles is also shown in terms of the autocorrelation functions for the two transverse velocity components .	Moreover , a negative correlation in the transverse particle velocities is seen to exist at the lower concentrations , an effect which we explain on the basis of the dynamics of two isolated spheres undergoing simple shear .
Because of large helicity suppression , R^\pi_ { e/\mu } is uniquely sensitive to contributions from non- ( V-A ) physics , making this decay a particularly suitable subject of study .	Even at current precision , the experimental value of B_ { \pi e2 } provides the most accurate test of lepton universality available .
We model the quantum full adder as a realistic complex algorithm on a large number of qubits in an Ising-spin quantum computer .	Our results are an important step toward effective modeling of the quantum modular adder which is needed for Shor 's and other quantum algorithms .
The effect of lensing is generally weak and requires a fine-tuned geometrical arrangement , which occurs with only a low probability .	However , there are several aspects that make Sagittarius A* a promising target to reveal strong gravity effects .
The availability of multiband photometry and high quality photometric redshifts allows to derive rest frame colors and radio luminosity functions down to a limit of a B rest-frame magnitude of M=-20 .	Galaxy properties and luminosity functions ( LFs ) are estimated up to z~1 for radio loud and radio quiet early and late type galaxies .
The reference state ( zeroth-order approximation ) corresponds to a Sonine solution of the Boltzmann equation , which holds for arbitrary values of the restitution coefficients .	Due to the anisotropy induced in the system by the shear flow , the mass flux defines a diffusion tensor $ D_ { ij } $ instead of a scalar diffusion coefficient .
Cross-project defect prediction ( CPDP ) has been deemed as an emerging technology of software quality assurance , especially in new or inactive projects , and a few improved methods have been proposed to support better defect prediction .	However , the regular CPDP always assumes that the features of training and test data are all identical .
For the coarse configurations , with a=0.12 fm , eight combinations of dynamical light and strange quarks have been analyzed .	For the fine configurations , with a=0.09 fm , three combinations of quark masses are studied .
Let $ F/E $ be a finite Galois extension of fields with abelian Galois group $ \Gamma $ .	A self-dual normal basis for $ F/E $ is a normal basis with the additional property that $ Tr_ { F/E } ( g ( x ) , h ( x ) ) =\delta_ { g , h } $ for $ g , h\in\Gamma $ .
The differential reflectivity \Delta R=R signal of picosecond dynamics could be continuously altered from positive to negative by changing the probe polarization from P to S when the dynamics is probed by a total internal reflected beam .	The polarization dependent \Delta R=R signal around 0 delay time is positive .
Using the concept developed in earlier papers , that the cosmic rays originate in three different main sites , a ) the normal supernova explosions into the interstellar medium , b ) the supernova explosions into a stellar wind , and c ) powerful radio galaxies , we demonstrate in this paper that the spectrum and chemical abundances above $ 10^4 $ GeV can be well understood .	Using existing data on the chemical composition of cosmic rays near TeV energies as a constraint , we adjust the parameters of the model to fit the shower size data from the Akeno experiment ; this is necessary since the derivation of an all particle spectrum involves an assumption about the chemical composition of the cosmic rays and so we have to fit the shower size data first and then derive the all particle spectrum .
The longest-wait-first } ( LWF ) algorithm is a natural algorithm that has been shown to have good empirical performance .	In this paper we make two main contributions to the analysis of LWF and broadcast scheduling .
More precisely , it has been established that the effective sample size ( ESS ) of the ensuing ( approximate ) sample and the Monte Carlo error of fixed dimensional marginals will converge as $ d $ grows , with a computational cost of $ \mathcal { O } ( Nd^2 ) $ .	In the present work , further results on SMC methods in high dimensions are provided as $ d\to\infty $ and with $ N $ fixed .
We have empirically determined the optimal method of estimating the 2-point correlation function from just such a magnitude limited survey .	Using this method , our correlation function results confirm the previously claimed detections of large scale power out to 40h^-1 Mpc scales .
We investigate the motion of suspended particles past a single line of equally spaced cylindrical posts that is slanted with respect to the driving force .	We show that such a one-dimensional array of posts can fractionate particles according to their size , with small particles permeating through the line of posts but larger particles being deflected by the steric barrier created by the posts , even though the gaps between posts are larger than the particles .
The classical duality theory associates to an abelian group a dual companion .	Passing to a non-abelian group , a dual object can still be defined , but it is no longer a group .
In this paper , we provide a general asymptotic formula for the number of such multi-base representations of a positive integer $ n $ .	Moreover , we prove central limit theorems for the sum of digits , the Hamming weight ( number of non-zero digits , which is a measure of efficiency ) and the occurrences of a fixed digits in a random representation .
The random walk in question is balanced , i.e.it is automatically a martingale .	Our main ideas are inspired by the proof of a quenched central limit theorem in stationary ergodic environment on $ \mathbb { Z } ^2 $ [ Lawler82 , Sznitman02 ] .
This survey provides a database of galaxy redshifts , HI gas masses , and galaxy rotation curves that would enable a wide range of science , including fundamental cosmology and studies of Dark Energy .	This science requires the next generation of radio arrays , which are being designed under the umbrella of the Square Kilometer Array ( SKA ) project .
Namely , the $ \rho , \rho ' , \omega , \omega ' , a_1 , b_1 , h_1 $ and possibly $ f_1 $ $ J=1 $ mesons get degenerate after removal of the quasi-zero modes .	This emergent symmetry has been established to be $ SU ( 4 ) \supset SU ( 2 ) _L \times SU ( 2 ) _R \times U ( 1 ) _A $ .
In stars with temperatures above 20*10^6 K , hydrogen burning is dominated by the CNO cycle .	Its rate is determined by the slowest process , the 14N ( p , gamma ) 15O reaction .
We use a self-consistent scheme which describes mesoscopic devices in terms of a collective phase variable ( slave rotor ) and quasiparticle degrees of freedom .	In the strong Coulomb blockade regime , we recover the description of metallic islands in terms of a phase only action .
It shows that the reservation wages of a sample of workers from Amazon 's Mechanical Turk ( AMT ) are approximately log normally distributed , with a median wage of $ 1.38/hour .	At the median wage , the point elasticity of extensive labor supply is 0.43 .
Several kilometres of fibers can be obtained from a single preform with fiber diameters ranging between 500um -1000um .	A typical measured capacitance of our fibers is 60-100 nF/m and it is independent of the fiber diameter .
A previously developed code to analyze lightcurve shapes and identify long period variables ( LPVs ) has been adapted to identify EBs .	The parameters in the modified code have been optimised to recover a list of about 140 detached EBs in the Small Magellanic Cloud previously identified in the literature as particularly well suited for distance estimates ( and wich have periods \more 0.85 days ) .
The main uncertainty concerns the $ D ( p , \gamma ) { ^3 } He $ reaction rate affecting the synthesis of $ { ^7 } Li $ ( via the $ { ^3 } He ( \alpha , \gamma ) { ^7 } Be ( e\nu ) { ^7 } Li $ ) at rather high baryonic density .	On the left part of the lithium valley the uncertainty is strongly reduced due to the improvement of the measurement of the $ T ( \alpha , \gamma ) ^ { 7 } Li $ reaction rate .
There have been of late renewed debates on the role of inhomogeneities to explain the observed late acceleration of the universe .	We have looked into the problem analytically with the help of the well known spherically symmetric but inhomogeneous Lemaitre-Tolman-Bondi ( LTB ) model generalised to higher dimensions .
We consider two-mode squeezed states which are parametrized by the squeezing parameter and the phase .	We present a scheme for teleporting such entangled states of continuous variables from Alice to Bob .
In the scenario formulated on a flat 5-dimensional space-time , the Higgs mass is calculable , being protected under the quantum correction by gauge invariance , though the predicted Higgs mass is generally too small compared with $ M_ { W } $ .	In the 6-dimensional SU ( 3 ) model , however , a suitable orbifolding is known to lead to a mass of the order of $ M_ { W } $ : $ M_ { H } = 2M_ { W } $ at the tree level , which has some similarity to the corresponding prediction by the MSSM , $ M_ { H } $ leq ( cos beta ) $ M_ { Z } $ .
In this paper , we introduce the notion of a `` category with path objects '' , as a slight strengthening of Ken Brown 's classical notion of a `` category of fibrant objects '' .	We develop the basic properties of such a category and its associated homotopy category .
After the automation of many production processes and the creation of self-driving vehicles , the automation of society is next .	This is moving us to a tipping point and to a crossroads : we must decide between a society in which the actions are determined in a top-down way and then implemented by coercion or manipulative technologies ( such as personalized ads and nudging ) or a society , in which decisions are taken in a free and participatory way and mutually coordinated .
Therefore , the derivation of the luminosity function is carried out using the locations of field and grouped galaxies in real distance space .	The local field galaxy luminosity function in the B system is well described by a Schechter function .
For a spin-three chemical potential \mu , the deformation is related at high temperatures to a higher spin black hole in hs [ 0 ] theory on AdS_3 spacetime .	We calculate the order \mu^2 corrections to the single interval Renyi and entanglement entropies on the torus using the bosonized formulation .
This is similar to the NS and R punctures occuring in superstring theories .	We obtain the moduli associated with these punctures and present evidence in existing W-string theories for these punctures .
Many interesting features appear in the system .	For example , the wave function has the $ SU ( 2|2 ) $ supersymmetry .
Universal subleading logarithms are resummed in full matrix form .	We find that threshold resummation slightly increases and considerably stabilizes the invariant mass spectra and total cross sections with respect to the next-to-leading order calculation .
In particular , metamaterials have shown promise for next generation of optical materials with electromagnetic responses that can not be obtained from conventional media .	We review the fundamental properties of metamaterials with hyperbolic dispersion and present the various applications where such media offer potential for transformative impact .
Path integrals do n't really exist , but it is very useful to dream that they do exist , and figure out the consequences .	Apart from describing much of the physical world as we now know it , these dreams also lead to some highly non-trivial mathematical theorems and theories .
In this paper we investigate the occurrence of intermittency in plasma turbulence by studying the departure from the gaussian distribution of PDF for both velocity and magnetic fluctuations .	We use data coming from two different experiments , namely in situ satellite observations of the inner solar wind and turbulent fluctuations in a magnetically confined fusion plasma .
We extend the previous studies to $ 2 \otimes d $ quantum systems and derive an analytical expression for quantum discord for a two-parameter class of states for $ d \geq 3 $ .	We compare quantum discord , classical correlation , and entanglement for qubit-qutrit systems to demonstrate that different measures of quantum correlation are not identical and conceptually different .
There are , however , counterarguments that the radiation is canceled by an interference effect between the vacuum fluctuation and the radiation from the fluctuating motion .	In this reports , we review our recent analysis on the issue of the Unruh radiation .
We establish the theoretical framework to calculate the corrections to the apparent value of the cosmological constant by modeling the local inhomogeneity with a $ \Lambda LTB $ solution .	Our assumption to be at the center of a spherically symmetric inhomogeneous matter distribution correspond to effectively calculate the monopole contribution of the large scale inhomogeneities surrounding us , which we expect to be the dominant one , because of other observations supporting a high level of isotropy of the Universe around us .
An intriguing observation is a rapid decrease from the quantized plateau in the Hall conductance , accompanied by a peak in the longitudinal conductance as a function of the gate voltage .	Here , we present a quantum transport theory with an effective model for magnetic topological insulator thin films .
We then construct the Hertzsprung -- Russell ( HRD ) diagram for the GC sample .	Using an automated maximum likelihood routine , we derive a coarse star formation history of the GC .
This model was originally developed for application to the optically thin emission observed from SN1987A .	Here we generalise it by including the effects of free-free absorption from both an external screen and from material internal to the source , and by relaxing the restriction to an azimuthal B-field .
We find that both BCG metric luminosities and residuals from the L-alpha relation of LP are significantly correlated with the X-ray luminosity of the cluster at the 99.6 % confidence level , in the sense that more X-ray luminous clusters have brighter BCGs .	The strength of this correlation increases with increasing X-ray luminosity and with increasing values of alpha .
This is similar to the adjoint mass term that is generated by a Chern-Simons term in this theory .	We study the spectrum of the two-dimensional theory as a function of the vacuum expectation value and of the Chern-Simons coupling .
The complete integration of this equation provides information about the residual energy E ( z ) and dE ( z ) /dz at each position z ( 0 & lt ; = z & lt ; = RCSDA ) .	A relativistic extension of the generalized Langevin equation yields the formula RCSDA = A dot ( E0 +E02/2M dot c2 ) p. The initial energy of therapeutic protons satisfies E0 & lt ; & lt ; 2M dot c2 ( M dot c2 = 938.276 MeV ) , which enables us to consider the relativistic contributions as correction terms .
The resolution was proposed by the IAU Inter-Division A-G Working Group on Nominal Units for Stellar and Planetary Astronomy after consulting with a broad spectrum of researchers from the astronomical community .	Resolution B2 resolves the long-standing absence of an internationally-adopted zero point for the absolute and apparent bolometric magnitude scales .
We present a constraint-based approach to interactive product configuration .	Our configurator tool FdConfig is based on feature models for the representation of the product domain .
It is argued that many body systems in which all these interactions take place can be accurately solved using computational simulation tools .	One of those modern tools is the technique known as dissipative particle dynamics , which incorporates Brownian and hydrodynamic forces , as well as basic conservative interactions .
C & amp ; C views provide means to abstract away direct hierarchy , direct connectivity , port names and types , and thus can crosscut the traditional boundaries of the implementation-oriented hierarchical decomposition of systems and sub-systems , and reflect the partial knowledge available to different stakeholders involved in a system 's design .	As a primary application for C & amp ; C views we investigate the synthesis problem : given a C & amp ; C views specification , consisting of mandatory , alternative , and negative views , construct a concrete satisfying C & amp ; C model , if one exists .
Especially we discuss the numerical solution of initial boundary value problems by means of a corresponding finite difference splitting procedure which is a modification of a well known fractional step method coupled with a matrix factorization .	The convergence of the numerical solution towards the exact solution of the corresponding initial boundary value problem is investigated .
Three-form field can give rise to viable cosmological scenarios of dark energy with potentially observable signatures distinct from standard single scalar field models .	In this study , the background dynamics of three-form cosmology are investigated .
In this paper , we study any K\ '' ahler manifold where the positive orthogonal bisectional curvature is preserved on the K\ '' ahler Ricci flow .	Naturally , we always assume that the first Chern class $ C_1 $ is positive .
We have developed a mathematical model to describe the transient dynamics of the HIF-1 { \alpha } protein measured in single cells subjected to hypoxic shock .	The essential characteristics of these data are modeled with a system of differential equations describing the feedback inhibition between HIF-1 { \alpha } and Prolyl Hydroxylases ( PHD ) oxygen sensors .
We show that under very general conditions a large-scale gravitational instability in the ISM , which triggers the collapse of a massive cloud , leads with the aid of a spontaneous first generation of massive stars , to a standing , small-radius , cold and dense shell .	Eventually , as more of the collapsing matter is processed and incorporated , the shell becomes gravitationally unstable and begins to fragment , allowing the formation of new stars , while keeping its location .
The X-ray spectrum is well represented by a thin thermal plasma model with enhanced metal abundances .	The spatial and spectral properties imply that G355.6-0.0 is a member of the mixed-morphology SNRs .
First , quandle modules are used to generalize Burau representations and Alexander modules for classical knots .	Second , 2-cocycles valued in non-abelian groups are used in a way similar to Hopf algebra invariants of classical knots .
Then we define the class of geometrically separated domains at a boundary point , and give a description of their complex geometry .	Examples of such domains are given , for instance , by locally lineally convex domains , domains with locally diagonalizable Levi form , and domains for which the Levi form have comparable eigenvalues at a point .
Interpreting formation and evolution of galaxies as a ? transmission with modification ' process , we have shown that the concepts and tools of phylogenetic systematics can be heuristically transposed to the case of galaxies .	This approach , which we call ? astrocladistics ' , has successfully been applied on several samples .
The new algebraic structure shows strong connections among algebraic relationships , codon assignment and physicochemical properties of amino acids .	Moreover , a distance function defined between codons in the Lie algebra was demonstrated to have a linear behavior respect to physical variables such as the mean of amino acids energy in proteins .
Recent years have seen an increasing interest in the design of AQM ( Active Queue Management ) controllers .	The purpose of these controllers is to manage the network congestion under varying loads , link delays and bandwidth .
This paper presents an operational semantics for UML activity diagrams .	The purpose of this semantics is three-fold : to give a robust basis for verifying model correctness ; to help validate model transformations ; and to provide a well-formed basis for assessing whether a proposed extension/interpretation of the modeling language is consistent with the standard .
For pure 4He clusters , our results confirm those of M. Mella et al. [ J . Chem.Phys .	123 , 054328 ( 2005 ) ] that the impurity experiences a transition from a surface to a bulk location as the number of helium atoms in the droplet increases .
We present optimized algorithm in two platforms .	Our GPU-based implementation exploits the parallelism of SIMD architectures to allow for maximum speed-up by a careful optimization of storage and data transfer , whereas our CPU-based implementation uses efficient sparse matrix computations and is suitable for large sparse datasets .
But more importantly , recently proposed geometric notions of curvature on very general metric measure spaces allow us to utilize a whole new set of tools and ideas that help quantify functionality and robustness of graphs .	In particular , robustness is closely connected to network entropy which , in turn , is very closely related to curvature .
From the perspective of Galois theory , this suggests that a well-known rigidity phenomenon for linear Galois representations does not exist for Galois representations obtained by polynomial iteration .	Finally , we study the number of primes P for which a given quadratic f defined over a global field has f^n irreducible modulo P for all n .
Classically , these tools were developed separately .	In this work , we present a unified numerical scheme based on coupling Quadrature by Expansion , a recent quadrature method , to a customized Fast Multipole Method for the Helmholtz equation in two dimensions .
The model has two parameters representing respectively interactions between top and bottom edges of the Hall bar and interactions between the edges on opposite sides of the barrier .	We show that the scaling dimensions of tunneling processes depend on the relative strengths of the interactions , with repulsive interactions across the Hall bar tending to make breaks in the barrier irrelevant .
The resonance is due to the resonant interaction of 2D conduction electrons with the longitudinal optic phonons .	The electrons are assumed to be nondegenerate .
The fermion momentum distribution function , $ v_k^2 $ , the ratio of the Bogoliubov coefficients , $ v_k/u_k $ , and the Fourier transform of $ v_k^2 $ are among the properties that are strikingly different for d- and $ s^* $ symmetries in the crossover region .	Fermionic atoms in 2D optical lattices may provide a way to observe these signatures .
Such behaviour can be found in many practical systems , including collaborative workflow in healthcare systems for clinical practice guidelines ( CPGs ) .	Processes using the symmetric sums can be embedded into the original branching types using conductor processes .
We also demonstrate that pattern detection , which is implemented as a model checking algorithm , performs very well for test data sets different from the learning sets .	We define a quantitative semantics for the logic and integrate the model checking algorithm with particle swarm optimization in a computational framework for synthesis of parameters leading to desired patterns in reaction-diffusion systems .
Though the latter value fits well the Main Sequence around solar metallicity , and agrees with independent measurements from HII regions as well as with theoretical stellar yields and chemical evolution models , a much higher DY/DZ~10 is necessary to reproduce the broadening observed for nearby subdwarfs .	This result resembles , on a milder scale , the very high DY/DZ estimated from the multiple Main Sequences in Omega Cen and NGC 2808 .
We give the analytic formulation of the total work .	For the fermion SQSZE , the work might be absorbed from the environment , and the change rate of the work with temperature exhibits periodicity and even-odd oscillation , which is a generalization of a spinless QSZE .
Universal Extra Dimension ( UED ) models tend to favor a distinctively heavier Higgs mass than in the Standard Model ( SM ) and its supersymmetric extensions when the Kaluza-Klein ( KK ) scale is not much higher than the electroweak one , which we call the weak scale UED , in order to cancel the KK top contributions to the T-parameter .	Such a heavy Higgs , whose production through the gluon fusion process is enhanced by the KK top loops , is fairly model independent prediction of the weak scale UED models regardless of the brane-localized mass structure at the ultraviolet cutoff scale .
Entropy of the degree distribution can be an average measure of a network 's heterogeneity .	Optimization of scale-free network robustness to random failures with average connectivity constant is equivalent to maximize the entropy of the degree distribution .
Based on t-SVD , we first construct novel tensor-rank like measures to characterize informational and structural complexity of multilinear data .	Following that we outline a complexity penalized algorithm for tensor completion from missing entries .
+0.11-0.15 ( syst . ) .	The resonant part of the gamma p -- & gt ; pi+pi- p cross section is 11.2\pm 0.1 ( stat .
The Tikhonov regularization of linear ill-posed problems with an $ \ell^1 $ penalty is considered .	We recall results for linear convergence rates and results on exact recovery of the support .
The region IRAS 19410+2336 is one exception , having been observed at spatial scales on the order of ~2500AU , resolving the clump substructure into individual cores .	We mapped that region with the PdBI in the 1.4mm and 3mm continuum and several transitions of H2CO and CH3CN .
The mean square displacement is found to be subdiffusive both in one and two dimensions .	The spatial dependence of the self part of the van Hove correlation function displays as function of $ r $ a single peak and signals a dramatic slow down of the system for high density .
This paper proposes a new anonymization technology called Transaction Remote Release ( TRR ) .	Inspired by The Onion Router ( TOR ) , TRR is able to render several typical attacking methods of ABPN ineffective .
All the parameters in our calculation are taken from Godfrey and Isgur 's quark model except the $ \pi^0-\eta $ mixing angle which is fixed by the $ D_s^* $ decay widths .	The calculated electromagnetic decay widths agree with those from other groups and the experimental data available quite well .
The paucity of old millisecond pulsars observed at the galactic center of the Milky Way could be the result of dark matter accumulating in and destroying neutron stars .	In regions of high dark matter density , dark matter clumped in a pulsar can exceed the Schwarzschild limit and collapse into a natal black hole which destroys the pulsar .
Sensitive observations of the CI ( 3P_1- & gt ; 3P_0 ) and CI ( 3P_2- & gt ; 3P_1 ) lines have been obtained at the IRAM Plateau de Bure interferometer and the IRAM 30m telescope .	A total of 16 CI lines have been targeted in 10 sources , leading to a total of 10 detected lines -- - this doubles the number of CI observations at high redshift to date .
An often-exploited feature of the operator product expansion ( OPE ) is that it incorporates a splitting of ultraviolet and infrared physics .	In this paper we use this feature of the OPE to perform simple , approximate computations of soft masses in gauge-mediated supersymmetry breaking .
We discuss the properties of galaxies around the radio galaxy 3C 324 at z=1.2 based on BVRIK ' multi-band imaging data .	We have applied a photometric-redshift technique to objects in the 3C 324 field , and identified 35 objects as plausible cluster members .
We have carried out a comprehensive number of time-dependent simulations aimed at exploring the appearance of the instability .	Our study has been performed using a fully relativistic hydrodynamics code .
The no-go theorem of unconditionally secure quantum bit commitment depends crucially on the assumption that Alice knows in detail all the probability distributions generated by Bob .	We show that if a protocol is concealing , then the cheating unitary transformation is independent of any parameters ( including probability distributions ) secretly chosen by Bob , so that Alice can calculate it without knowing Bob 's secret choices .
In this method , the disorder average of various Green 's functions are computed by a generalized coherent potential approximation .	A generalized non-equilibrium vertex correction algorithm is then developed to calculate disorder average of the product of any two real time single-particle Green 's functions .
Relying on these principles one obtains the bootstrap conditions which restrict the allowed values of the physical ( observable ) parameters appearing in the extended perturbation scheme built for a given localizable effective theory .	The renormalization prescriptions needed to fix the finite parts of counterterms in such a scheme can be divided into two subsets : minimal -- needed to fix the S-matrix , and non-minimal -- for eventual calculation of Green functions ; in this paper we consider only the minimal one .
Recent developments on the determination of the spin-1/2 spectrum of the nucleon in full QCD are presented .	Our focus is on the PACS-CS 2+1 flavor configurations made available through the ILDG .
The purpose of this study is to investigate the distributions of the isomeric molecules HCN and HNC and estimate their abundance ratio in the protostellar core Cha-MMS1 located in Chamaeleon { \sc i } .Methods .	The core was mapped in the J=1-0 rotational lines of HCN , HNC , and HN13C .
Using 29882/7369 kg-days of Reactor ON/OFF data , the Standard Model ( SM ) of electroweak interaction was probed at the 4-momentum transfer range of Q^2 ~ 3 X 10^ { -6 } GeV^2 .	A cross-section ratio of R_ { expt } = [ 1.08 +- 0.21 ( stat ) +- 0.16 ( sys ) ] X R_ { SM } was measured .
Such a mechanism may be relevant to the early growth of super-massive black holes at the Eddington limit and the appearance of the quasar phenomenon at high redshift .	This process is self-limiting in the sense that , when the black hole mass has grown to a significant fraction of the core mass , simple angular momentum conserving orbits are restored and accretion reverts to the slow viscous mode .
In fact , we give a sufficient homological condition under which a knot is slice with fundamental group Z semi-direct product Z [ 1/2 ] .	These two fundamental groups are known to be the only solvable ribbon groups .
This paper introduces and tests novel extensions of structured GPs to multidimensional inputs .	We present new methods for additive GPs , showing a novel connection between the classic backfitting method and the Bayesian framework .
VHE gamma rays with energy & gt ; 300 GeV were detected with a time-averaged integral flux of ( 4.2 +/- 0.7 ( stat ) +/- 2.0 ( sys ) ) x 10^-11 cm^-2 s^-1 .	There is evidence for VHE gamma ray emission during our observations in 1996 September and 1997 October/November .
In this work , we obtain results for all ranges of diffusion , i.e. , both for subdiffusion and superdiffusion , where the bath is such that it gives origin to a colored noise .	In this way we obtain the skewness and the non-Gaussian factor for the probability distribution function of the dynamical variable .
We adopt a local-electrode framework that is appropriate for scanning tunneling microscopy ( STM ) experiments where electroluminescence originates from individual molecules of moderate size on complex substrates : Couplings between the STM tip and molecule and between the molecule and multiple substrate sites are treated on the same footing , as local electrodes contacting the molecule .	Electron flow is modelled with the Lippmann-Schwinger Green function scattering technique .
One generalization of universal cycles , which require almost complete overlap of consecutive words , is s-overlap cycles , which relax such a constraint .	In this paper we study weak orders , which are relations that are transitive and complete .
Second , comparisons of results both at the levels of parameters and of techniques have begun and are continuing , leading to increasing homogeneity and consistency of distance measurements .	Third , new material are presented arising from ongoing observational programs at the University of Hawaii 2.2m telescope , radio telescopes at Green Bank , Arecibo , and Parkes and with Hubble Space Telescope .
Subsequent cascades increase the multiplicity of hidden sector particles which , after decaying back into the Standard Model , appear in the detector as clusters of collimated leptons known as lepton jets .	We identify the relevant collider observables that characterize this scenario , and study a wide range of LEP and Tevatron searches to recover the viable regions in the space of observables .
Recent work on noncommutative geometry requires deforming the above coproduct by the Drinfel 'd twist .	We prove that $ Z^0 \to 2\gamma $ is forbidden for the twisted coproduct as well .
A particular class of traces emerges from this framework , the hikes , whose alphabet is the set of simple cycles on the graph .	We show that hikes characterize undirected graphs uniquely , up to isomorphism , and satisfy remarkable algebraic properties such as the existence and unicity of a prime factorization .
The uncertainties from galaxy bias , the way light traces mass , is an important ingredient in the forecast .	Fixing the bias would increase our FoM equivalent to 3.3 times larger area for the combined constraints .
Triadic closure is a natural mechanism to make new connections , especially in social networks .	Here we show that models of network growth based on simple triadic closure naturally lead to the emergence of community structure , together with fat-tailed distributions of node degree , high clustering coefficients .
We give an explanation for the origin of various properties observed in local infrared galaxies , and make predictions for galaxy counts and cosmic background radiation ( CBR ) , by a new model extended from that for optical/near-infrared galaxies .	Important new characteristics of this study are that ( 1 ) mass scale dependence of dust extinction is introduced based on the size-luminosity relation of optical galaxies , and that ( 2 ) the big grain dust temperature T_dust is calculated based on a physical consideration for energy balance , rather than using the empirical relation between T_dust and total infrared luminosity L_IR found in local galaxies , which has been employed in most of previous works .
However , such objects , if they explain a large fraction of the SCUBA sources , can not extend through the halo without greatly exceeding the FIR-mm background .	Instead , I deduce the characteristic distance of the SCUBA sources to be around 100 pc , consistent with being drawn from a disk population with a scale height of few hundred parsecs .
In fact the 'a ' lattice parameter of Co doped samples is nearly unaffected for Co doped samples .	The superconducting transition temperature ( Tc ) is measured from both DC and AC magnetic susceptibility , which decrease with increase in Ni or Co content .
Unlike PSR B1931+24 , which switches between `` on '' and `` off '' states on a 30 -- 40 day time-scale , PSR 1832+0029 is similar to PSR J1841-0500 in that it spends a much longer period of time in the off-state .	So far , we have fully sampled two off-states .
Two-parameter continuations of these states are performed for increasing nonlinearity and optical lattice strengths , and their instabilities and temporal evolution are investigated .	It is found that the ground state as well as one of the excited states are either stable or weakly unstable for both attractive and repulsive interatomic interactions .
The exponent is proportional to the strength of the Coulomb interaction .	If the Luttinger liquid has a finite size , the Josephson current depends on the total number of electrons modulo 4 .
Recollements of triangulated categories may be seen as exact sequences of such categories .	Iterated recollements of triangulated categories are analogues of geometric or topological stratifications and of composition series of algebraic objects .
We present synthetic single-line and continuum linear-polarisation signatures due to electron scattering in axially-symmetric Type II supernovae ( SNe ) which we calculate using a Monte Carlo and a long-characteristic radiative-transfer code .	Aspherical ejecta are produced by prescribing a latitudinal scaling or stretching of SN ejecta inputs obtained from 1-D non-LTE time-dependent calculations .
We study the problem of designing codes that optimally tradeoff the diversity and multiplexing gains .	Our main contribution is a precise characterization of codes that are universally tradeoff-optimal , i.e. , they optimally tradeoff the diversity and multiplexing gains for every statistical characterization of the fading channel .
We also investigate the behavior of the decay amplitude as $ \sqrt { s } \to \infty $ .	Our conclusion is that the decay amplitudes approach a real value asymptotically .
Due to this term the classes suggest numerous symmetric or asymmetric chirped pulses and a variety of models with two crossings of the frequency resonance .	The latter models are generated by both real and complex transformations of the independent variable .
The mapping class group of the surface is proved to act on the moduli algebra by inner automorphisms .	The generators of these automorphisms are unitary elements of the moduli algebra .
3 ( 2003 ) 587-591 ] has shown that a virtual knot corresponds ( up to generalized Reidemeister moves ) to a unique embedding in a thichened surface of minimal genus .	If a virtual knot diagram is equivalent to a classical knot diagram then this minimal surface is a sphere .
Motivated by recent data on B- & gt ; p pbar K decay , we study various charmless three-body baryonic B decay modes , including Lambda pbar pi , Sigma0 pbar pi , p pbar pi , p pbar Kbar0 , in a factorization approach .	These modes have rates of order 10^ { -6 } .
Gravitational field of the nucleus is described by the Kerr metric .	The star is assumed to move along a geodesic arc between successive interactions with an equatorial accretion disc .
Co-occurrence matrices , such as co-citation , co-word , and co-link matrices , have been used widely in the information sciences .	However , confusion and controversy have hindered the proper statistical analysis of this data .
The pendulum model , in which the gravity projected along a rigid magnetic field is the restoring force , was proposed to explain these events .	However , it can be objected that in a realistic situation where the magnetic field reacts to the mass motion of the heavy prominence , the simplified pendulum model could be no longer valid .
In all cases , we obtain exact expressions for the density to first order in the pseudopotential strength .	The asymptotic behaviors of the densities are in agreement with the results obtained from bosonization for a Tomonaga-Luttinger liquid , namely , an interaction dependent power-law decay of the density far from the hard wall , a reflection from the point of discontinuity , and transmission resonances for the interacting region of finite length .
Recent studies have explored theoretically the ability of populations of neurons to carry information about a set of stimuli , both in the case of purely discrete or purely continuous stimuli , and in the case of multidimensional continuous angular and discrete correlates , in presence of additional quenched disorder in the distribution .	An analytical expression for the mutual information has been obtained in the limit of large noise by means of the replica trick .
It is known that these satisfy quantum ergodicity : For almost all eigenstates , the expectation values of quantum observables converge to the classical phase-space average with respect to Liouville measure of the corresponding classical observable .	The possible existence of any exceptional subsequences of eigenstates is an important issue , which until now was unresolved in any example .
Moreover , entanglement is a physical observable directly measured by the von Neumann entropy of the system .	We have used this concept in order to give a physical meaning to the electron correlation energy in systems of interacting electrons .
In the resonant-tunneling regime , the stationary state of the impurity spin is calculated for arbitrarily strong molecule-lead coupling using a master-equation approach , which treats the exchange interaction perturbatively .	We find that the characteristic fine structure in the differential conductance persists even if the hybridization energy exceeds thermal energies .
We consider eccentric orbits intersecting the disc once or twice per each revolution , and we solve the equations for osculating elements .	We find terminal radii of the orbits and time needed to bring the orbit into the disc plane as function of initial parameters , and we show that previous simplified estimates ( derived for the case of low eccentricity ) remain valid within factor of two .
We study the optimal control of general stochastic McKean-Vlasov equation .	Such problem is motivated originally from the asymptotic formulation of cooperative equilibrium for a large population of particles ( players ) in mean-field interaction under common noise .
These cultural interactions were in fact vaster involving Persian , Indian , Greek , and Chinese traditions .	I will particularly focus on some interesting relations between the Persian astronomical heritage and the Andalusian ( Spanish ) achievements in that period .
Many natural and engineered complex networks have intricate mesoscopic organization , e.g. , the clustering of the constituent nodes into several communities or modules .	Often , such modularity is manifested at several different hierarchical levels , where the clusters defined at one level appear as elementary entities at the next higher level .
The tube waves -- in the form of longitudinal sausage waves and transverse kink waves -- are generated on the many magnetic fibrils that lace the convection zone and pierce the solar photosphere .	Once generated by p-mode forcing , the tube waves freely propagate up and down the tubes , since the tubes act like light fibers and form a waveguide for these magnetosonic waves .
Algorithms for reconstructing evolutionary history from gene orders are usually based on repeatedly computing medians of genomes at neighbouring vertices of the tree .	We propose a new , more general approach , based on an iterative local optimization procedure .
The low temperature ( T & lt ; 40 K ) linear thermoelectric power is pressure independent and is characteristic for metallic nanotubes .	At higher temperatures it is enhanced and though S ( T ) is linear again above about 100 K it has a nonzero intercept .
The shear viscosity does not have a hydrodynamic interpretation in such backgrounds , but does quantify the rate of entropy production due to a strain .	Fluctuations of the metric components $ \delta g_ { xy } $ are massive about these backgrounds , leading to $ \eta/s & lt ; 1/ ( 4\pi ) $ at all finite temperatures ( even in Einstein gravity ) .
In order to obtain a reliable simulation , one usually needs to run the experiment on the scale of hundred nodes .	But this is expensive to develop and maintain .
The study was realized based on two approaches .	In the first one we considered a specific form to the fiducial metric and found different functions and constant parameters of the theory that guarantees the conservation of the energy momentum tensor .
The SU ( 5 ) symmetries on the lattice are broken by the vacuum expectation values of the link fields connecting adjacent SU ( 5 ) sites , leaving just the MSSM at low energies .	Below the SU ( 5 ) breaking scale , the theory gives rise to a similar spectrum as in orbifold breaking of SU ( 5 ) symmetry in 5 dimensions , and shares many features with the latter scenario .
A solvent comprising of 37 % weight fraction CH provides sufficient refractive index contrast to enable optical trapping , while maintaining good confocal imaging quality and minimal sedimentation effects on the bulk rheology .	At this condition , and at a depletant concentration c = 8.64 mg/mL ( c/c* = 0.81 ) , results from optical trapping show that 50 % of bonds rupture at 3.3 pN .
Researchers have designed different ways to use the magnitude of the filtered results for face recognition : Gabor Fisher classifier exploited only the magnitude information of Gabor magnitude pictures ( GMPs ) ; Local Gabor Binary Pattern uses only the gradient information .	In this paper , we regard GMPs as smooth surfaces .
We investigate the process of metal-free star formation in the first galaxies with a high-resolution cosmological simulation .	We consider the cosmologically motivated scenario in which a strong molecule-destroying Lyman-Werner ( LW ) background inhibits effective cooling in low-mass haloes , delaying star formation until the collapse or more massive haloes .
The in situ combination of Scanning Probe Microscopies ( SPM ) with X-ray microbeams adds a variety of new possibilities to the panoply of synchrotron radiation techniques .	In this paper we describe an optics-free AFM/STM that can be directly installed on synchrotron radiation end stations for such combined experiments .
The massive membrane approach leads to explicit formulas for viscoelastic tidal Love numbers which are exact in the limit of zero crust thickness .	Formulas for load Love numbers come as a bonus .
These include inference approaches derived from Kingman 's coalescent theory .	Here , we use recently described coalescent theory for epidemic dynamics to develop stochastic and deterministic coalescent SIR tree priors .
In particular , by taking into account the single element variability we find i ) dynamical acceleration and slowing down of the total resistance in adiabatic processes , ii ) dependence of the final state on the history of the input signal with same initial conditions , iii ) existence of switching avalanches in memristive ladders , and iv ) independence of the dynamics voltage threshold with respect to the number of memristive elements in the network ( scale invariance ) .	An important criterion for this scale invariance is the presence of memristive systems with very small threshold voltages in the ensemble .
We perform perturbative calculations of energy flow observables in jet-gap-jet processes , which consist of resummed primary emission calculations specific to the soft gluon geometry at HERA and an estimate of non-global ( secondary emission ) effects in clustered energy flow observables .	The resulting predictions agree well with H1 data .
Different formulations of the equations are presented , with special mention of conservative and hyperbolic formulations well-adapted to advanced numerical methods .	A large sample of available numerical schemes is discussed , paying particular attention to solution procedures based on schemes exploiting the characteristic structure of the equations through linearized Riemann solvers .
The atomic displacements proposed by Hirota { \it et al . } [ Phys.Rev.Lett .	{ \bf 73 } , 736 ( 1994 ) ] are accounted for by the model which includes linear coupling between $ Cu $ and $ O $ distortions .
Plamenevskaya showed that the contact Ozsvath-Szabo invariant is combinatorial once we are given an open book decomposition compatible with a contact structure .	The idea is to combine the algorithm of Sarkar and Wang with the recent description of the contact Ozsvath-Szabo invariant due to Honda , Kazez and Matic .
We argue that when SNe explode the star-forming cloud has already been partially destroyed by ionizing light and winds from massive stars .	SN remnants ( SNRs ) will first cause the collapse of most of the cloud gas into cold fragments , until the diffuse hot phase has a low enough density to make further radiative losses negligible .
In this paper , a method is presented for assigning priors based on beliefs on the presence or absence of certain paths in the true network .	Such beliefs correspond to knowledge about the possible causal and associative relations between pairs of variables .
Reflection produces spectral features such as an iron emission line , which allow for properties of the inner accretion disc and the corona to be constrained .	We perform a multi-epoch spectral analysis of all XMM-Newton , Suzaku , and NuSTAR observations of Mrk 335 , and we optimize our fitting procedure to unveil correlations between the Eddington ratio and the spectral parameters .
The variation in the concentration between the two fluids acts as an active scalar leading to a redefined conservation law for the energy , which is incorporated into the model together with a conservation law for the scalar .	The model is studied numerically at very high values of the Prandtl and Reynolds numbers and we investigate the properties close to the critical point of the miscibility gap where the diffusivity vanishes .
Comparing observational abundance features with nucleosynthesis predictions of stellar evolution or explosion simulations can scrutinize two aspects : ( a ) the conditions in the astrophysical production site and ( b ) the quality of the nuclear physics input utilized .	We test the abundance features of r-process nucleosynthesis calculations for the dynamical ejecta of neutron star merger simulations based on three different nuclear mass models : The Finite Range Droplet Model ( FRDM ) , the ( quenched version of the ) Extended Thomas Fermi Model with Strutinsky Integral ( ETFSI-Q ) , and the Hartree-Fock-Bogoliubov ( HFB ) mass model .
Pure entangled states , which are the desired input to the swapping protocol , are typically mixed by environmental interactions causing a reduction in their degree of entanglement .	Thus an understanding of entanglement swapping with partially mixed states is of importance .
When $ \tilde J=0 $ , this is the conventional Heisenberg model .	When J=0 , the system is either in a stripy antiferromagnetic order ( $ \tilde J & lt ; 0 $ , ferromagnetic for rotated spin ) or a zig-zag antiferromagnetic order ( $ \tilde J & gt ; 0 $ , antiferromagnetic for rotated spin ) .
First , I explain the notion of primitive ontology , which was originally introduced in the philosophy of quantum mechanics .	Then I examine the two common interpretations of mass : mass as a measure of the quantity of matter and mass as a dynamical property .
Our formulas are constructed using { \em only } known theoretical constraints plus the correlation energy $ \ec ( r_s , \zeta ) $ , and accurately reproduce the $ g_ { xc } $ of the Quantum Monte Carlo method and of the fluctuation-dissipation theorem with the Richardson-Ashcroft dynamical local-field factor .	Our $ g_ { xc } $ seems to be correct even in the high-density ( $ r_s\to 0 $ ) and low-density ( $ r_s \to \infty $ ) limits .
Recent models of the insurance risk process use a L\'evy process to generalise the traditional Cram\'er-Lundberg compound Poisson model .	This paper is concerned with the behaviour of the distributions of the overshoot and undershoots of a high level , for a L\ ' { e } vy process which drifts to $ -\infty $ and satisfies a Cram\'er or a convolution equivalent condition .
The observations cover quiescent , small flaring and outburst states of the system as defined by radio and X-ray monitoring .	The underlying infrared spectrum of the source , as observed during radio and X-ray quiescence and small flaring states , is one of broad , weak HeII and NV emission .
studied Bolt 's performance and predicted that Bolt could have run about one-tenth of a second faster , which was confirmed in Berlin .	In this paper we extend the analysis of Eriksen et al .
Here we use a variant of the Vicsek model that includes pairwise repulsive interactions .	Confining the system between parallel walls can qualitatively change its appearance : a laning state can emerge that is different from the ones previously reported .
We do also study the temporal evolution of the LE and establish the presence of a crossover to a situation where the quenching becomes irrelevant .	In the limit of large quench amplitude the non-equilibrium initial condition is found to result in a drastic increase in decoherence at large times , even far away from a QCP .
We investigate the power of jets and the viewing angle used for the synthetic Rotation Measure ( RM ) observations .	We find the model radio sources introduce and amplify fluctuations on the RM statistical properties ; the average RM and the RM standard deviation are increased by the action of the jets .
Meanwhile , for $ T & gt ; T_c $ , perturbation theory fails to converge , which I interpret as interaction mediated delocalization .	I calculate the boundary of the region of perturbative stability of localization in the interaction strength - temperature plane .
The Hopf algebra generated by the l-functionals on the quantum double C_q [ G ] \bowtie C_q [ G ] is considered , where C_q [ G ] is the coordinate algebra of a standard quantum group and q is not a root of unity .	It is shown to be isomorphic to C_q [ G ] ^op \bowtie U_q ( g ) .
80 , 5746-5749 ( 1998 ) ] that placed d_c as high as d=8 .	In particular , we find that avalanches are compact for all dimensions d & lt ; =4 , and are fractal for d & gt ; 4 .
Unrenormalizable theories contain infinitely many free parameters .	Considering these theories in terms of the Wilsonian renormalization group ( RG ) , we suggest a method for removing this large ambiguity .
This model consists in hidden sector invariant under an $ SU ( 2 ) _L $ gauge symmetry , whose masses are provided by the standard Higgs mechanism .	It is assumed that the standard model particles are also charged under this interaction .
A proper ansatz for the Localized state is introduced in the appropriate Hamiltonian of the system to obtain the reduced effective Hamiltonian .	The Hamiltonian contains a parameter , $ \beta = \phi_1/\phi_0 $ which is the ratio of stationary amplitudes at impurity sites .
Aretakis has proved that a massless scalar field has an instability at the horizon of an extreme Reissner-Nordstr\ '' om black hole .	We show that a similar instability occurs also for a massive scalar field and for coupled linearized gravitational and electromagnetic perturbations .
We find some constraints on the flavor changing vertices of the two Higgs doublet model , from the \Delta M_ { B_ { d } } measurement .	Although bounds from this observable have already been considered , this paper takes into account the role of a new operator not included previously , as well as the vertices \xi_ { bb } , \xi_ { tc } and \xi_ { sb } .
We present a new multi-component spectral energy distribution ( SED ) decomposition method and use it to analyze the ultraviolet to millimeter wavelength SEDs of a sample of dusty infrared-luminous galaxies .	SEDs are constructed from spectroscopic and photometric data obtained with the Spitzer Space Telescope , in conjunction with photometry from the literature .
There is the variant of AP which solutions are free of arising singularities if D=5 ; in this case AP acquires topological features of nonlinear sigma-model .	Starting with topological charge , one can also introduce the topological quasi-charge groups for field configurations having some symmetry .
This concept provides quantitative explanation of the vibron softening , libron and roton spectra , and increase of the IR vibron oscillator strength in phase III .	The temperature dependence of the effective charge parallels the frequency shifts of the IR and Raman vibrons .
Exact stationary solutions of the wave equation are obtained to describe the interaction between magnetic moment of elementary particle and circularly polarized photons .	The obtained solutions substantially modify the conventional model of field-matter interaction .
We analytically generalize this theory to fourth-order in the eccentricities , compare the result with the second-order theory and octupole-level theory , and apply these theories to the likely secularly-dominated HD 12661 , HD 168443 , HD 38529 and Ups And multi-planet systems .	The fourth-order scheme yields a multiply-branched criterion for maintaining apsidal libration , and implies that the apsidal rate of a small body is a function of its initial eccentricity , dependencies which are absent from the traditional theory .
In some of these stars the dominant part of the spot activity changes the longitude every few years .	This so-called flip-flop phenomenon has up to now been reported in 11 stars , both single and binary alike , and including also the Sun .
Recently Fuller & amp ; Shi proposed that the gravitational collapse of supermassive objects ( $ M \gtrsim 10^4M_\odot $ ) could be a cosmological source of $ \gamma $ -ray bursts ( GRBs ) .	The major advantage of their model is that supermassive object collapses are far more energetic than solar mass-scale compact mergers .
The vertex operators corresponding to the wormhole are derived .	Conformally coupled scalars and spinors are considered in the wormhole background and the vertex operators are computed .
In this paper we formulate and test numerically a fully-coupled discontinuous Galerkin ( DG ) method for incompressible two-phase flow with discontinuous capillary pressure .	The spatial discretization uses the symmetric interior penalty DG formulation with weighted averages and is based on a wetting-phase potential / capillary potential formulation of the two-phase flow system .
For models with constant warping we find that the non-Gaussian amplitude is bounded from above ( as a function of $ \gamma $ ) .	For $ AdS $ backgrounds we find that the signature is generally large and positive , although is no longer globally defined over the full phase space .
Any measured property of the sample can be used by the lithographic interface to realize interactive patterning of the sample .	Moreover , the 'contour-mode ' permits to move tip at a fixed relative tip-sample distance , exploiting at each step the previously-acquired topographic signal .
These photospheric features disappear when the simulated observations are degraded with a telescope PSF similar to the one of Hinode .	We analyse the possibilities for direct observations and confirmation of Alfven wave presence in the solar photosphere .
We consider the three-state toric homogeneous Markov chain model ( THMC ) without loops and initial parameters .	At time $ T $ , the size of the design matrix is $ 6 \times 3\cdot 2^ { T-1 } $ and the convex hull of its columns is the model polytope .
The proposed model accounts for two important observational features .	First , the high obscuration of Circinus central source is produced by high velocity and dense clouds with characteristic high dust-to-gas ratios .
In addition to the N-body code galaxy , which offers eleven different methods to compute the gravitational accelerations , the package also includes sophisticated set-up and analysis software .	This paper gives an outline of the contents of the package and provides links to the source code and a comprehensive on-line manual .
Global dimensions for fusion categories defined by a pair ( G , k ) , where G is a Lie group and k a positive integer , are expressed in terms of Lie quantum superfactorial functions .	The global dimension is defined as the square sum of quantum dimensions of simple objects , for the category of integrable modules over an affine Lie algebra at some level .
The stationary background flow in the spherically symmetric infall of a compressible fluid , coupled to the space-time defined by the static Schwarzschild metric , has been subjected to linearized perturbations .	The perturbative procedure is based on the continuity condition and it shows that the coupling of the flow with the geometry of space-time brings about greater stability for the flow , to the extent that the amplitude of the perturbation , treated as a standing wave , decays in time , as opposed to the amplitude remaining constant in the Newtonian limit .
The plasma lens concept is examined as an alternative to focusing horns and solenoids for a neutrino beam facility .	The concept is based on a combined high-current lens/target configuration .
It turns out that the short-range strong correlations suppress finite wave-vector nesting instabilities for both symmetries but favor the occurrence of phase separation in the symmetric channel .	Inclusion of a sizeable long-range Coulomb ( LRC ) interaction frustrates the q=0 instabilities and supports the formation of incommensurate charge-density waves ( CDW ) .
We study a one dimensional model for two-phase flows in heterogeneous media , in which the capillary pressure functions can be discontinuous with respect to space .	We first give a model , leading to a system of degenerated non-linear parabolic equations spatially coupled by non linear transmission conditions .
We study numerically the dynamics of conduction blocks using a detailed electrophysiological model .	We find that this dynamics depends critically on the size of the paced region .
Particular effort is made to connect the structure functions to the densities of the appropriate charges and currents .	This allows for a systematic comparison between the relativistic and nonrelativistic calculations , by analysing the same densities in both approaches .
The production cross sections of the three scalar Higgs bosons in $ e^+e^- $ collisions are evaluated for the proposed c.m .	energies of the future $ e^+e^- $ colliders , for the whole space of relevant parameters .
Their origin is expected to be set as the first units in CDM cosmology .	Nevertheless they are the galaxy type most sensitive to environmental in uences and their division into multiple types with various properties have invoked the picture of their variant morphological transformations .
The lowest classical value of the viscosity for an attractive potential is shown to be a hard sphere limit .	The high wave number-short wavelength limits of the quantum result have scaling laws associated with it for both the viscosity and entropy .
Our results imply that there is an algorithm that finds all stable models of a program with n clauses after considering the search space of size O ( 3^ { n/3 } ) in the worst case .	Our results also provide some insights into the question of representability of families of sets as families of stable models of logic programs .
We discuss at which numbers of `teeth ' $ N $ ( or number of DNA nucleotides ) and at which heights of the sawtooth potential this difference becomes significant .	For large $ N $ , it is well known that the mean first passage time scales as $ N^2 $ .
We establish that neither soft X-rays nor FUV radiation has enough energy to power the H2 radiation , only the stellar EUV radiation shortward of 912 Angstrom does .	Advection of material from the cold regions of the knots produces an extensive zone where both atomic and molecular hydrogen are found , allowing the H2 to directly be heated by Lyman continuum radiation , thus providing a mechanism that can explain the excitation temperature and surface brightness of the cusps and tails .
We present photometry and spectroscopy of the Type IIn supernova ( SN ) 2011ht , identified previously as a SN impostor .	The light curve exhibits an abrupt transition from a well-defined ~120 day plateau to a steep bolometric decline .
We show the subtlety of the matter energy-momentum conservation law which refers to the fact that the conformal transformation `` creates '' an extra matter term composed of the conformal factor which enters the conservation law .	In an extreme case of the flat original spacetime the matter is `` created '' due to work done by the conformal transformation to bend the spacetime which was originally flat .
A role of the Thomas-Reiche-Kuhn ( TRK ) sum rule enhancement factor , connected to the isovector effective mass , is also investigated .	Methods : The electric dipole photoabsorption cross section was calculated within a parallelized FAM-QRPA scheme .
In particular , we have carefully corrected and calibrated these indices onto the commonly used Lick/IDS system , thus allowing us to compare these data with other measurements in the literature , and derive realistic ages , metallicities ( [ Z/H ] ) and alpha-element abundance ratios ( [ alpha/Fe ] ) for these galaxies using Simple Stellar Population ( SSP ) models .	We use these data to study the relationship of these galaxy parameters with redshift , and find little evidence for evolution in metallicity or alpha-elements ( especially for our intermediate mass samples ) .
We consider and review the emergence of singular energy densities and field fluctuations at sharp boundaries or point-like field sources in the vacuum .	The presence of singular energy densities of a field may be relevant from a conceptual point of view , because they contribute to the self-energy of the system .
The relative lack of metal-poor stars indicates that the LMC has a `` G dwarf '' problem , similar to the Milky Way .	The abundance distribution can be closely approximated by two Gaussians containing 89 % and 11 % of the stars , respectively : the first component is centered at [ Fe/H ] = -0.37 with standard deviation = 0.15 , and the second at [ Fe/H ] = -1.08 with standard deviation = 0.46 .
This is the second part of an H-alpha kinematics follow-up survey of the Spitzer Infrared Nearby Galaxies Survey ( SINGS ) sample .	The aim of this program is to shed new light on the role of baryons and their kinematics and on the dark/luminous matter relation in the star forming regions of galaxies , in relation with studies at other wavelengths .
The fermion sign problem is studied in the path integral formalism .	The standard picture of Fermi liquids is first critically analyzed , pointing out some of its rather peculiar properties .
Due to the non-holomorphic nature of the tachyon perturbations , the transcendental equations which we derive for the string susceptibility are manifestly non-holomorphic .	We explore the phase structure and critical behavior of the theory .
The exchange bias , observed below 8~K , is explained as arising due to the interface effect between the ferromagnetic and antiferromagnetic clusters created by { \it antisite } disorder in this material .	Below 8~K , prominent ferromagnetic hysteresis with metamagnetic `` steps '' and significant coercive field , $ H_c \approx $ 10~kOe are observed in this compound which has a $ T_c \approx $ 75~K .
One of three sterile neutrinos , effective in the Majorana righthanded and Dirac parts of the proposed mixing matrix , is responsible for the possible LSND effect by inducing one of three extra neutrino mass states to exist actively .	The corresponding form of neutrino mass matrix is derived .
The model can be also seen as an extremely simply example of interconnected networks .	For this reason , it is surprising that the percolation transition in the classical blockmodel has not been examined so far , although the phenomenon has been studied in a variety of much more complicated models of interconnected and multiplex networks .
PL saturation in monolayer MoSe2 occurs an excitation intensity more than two orders of magnitude lower than in monolayer MoS2 .	Transient reflection shows that the nonlinear exciton-exciton annihilation is the dominant exciton decay process in monolayer MoSe2 in contrast to the previously reported linear exciton decay in monolayer MoS2 .
Active learning ( AL ) is a learning paradigm where an active learner has to train a model ( e.g. , a classifier ) which is in principal trained in a supervised way , but in AL it has to be done by means of a data set with initially unlabeled samples .	To get labels for these samples , the active learner has to ask an oracle ( e.g. , a human expert ) for labels .
This completely answers the question proposed by Ronald R. Coifman and Guido Weiss in 1977 in this setting , and improves on a deep result of Uchiyama in 1980 on an Ahlfors 1-regular space and a recent result of Loukas Grafakos et al in this setting .	Moreover , we obtain a maximal function theory of localized Hardy spaces in the sense of Goldberg on RD-spaces by generalizing the above result to localized Hardy spaces and establishing the links between Hardy spaces and localized Hardy spaces .
We investigate the potential of the sparse data produced by the Catalina Sky Survey astrometric project ( CSS for short ) in asteroid shape and rotational state determination by the lightcurve inversion method .	We show that although the photometric quality of the CSS data , compared to the dense data , is significantly worse , it is in principle possible that these data are for some asteroids with high lightcurve amplitudes sufficient for a unique shape determination .
The thermal requirements of the LFI , and in particular the stringent limits to acceptable thermal fluctuations in the 20 K focal plane , are a critical element to achieve the instrument scientific performance .	Thermal tests were carried out as part of the on-ground calibration campaign at various stages of instrument integration .
The method is applied not only to generic uncorrelated on-site disorder but also to simultaneous hopping disorder correlated with the differences of adjacent disorder potentials .	Such correlations are inherent in fine-grained optical speckle potentials used as a source of disorder in optical lattice experiments .
By using the recent nonperturbative equation of state of the quark gluon plasma derived in the formalism of the Field Correlator Method , we investigate the bulk properties of the strange quark matter in beta-equilibrium and with charge neutrality at T=p=0 .	The results show that the stability of strange quark matter with respect to $ ^ { 56 } Fe $ is strongly dependent on the model parameters , namely , the gluon condensate $ G_2 $ and the q $ \bar { \rm q } $ interaction potential $ V_1 $ .
However , when the tip gets close to the molecule to perform measurements , the electrostatic interplay between the tip and substrate may generate non-trivial potential distribution , charge transfer and forces , all of which may alter the electronic and physical structure of the molecule .	These effects are investigated with the ab initio quantum transport code SMEAGOL , combining non-equilibrium Green 's functions formalism with density functional theory .
Quantum diffraction effects through the Bohm potential are also taken into account .	A general coupling parameter valid for dilute and dense plasmas is proposed .
Our studies profit from the interplay of that recently found global symmetry of the model on any bipartite lattice with the transformation laws under a suitable electron - rotated-electron unitary transformation of a well-defined set of operators and quantum objects .	For $ U/4t & gt ; 0 $ the occupancy configurations of these objects generate the energy eigenstates that span the one- and two-electron subspace .
math , 122 ( 1995 ) , 359-402 , preprint hep-th/9406036 ] , whereby every vector of a BS basis is defined by some half-weighted Legendrian distribution coming from a Bohr-Sommerfeld fibre of a real polarization of the underlying symplectic manifold .	The advantage of BS bases ( compared to bases of theta functions in [ A. Tyurin , Quantization and `` theta functions '' , Jussieu preprint 216 ( Apr 1999 ) , e-print math.AG/9904046 , 32pp . ] )
We find that the contributions of the `` hot spots '' on the Fermi surface to the optical conductivity and specific heat obey hyperscaling ( up to logarithms ) , and agree with the results of the large $ N $ analysis of the optical conductivity by Hartnoll et al . ( Phys.Rev .	B 84 , 125115 ( 2011 ) ) .
We also measure & lt ; [ alpha/Fe ] & gt ; =+0.40 +/- 0.16 dex , and & lt ; [ Ba/Fe ] & gt ; =+0.87 +/- 0.23 dex , in general agreement with past studies .	It is very interesting to note that we found a uniform Al abundance , & lt ; [ Al/Fe ] & gt ; =+0.32 +/- 0.14 dex , for all the 18 SGB-a stars analysed here , thus supporting past evidence that the usual ( anti- ) correlations are not present in this population , and suggesting a non globular cluster-like origin of this particular population .
We find and rank-order the voids of suitable examples of fractal point sets in one and two dimensions to test whether Zipf 's power-law holds .	We conclude affirmatively and , furthermore , that the rank-ordering of voids conveys similar information to the number-radius function , as regards the scaling regime and the transition to homogeneity .
Metal-insulator transition ( MIT ) is ubiquitous in condensed matter systems and has long been a subject of intense study in physics .	To understand MIT , which may arise from diverse microscopic origins , it is essential to determine the mechanism governing it .
Even when the Cauchy problem is well-posed for generic Cauchy data , there may exist characteristic Cauchy data .	Characteristics of PDEs play an important role both in Mathematics and in Physics .
The mutation and selection of regulatory DNA sequences is presented as an ideal model system of molecular evolution where genotype , phenotype , and fitness can be explicitly and independently characterized .	In this theoretical study , we construct an explicit model for the evolution of regulatory sequences , making use of the known biophysics of the binding of regulatory proteins to DNA sequences , under the assumption that fitness of a sequence depends only on its binding affinity to the regulatory protein .
Essentially , it is a technology that can speed up the construction of large-scale network systems .	This model can be efficiently executed to directly describe design content in a simple way .
Upper bounds on the sample size required for estimating their probabilities can be given in terms of the VC-dimension of the set of corresponding cylinder sets .	The sample size grows less than linearly with n .
However in theories that explain the fermion mass hierarchy , it may be generated at the Planck scale with a strength such that the decays $ p\to K^0 \ell^+ $ are both compatible with the proton lifetime and visible at Super-Kamiokande .	Observable proton decay can even occur in theories without unification .
We studied a novel family of paraxial laser beams forming an overcomplete yet nonorthogonal set of modes .	These modes have a singular phase profile and are eigenfunctions of the photon orbital angular momentum .
An example of such a vacuum contribution is the axial anomaly , which appears in the divergence of the flavor singlet axial current and which is connected to the topological properties of QCD .	From a field theoretical point of view flavor singlet matrix elements differ from non singlet amplitudes in the occurrence of so called disconnected insertions .
We present results from a deep ( 1 sigma = 5.7 mJy beam^ { -1 } per 20.8 km s^ { -1 } velocity channel ) ^ { 12 } CO ( 1-0 ) interferometric observation of the central 60 '' region of the nearby edge-on starburst galaxy NGC 2146 observed with the Nobeyama Millimeter Array ( NMA ) .	Two diffuse expanding molecular superbubbles and one molecular outflow are successfully detected .
As a result , the network self-organizes to the percolation transition with activity avalanches propagating marginally across the graph .	No fine-tuning of parameters is needed .
We employ a renormalization scheme that introduces the ratio of the gluon mass parameter $ m $ to the saturation value of the gluon propagator .	This , along with the mass $ m ( \mu ) $ and the strong coupling $ \alpha_s ( \mu ) $ , provided the fit parameters for comparison with $ SU ( 3 ) $ lattice results renormalized at the scale $ \mu $ .
A careful treatment of closed string BRST cohomology shows that there are more discrete states and associated symmetries in $ D=2 $ string theory than has been recognized hitherto .	The full structure , at the $ SU ( 2 ) $ radius , has a natural description in terms of abelian gauge theory on a certain three dimensional cone $ Q $ .
We found that the disconnected contribution is about twice larger than the connected one .	The value for the full $ \pi $ - $ N $ $ \sigma $ term $ \sigma=40-60 $ MeV is consistent with the experimental estimates .
These differences strongly affect the future evolution of the collision products , particularly products of collisions between unequal mass stars which have undergone significant chemical evolution .	The use of polytropes as parent star models is likely to result in qualitatively mistaken results for the structure of the collision product .
To experience the full potential of these approaches , innovative development support tools and service provisioning environments are needed .	To answer these needs , we introduce the SONATA architecture , a service programming , orchestration , and management framework .
Better constraints on $ \Omega_ { M } $ and $ \Omega_ { \Lambda } $ are obtained with the ( tighter ) $ E_ { \rm peak } $ -- $ E_ { \gamma } $ correlation derived in the wind density scenario .	We explore the improvements to the constraints of the cosmological parameters that could be reached with a large sample , $ \sim $ 150 GRBs , in the future .
This new mechanism is of no help to reconcile the discrepancy in b forward-backward asymmetry .	We also point out the implication of this mechanism to heavy flavor production in other collider experiments .
We use two different procedures to fight each of them .	To suppress spurious transitions we use correcting pulses ( generalized $ 2\pi k $ method ) while to suppress errors due to external perturbation we use an improved QFT algorithm .
Unfortunately , as it is demonstrated in this paper , they do not .	The conventional worldwide uranium resources are estimated by the authors of the Red Book as 5.5 million tons .
In this paper , we propose a novel distance function for measuring inter-graph node similarity with edit distance , called NED .	In NED , two nodes are compared according to their local neighborhood structures which are represented as unordered k-adjacent trees , without relying on labels or other assumptions .
We investigate the role of stellar axial rotation on the nitrogen nucleosynthesis at low metallicities Z .	For this purpose , we have calculated models with initial masses between 2 and 60 M $ _\odot $ at Z=0.00001 from the zero age sequence to the phase of thermal pulses for models below or equal to 7 M $ _\odot $ , and up to the end of central C -- burning for the more massive stars .
Our main motivation is provided by applications to linear systems of ordinary differential equations , general and Hamiltonian , which have both time-preserving and time-reversing symmetries .	However the theory gives a uniform method to obtain normal forms and unfoldings for a wide variety of linear differential equations with additional structure .
We investigate the one-body dissipation dynamics in heavy-ion collisions of $ ^ { 16 } { \rm O } $ + $ ^ { 16 } { \rm O } $ using a fully three-dimensional time-dependent Hartree-Fock ( TDHF ) theory with the modern Skyrme energy functional and without any symmetry restrictions .	The energy dissipation is revealed to decrease in deep-inelastic collisions of the light systems as the bombarding energy increases owing to the competition between collective motion and single-particle degrees of freedom .
During the course of a large spectroscopic survey of X-ray active late-type stars in the solar neighbourhood , we discovered four lithium-rich stars packed within just a few degrees on the sky .	These very young stars are projected several degrees away from the Cepheus-Cassiopea clouds , in front of an area void of interstellar matter .
The effect is a consequence of special symmetry and is related to resonant multiphoton mixing of several pairs of oscillator states at a time .	We also discuss escape from a metastable state of forced vibrations .
The representation generalizes previous bosonic quantum phase-space methods to Fermi systems .	We derive equivalences between quantum and stochastic moments , as well as operator correspondences that map quantum operator evolution onto stochastic processes in phase space .
These effects describe the dynamical influence of the accelerated cosmic rays on the shocked plasma at the same time as addressing how the non-uniformities in the fluid flow force the distribution of the cosmic rays to deviate from pure power-laws .	Such deviations are crucial to gamma-ray spectral determination .
We present results of a lattice computation of the matrix elements of the vector and axial-vector currents which are relevant for the semi-leptonic decays $ D \rightarrow K $ and $ D \rightarrow K^* $ .	The computations are performed in the quenched approximation to lattice QCD on a $ 24^3 \times 48 $ lattice at $ \beta=6.2 $ , using an $ O ( a ) $ -improved fermionic action .
We also observed that the volume compressibility of nanocrystals becomes higher that the bulk one at 5 GPa .	In addition , at 10.7 ( 8 ) GPa we observed the onset of an structural phase transition in bulk PbMoO4 .
Plutinos are Kuiper-belt objects that share the 3:2 Neptune resonance with Pluto .	The long-term stability of Plutino orbits depends on their eccentricity .
This is manifested by : 1 ) secular evolution of morphological types towards earlier types and 2 ) growth of diffuse emission .	Virtually all cold , warm and hot gas in SQ is found outside of the member galaxies .
We use a Feshbach P-Q partitioning technique to derive a closed one-component integro-differential equation .	The resultant equation properly traces the footprint of the target eigenstate .
This paper is concerned with active network tomography where the goal is to recover information about quality-of-service ( QoS ) parameters at the link level from aggregate data measured on end-to-end network paths .	The estimation and monitoring of QoS parameters , such as loss rates and delays , are of considerable interest to network engineers and Internet service providers .
We find that the strongest correlations of almost all the emission-line intensity ratios and equivalent widths ( EWs ) are with the Eddington ratio ( L/L_ { Edd } ) , rather than with the continuum luminosity at 5100\AA\ ( L_ { 5100 } ) or black hole mass ( M_ { BH } ) ; the only exception is the EW of ultraviolet Fe II emission , which does not correlate at all with broad-line width , L_ { 5100 } , M_ { BH } , or L/L_ { Edd } .	By contrast , the intensity ratios of both the ultraviolet and optical Fe II emission to Mg II \lambda 2800 correlate quite strongly with L/L_ { Edd } .
Thorne and Kidder give expressions which allow for analytical estimates of the `` kick '' , it i.e.the recoil , produced from asymmetrical gravitational radiation during the interaction of black holes , or in fact any gravitating compact bodies .	( The Thorne-Kidder formula uses momentum flux calculations based on the linearized General Relativity of gravitational radiation . )
The functional relations for arbitrary values of L are established .	Guided by numerical evidences , we obtain a set of coupled integral equations from the established relations , which yields the evaluation of the free energy at arbitrary temperature .
Using pairs of images from the Chandra High-Resolution Camera we examine the proper motion of the central compact object ( CCO ) 1E 1207.4-5209 in the supernova remnant ( SNR ) PKS 1209-51/52 , and the unusual pulsar Calvera that is possibly a CCO descendant .	For 1E 1207.4-5209 , an insignificant proper motion of 15+/-7 mas/yr is measured , corresponding to a corrected tangential velocity of & lt ; 180 km/s at the distance of 2 kpc .
The Canonical Transformation theory of Yanai and Chan [ J. Chem.Phys .	124 , 194106 ( 2006 ) ] provides a rigorously size-extensive description of dynamical correlation in multireference problems .
Here we examine this question within the classical Black and Scholes ( BS ) model , focusing on the evolution of the probability density function P ( w ) of a random variable w = a_T^ { ( 1 ) } / ( a_T^ { ( 1 ) } + a_T^ { ( 2 ) } ) where a_T^ { ( 1 ) } and a_T^ { ( 2 ) } are the values of two ( either European- or the Asian-style ) options produced by two absolutely identical BS stochastic equations .	We show that within the realm of the BS model the behavior of P ( w ) is surprisingly different from common-sense-based expectations .
SRS document needed for software development is mostly written in Natural Language ( NL ) convenient for the client .	From the SRS document only , the class name , its attributes and the functions incorporated in the body of the class are traced based on pre-knowledge of analyst .
By estimating statistically each term of the eigenvalue problem and by suitably inverting a certain linear operator ( see previously quoted articles ) , we are able to construct a more realistic estimator of the division rate that achieves the same optimal error bound as in related deterministic inverse problems .	Our procedure relies on kernel methods with automatic bandwidth selection .
At low temperatures a marked increase in the effective penetration depth and surface resistance is observed associated with the paramagnetic and antiferromagnetic alignment of the Gd spins .	The effective penetration depth has a sharp change in slope at the N\'eel temperature , $ T_N $ , and the surface resistance peaks at a frequency dependent temperature below 3K .
The direction of the shift is consistent with an antiferromagnetic exchange coupling between the ferromagnetic LSMO layer and the ferromagnetic SRO layer .	We propose that atomic layer charge transfer modifies the electronic state at the interface , resulting in the observed antiferromagnetic interfacial exchange coupling .
These new low-energy constants do not have a counterpart in the unquenched theory , and should thus be considered as an artifact of the quenched approximation .	Here we consider strong penguin operators consisting of products of two left-handed flavor currents , and give a complete one-loop analysis in the effective theory for K^0 to vacuum and K^+ to pi^+ matrix elements .
We use fragmenting jet functions ( FJFs ) in the context of quarkonia to study the production channels predicted by NRQCD ( 3S_1^ ( 1 ) , 3S_1^ ( 8 ) , 1S_0^ ( 8 ) , 3P_J^ ( 8 ) ) .	We choose a set of FJFs that give the probability to find a quarkonium with a given momentum fraction inside a cone-algorithm jet with fixed cone size and energy .
We study the critical temperature T_c of SFF trilayers ( S is a singlet superconductor , F is a ferromagnetic metal ) , where the long-range triplet superconducting component is generated at noncollinear magnetizations of the F layers .	We demonstrate that T_c can be a nonmonotonic function of the angle \alpha between the magnetizations of the two F layers .
FTQC using topological codes is based on sequential measurements of multiqubit stabilizer operators .	Here , we first propose a leakage-resilient procedure to perform repetitive measurements of multiqubit stabilizer operators , and then use this scheme as an ingredient to develop a leakage-resilient approach for surface code quantum error correction with superconducting circuits .
Spatial decomposition is a popular basis for parallelising code .	Cast in the frame of task parallelism , calculations on a spatial domain can be treated as a task .
Varying $ { \cal R } $ and $ { \rm Re } $ permits the passage through several codimension-two points .	We find that the coefficients of the nonlinear terms in a generic Landau equation for the primary bifurcation are discontinuous at the codimension-two points .
These projects can address universal themes and develop well-being models that are valuable across a diversity of societies and economies .	It is a universal fact that SMEs in all countries provide a substantial proportion of total employment , and conduct much of a nation 's innovative activity .
As a function of applied voltage , the Josephson critical current shows a logarithmic divergence called the Riedel peak at the gap voltage , while the QPIC shows a discontinuous jump .	The Riedel peak reverses due to the 0- $ \pi $ transition and disappears near the 0- $ \pi $ transition point .
For the $ J^P=1^- $ candidate , with chosen parameters , we can get $ \Gamma ( Z^+\to\psi'\pi^+ ) /\Gamma ( Z^+\to J/\psi\pi^+ ) \thickapprox 5.3 $ , which tends to account for why the $ Z^+ ( 4430 ) $ is difficult to be found in $ J/\psi\pi^+ $ .	However , the $ 0^- $ candidate can not be ruled out by our calculations .
With a valuation close to 7 billion USD at the time when it went public , Zynga became one of the biggest web IPOs since Google .	This recent enthusiasm for social networking companies raises the question whether they are overvalued .
Extending the cluster state based quantum teleportation on the basic unit of three qubits ( or qudits ) , the corresponding multi-qubit network is constructed for both the qubits and qudits ( multi-level ) cases .	The classical information costs to complete this communication task is also analyzed .
Assuming that there exist check and variable nodes with minimum distance 2 , it is shown that the growth rate depends only on these nodes .	An important connection between this new result and the stability condition of D-GLDPC codes over the BEC is highlighted .
Is it true , that the nilpotency degree of $ F_ { 2 , m } $ has exponential growth ? ''	We show that the nilpotency degree of $ l $ -generated associative algebra with the identity $ x^d=0 $ is smaller than $ \Psi ( d , d , l ) $ , where $ \Psi ( n , d , l ) =l ( nd ) ^ { C \log ( nd ) } $ and $ C $ is a constant .
In this paper we present the results related to the Meso-Nh model ability in reconstructing the surface layer atmospherical parameters ( wind speed intensity , wind direction and absolute temperature , [ 0-30 ] m a.g.l . ) .	The model reconstruction of all the atmospherical parameters in the surface layer is very satisfactory .
The MEG onset shifts to lower energies and the efficiency increases as the radius grows .	We point out that the energy dependence of the MEG efficiency differs considerably between ensembles with small and large inhomogeneity of nancrystal sizes .
An approximate solution of the equations of motion for the order parameter in scenarios emulating uniform scaling expansions show that even with a rapid quench only the pionic modes grow unstable .	Nevertheless , the rapid and oscillatory relaxation of the order parameters leads to enhanced production of both pions and ( to a lesser degree ) kaons .
In addition , the Fe II poblem regarding the BLR of AGN is analysed .	Neither the correlations between the BAL , IR emission , FeII intensity and the intrinsic properties of the AGN are clearly understood .
The sampling of the following 260-day is not frequent enough to be phase-connected .	After that interval , our timing analysis yields that there is a fractional frequency change of $ \frac { \Delta\nu } { \nu } \sim8.20 ( 2 ) \times10^ { -7 } $ .
However , these observables are not compatible and some of them , namely the coordinates of the origin of F , can not be represented by self-adjoint operators .	Both these difficulties can be overcome by considering a positive-operator-valued measure ( POVM ) on P , covariant with respect to the left translations of the group , namely a covariance system .
This is upper bounded by the information-theoretic feedback capacity , which is the supremum of the achievable rates .	A sufficient condition is provided under which the upper bound holds with equality .
We find that the feedback provided by the cavity field on the atomic motion synchronizes Bloch oscillations via a mode-locking mechanism , steering the atoms to the lowest Bloch band .	It also stabilizes Bloch oscillations against noise , and even suppresses dephasing due to atom-atom interactions .
The rainbow connection number $ rc ( G ) $ of a connected graph $ G $ is the smallest number of colors that are needed in order to make $ G $ rainbow connected.Caro et al .	showed an upper bound $ rc ( G ) \leq n-\delta $ for a connected graph $ G $ of order $ n $ with minimum degree $ \delta $ in `` On rainbow connection , Electron.J . Combin .
In this paper , we study the algorithmic issues on path cooperative games that arise from the situations where some commodity flows through a network .	In these games , a coalition of edges or vertices is successful if it enables a path from the source to the sink in the network , and lose otherwise .
The results of the numerical simulations perfectly match the length critical size derived from a parameter-free analytical model .	By considering different driving and commensurability interface configurations , we explore the distinctive nature of the transition from superlubric to high-friction sliding states which occurs above the critical size , discovering the occurrence of previously undetected multiple dissipative jumps in the friction force as a function of the slider length .
The Galactic rotation curve derived from an analysis of line-of-sight velocities and proper motions of OB-associations is almost flat in the 3-kpc neighborhood of the Sun .	The angular rotation velocity at the solar distance is Omega_0=31 +/-1 km s-1 kpc-1 .
Propagation of spoof surface plasmon polaritons ( spoof SPPs ) on comb-shaped ultrathin metal strips made of aluminum foil and printed copper circuit are studied experimentally and numerically .	With a near field scanning technique , electric field distributions on these metal strips are measured directly .
Assuming the function $ \Phi ( F ) $ to be regular at small $ F $ , it is shown that a regular axis is impossible in R-fields if there is a nonzero effective electric charge and in A-fields if there is a nonzero effective electric current along the axis .	Solitonic solutions are only possible for purely magnetic R-fields and purely electric A-fields , in cases when $ \Phi ( F ) $ tends to a finite limit at large $ F $ .
Even more striking is the observation of vortex motion where the vortex cores are divided between two positions before totally moving from one position to the other .	Both effects can be explained by quantum tunneling of vortices between different pinning centers .
Given this classification , it is natural to ask whether or not fermion type determines a superselection rule .	It is also important to determine what observable effects fermion type might have ; for example , can the type of a given fermion be determined by laboratory experiments ?
These naturally divide into two pairs of Cartesian-like coordinates on two-dimensional subspaces , one corresponding to left- and the other to right-circular polarization .	We thus refer to these as CPF ( circular polarization factored ) coordinates .
An exact expresion for the chiral anomaly is found .	In the commutative limit the standard formula is recovered .
In general , the formulation of the junction conditions ( except for Euler characteristics such as Gauss-Bonnet term ) leads to the higher powers of the delta function and requires regularization .	We suggest the way to avoid such a problem by imposing the metric and its first derivative to be regular at the brane , while the second derivative to have a kink , the third derivative of the metric to have a step function discontinuity , and no sooner as the fourth derivative of the metric to give the delta function contribution to the field equations .
We introduce a new randomized algorithm for finding cutting planes based only on function evaluations , where , counterintuitively , the algorithm must look outside the feasible region to discover the structure of the star-convex function that lets it compute the next cut of the feasible region .	We emphasize that the class of star-convex functions we consider is as unrestricted as possible : the class of Lebesgue measurable star-convex functions has theoretical appeal , introducing to the domain of polynomial-time algorithms a huge class with many interesting pathologies .
The calculated kinetic energy spectrum may be interpreted as either a manifestation of a double cascading spectrum of forced two-dimensional turbulence , or as a Kolmogorov three-dimensional turbulence ( although this last possibility seems unlikely ) .	According to the first interpretation , turbulence is being forced at scales of $ \sim $ 10 pc , while an enstrophy ( mean-square vorticity ) cascade has developed down to the smallest scales resolved and an inverse kinetic energy cascade extends up to scales of $ \sim $ 70 pc where a low wave number turn over is observed ; if true , this would be the first time that such a phenomenon has been observed outside the Solar System .
I compare various popular and unpopular techniques for simulating large collisionless stellar systems .	I give a quantitative comparison of the raw cpu times required for five separate codes , including tree codes and basis function expansions , which demonstrate that grid codes are most efficient for large numbers of particles .
Supersymmetric $ \sigma $ -models with target data being an appropriate sheaf on a Calabi-Yau space therefore appear to be the natural arena for N=1 string models in four dimensions .	We also indicate a variety of singularities which would require a nonperturbative treatment for their resolution and briefly discuss applications to heterotic models on K3 .
Addition of Fermi gas motion of the nucleons in the nucleus to the model does not explain the excess .	Adding a higher momentum tail due to the formation of `` quasi-deuterons '' makes some improvement .
It might be used as a front-end for external tools like parser generators to make their input grammars modular and reusable .	This paper describes main principles behind Grammatic and gives an overview of languages it provides and their ability to separate concerns and define reusable modules .
Recorded velocity tracks of copepods displaying escape response jumps in still water are here used to define and tune a Lagrangian Copepod ( LC ) model .	The model is further employed to simulate the behaviour of thousands of copepods in a fully developed hydrodynamic turbulent flow obtained by direct numerical simulation of the Navier-Stokes equations .
In mobile computing , the issues such as low bandwidth , high latency wireless Networks , loss or degradation of wireless connections , and network errors or failures need to be dealt with .	Other issues to be addressed include system adaptability , reliability , robustness , extensibility , flexibility , and maintainability .
Hexamers provide the structural motif for a high-density , low-temperature periodic solid phase , but we also identify a metastable periodic structure based on a tetramer motif .	At high density there is a transition between orientationally ordered and disordered solid phases .
We find that the ( offset ) + i n ( gap ) behaviour is common but not universal , with the controlling feature being whether or not the ratio of the surface gravities is a rational number .	We furthermore observed that the relation between rational ratios of surface gravities and periodicity of QNFs is very generic , and also occurs within different analytic approaches applied to various types of black hole spacetimes .
This includes in particular all pairs where $ P $ and $ Q $ are both binomial ( $ b_ { n_1 , p_1 } \leq_ { st } b_ { n_2 , p_2 } $ if and only if $ n_1\le n_2 $ and $ ( 1-p_1 ) ^ { n_1 } \ge ( 1-p_2 ) ^ { n_2 } $ , or $ p_1=0 $ ) , both negative binomial ( $ b^-_ { r_1 , p_1 } \leq_ { st } b^-_ { r_2 , p_2 } $ if and only if $ p_1\geq p_2 $ and $ p_1^ { r_1 } \geq p_2^ { r_2 } $ ) , or both hypergeometric with the same sample size parameter .	The binomial case is contained in a known result about Bernoulli convolutions , the other two cases appear to be new .
In a unique-maximum coloring , the colors are ordered , and in every hyperedge of the hypergraph the maximum color appears only once .	In a conflict-free coloring , in every hyperedge of the hypergraph there is a color that appears only once .
Further analysis is given which shows that they are { \em not } covariant with respect to small gauge transformations ; their traces are { \em not } observables of the gauge theory .	This result indicates what may be a serious complication to the use of generalized loops in physics .
The actual form of the signal is impossible to determine analytically , which lead to use of numerical methods .	Two major approaches emerged .
We demonstrate that individual behaviors directed at the attainment of distinctiveness can in fact produce complete social conformity .	We thus offer an unexpected generative mechanism for this central social phenomenon .
This allows us to compute the electron-meson differential cross section and its moments with 1/Q^2 precision .	For the former we find maximal violations of quark-hadron duality , as it is expected for a large N_c analysis .
Numerical simulation of this model for stably stratified flow shows Bolgiano-Obukhbov scaling in which the kinetic energy spectrum varies as $ k^ { -11/5 } $ .	We also observe a dual scaling ( $ k^ { -11/5 } $ and $ k^ { -5/3 } $ ) for a limited range of parameters .
One of the purposes of network tomography is to infer the status of parameters ( e.g. , delay ) for the links inside a network through end-to-end probing between ( external ) boundary nodes along predetermined routes .	In this work , we apply concepts from compressed sensing and expander graphs to the delay estimation problem .
The consequence is that fluctuations of the corresponding decay curves can appear much earlier and much more unstable particles have a chance to survive up to these times or later .	It is also shown that fluctuations of the instantaneous energy of the moving unstable particles has a similar form as the fluctuations in the particle rest frame but they are seen by the observer in his rest system much earlier than one could expect replacing $ t $ by $ t/\gamma_ { L } $ in the corresponding expressions for this energy and that the amplitude of these fluctuations can be even larger than it follows from the standard approach .
In the same spirit of Martelli , Sparks and Yau , we are able to compute these integrated curvature invariants without explicit knowledge of the Sasaki-Einstein metric on L5 .	These curvature invariants contribute to the 1/N^2 corrections of the difference of the 4D anomaly coefficients a and c recently found by Liu and Minasian , which we now have a purely field theoretic method of calculating .
Historians argue that the beginning of this program is rooted in the letter Einstein sent to American President Roosevelt in the summer of 1939 .	This article examines Einstein 's activities before 1933 as radical pacifist in favor of the principles of universal disarmament and outspoken supporter of individual war resistance and the shift of this posture when Hitler came to power in 1933 .
So far , studies for high-contrast imaging instruments have mainly focused on technical feasibility because of the challenging planet/star flux ratio of 10-8-10-10 required at short separations ( 200 mas or so ) to image cold exoplanets .	However , the analysis of planet atmospheric/surface properties has remained largely unexplored.Aims .
Based on the non-renormalization theorem , we derive the consistency conditions under which a CP-odd counterterm exists and , at the same time , renders the one-loop-induced mixing of a CP-even Higgs boson with a CP-odd Higgs scalar ultra-violet finite .	The novel CP-odd tadpole renormalization may then be determined from the minimization constraints on the Higgs potential .
I found that passive rings are found only in early-type disc galaxies ( -3 & lt ; =T & lt ; =2 ) .	In this range of stages , 21+-3 % and 28+-5 % of the rings are passive according to the FUV and H\alpha\ indicators , respectively .
We give two separate theorems describing canonical models ( with respect to equivalence under unitary and invertible operators , respectively ) for these operators using techniques from complex geometry .	This considerably extends the similarity and unitary classification of homogeneous operators in the Cowen-Douglas class obtained recently by the last author and A. Kor\ ' { a } nyi .
METHOD : Inverting helioseismic rotational splitting data obtained by the Global Oscillation Network Group and by the Michelson Doppler Imager on the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory .	RESULTS : The temporal variation in angular momentum and kinetic energy at high latitudes ( & gt ; \pi/4 ) through the convection zone is positively correlated with solar activity , whereas at low latitudes it is anticorrelated , except for the top 10 % by radius where both are correlated positively .
Over the past two decades , helioseismology has revolutionized our understanding of the interior structure and dynamics of the Sun .	Asteroseismology will soon place this knowledge into a broader context by providing structural data for hundreds of Sun-like stars .
Given $ 1\leq p & lt ; \infty $ and $ \lambda \in ( 0 , n ) $ , a function $ f $ ( with appropriate bound on its size $ |f| $ ) belongs to Campanato space $ { \mathscr { L } _L^ { p , \lambda } ( { \mathbb { R } ^n } ) } $ associated to an operator $ L $ , provided \begin { eqnarray* } \sup\limits_ { x\in { \mathbb { R } ^n } , \ r & gt ; 0 } r^ { -\lambda } \int_ { B ( x , r ) } |f ( y ) -e^ { -r^mL } f ( y ) |^p \ dy\leq C & lt ; \infty \end { eqnarray* } for a fixed positive constant $ m $ .	These spaces $ { \mathscr { L } _L^ { p , \lambda } ( { \mathbb { R } ^n } ) } $ associated to $ L $ were introduced and studied in \cite { DXY } .
Treating the field of the heavy ions as an external field and neglecting the interaction among electrons and positrons , we show that the $ N $ -pair creation amplitude is the antisymmetrised product of $ N $ one-pair creation amplitudes and the vacuum amplitude .	Neglecting contributions coming from exchange terms , we show that the total probability for $ N $ pairs is approximately a Poisson distribution .
They also have expansions , related to random words of length l formed with an alphabet of p letters .	Given that each letter appears in the word , the maximal length of the disjoint union of p increasing subsequences of the word clearly equals l. But the maximal length of the disjoint union of p-1 increasing subsequences leads to a non-trivial distribution .
In addition to observing the reward of the chosen action , the decision maker gets side observations on the reward he would have obtained had he chosen some of the other actions .	The observation structure is encoded as a graph , where node i is linked to node j if sampling i provides information on the reward of j .
PACS images ( from chop/nod or scan-mode observations ) at 100 and 160 micron are presented toward two A-type stars and one F-type star : beta Leo , beta UMa and eta Corvi .	All three stars are known disc hosts .
For small black holes our solutions approach the 5d Schwarzschild solution and agree very well with new theoretical predictions for the small corrections to thermodynamics and geometry .	The existence of such black holes is thus established .
$ K^- $ are continuously produced but also very quickly reabsorbed leading to an almost identical rate for production and reabsorption .	The final $ K^- $ yield is strongly influenced by the $ K^+N $ ( due to their production via the $ \Lambda ( \Sigma ) $ ) but very little by the $ K^- $ N potential .
These are expanders that act on several copies of a given system , where the Kraus operators are tensor products of the Kraus operator on a single system .	We begin with the classical case , and show that a classical two-copy expander can be used to produce a quantum expander .
Twisted kinks connecting two arbitrary points on the vacuum manifold S3 are constructed , and their properties are explored .	The phase diagram as a function of temperature , baryon- and isospin chemical potential is discussed , with special emphasis on inhomogeneous phases .
In consequence , whenever one encounters `plus ' or `times ' one has certain freedom of interpreting this operation .	This leads to some freedom in definitions of derivatives , integrals and , thus , practically all equations occurring in natural sciences .
To investigate the close proximity of the bright ( $ m_ { AB } =25.8 $ ) $ Y_ { 098 } $ -dropout to a small group of foreground galaxies , we obtained deep spectroscopy of the dropout and two foreground galaxies using VLT/X-Shooter .	We detect H- $ \alpha $ , H- $ \beta $ , [ OIII ] and [ OII ] emission in the brightest two foreground galaxies ( unresolved at the natural seeing of $ 0.8 $ arcsec ) , placing the pair at $ z=1.327 $ .
The results suggest that three-stage models offer an improved description of the data .	The best-fitting models point to a mechanism where radiation increases the rate of clonal expansion .
Because of the relatively large field of view ( 1 arcmin^2 ) , MUSE is ideal to simultaneously target multiple galaxies in blank and cluster fields over the full optical spectrum .	We analysed the four hours of data obtained in the Science Verification phase on this cluster and measured redshifts for 53 galaxies .
We find the analytical approximate expression for the stress-energy tensor for a scalar ( with an arbitrary coupling ) , spinor and vector fields near an event horizon .	We show that , independent of a concrete type of EBH , the energy measured by a freely falling observer is finite on the horizon , so that quantum backreaction is consistent with the existence of EBH .
In this paper , we show how a broad class of statistical network inference methods , including a number of existing approaches , can be described in terms of variable selection for the linear model .	This reveals some subtle but important differences between the methods , including the treatment of time intervals in discretely observed data .
In the case the agents are characterized by $ F=2 $ cultural features and each feature assumes $ k $ states drawn from a Poisson distribution of parameter $ q $ these regimes are separated by a continuous transition at $ q_c = 3.10 \pm 0.02 $ .	Using Monte Carlo simulations and finite size scaling we show that the mean density of cultural domains $ \mu $ is an order parameter of the model that vanishes as $ \mu \sim \left ( q - q_c \right ) ^\beta $ with $ \beta = 0.67 \pm 0.01 $ at the critical point .
However , in some areas , such as Enterprise Information Systems , requirements are identified by Business Process Modeling - which uses graphical notations of the underlying business processes .	Therefore , the aim of this paper is to present Business Language Driven Development ( BLDD ) , a method that aims to extend BDD , by connecting business process models directly to source code , while keeping the expressiveness of text descriptions when they are better fitted than graphical artifacts .
Systems of Cooee bitumen and water up to 4 mass % are studied by molecular dynamics simula- tions .	The cohesive energy density of the system is shown to decrease with an increasing water content .
Data analysis methods to identify point sources against this background have been very simple , traditionally with the simplifying assumption that the exozodi is uniformly distributed , just as our local zodiacal background is uniform over several-arcsec scales .	However , the typical size of an exozodi cloud is expected to be comparable to the typical exoplanet orbital radii , or at least those of greatest interest_ the `` habitable zone '' range from 0.7-1.5 AU .
Rosseland angular radii are derived from the measured visibilities by fitting theoretical visibility functions obtained from center-to-limb intensity variations ( CLVs ) of Mira star models ( Bessel et al .	1996 , Hofmann et al .
It has been shown in ( Gaidashev et al , 2010 ) and ( Gaidashev et al , 2011 ) that infinitely renormalizable area-preserving maps admit invariant Cantor sets with a maximal Lyapunov exponent equal to zero .	Furthermore , the dynamics on these Cantor sets for any two infinitely renormalizable maps is conjugated by a transformation that extends to a differentiable function whose derivative is Holder continuous of exponent alpha & gt ; 0 .
The shapes of solar coronal loops are sensitive to the presence of electrical currents that are the carriers of the nonpotential energy available for impulsive activity .	We use this information in a new method for modeling the coronal magnetic field of AR 11158 as a nonlinear force-free field ( NLFFF ) .
The map is toral if \beta\ is separable .	For simplicity let us now assume that \beta\ is separable , especially the centralizer bH of \beta\ in the reductive algebraic group defined by G is itself reductive , defined over k_0 and a product of Weil restrictions of classical groups .
An incremental scheme is applied based on correlation contributions of localized bond orbitals and of pairs and triples of such bonds .	In view of the high polarity of the bonds in II-VI compounds , we examine both , ionic and covalent embedding schemes for the calculation of individual bond increments .
A relation between the observable asymmetry , the angle $ \alpha $ , and the penguin amplitude is established .	A model calculation of the penguin amplitude shows that the CP asymmetry in $ B^ { 0 } \rightarrow \pi^ { + } \pi^ { - } $ decays is only mildly influenced by the penguin amplitudes .
In our series of papers presenting the Herschel imaging of evolved planetary nebulae , we present images of the dust distribution in the Helix nebula ( NGC 7293 ) .	Images at 70 , 160 , 250 , 350 , and 500 micron were obtained with the PACS and SPIRE instruments on board the Herschel satellite .
We also describe projective generators in TsG , extending and generalizing the investigations started in [ 8 ] , [ 7 ] and [ 9 ] in the case of p-groups .	As an application we show that for an abelian or p-elementary group G and k large enough , there is always a faithful ( possibly nonlinear ) action on a polynomial ring such that the ring of invariants is also a polynomial ring .
We develop the maximum-entropy weak shear mass reconstruction method presented in earlier papers by taking each background galaxy image shape as an independent estimator of the reduced shear field and incorporating an intrinsic smoothness into the reconstruction .	The characteristic length scale of this smoothing is determined by Bayesian methods .
This integral can be used as a starting point for different approximations .	As a first application , it is shown how to compute to second-order the weak-disorder perturbative expansion of the effective potentials in random composite .
A major limitation of in-situ XRD and TEM is a compromise that has to be made between spatial and temporal resolution .	Here , we report the development of in-situ X-ray nanodiffraction to measure atomic-resolution diffraction patterns from single grains with up to 5 millisecond temporal resolution , and make the first real-time observation of grain rotation and lattice deformation during photoinduced chemical reactions .
In particular , we consider sterile neutrino masses and mixing angles that are consistent with sterile neutrino dark matter candidates as indicated by recent x-ray flux measurements .	We review how mixing between electron neutrinos and sterile neutrinos can significantly enhance the shock energy , and even a model that does not explode can be made to explode by this mechanism .
We present integral field data of this galaxy from the ANU Wide Field Spectrograph ( WiFeS ) .	We analyse our integral field data using optical line ratio maps and velocity maps .
Here $ \operatorname { Diff } _ { 1 } ( \mathbb R ) $ denotes the extension of the group of all either compactly supported , rapidly decreasing or $ H^\infty $ -diffeomorphisms , that allows for a shift towards infinity .	In particular this result provides an analytic solution formula for the corresponding geodesic equation , the non-periodic Hunter-Saxton equation .
In a sense , these conjectures explain why the CDSW conjecture should be true .	We show that our conjectures hold for classical Lie algebras and for G_2 ; this , in particular , gives a purely algebraic proof of the CDSW conjecture for SO ( N ) ( the original proof , due to Witten , uses the theory of instantons ) .
Thin-film solar cells based on the semiconductor Cu $ _2 $ ZnSnS $ _4 $ ( CZTS ) are a promising candidate for Terawatt-scale renewable energy generation .	While CZTS is composed of earth abundant and non-toxic elements , arranged in the kesterite crystal structure , there is a synthetic challenge to produce high-quality stoichiometric materials over large areas .
We show that apart from having interesting properties , this symmetry does require \Lambda to be a function of the scale factor of the Robertson-Walker metric .	In order to test the consistency of the resulting model with observations , we study the magnitude-redshift relation for the type Ia supernovae data from Perlmutter et al .
The competition of the on-site interaction with the offset energy leads to Mott phases characterized by population imbalances between the sublattices .	For the definition of an optimal Hubbard model , we demonstrate a scheme that allows for the efficient computation of Wannier functions .
All for are tangential to the three straight lines containing the triangles ' three sides .	Three are exterior circles , the fourth is the in-circle .
Real-time detection is achieved with signal-to-noise ratios up to 12.2 .	These nanoparticles are a factor of three smaller in volume than any other nanoparticle detected using WGM sensing to date .
We investigate the physical consequences of orbital current patterns ( OCP ) in doped two-leg Cu-O Hubbard ladders .	The internal symmetry of the pattern , in the case of the ladder structure , differs slightly from that suggested so far for cuprates .
The As-diffusion is probed with the help of x-ray absorption spectra collected at the As K-edge which show enhanced signature of diffusion in the annealed samples .	Introduction of holes , due to the As doping , in ZnO films is further evidenced by the Cu L3,2-edge spectra .
In the present paper we consider deformations of the standard p-adic metric in many dimensions and construct some corresponding groups of transformations .	We build several examples of p-adic wavelet bases .
The main improvement consists in the exact account of properties of the relativistic meson wave functions .	For the gluon and quark propagators entering the production vertex function we use a truncated expansion in the ratio of the relative quark momenta to the center-of-mass energy $ \sqrt { s } $ up to the second order .
Advances in web technologies have driven massive content uploads and requests that can be identified by the increased usage of multimedia web and social web services .	This situation enforces the content providers to scale their infrastructure in order to cope with the extra provisioning of network traffic , storage and other resources .
These three components are predicted by hydrodynamical simulations and are probed by QSO absorption lines .	To observe the WHIM in neutral hydrogen , observations are needed which are deeper than log ( N $ _ { HI } $ ) =18 .
We study the direct and inverse scattering problems when the incident electromagnetic field is a time harmonic point- generated wave in a chiral medium and the scatterer is a perfectly conducting sphere .	The exact Green s function and the electric far-field patterns of the scattering problem are constructed .
We present an extensive and large-scale analysis of communication patterns for four popular mobile messaging services between 28 countries and analyze the locality of communication and the resulting impact on user privacy .	We show that server architectures for mobile messaging services are highly centralized in single countries .
There have been intense interest on its general trend on bipartite lattice with particle-hole symmetry .	In particular , recently fabricated graphene is well described by the honeycomb lattice within tight-binding approximation .
The asymmetric shape of reversals of the Earth 's magnetic field indicates a possible connection with relaxation oscillations as they were early discussed by van der Pol .	A simple mean-field dynamo model with a spherically symmetric $ \alpha $ coefficient is analysed with view on this similarity , and a comparison of the time series and the phase space trajectories with those of paleomagnetic measurements is carried out .
Andrews recently introduced k-marked Durfee symbols which are connected to moments of Dyson 's rank .	By these connections , Andrews deduced their generating functions and some combinatorial properties and left their purely combinatorial proofs as open problems .
The parameters of the model are determined by comparing masses and tree-level decay widths with experimental values in a chi^2-minimization procedure which selects between various possible assignments of scalar nonet states to physical particles .	We examine the restoration of the chiral symmetry by monitoring the temperature evolution of condensates and the chiral partners ' masses and of the mixing angles for the pseudoscalar eta-eta ' and the corresponding scalar complex .
4 , p.1009-1026 ] .	They generalize omega languages accepted by finite automata or defined by monadic second order sentences .
We interpret one of the results as causal Zeno effect for its similarity to quantum Zeno effect .	Another problem we considered is about collision number .
The entanglement of the initial states and the subsequent time evolution is assured by finding a positive lower bound on the concurrence of local 2x2 projections of the full 2xinfinity JCM density matrix .	It is found that the time evolution of the lower bound of the concurrence systematically captures the corresponding collapse and revival features in atomic inversion , relative entropies of atomic and radiation , mutual entropy , and quantum deficit .
We have modeled transport properties of nanostructures using the Green 's function method within the framework of the density-functional theory .	The scheme is computationally demanding so that numerical methods have to be chosen carefully .
We find that nearly all of the HI absorption arises in gas that has remained colder than 10^5.5 K , at least while it was extragalactic .	In addition , the majority of the HI is rapidly falling towards a nearby galaxy , with non-negligible contributions from outflowing and static gas .
To that effect , we recall a remarkable phenomenon in the theory of Schroedinger operators ( discovered in 1981 by Jona-Lasinio et al ) , according to which the ground state of a symmetric double-well Hamiltonian becomes exponentially sensitive to tiny perturbations of the potential as h - & gt ; 0 .	We show that this instability emerges also from the textbook WKB approximation , extend it to time-dependent perturbations , and study the dynamical transition from the ground state of the double well to the perturbed ground state ( in which the cat is typically either dead or alive , depending on the details of the perturbation ) .
Particular attention is paid to the region $ s_H & lt ; m_D^2 $ , which may be useful for extracting the value of $ |V_ { ub } | $ .	The sensitivity of the spectrum to the parameter $ \bar\Lambda \equiv m_B - m_b $ is explored .
All of these steps involve graph theoretical or graph algorithmic aspects .	In this perspective , we provide modelling and algorithmic perspectives for therapeutic target identification and highlight a number of algorithmic advances , which have gotten relatively little attention so far , with the hope of strengthening the ties between these two research communities .
The numerical results are in a good agreement with previous results which have been obtained from the localization lengths along the perpendicular direction .	This suggests that the anisotropy of the embedding lattice structure is irrelevant to the critical properties of the localization .
The stationary point is found by a crossover procedure which allows to go continuously from an array of disconnected clusters to the lattice system .	The self-energy is found to contain irrelevant degrees of freedom which have marginal impact on the grand potential and which need to be excluded to obtain meaningful results .
The key difficulty of this problem lies in distinguishing whether the two kinds of coins have very similar means , or whether heavy coins are just extremely rare .	This problem has applications in crowdsourcing , anomaly detection , and radio spectrum search .
We study the uncertainties of the method and the signal-to-noise ratios required for an acceptable calibration .	We list astronomical targets ready for the method .
The currents of energy and angular momentum include the matter energy tensor in a physically appropriate way , plus terms attributable to an effective energy tensor for gravitational radiation .	Four other state functions are derived : an effective energy , surface gravity , angular speed and electric potential .
Their LEP signatures are mostly unusual .	Most produced superpartners are invisible !
First , we point out that allowing the right-handed neutrino to experience extra spacetime dimensions naturally permits the left-handed neutrino mass to be power-law suppressed relative to the masses of the other fermions .	This occurs due to the power-law running of the neutrino Yukawa couplings , and therefore does not require a heavy scale for the right-handed neutrino .
Using small-angle neutron scattering and liquid integral equation theory , we relate the structure factor of flexible dendrimers of 4th generation to their average shape .	The shape is measured as a radial density profile of monomers belonging to a single dendrimer .
The electron dynamics in optical pulse is highly irreversible with large residual population of the conduction band .	The residual conduction band population as a function of the wave vector is nonuniform with a few localized spots of high conduction band population .
A significant contribution to the stabilization of the antiferromagnetic phase comes from electron hopping between oxygen which would be missed in theories that consider superexchange along a single bond only .	The single particle spectral function in the ordered phase is in good agreement with experiment , in particular a number of dispersionless bands which are not reproduced by most calculations are obtained correctly .
For all these cases the fermion state vector and the necessary renormalization counterterms are calculated analytically .	It turns out that in Light-Front Dynamics , to restore the rotational invariance , an extra counterterm is needed , having no any analogue in Feynman approach .
Some new light is shed thereby on Comtet 's solution of the Lagrange inversion problem in terms of the Bell polynomials .	According to Haiman and Schmitt that solution is essentially the antipode on the Fa\` { a } di Bruno Hopf algebra .
Stellar clusters are thought to be the simplest stellar systems and the closest observational counterparts to theoretical models for single stellar populations .	Progress in our understanding of the atmospheres and evolution of massive stars has led to generally reliable synthesis models .
A new scheme to solve these equations is developed that utilizes only two variables per sub-cube magnetization and strictly conserves the absolute magnitude .	The initial stage of reversal is uniform rotation followed by a nonlinear excitation of nonuniform magnetic oscillations driven by this uniform mode .
The resulting band structure resembles that of a conventional semiconductor with a parabolic dispersion .	Here , we introduce a novel bilayer graphene heterostructure , where single-layer graphene is placed on top of another layer of graphene with a regular lattice of antidots .
Context : A complete study of the molecular and ionized gas in the environs of the nebula RCW 78 around WR 55 is presented .	Aims : The aim of this work is to investigate the spatial distribution , physical characteristics , and kinematical properties of the molecular gas linked to the galactic nebula RCW 78 to achieve a better understanding of its interaction with the star and with the ionized gas .
The dependency of velocity on current density is root square which degenerates into linear if the current is much higher than the critical value .	The theory result is consistent with several previous experiments and also can explain the change of critical current in the presence of temperature .
Is the existence of a Cauchy horizon ( and the accompanying extensions into spacetime regions in which determinism fails ) an unstable feature of solutions of Einstein 's equations ?	In this short review article , after briefly commenting on the history of the SCC conjecture , we survey some of the progress made in research directed either toward supporting SCC or toward uncovering some of its weaknesses .
When dilution reaches the undirected threshold , the optimal path becomes fractal , with fractal dimension equal to $ D_ { \rm min } $ , the dimension of the minimal length path on percolation cluster backbone .	In this regime the optimal path energy fluctuation , $ \overline { \Delta E } $ , can be ascribed entirely to minimal length fluctuations , and satisfies $ \overline { \Delta E } \propto L^ { \omega } $ , with $ \omega=1.02 \pm 0.06 $ in $ 2d $ , $ L $ being the Euclidean distance .
Quantum experiments usually assume the existence of perfect , classical , reference frames , which allow for the specification of measurement settings ( e.g.orientation of the Stern Gerlach magnet in spin measurements ) with arbitrary precision .	If the reference frames are `` bounded '' ( i.e.quantum systems themselves , having a finite number of degrees of freedom ) , only limited precision can be attained .
Unlike the earlier papers , the alternative formulation of this paper insists that the equation must hold under a non-dominated family of mutually singular probability measures .	The key argument is a stochastic representation , suggested by the optimal control interpretation , and analyzed in our accompanying paper
We consider the case that the new links must point to the given target node ( backlinks ) .	Previous work shows that this problem has no fully polynomial time approximation schemes unless $ P=NP $ .
We examine the composition of matter as it flows away from gamma ray burst accretion disks , in order to determine what sort of nucleosynthesis may occur .	Since there is a large flux of neutrinos leaving the surface of the disk , the electron fraction of the outflowing material will change due to charged current neutrino interactions .
1 ) If S is neither a sphere nor a torus then the inclusion of the diffeomorphism group of S into the contact transformation group is 0-connected .	2 ) If S is a sphere then the contact transformation group is connected .
The long-range corrected LC-BLYP approach is used with a system-specific range separation parameter .	The weak physisorption of the hybrid complexes yield only small changes in the broadened absorption spectra of the hybrid system as compared with its constituents .
Given several electromagnetic data sets , we establish for the first time an analytical formula for reconstructing the absorption coefficient from thermal energy measurements .	Since the formula involves derivatives of the given data up to the third order , it is unstable in the sense that small measurement noises may cause large errors .
The flow parameter is found to increase with the charge of the detected fragment up to Z = 3-4 and then turns into saturation for heavier fragments .	Guided by simple simulations of an anisotropic expanding thermal source , we show that the value at saturation can provide a good estimate of the flow angle , $ \Theta_ { flow } $ , in the participant region .
Here we analyze the supersymmetric two-dimensional sigma models and four-dimensional Yang -- Mills theory , using the one-dimensional models as a prototype .	We go beyond the topological ( or BPS ) sectors of these models and consider them as full-fledged quantum field theories .
But despite its importance and practicality , tabling is not implemented by most Prolog systems .	Existing approaches require substantial changes to the Prolog engine , which is an investment out of reach of most systems .
We study the traffic dynamics in complex networks where each link is assigned a limited and identical bandwidth .	Although the first-in-first-out ( FIFO ) queuing rule is widely applied in the routing protocol of information packets , here we argue that if we drop this rule , the overall throughput of the network can be remarkably enhanced .
As shown in [ A1 ] , the lowest constants appearing in the weak type ( 1,1 ) inequalities satisfied by the centered Hardy-Littlewood maximal operator associated to certain finite radial measures , grow exponentially fast with the dimension .	Here we extend this result to a wider class of radial measures and to some values of p & gt ; 1 .
Here we study such `` peri-merger '' detonations by means of numerical simulations , modeling the disruption and nucleosynthesis of the stars until the ejecta reach the coasting phase .	Synthetic light curves and spectra are generated for comparison with observations .
Until recently , spin filters have been largely comprised of polycrystalline materials where the spin filter barrier layer and one of the electrodes are ferromagnetic .	These spin filter junctions have relied on the weak magnetic coupling between one ferromagnetic electrode and a barrier layer or the insertion of a nonmagnetic insulating layer in between the spin filter barrier and electrode .
We are given a set of points in the plane labeled by a set of mutually disjoint labels , where each label is an axis-aligned rectangle attached with one corner to its respective point .	We require that each label remains horizontally aligned during the map rotation and our goal is to find a set of mutually non-overlapping active labels for every rotation angle $ \alpha \in [ 0 , 2\pi ) $ so that the number of active labels over a full map rotation of 2 $ \pi $ is maximized .
The microscopic structure and movement of reaction fronts in reaction diffusion systems far from equilibrium are investigated .	We show that some three-site interaction models exhibit exact diffusive shock measures , i.e.domains of different densities connected by a sharp wall without correlations .
Based on this and some related observations , we argue that there is no thermalization in the scalar TTF model within time-scales that go as $ \sim 1/\epsilon^2 $ , where $ \epsilon $ measures the initial amplitude ( with only low-lying modes excited ) .	It is tempting to speculate that the result holds also for AdS collapse .
The analysis here derives the minimum separation that makes it likely that the closest source is detectable .	For super-GZK energies , detection is signal limited and magnetic fields should not matter .
The Sydney-AAO Multi-object Integral field spectrograph ( SAMI ) is a prototype wide-field system at the Anglo-Australian Telescope ( AAT ) which uses a plug-plate to mount its 13 x 61-core imaging fibre bundles ( hexabundles ) in the optical path at the telescope 's prime focus .	In this paper we describe the process of determining the positions of the plug-plate holes , where plates contain three or more stacked observation configurations .
Their existence in nature would cause the index of refraction of vacuum to be different from unity in the presence of an external field and dependent of the polarization direction of the light propagating .	The major achievement of reaching the project sensitivities in gravitational wave interferometers such as LIGO an VIRGO has opened the possibility of using such instruments for the detection of QED corrections in electrodynamics and for probing new physics at very low energies .
For instance , we prove that , if $ N ( { B_n } , d , 1+\varepsilon ) $ is the smallest number of `` balls '' of `` radius '' $ 1+\varepsilon $ that cover $ B_n $ , then for any $ \varepsilon & gt ; 0 $ we have $ $ 0 & lt ; \liminf_ { n\to \infty } n^ { -1 } \log\log N ( B_n , d,1+\varepsilon ) \le \limsup_ { n\to \infty } n^ { -1 } \log\log N ( B_n , d,1+\varepsilon ) & lt ; \infty. $ $ We also prove an analogous result for the metric entropy of the set of n-dimensional operator spaces equipped with the distance $ d_N $ naturally associated to $ N\times N $ -matrices with operator entries .	In that case $ N $ is arbitrary but our estimates are valid independently of $ N $ .
A control volume analysis is performed on the main body of the disk ( |z| & lt ; 2H ) to examine the production and removal of magnetic energy .	Maxwell stresses in combination with the mean disk rotation are mainly responsible for magnetic energy production , whereas turbulent dissipation ( facilitated by numerical resistivity ) predominantly removes magnetic energy from the disk .
It is based on a new gaussian approximation for the probability distributions of the electric field in each component of a multi-phase composite .	These distributions are computed to linear order from a Bruggeman-like self-consistent formula .
Analogous connections in the case of road networks are instead lacking .	This is probably due to the fact that macroscopic traffic models on networks are in general ill-posed , since the conservation of the mass is not sufficient alone to characterize a unique solution at junctions .
On the basis of randomization ( a ) players may not be allowed to use randomization ( pure strategies ) , or ( b ) may choose a probability distribution over actions but the actual random choice is not visible ( actions invisible ) , or ( c ) may use full randomization .	Our results for pure strategies are as follows : ( 1 ) For one-sided games with player 2 perfect observation we show that belief-based strategies are not sufficient , and present an exponential upper bound on memory both for almost-sure and positive winning strategies ; we show that the problem of deciding the existence of almost-sure and positive winning strategies for player 1 is EXPTIME-complete and present symbolic algorithms that avoid the explicit exponential construction .
To do this , we propose a stringy way for perturbing two-dimensional CFT 's around their critical points .	Our strategy is to start from a stringy ( world-sheet ) representation of 2d CFT in space-time .
Observations of NGC 6819 , 6940 and 7789 began in 1999 and continued in 2000 .	We have developed an effective matched-filter transit-detection algorithm which has proved its ability to identify very low amplitude eclipse events in real data .
Between batches the MVs become increasingly stale with incorrect , missing , and superfluous rows leading to increasingly inaccurate query results .	We propose Stale View Cleaning ( SVC ) which addresses this problem from a data cleaning perspective .
The STIS spectra show kinematic components of absorption in Ly $ \alpha $ , C IV , and N V at radial velocities of -376 , -183 , and -36 km s $ ^ { -1 } $ ( components 1 , 2 , and 3+4 , respectively ) , which were detected in the earlier GHRS spectra ; the last of these is a blend of two GHRS components that have increased greatly in column density .	Four additional absorption components have appeared in the STIS spectra at radial velocities of -692 , -837 , -994 , and -1372 km s $ ^ { -1 } $ ( components 5 through 8 ) ; these may also have been present in earlier low-flux states observed by the { \it International Ultraviolet Explorer ( IUE ) } .
We observe a good agreement between the Standard Model predictions and the available experimental measurements .	The very high theoretical precision of this observable allows a new level of scrutiny in parton distribution functions and new physics searches .
The steady states carry a mass current and thereby an angular momentum .	It is shown that the rotation positions the atoms away from the rotation axis ( after taking both the time and quantum mechanical averages ) as in a conventional centrifuge .
In our approach , properties are formalized based on use case descriptions .	The transformation is done for the NuSMV model checker , but we see the possibility in using other model checkers , such as SPIN .
This combined weak-strong coupling approach effectively leads to dressed interactions between polyvalent counterions and thus directly affects the correlation attraction mediated by polyvalent counterions between like-charged objects .	The general theory is specifically applied to a system composed of two uniformly charged plane-parallel surfaces in the presence of salt and polyvalent counterions .
Math 57 ( 2004 ) 1197-1232 ) .	Here we add to this a complete description of the set of all limit points of solutions modulo scaling ( the scaling attractor ) and the dynamics on this limit set ( the ultimate dynamics ) .
Bluetooth Low Energy ( BLE ) is a wireless protocol well suited for ultra-low-power sensors running on small batteries .	BLE is described as a new protocol in the official Bluetooth 4.0 specification .
The dynamical variables are simply the frame field and the spin-connection pulled-back to the hypersurface , thereby eliminating the need for simplicity constraints on the momenta .	A consequence of this is a degenerate ( pre ) symplectic form , which appears to be a necessary feature of the Einstein-Cartan formulation .
This paper deals with the distribution of $ \alpha \zeta^ { n } \bmod 1 $ , where $ \alpha\neq 0 , \zeta & gt ; 1 $ are fixed real numbers and $ n $ runs through the positive integers .	Denote by $ \Vert.\Vert $ the distance to the nearest integer .
The aim of this paper is to show that the Lagrange-d'Alembert and its equivalent the Gauss and Appel principle are not the only way to deduce the equations of motion of the nonholonomic systems .	Instead of them , here we consider the generalization of the Hamiltonian principle for nonholonomic systems with nonzero transpositional relations .
In this contribution I review the evidence collected during the last years showing that the ridge-lines of helical radio-jets do not correspond to observational artifacts .	This conclusion was reached by studying a number of VLBI observations of the radio jet in the quasar S5~0836+710 at different frequencies and epochs .
The most popular multiple testing procedures are stepwise procedures based on $ P $ -values for individual test statistics .	Included among these are the false discovery rate ( FDR ) controlling procedures of Benjamini -- Hochberg [ J. Roy.Statist.Soc.Ser .
Context .	The CoRoT satellite searches for planets by applying the transit method , monitoring up to 12 000 stars in the galactic plane for 150 days in each observation run .
The system consists of atoms with two internal states trapped in a one dimensional tube with a longitudinal optical lattice and maintained in a strong Tonks-Girardeau regime at maximal filling .	In each site the wave function is a superposition of the two atomic states and a disturbance of the wave function propagates along the chain in analogy with the propagation of momentum in the classical Newton 's cradle .
For a sample of 20 Galactic SNRs , we obtain their IR and X-ray properties and investigate the physical causes for such large differences .	We find that the observed IRX flux ratios ( $ R_ { IRX.obs } $ ) are related to the IRX morphology , with SNRs with the largest $ R_ { IRX , obs } $ showing anticorrelated IRX morphology .
In this article , we provide a comprehensive study of the linear-quadratic mean field games via the adjoint equation approach ; although the problem has been considered in the literature by Huang , Caines and Malhame ( HCM , 2007a ) , their method is based on Dynamic Programming .	It turns out that two methods are not equivalent , as far as giving sufficient condition for the existence of a solution is concerned .
Emission-line abundances have been uncertain for more than a decade due to unexplained discrepancies in the relative intensities of the forbidden lines and weak permitted recombination lines in planetary nebulae ( PNe ) and H II regions .	The observed intensities of forbidden and recombination lines originating from the same parent ion differ from their theoretical values by factors of more than an order of magnitude in some of these nebulae .
The analysis is based on the heavy-quark limit of QCD .	This allows a factorization of perturbatively calculable contributions to the B - & gt ; V gamma matrix elements from non-perturbative form factors and universal light-cone distribution amplitudes .
Numerous models have been proposed to incorporate additive genetic effects into models for prediction or association .	However , there is a scarcity of models that can adequately account for gene by gene or other forms of genetical interactions .
The model exhibits several eminent precursory phenomena prior to the large event in its spatio-temporal correlations .	Preceding the mainshock , the frequency of smaller events is gradually enhanced , whereas , just before the mainshock , it is suppressed in a close vicinity of the epicenter of the upcoming event ( the Mogi doughnut ) .
We present Ulysses and NEAR data from the detection of the short or intermediate duration ( 2 s ) gamma-ray burst GRB000301C ( 2000 March 1.41 UT ) .	The gamma-ray burst ( GRB ) was localised by the Inter Planetary Network ( IPN ) and RXTE to an area of 50 arcmin^2 .
By representing the fields in reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces , the degree of overlap can be computed without expensive numerical integration .	Superimposing entire fields rather than the configuration matrices of point coordinates thereby avoids the problem that there is usually no clear one-to-one correspondence between the points .
The test is based on a new automatic choice of the order for a Box-Pierce or Hong test statistic .	The test uses Lobato ( 2001 ) or Kuan and Lee ( 2006 ) HAC critical values .
We show how the imminent detection of gravitational waves from merging neutron star binaries can be used to solve this riddle .	Using a large number of accurate numerical-relativity simulations of binaries with nuclear equations of state , we find that the postmerger emission is characterized by two distinct and robust spectral features .
We model the observed X-ray spectral continuum shape , ionic column densities , and absorption measure distribution ( AMD ) of the warm absorber in the Seyfert galaxy NGC 3783 .	We assume a photo-ionized medium with a uniform total ( gas+radiation ) pressure .
We describe the 36 bimodule categories which occur in the full subgroupoid of the Brauer-Picard groupoid on these three fusion categories .	We also classify all irreducible subfactors both of whose even parts are among these categories , of which there are 111 up to isomorphism of the planar algebra ( 76 up to duality ) .
In contrast , the maximal spanning trees and the random spanning trees do not exhibit universal allometric scaling behaviors .	There are marked discrepancies in the allometric scaling behaviors between the stock indices and the Brownian motions .
This article explains and extends semialgebraic homotopy theory ( developed by H. Delfs and M. Knebusch ) to o-minimal homotopy theory ( over a field ) .	The homotopy category of definable CW-complexes is equivalent to the homotopy category of topological CW-complexes ( with continuous mappings ) .
The model is built by imposing the constraint of gauge invariance in the anomalous effective action , which is extended with Wess-Zumino counterterms .	These generate axion-like interactions of the axions to the gauge fields and a gauged shift symmetry .
The dynamics of the model is analyzed in terms of its potential energy landscape ( potential energy as function of the 3N particle coordinates ) , and we present direct numerical evidence for a 30 years old picture of the dynamics at sufficiently low temperatures .	Transitions between local potential energy minima in configuration space are found to involve particles moving in a cooperative string-like manner .
Having great accuracy in the range and range rate measurements , he GRACE mission and the planed GRACE Follow On mission can in principle be employed to place strong constraints on certain relativistic gravitational theories .	In this paper , we work out the range observable of the non-dynamical Chern-Simons modified gravity for the Satellite-to-Satellite Tracking ( SST ) measurements .
In this paper we will look at the phenomenon of Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation ( a maser system ) .	We begin by deriving amplification by stimulated emission using time-dependent perturbation theory , in which the perturbation provided by external radiation .
It is known that the Weil and Tate pairings can be used to solve many DDH problems on elliptic curves .	Distortion maps are an important tool for solving DDH problems using pairings and it is known that distortion maps exist for all supersingular elliptic curves .
The obtained images have been compared with combinations of partial LDOSs defined in terms of the imaginary part of the Green-tensor $ { \bf G } ^I = [ { \bf G } - { \bf G } ^\dag ] / ( 2i ) $ calculated at the tip position .	Moreover just this comparison was the criterion for the choice of the optimum tip design .
We present the study of the colour-magnitude diagram of the cluster Abell 2151 ( A2151 ) , with a particular focus on the low-mass end .	The deep spectroscopy with AF2/WYFFOS @ WHT and the caustic method enable us to obtain 360 members within 1.3 R_200 and absolute magnitude M_r & lt ; M*_r+6 .
The resulting double-well system consists of a nearly rectangular well and of a triangular well coupled by tunneling through the thin barrier .	With a proper choice of the barrier parameters one can control the occupancy of the two wells and of the two lowest ( bonding and antibonding ) subbands .
To address the contextual bandit problem , we propose an online random forest algorithm .	The analysis of the proposed algorithm is based on the sample complexity needed to find the optimal decision stump .
We present a detailed analysis of the geometric and mathematical properties of the discretized model in d=3,4 .	This includes a derivation of Lorentzian simplicial manifold constraints , the gravitational actions and their Wick rotation .
For all methods explored , the surface tension is calculated by approximating the change in Helmholtz free energy associated with a change in interfacial area through simulation of a liquid slab at constant particle number , volume , and temperature .	The methods explored fall within three general classes : free-energy perturbation , the Bennett acceptance-ratio scheme , and the expanded ensemble technique .
Strong constraints are also obtained on maps to groups that do not contain a copy of $ W_n= ( \Bbb Z/2 ) ^n\rtimes S_n $ , or of $ \Bbb Z^ { n-1 } $ .	These results place constraints on how $ \Aut ( F_n ) $ can act .
The star formation efficiency and the fraction of gas and metals ejected in outflows are assumed to be the main drivers of star formation .	The Tully-Fisher and the Faber-Jackson relations in different passbands are used as constraints in the analysis of disk and elliptical galaxies , respectively .
They carry a natural grading .	In this talk the generalization to higher genus compact Riemann surfaces and more poles is reviewed .
Another important issue which hardly received any attention is the impact of both accidental and intended distractions on users performing security-critical tasks .	In particular , it is unclear whether , and to what extent , unexpected sensory cues ( e.g. , auditory or visual ) can influence user behavior and/or trigger mistakes .
Sufficient conditions under which channel-state aware time-division-multiple-access ( TDMA ) maximizes the aggregate communication rate are established .	Finally , a numerical study is performed to compare and contrast the performance achieved by the optimum binary power-control policy with other sub-optimum policies and the throughput capacity achievable via successive decoding .
We find that the specific heat scaling function is significantly different for the two different geometries studied .	In addition , we generally find that the scaling function for a fixed given geometry when calculated with open BC is quite close to that calculated with Dirichlet BC , while when calculated with periodic BC is quite different .
Technology development produces terabytes of data generated by hu- man activity in space and time .	This enormous amount of data often called big data becomes crucial for delivering new insights to decision makers .
For a serial and transitive relation on a universe , the collection of all the regular sets of the generalized rough set is a lattice .	In this paper , we use the lattice to construct a matroid and then study relationships between the lattice and the closed-set lattice of the matroid .
We call this strategy cone walk .	We prove that given $ n $ uniform points in a smooth convex domain of unit area , and for any start point $ z $ and query point $ q $ ; cone walk applied to $ z $ and $ q $ will access at most $ O ( |zq|\sqrt { n } +\log^7 n ) $ sites with complexity $ O ( |zq|\sqrt { n } \log \log n + \log^7 n ) $ with probability tending to 1 as $ n $ goes to infinity .
The focus is on atom addition reactions , illustrating how water , carbon dioxide and methanol can form in the solid state at astronomically relevant temperatures , and also the formation of more complex species such as hydroxylamine , an important prebiotic molecule , and glycolaldehyde , the smallest sugar , is discussed .	These reactions are particularly relevant during the dark ages of star and planet formation , i.e. , when the role of UV light is restricted .
We study this solution in some detail confirming confinement and asymptotic freedom .	A recently proposed solution generating technique is then applied which results in a new type-IIA supergravity solution .
We present the first measurement of the angular correlation function in a $ K $ -selected galaxy survey , from two fields covering almost 10 square degrees .	The angular correlation function at small angles is well described by a $ \theta^ { -0.8 } $ power law , as for optically selected samples .
The inflaton couples to a set of QCD like fermions .	When the fermions ' non-Abelian gauge group freezes , the Yukawa terms generate a tadpole for the inflaton , which removes the barrier .
While techniques , such as live virtual machine migration , are very useful to balance the load in the data centers , they are expensive operations .	In this position paper , we propose to minimize the chance of the load hot spots in the data center by applying the workload patterns of the VMs in the virtual machine placement algorithms - place VMs that require a lot of same type of resource across different physical servers .
Analysing observations of $ P $ and $ \dot { P } $ for sufficiently old isolated pulsars we gain strong hints for a significantly non -- linear magnetic field decay .	Under certain conditions with respect to the geometry and strength of a large -- scale magnetic background field an instability is shown to occur which rapidly raises small -- scale magnetic field modes .
In agreement with previous work , we find that if Fornax has a large dark-matter core then its globular clusters remain close to their currently observed locations for long times .	Furthermore , we find previously unreported behaviour for clusters that start inside the core region .
We use the Sasaki-Nakamura formalism to compute the waveform , energy spectra and total energy radiated during this process .	We show that the gravitational spectrum for high-energy collisions has definite characteristic universal features , which are independent of the spin of the colliding objects .
Our new data show that the ratio FeII ( UV ) /Hb=18.1+-4.6 and FeII ( optical ) /Hb=2.3+-0.6 are higher than those reported by Kawara et al .	( 1996 ) by factors of 1.6 and 3.3 , respectively , although the ration [ OIII ] 5007/Hb=0.19+-0.02 is nearly the same between the two measurements .
We show that such a system $ ( X ; T ) $ embeds in the $ K $ -full shift with $ h_ { top } ( T ) & lt ; \log K $ and $ \sharp Per_n ( X ; T ) \leq \sharp Per_n ( \ { 1 , ... , K\ } ^ { \mathbb { Z } } ; \sigma ) $ for any integer $ n $ .	The embedding is in general not continuous ( unless the system is expansive and $ X $ is zero-dimensional ) but the induced map on the set of invariant measures is a topological embedding .
Our subsample consists of three powerful low redshift radiogalaxies , centered in poor clusters of galaxies .	We have searched for radio relics and ( mini ) halos which could be forming as a result of the confinement of cosmic rays by bubbles creayed by the AGN .
A previously unknown population of HMXBs hosting supergiant stars has been revealed in the last years , with multi-wavelength campaigns including high energy ( INTEGRAL , Swift , XMM , Chandra ) and optical/infrared ( mainly ESO ) observations .	This population is divided between obscured supergiant HMXBs , and supergiant fast X-ray transients ( SFXTs ) , characterized by short and intense X-ray flares .
Our main result is a general law of large numbers for the walker when the environment is attractive and started from all sites equal to the same state .	We also obtain estimates on the large deviation behavior of the walker .
These compounds are found to crystallize in the hexagonal perovskite structure ( space group \textit { P6 $ _ { 3 } $ /mmc } ) , as previously reported .	The $ \rho ( T ) $ , $ \chi ( T ) $ and C ( $ T $ ) data confirm the bulk ferromagnetic ordering of itinerant Cr moments in LaCrGe $ _ { 3 } $ and CeCrGe $ _ { 3 } $ with $ T_ { C } $ = 90 K and 70 K respectively .
Plasma structures originating from randomly distributed inhomogeneities are found to interact strongly and to organize in regularly spaced planes oriented perpendicularly to the laser polarization .	We discuss similarities between our results and nanogratings in fused silica written by laser beams with spatially homogeneous as well as radial and azimuthal polarization .
Today , lasers in the visible have reached the Hz-range in frequency stability , if locked onto a high-finesse , ultra-stable reference cavity .	Vertical mounting of the reference cavity can reduce its sensitivity to vibrations as described in \cite { notcutt05 } .
The results obtained for the Collins and Sivers asymmetries from the data collected in 2010 are here presented for the first time .	They nicely confirm the findings of the 2007 run and allow for reduction of the errors by more than a factor of two .
We also compiled citations from the Science Citation Index .	This work was designed to be similar to that of Trimble ( 1995 ) , except that more recent journals ( from 1995 ) and citations ( from 1998 ) were used .
We then study solutions of the IPM equation which are sufficiently regular perturbations of linearly stable steady states .	We prove that sufficiently regular perturbations which are also small must be globally regular and strongly converge to a steady state .
After decades of searching , the true nature of dark matter still eludes us .	One potential probe of the form of dark matter in galaxy clusters is to search for microlensing variability in the giant arcs and arclets .
Typical arguments include possible benefits to women , possible benefits to the economy , and the unfairness of the current female under-representation .	However , these justifications are never explicitly and thoroughly presented .
We present an approximate calculation of the full Bayesian posterior probability distribution for the local non-Gaussianity parameter $ f_ { \text { nl } } $ from observations of cosmic microwave background anisotropies within the framework of information field theory .	The approximation that we introduce allows us to dispense with numerically expensive sampling techniques .
Further we simplify the problem and consider the pure $ ^ { 3 } P_ { 2 } $ pairing with $ m_ { j } =0 $ , as is adopted in the minimal cooling paradigm .	As was expected because of current conservation we have obtained a large suppression of the neutrino emissivity in the vector channel .
We interpret this result as an operatorial computation of the amplitudes in the B-model mirror which is the Kodaira-Spencer quantum theory .	The only degree of freedom of this theory is an unconventional chiral scalar on a Riemann surface .
We examine the general structure of the formulae of neutrino oscillations proposed by Blasone and Vitiello ( BV ) .	Reconstructing their formulae with the retarded propagators of the flavor neutrino fields for the case of many flavors , we can get easily the formulae which satisfy the suitable boundary conditions and are independent of arbitrary mass parameters $ \ { \mu_ { \rho } \ } $ , as is obtained by BV for the case of two flavors .
The redshift z distributions of quasars support the existence of superstructures .	Since there are superstructures in the universe , it is not necessary for the hypothesis of dark energy .
Desingularization of the cotangent sheaf is equivalent to monomialization of Fitting ideals generated by minors of a given order of the logarithmic Jacobian matrix of s. We prove resolution of singularities of the cotangent sheaf in dimension up to three .	It was previously known for surfaces with isolated singularities ( Hsiang-Pati 1985 , Pardon-Stern 2001 ) .
This paper is about equality of proofs in which a binary predicate formalizing properties of equality occurs , besides conjunction and the constant true proposition .	The properties of equality in question are those of a preordering relation , those of an equivalence relation , and other properties appropriate for an equality relation in linear logic .
We present a study of the composite supernova remnant G0.9+0.1 based on observations by XMM-Newton .	The EPIC spectrum shows diffuse X-ray emission from the region corresponding to the radio shell .
The absorbed energy is then redistributed into electron-positron pairs and soft radiation .	We show that as quenching sets an upper value for the source rest-frame gamma-ray luminosity , one has , by neccessity , to resort to Doppler factors that lie above a certain value in order to explain the TeV observations .
In this short note , we reduce the N=6 , U ( N ) xU ( N ) Chern-Simons gauge theories to N=8 , U ( N ) Yang-Mills gauge theories .	This process corresponds to recovering the world-volume theory of N D2-branes from that of N M2-branes in an intermediate energy range .
The surface pattern or template is decomposed into its Fourier modes , and the decay of these modes is analyzed .	The persistence of the surface pattern into the disordered bulk is given for several types of patterns ( e.g.uniform and striped surface ) .
A general local Fourier analysis for overlapping block smoothers on triangular grids is presented .	This analysis is explained in a general form for its application to problems with different discretizations .
Our findings , obtained using parallel lattice Boltzmann equation method , relate to ( i ) whole-device , steady-state flow and species distribution and ( ii ) the properties of the scaffold .	In particular the results identify which elements of the problem may be addressed by coarse grained methods such as the Darcy approximation and those which require a more complete description .
The rate of visible gap creation is a function of the width of the stream .	The available data for four streams : the NW stream of M31 , the Pal~5 stream , the Orphan Stream and the Eastern Banded Structure , are compared to the LCDM predicted relation .
The error of the DPM is shown to vanish asymptotically under given conditions on the sequence of consensus errors .	Finally , we consider applications to spectrum sensing in cognitive radio networks , and we show that virtually all eigenvalue-based tests proposed in the literature can be implemented in a distributed setting using either the DPM or the DLA .
In this paper , we consider various techniques for demonstrating RIP deterministically , some popular and some novel , and we evaluate their performance .	In evaluating some techniques , we apply random matrix theory and inadvertently find a simple alternative proof that certain random matrices are RIP .
Fast solutions $ \mathcal { O } ( N ) $ are achieved by using a kernel-independent interpolation-based fast multipole method .	Unlike other fast multipole algorithms , our approach exploits the regularity of the underlying Cartesian grid and the efficiency of FFTs to reduce the computation time .
In this paper we study super dialgebras and Leibniz superalgebras , which are $ \z_2 $ -graded dialgebras and Leibniz algebras .	We also study universal central extesions of Leibniz superalgebras and obtain some results as in the case of Lie superalgebras .
Operating at a frequency of 28.5 GHz , the FWHM primary beam of the instrument is 6.6 arcminutes .	We have made sensitive images of seven fields , five of which where chosen specifically to have low IR dust contrast and be free of bright radio sources .
Does perturbation theory , effective theories , the renormalization group , etc. , tell us all there is to know about these problems ?	An alternative approach identifies the cause of divergences as due to the effort to multiplicatively relate two measures that are mutually singular , while the cure for those divergences is to introduce an O ( \hbar ) counterterm that converts mutually singular measures into equivalent measures .
This method can be applied to cool at once a disordered ensemble of spins .	Since the bath is crucial for this mechanism , the cooling limits are set by the strength of its interaction with the spin ( s ) .
Surviving nucleosynthesis products therefore tend to originate from underdense regions .	We compute expected surviving light element ( $ ^2 $ H , $ ^3 $ He , $ ^4 $ He , $ ^7 $ Li ) abundance yields for a variety of stochastic fluctuation spectra .
Results indicate that Scopus provides significantly more coverage of HCI literature than Web of Science , primarily due to coverage of relevant ACM and IEEE peer-reviewed conference proceedings .	No significant differences exist between the two databases if citations in journals only are compared .
It is known that when the matrices of the set have a common nonincreasing polyhedral norm , all infinite products converge to zero if and only if all infinite periodic products with period smaller than a certain value converge to zero , and bounds exist on that value .	We provide a stronger bound holding for both polyhedral norms and polyhedral seminorms .
The metallicity of the host star is a critical parameter in such processes and can impact the occurence rate or physical properties of these planets .	While a frequency-metallicity correlation has been found for giant planets , this is still an ongoing debate for their smaller counterparts .
In this first paper of an ongoing program to study the Stream in absorption , we present a chemical abundance analysis based on HST/COS and VLT/UVES spectra of four AGN ( RBS 144 , NGC 7714 , PHL 2525 , and HE 0056-3622 ) lying behind the MS. Two of these sightlines yield good MS metallicity measurements : toward RBS 144 we measure a low MS metallicity of [ S/H ] = [ S II/H I ] =-1.13+/-0.16 while toward NGC 7714 we measure [ O/H ] = [ O I/H I ] =-1.24+/-0.20 .	Taken together with the published MS metallicity toward NGC 7469 , these measurements indicate a uniform abundance of ~0.1 solar along the main body of the Stream .
The non-observation of tensor modes imposes new constraints on the parameter space of the system that are about one order of magnitude stronger than those found in our previous work .	More importantly , in certain regions of the parameter space tensor modes might be detected by upcoming Cosmic Microwave Background experiments even if inflation occurs at energies as low as the TeV scale .
This quantity is closely related to the minimum semidefinite rank of G , which has been widely studied .	Considering the minimum vector rank as an analogue of the chromatic number , this work defines critical graphs as those for which the removal of any vertex decreases the minimum vector rank ; and complement critical graphs as those for which the removal of any vertex decreases the minimum vector rank of either the graph or its complement .
Elucidating the genetic basis of human diseases is a central goal of genetics and molecular biology .	While traditional linkage analysis and modern high-throughput techniques often provide long lists of tens or hundreds of disease gene candidates , the identification of disease genes among the candidates remains time-consuming and expensive .
In a previous work , consistency of D3-instantons with S-duality was established at first order in the instanton expansion , using the modular properties of the M5-brane elliptic genus .	We extend this analysis to the two-instanton level , where wall-crossing phenomena start playing a role .
We focus on the minimal realisation of the TH mechanism , the Fraternal Twin Higgs , with only a single generation of twin quarks and leptons , and $ SU ( 3 ) '\times SU ( 2 ) ' $ gauge group .	We show that a variety of natural twin-WIMP DM candidates are present ( directly linked to the weak scale by naturalness ) , the simplest and most attractive being the $ \tau^\prime $ lepton with a mass $ m_ { \tau^\prime } & gt ; m_ { \rm Higgs } /2 $ , although spin-1 $ W^ { \prime\pm } $ DM and multicomponent DM are also possible ( twin baryons are strongly disfavoured by tuning ) .
We investigate the charge transport in synthetic DNA polymers built up from single types of base pairs .	In the context of a polaron-like model , for which an electronic tight-binding system and bond vibrations of the double helix are coupled , we present estimates for the electron-vibration coupling strengths utilizing a quantum-chemical procedure .
The latter is customarily defined specifying the functions epsilon ( theta ) ( the energy emitted per jet unit solid angle ) and Gamma ( theta ) ( the Lorentz factor of the emitting material ) ; the apparent structure is instead defined by us as the isotropic equivalent energy E_iso ( theta_v ) as a function of the viewing angle theta_v .	We show how to predict the apparent structure of a jet given its intrinsic structure .
These data strongly favour the grazing sheet model over turbulence as the primary source of pulsar scattering .	This model can reproduce the parameters of the observed diffractive scintillation with an accuracy at the percent level .
We identify that the two clouds as the parent clouds of the first generation stars in M20 .	The mass of each cloud is estimated to be ~10^3 Msun and their separation velocity is ~8 km/s over ~1-2 pc .
We apply dynamical systems techniques to investigate cosmological models inspired in scalar-tensor theories written in the Einstein frame .	We prove that if the potential and the coupling function are sufficiently smooth functions , the scalar field almost always diverges into the past .
Here we consider the case of exponential mixing or rapid mixing ( super polynomial ) .	We develop the operator theory framework amenable to this setting and show that the same estimates may be used to produce results , in terms of the operators , which go beyond the results for the rate of mixing .
From data on more than 2 million patents and their citations , we extract an attractiveness function , $ A ( k , l ) $ , which determines the likelihood that a patent will be cited .	$ A ( k , l ) $ is approximately separable into a product of a function $ A_k ( k ) $ and a function $ A_l ( l ) $ , where $ k $ is the number of citations already received ( in-degree ) and $ l $ is the age measured in patent number units .
The more recent investigation of adhesives by probe-tack methods also revealed the importance of cavitation and stringing mechanisms during debonding , underlining the influence of large deformations and of the related non-linear response of the material , which also intervenes during peeling .	Although a global modelling of the complex coupling of all these ingredients remains a formidable issue , we report here some key experiments and modelling arguments that should constitute an important step forward .
This is the range of M_A in which the tension between the observed eta_b ( 1S ) mass and its prediction based on QCD can be resolved due to mixing , and which is thus still consistent with a light CP-even Higgs boson H satisfying LEP constraints with a mass well below 114 GeV .	This result is practically independent from the coupling of A to b quarks .
We show that this prescription predicts a wide variation of local star formation efficiency per free-fall time , $ \epsilon_ { \rm ff } \sim 0.1 - 10\ % $ , and gas depletion time , $ t_ { \rm dep } \sim 0.1 - 10 $ Gyr .	In addition , it predicts an effective density threshold for star formation due to suppression of $ \epsilon_ { \rm ff } $ in warm diffuse gas stabilized by thermal pressure .
In this paper a method of obtaining smooth analytical estimates of probability densities , radial distribution functions and potentials of mean force from sampled data in a statistically controlled fashion is presented .	The approach is general and can be applied to any density of a single random variable .
Large systems are commonly internetworked .	A security policy describes the communication relationship between the networked entities .
The doping dependence of dry thermal oxidation rates in n-type 4H-SiC was investigated .	The oxidation was performed in the temperature range 1000C to 1200C for samples with nitrogen doping in the range of 6.5e15/cm3 to 9.3e18/cm3 , showing a clear doping dependence .
In particular , if $ b $ is a prime power , we will show the equality between the $ k $ digits of $ Z_ { b } ( b^ { k } ) $ and the first $ k $ digits in the fractional part of $ \vartheta ( b ) $ .	In the general case we will see that this equality still holds except for , at most , the last $ \lfloor \log_ { b } ( k ) +3\rfloor $ digits .
We propose a new scheme which links as directly as possible the experimental search to a material-based microscopic theory for topological superconductivity .	For this , the analysis of scanning tunneling microscopy , which typically uses a phenomenological ansatz for the superconductor gap functions , is elevated to a theory , where a multi-orbital functional renormalization group analysis allows for an unbiased microscopic determination of the material-dependent pairing potentials .
Previously the data of the orbit of the star S2 have been fitted with Keplerian orbits corresponding to a massive black hole ( MBH ) with a mass of M $ _ { BH } $ =3-4 $ \times10^6 $ M_sun implying an insignificant cusp mass.However , it has also been shown that the central black hole resides in a ~1 '' diameter stellar cluster of a priori unknown mass .	In a spherical potential which is neither Keplerian nor harmonic , orbits will precess resulting in inclined rosetta shaped trajectories on the sky .
An overview of recent experimental searches for SUSY particles is presented .	These searches are based on data collected by the CDF and the \D0 experiments operating at the Fermilab Tevatron proton-antiproton collider with $ \sqrt { s } $ = 1.96 TeV .
The optimal operating condition of the DCM is obtained by considering dispersion management configurations for the symmetrical system i.e Pre-compensation & amp ; Post-compensation .	The dispersion compensating fiber ( DCF ) is tested for a single span , single channel system operating at a speed of 10 Gb/s with a transmitting wavelength of 1550 nm , over 120 km single mode fibre by using the compensating fiber for 24 km,30km and 35Km .
We report the experimental results from a dark study and a photo-excited study of the high mobility GaAs/AlGaAs system at large filling factors , $ \nu $ .	At large- $ \nu $ , the dark study indicates several distinct phase relations ( `` Type-1 '' , `` Type-2 '' , and `` Type-3 '' ) between the oscillatory diagonal- and Hall- resistances , as the canonical Integral Quantum Hall Effect ( IQHE ) is manifested in the `` Type-1 '' case of approximately orthogonal diagonal- and Hall resistance- oscillations .
The Poisson randomness might be appeared in observation of low contrast object in the field of imaging .	The noise observation is often hard to treat in a theo- retical analysis .
In particular , sharp lower and upper bounds for the Castelnuovo-Mumford regularity and the projective dimension are provided .	Precise formulas are obtained for a large subclass of these ideals .
The very high pressure produced in the compound system as a result of the fusion of the two colliding nuclei is the reason for the subsequent hydrodynamic expansion of the nuclear medium .	The energy and angular distributions of the reaction products are investigated .
Meixner oscillators have a ground state and an `energy ' spectrum that is equally spaced ; they are a two-parameter family of models that satisfy a Hamiltonian equation with a { \it difference } operator .	Meixner oscillators include as limits and particular cases the Charlier , Kravchuk and Hermite ( common quantum-mechanical ) harmonic oscillators .
Having creative ideas is the first critical step in the innovation process .	Many studies suggest that customers are a valuable source of creative ideas .
In this approximation , we derive a two-dimensional lens equation and formulae for the position and the magnification of the relativistic images in the strong field limit .	The most outstanding effect is the generation of a non trivial caustic structure .
Schemes for two-dimensional ( 2D ) and three-dimensional ( 3D ) atomic states localization in a five level M-type system using standing-wave laser fields are presented .	In the upper two levels of the system we see a `coupled ' localization for both 2D and 3D case .
Then , we extend the closed-form description of S_m from the known cases when m = 3 and m = 4 to any integer m \geq 3 .	With the help of a computer , we also generalize this to sequences that avoid solutions to specific weighted averages in distinct terms .
As a technical byproduct , we describe slicing and subtraction techniques for an efficient calculation of a new type of real corrections that are induced by the generated photon distribution .	A numerical discussion of the higher-order effects suggests that the remaining theoretical uncertainty from unknown electroweak corrections is dominated by non-universal two-loop effects and is of the order 0.0003 when translated into a shift in sin^2\theta_W=1-MW^2/MZ^2 .
The aim is to explain measured NMR spin-lattice relaxation times in BaCu_ { 2 } ( Si_ { 0.5 } Ge_ { 0.5 } ) _ { 2 } O_ { 7 } , which is the realization of a random spin chain .	In agreement with experiments we find that the distribution of relaxation times within the model shows a very large span similar to the stretched-exponential form .
The configurations of resulting static patterns depend sensitively on the shape of the specimen .	In particular , geometric barrier , present in the samples with rectangular cross-section , plays an important role in determining the sharp boundary between the phases of different topology .
Therefore , the existence of partial Hadamard matrices can be proved by showing that there is positive probability of a random walk returning to the origin after a specified number of steps .	Moreover , the number of these designs can be approximated by estimating the return probabilities .
We explain how to construct the first order differential equations and investigate properties of the associated connections , thereby preparing the grounds for an analysis of quantum symmetries .	The general considerations are illustrated in examples of Virasoro minimal models .
The cluster candidates were first selected by their X-ray emission in the ROSAT-All Sky Survey and subsequently spectroscopically identified in the frame of an ESO key programme .	In addition to the cluster catalogue we also describe the complete selection criteria as a function of the sky position and the conversion functions used to analyse the X-ray data .
We study an asymptotic behavior of a density for an infinite collection of genotypes .	The cases of space homogeneous and space heterogeneous densities are considered .
A suitable notion of vector meson dominance is formulated .	The constraints on the heavy meson -light vector and heavy meson-light pseudoscalar coupling constants are obtained using experimental $ D^* \ra D \ , \gamma $ branching ratios .
A single atomic ion was confined in an RF Paul trap and the absorption imaged at near wavelength resolution with a phase Fresnel lens .	The observed image contrast of 3.1 ( 3 ) % is the maximum theoretically allowed for the imaging resolution of our setup .
In addition , our flexible framework can easily accommodate other variants of the MPP problem .	Focusing on the time optimal algorithm , we evaluate its performance , both as a stand alone algorithm and as a generic heuristic for quickly solving large problem instances .
Though conceptually simple and easy to understand , the mention-pair model is linguistically rather unappealing and lags far behind the heuristic-based coreference models proposed in the pre-statistical NLP era in terms of sophistication .	Two independent lines of recent research have attempted to improve the mention-pair model , one by acquiring the mention-ranking model to rank preceding mentions for a given anaphor , and the other by training the entity-mention model to determine whether a preceding cluster is coreferent with a given mention .
We explicitly address the different momentum ( $ q $ ) dependence of quasi-particles excitations resulted from thermal and quantum origin : the former scales as $ |\bfq|^ { -2 } $ and hence is dominant in the small momentum region , while the later scales as $ |\bfq|^ { -1 } $ and hence dominant in the large momentum limit .	Analytic and semi-analytic results are derived , providing a unique method to determine the temperature , condensate density , coherent length and/or single particle gap etc .
We limit our consideration to the $ \mathfrak { su } ( 2 ) $ Lie subalgebra spanned by spin operators .	The biaxial nature of dipolar interactions allows for dynamical generation of spin-squeezed states in the system .
We did this by ( i ) decreasing the depth of the sand bed and ( ii ) reducing the container diameter to only a few ball diameters .	These confinements change the behavior of the ball inside the bed , the void collapse , and the resulting jet height and shape .
In the case of closed strings this extra term has a simple geometrical interpretation as the volume enclosed by the surface .	The associated variational problem yields as solutions constant mean curvature surfaces .
It remains an open question , due to lack of complete data for various cases with restricted growth , whether this e^ { 1/2 } ratio can be stated as e^ { 1/2 } -Law .	Two established examples already published , one for an epidemic spreading and one for droplet production , support however this ratio .
We first studied the critical phenomena and estimated some thermodynamic quantities .	Then , we compared all these results with the first -- principle lattice QCD calculations .
( 2.92\mu_B ) with their magnetic susceptibility data .	The estimation made directly from their data points gives a considerably smaller value of \mu_ { eff } =2.09\mu_B .
The essential properties of Dirac/Weyl fermions , including light effect mass , high mobility and non-trivial Berry phase , can be revealed by quantum oscillations .	Here we present the first systematic de Haas-van Alphen ( dHvA ) oscillation studies on the recently discovered Dirac line-node semimetal ZrSiS - a new type of topological phase of mater with Dirac crossings along a one dimensional line .
Apart from the absolute magnitude of the force , the dependence on the configuration is qualitatively the same as for metallic objects for which the anisotropy is a purely geometric effect .	In the weak limit closed analytic expressions for rather complicated configurations are obtained .
Soc. , 301 ( 1987 ) , 431-477 ) Igusa proved that the space of framed generalized Morse functions is ( n-1 ) -connected .	In the paper `` On the Classification of Topological Field Theories '' ( arXiv:0905.0465 ) Jacob Lurie gave an algebraic topological proof that the space of framed functions is contractible .
The initial singularity is avoided .	Horizon and flatness problems do not exist .
With the follow up XMM observations we find that the source spectrum is complex ; it either has an ionized absorber or a partially covering absorber .	The underlying power-law is in the normal range observed for AGNs .
The eigenvalue problem is solved and the spinor space constructed thereof , showing that the proposed Dirac operator is universal , changing only its domain for different spin $ _c $ structures .	Explicit expressions for the chirality and the eigenspinors are also found and consistency with the index theorem is established .
It involves an auxiliary system ( ancilla ) coupled to the system with two sequential CNOT gates , and the two-time histories of the system ( whose probabilities yield the correlation function ) are determined in a single-time measurement of the ancilla .	We find that the system state after the second CNOT gate disentangles from the ancilla and moreover , the effect of the interaction on the system is undetectable after the second interaction even though the interaction is invasive at earlier times .
Many document clustering algorithms provide localized search in effectively navigating , summarizing , and organizing information .	A global optimal solution can be obtained by applying high-speed and high-quality optimization algorithms .
Here , using classical molecular dynamics , we found several hitherto unknown bistable structural motifs that may be key to understanding the anomalous thermal properties of amorphous alumina at low temperatures .	We show through free energy profiles that the complex potential energy surface can be reduced to canonical TLSs .
This texture , much discussed previously , is neatly consistent with the observed deficits of solar $ \nu_e $ 's and atmospheric $ \nu_\mu $ 's , but ( without extra mixing with at least one sterile neutrino $ \nu_s $ ) predicts no LSND effect for accelerator $ \nu_\mu $ 's .	In this option , the masses $ m^2_1\stackrel { & lt ; } { \sim } m^2_2 & lt ; & lt ; m^2_3 $ are readily estimated .
The unprecedented growth of mobile data traffic challenges the performance and economic viability of today 's cellular networks , and calls for novel network architectures and communication solutions .	Data offloading through third-party WiFi or femtocell access points ( APs ) can effectively alleviate the cellular network congestion in a low operational and capital expenditure .
However , the central charge in the right sector remains to be explicitly derived so far .	In order to investigate this issue , we introduce new near horizon limits of ( near ) extremal Kerr and five-dimensional Myers-Perry black holes .
Also , a new device structure called the Triple Gate poly-Si TFT ( TG-TFT ) is discussed .	The key idea in the operation of this device is to make the dominant conduction mechanism in the channel to be controlled by the accumulation charge density modulation by the gate ( ACMG ) and not by the gate-induced grain barrier lowering ( GIGBL ) .
We have found the stationary solutions of the system and discussed their stability .	Within the large class of admissible solutions we have found a non-degenerate critical points and we pointed out multiple attractor type of trajectory travelling in neighborhood of three critical points at which we have the radiation dominating universe , the barotropic matter dominating state and finally the de Sitter attractor .
The flux front distortion due to the indentation is calculated numerically by solving the Maxwell equations with a highly nonlinear $ E ( j ) $ law .	We find that the excess penetration , $ \Delta $ , can be significantly ( $ \sim $ 50 % ) larger than the indentation radius $ r_0 $ , in contrast to a bulk supercondutor in the critical state where $ \Delta=r_0 $ .
We investigate whether or not the low ionisation fractions in molecular cloud cores can solve the `magnetic braking catastrophe ' , where magnetic fields prevent the formation of circumstellar discs around young stars .	We perform three-dimensional smoothed particle non-ideal magnetohydrodynamics ( MHD ) simulations of the gravitational collapse of one solar mass molecular cloud cores , incorporating the effects of ambipolar diffusion , Ohmic resistivity and the Hall effect alongside a self-consistent calculation of the ionisation chemistry assuming 0.1 micron grains .
By using angle-resolved photoemission , we were able to show that the Te overlayer leaves the dispersive bands of the surface states intact and that it does not alter the chemical potential of the Bi $ _2 $ Te $ _3 $ thin film .	From in-situ four-point contact measurements , we observed that the conductivity of the capped film is still mainly determined by the metallic surface states and that the contribution of the capping layer is minor .
We derive a correct weak-coupling kinetic equation valid for arbitrary ratio of masses of gas and impurity particles .	When gas particles are either lighter or heavier than the impurity we find that our theory is equivalent to the Boltzmann theory with the collision integral calculated via the Fermi Golden Rule .
However , the construction of a quantum field theory ( QFT ) is more problematic .	One can define a family of local algebras on an atlas of globally hyperbolic subspacetimes .
By comparing the resulting 0.8 to 4.2 um spectrum to a mesh of model photospheric spectra , the 6 emission line analysis of the Rayner et al .	2009 catalogue , and the 25 system collection of debris disks we have observed to date using SpeX under the Near InfraRed Debris disk Survey ( NIRDS ; Lisse et al .
We compute the leading contributions to the magnetic dipole and electric quadrupole moments of the baryon decuplet in chiral perturbation theory .	The measured value for the magnetic moment of the $ \Omega^- $ is used to determine the local counterterm for the magnetic moments .
A handful of nearby supernovae ( SNe ) with visual extinctions of a few magnitudes have recently been discovered .	However , an undiscovered population of much more highly extinguished ( A ( V ) & gt ; 10 ) core-collapse supernovae ( CCSNe ) is likely to exist in the nuclear ( central kpc ) regions of starburst galaxies .
Dark energy interacting with dark matter is a promising model to solve the cosmic coincidence problem .	We study the signature of such interaction on large scale cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) temperature anisotropies .
We present the first unambiguous evidence of a broad ( Gaussian width ~330 eV ) component of the iron K-alpha fluorescent emission line in the X-ray obscured Narrow Line Seyfert 1 Galaxy NGC5506 .	This is the main results of a spectroscopic monitoring campaign on this source performed with the XMM-Newton observatory between February 2001 and January 2009 .
Mobile WiMAX has spurred tremendous interest from operators seeking to deploy high-performance yet cost-effective broadband wireless networks .	The IEEE 802.16e standard based Mobile WiMAX system will be investigated for the purpose of Quality of Service provisioning .
Multi-energy radiography allows quantitative determination of the atomic composition of objects .	This is its principal advantage over conventional radiography .
Oxygen and sulfur emissions are simultaneously detected with the chlorine which allows for self-consistent abundance ratios of chlorine to these other atmospheric species .	The disk averaged ratios are : Cl/O = 0.017 +/- 0.008 , Cl/S = 0.10 +/- 0.05 , and S/O = 0.18 +/- 0.08 .
Bitcoin is the first successful decentralized global digital cash system .	Usefulness of the mining process requiring a lot of computational resources to be wasted , though , remains disputable .
For the linear case , we first show that the initial-boundary value problem for Maxwell 's equations in which a pulse is injected into a quiescent medium at the left endpoint can be approximated by a linear wave equation which can then be further reduced to the linear short-pulse equation .	A rigorous proof is given that the solution of the short pulse equation stays close to the solutions of the original wave equation over the time scales expected from the multiple scales derivation of the short pulse equation .
$ ... 010 ... $ and $ ... 101 ... $ , can not occur .	We propose to use this redundancy during LDPC decoding in a Bliss scheme by introducing additional $ d $ -constraint nodes in the factor graph used by the LDPC decoder .
Assuming that $ p_X/\rho_X & lt ; -0.6 $ we find that the required amount of the `` X '' component is not ruled out by the supernova limits .	Since the value of energy density parameter $ \Omega_ { v0 } $ for cosmological constant larger than 1 is excluded by gravitational lensing observations the value of the ratio $ p_X/\rho_X $ should lie between the values -1 and -0.6 if the model has to be free of the horizon problem beeing at the same time consistent with observations .
There is ~1.5 % chance that a 100 GeV primary cosmic gamma ray will produce a muon at detection level ( Fasso & amp ; Poirier , 1999 ) , a probability which increases with increasing gamma energy .	Project GRAND has 80 square meters of muon detector which identifies secondary muons & gt ; 0.1 GeV and measures their angles to 0.26 deg ( projected angle in the XZ and YZ planes ) .
This is the extended version of the paper `` Special Lagrangian conifolds , I : Moduli spaces '' , which discusses the deformation theory of special Lagrangian ( SL ) conifolds in complex space C^m .	Conifolds are a key ingredient in the compactification problem for moduli spaces of compact SLs in Calabi-Yau manifolds .
This is currently the third deepest X-ray survey in existence , a factor $ \sim 2-3 $ shallower than the Chandra Deep Fields ( CDFs ) but over an area $ \sim 3 $ times greater than each CDF .	We present a catalogue of 937 point sources detected in the deep \chandra\ observations .
Thus , we confirm a long-standing question of Yau in ALG and ALH cases .	3.In ALF-D_k case , it must have an O ( 4 ) -multiplet .
Suppose we add the class of moves of taking a nonnegative number of tokens jointly from all the piles .	We give a complete answer to the question which moves in the class can be adjoined without changing the winning strategy of nim .
We place new limits on the levels of scatter in the colour -- magnitude relation ( CMR ) in the Coma cluster , and investigate how the slope and scatter of the CMR depends on galaxy morphology , luminosity and position within the cluster .	As expected , the lowest levels of scatter are found in the elliptical galaxies , while the late type galaxies have the highest numbers of galaxies bluewards of the CMR .
Observations of core-collapse supernovae ( SNe ) have revealed the presence of extensive mixing of radioactive material in SN ejecta .	The mixing of radioactive material , mostly freshly synthesized Ni , is not complete , which leads to a two-phase SN ejecta structure .
Our investigation progresses by steps .	We first consider a local analysis in Newtonian gravity and determine the properties of acoustic wave propagation within these objects , as well as the relations between acoustic and epicyclic oscillations .
We attempt to determine the best order and search algorithm to store $ n $ comparable data items in an array , $ A $ , of length $ n $ so that we can , for any query value , $ x $ , quickly find the smallest value in $ A $ that is greater than or equal to $ x $ .	In particular , we consider the important case where there are many such queries to the same array , $ A $ , which resides entirely in RAM .
We investigate a phase-reference VLBI observation that was conducted at 15.4 GHz by fast switching VLBA antennas between the compact steep-spectrum radio source 3C 138 and the quasar PKS 0528+134 which are about 4 $ ^\circ $ away on the sky .	By comparing the phase-reference mapping with the conventional hybrid mapping , we demonstrate the feasibility of high precision astrometric measurements for sources separated by 4 $ ^\circ $ .
We study the conformal field theory of the D1/D5 system compactified on X ( X is T^4 or K3 ) .	It is described by a sigma model whose target space is the moduli space of instantons on X .
Focusing on three-eighths filling and using the density-matrix renormalization-group ( DMRG ) method , we show that the zero-temperature transition between the phases with small and large Fermi momenta appears continuous , and involves a new intermediate phase where the Fermi surface is not well defined .	The intermediate phase is spin gapped and has Kondo-spin correlations that show incommensurate modulations .
As a general result we point out that the relation between the quantum dynamics and classical Monte Carlo simulations for RK-Hamiltonians follows from the known fact that the imaginary-time evolution operator that describes optimal importance sampling , in which the exact ground state is used as guiding function , is Markovian .	Thus quantum dynamics can be studied by a classical Monte Carlo simulation for any Hamiltonian that is free of the sign problem provided its ground state is known explicitly .
Gamma-ray bursts ( GRB ) , at least those with a duration longer than a few seconds are the most energetic events in the Universe and occur at cosmological distances .	The ECLAIRs micro-satellite , to be launched in 2009 , will provide multi-wavelength observations of GRB , to study their astrophysics and to use them as cosmological probes .
The proposed algorithm can be summarized as follows .	In the scheduling algorithm based on Bayes Classification , the jobs in job queue will be classified into bad job and good job by Bayes Classification , when JobTracker gets task request , it will select a good job from job queue , and select tasks from good job to allocate JobTracker , then the execution result will feedback to the JobTracker .
Pattern recognition analysis of morphostructural data provide quantitative and systematic criteria for identifying the areas prone to the largest events , taking into account a wide set of possible geophysical and geological data , whilst the formal identification of precursory seismicity patterns ( by means of CN and M8S algorithms ) , duly validated by prospective testing , provides useful constraints about impending strong earthquakes at the intermediate space-time scale .	According to a multi-scale approach , the information about the areas where a strong earthquake is likely to occur can be effectively integrated with different observations ( e.g.geodetic and satellite data ) , including regional scale modeling of the stress field variations and of the seismic ground shaking , so as to identify a set of priority areas for detailed investigations of short-term precursors at local scale and for microzonation studies .
Such a topology is constructed explicitly .	As an immediate consequence , we obtain an improvement of a well-known result of Kalton-Shapiro and Drewnowski by showing that a quasi-Banach space contains a basic sequence if and only if it contains an infinite countable dimensional subspace whose dual is separating .
Analysis of the new dataset confirms that thermal emission from isothermal gas does not provide a good fit to the spectral distribution of the emission from the inner 1 degree radial region .	While the observed spectrum may be fit by emission from gas with a substantial temperature gradient , it is more likely that the emission includes also a secondary non-thermal component .
Such a multiplication is unique .	Let $ M $ be a k\ '' { a } hlerian symmetric space with the canonical Poisson structure .
Luhman , and R.B.Hallock , Phys.Rev.Lett .	\textbf { 93 } , 086106 ( 2004 ) ] attempted to observe KT features of the superfluid -- normal transition of this strongly disordered 2D bosonic system .
We investigate direct detection rates for Dark Matter candidates arise in a $ SU ( 2 ) _L\times U ( 1 ) _Y $ with an additional doublet Higgs proposed by Barbieri , Hall and Rychkov .	We refer this model as `Heavy Higgs Model ' .
The new data also permit a spectroscopic analysis of the diffuse emission regions , and a spectroscopic and timing analysis of the point sources .	Distances have been determined from HI and CO data to be 3.5 +/- 1.0 kpc for SNR G85.4+0.7 and 4.8 +/- 1.6 kpc for SNR G85.9-0.6 .
In the connected two-lobed geometry , the p- and s-states are strongly mixed by an antisymmetric vibrational mode , and the excitation decays by the mechanism where one lobe collapses while the other expands into the spherical s-state geometry .	The extreme pressure jump in a photoexcited bubble leads to shock formation that may halt the elongation even before adiabaticity is compromised .
We describe a newly developed hydrodynamic code for studying accretion disk processes .	The numerical method uses a finite volume , nonlinear , Total Variation Diminishing ( TVD ) scheme to capture shocks and control spurious oscillations .
We discuss nonanomalous R-symmetry in the supersymmetric grand unified theories .	In particular , we explore anomaly-free solutions predicting the gravitino mass in the range of $ 10^ { -3 } eV \lsim m_ { 3/2 } \lsim 1 TeV $ when the $ \mu $ -parameter is fixed to be $ \mu \simeq 1 TeV $ .
There is therefore a need for accessible calculations of interaction potentials between such particles and nearby surfaces and structures , bearing in mind that the particles are far out of thermal equilibrium with their environment and that their interaction is predominantly non-retarded .	Based on a new perturbative expansion with respect to the inverse speed of light and the inverse conductivity , we derive a simple , closed-form expression for the interaction potential ( i.e. , the particle energy level shifts ) of a particle and a metallic sphere that is is accurate at better than 1 % level for typical experimental set-ups at room temperature and above , and off by no more than a few percent at any temperature including zero .
The obtained set of realisations form the causally derived , intrinsically complete `` space of events '' providing the crucial extension of the notion of probability and the method of its first-principle calculation .	The fundamental dynamic uncertainty thus revealed is specified for Hamiltonian quantum systems and applied to quantum chaos description in periodically perturbed systems .
The group algebra of the permutation group is spanned by a set of elements called projectors .	The coordinates of permutations expanded in projectors are matrix elements of irreducible representations .
In previous work we showed that two apparently unrelated formulas for the Hall-Littlewood polynomials of type A are , in fact , closely related .	The first is the tableau formula obtained by specializing q=0 in the Haglund-Haiman-Loehr formula for Macdonald polynomials .
In this perspective , we adopt a semi-phenomenological version of the Hopfield model in which a space-time dependent dielectric susceptibility appears .	We focus our attention on perturbation theory , and provide general formulas for the photon production induced by a local but arbitrarily spacetime dependent refractive index perturbation .
The symmetry between quarks and leptons suggests that neutrinos should have mass .	As embodied in the grand unified theory SO ( 10 ) this yields masses that can only be detected by neutrino oscillations .
These processes are determined by certain measures sigma ( generalized spectral measures ) , and our focus here is on the case when the measure sigma is a singular measure .	We characterize the processes arising from when sigma is in one of the classes of affine self-similar measures .
A Monte Carlo model was used to study the scattering error of an absorption meter with a divergent light beam and a limited acceptance angle of the receiver .	Reflections at both ends of the tube were taken into account .
There is no existing any quadratic interval $ \eta_ { n } : = ( n^ { 2 } , ( n+1 ) ^ { 2 } ] , $ which contains less than 2 prime numbers .	The number of prime numbers within $ \eta_ { n } $ goes averagely linear with n to infinity.2 .
In this paper , operator gauge transformation , first introduced by Kobe , is applied to Maxwell 's equations and continuity equation in QED .	The gauge invariance is satisfied after quantization of electromagnetic fields .
Removal of short-range entanglement results in scale invariance being explicitly recovered at criticality .	In this way we obtain a proper renormalization group flow ( in the space of tensors ) , one that in particular ( i ) is computationally sustainable , even for critical systems , and ( ii ) has the correct structure of fixed points , both at criticality and away from it .
We studied the efficiency of two different schemes for a magnetically driven quantum heat engine , by considering as the working substance a single nonrelativistic particle trapped in a cylindrical potential well , in the presence of an external magnetic field .	The first scheme is a cycle , composed of two adiabatic and two isoenergetic reversible trajectories in configuration space .
We show that in this framework either maximal atmospheric neutrino mixing or maximal solar neutrino mixing or both can be imposed by invoking symmetries .	In this way those maximal mixings are stable against radiative corrections .
The scope of the engagement was to establish a standard set of processes based on CMMI\textregistered and ITIL\textregistered Framework across four business verticals scattered in Europe , United States and Asia .	The services of Software Quality Analyst ( SQA ) from different vendors were leveraged to facilitate implementation of processes which was referred to as the Quality Management System ( QMS ) .
A generalized Schwarz-Christoffel formula is used to express the inverse of phi .	The formula is found by introducing an affine Riemann surface .
These geometries descend via consistent truncation from distributions of D3-branes , M2-branes , or M5-branes in ten or eleven dimensions .	We exhibit analogous solutions asymptotic to AdS_6 which descend from the D4-D8-brane system .
Disorder is introduced either by randomizing the coupling between grains ( Model A disorder ) or by removing grains ( Model B disorder ) .	Three types of defects are considered : point disorder , random line disorder , and periodic line disorder ; but the emphasis is on random line disorder .
Persymmetric Jacobi matrices are invariant under reflection with respect to the anti-diagonal .	The associated orthogonal polynomials have distinctive properties that are discussed .
The algorithmic performance is evaluated as a function of the Tsallis parameter q in equilibrium and nonequilibrium setups .	Then , we revisit short-time dynamic techniques , which in contrast to usual simulations in equilibrium present negligible finite-size effects and no critical slowing down .
We show P ( 1,2 ) embeds in B^4 ( a ) if and only if a is at least 3 .	This shows the inclusion of P ( 1,2 ) in B^4 ( 3 ) is optimal .
By solving Navier-Stokes equations we determine analytically excitation spectrum of sloshing oscillations .	For parabolic confinement , the lowest frequency eigenmode is not renormalized by interactions and is protected from decay by the Kohn theorem , which states that center of mass motion decouples from internal dynamics .
The Higgs boson , relic of the spontaneous electroweak symmetry breaking , is one of the most important searches at current hadron colliders .	This thesis wishes to present theoretical predictions for the inclusive production and decay of the Higgs boson ( s ) either in the context of the Standard Model ( SM ) or in its minimal supersymmetric extension ( MSSM ) where five Higgs bosons are present .
Known classical algorithms for calculating these Mobius-like transforms take $ { \cal O } ( 2^n ) $ steps .	Our quantum algorithm is based on a Grover-like algorithm and it takes $ { \cal O } ( \sqrt { 2^n } ) $ steps .
In this work we investigate the role of the symmetry of the Lagrangian on the existence of defects in systems of coupled scalar fields .	We focus attention mainly on solutions where defects may nest defects .
The wave property of phonons is employed to explore the thermal transport across a finite periodic array of nano-scatterers such as circular and triangular holes .	As thermal phonons are generated in all directions , we study their transmission through a single array for both normal and oblique incidences , using a linear dispersionless time-dependent acoustic frame in a two-dimensional system .
This abrupt event takes place at an infinite cosmic time where the scalar curvature explodes .	We show that a doomsday \'a la little sibling of the big rip is compatible with an accelerating universe , indeed at present it would mimic perfectly a LCDM scenario .
We calculate differential distributions for the $ p p \to p p \gamma $ reaction at the LHC energy $ \sqrt { s } = 14 $ TeV .	We consider diffractive classical bremsstrahlung mechanisms including effects of non point-like nature of protons .
The matrix spectral parameter and dressing actions in loop groups are also discussed .	We describe reductions to twisted loop groups , unitary reductions , the matrix Lax pair for the KdV equation and reductions of chiral models ( harmonic maps ) to SU ( n ) and to Grassmann spaces .
We investigate the order parameter of Sr $ _2 $ RuO $ _4 $ in an exchange-only magnetic field .	A Ginzburg-Landau symmetry analysis implies three possibilities : a pure $ ^3 $ He A phase , a $ ^3 $ He A $ _1 $ or a $ ^3 $ He A $ _2 $ phase .
These are well-known .	We consider the relation to the expected overlap functions of Chalker and Mehlig .
Based on a study of the analytic running coupling obtained from the standard perturbation theory results up to four-loop order , the QCD `` synthetic '' running coupling \alpha_ { syn } is built .	In so doing the perturbative time-like discontinuity is preserved and nonperturbative contributions not only remove the nonphysical singularities of the perturbation theory in the infrared region but also decrease rapidly in the ultraviolet region .
Working toward a model independent understanding of cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) anisotropies and their significance , we undertake a comprehensive and self-contained study of scalar perturbation theory .	Initial conditions , evolution , thermal history , matter content , background dynamics , and geometry all play a role in determining the anisotropy .
All these three SMGs are heavily dust obscured , with UV-based star formation rate ( SFR ) estimates significantly smaller than the ones derived from the bolometric infrared ( IR ) , consistent with the spatial offsets revealed by HST and CO imaging .	Based also on evaluations of the specific SFR , CO-to-H $ _2 $ conversion factor and gas depletion timescale , we classify all the three galaxies as starbursts ( SBs ) , although with a lower confidence for GN20.2b that might be a later stage merging event .
The correspondence between the trajectory end and the parameter $ x/k^ { 1/2 } $ is found .	The obtained results can be applied to the calculation of the main values of the observables depending on k in the k-th order of perturbation theory at larges k and , probably , to the multiparticle production problem .
The existence of long-living higher-order correlations and flicker noise in the Kac 's ring model is demonstrated .	It is shown that conventional Boltzmannian gas kinetics losses 1/f-noise because incorrectly takes into account the conservation of particles and probabilities in collision events .
Other fundamental parameters was found with modeling .	This approach gave : white dwarf mass M_1 = ( 0.8 +- 0.2 ) M_sun , secondary mass M_2= ( 0.497 +- 0.05 ) M_sun , orbital radius a=1.418 R_sun , orbital inclination i = ( 81.58 +- 0.5 ) deg , accretion disk radius r_d/a = 0.366 +- 0.002 , and accretion rate dot { M } = ( 2.5 +- 2 ) * 10^ { 18 } [ g/s ] , ( 3*10^ { -8 } [ M_sun/yr ] ) .
The next order seasonal effects are due to the seasonality of the background SST and ocean upwelling velocity , and the corresponding mechanisms are analyzed .	It is suggested that the seasonal forcing has a first order effect on ENSO 's dynamics .
We find that there could be two types of Mott transitions and phases .	One of them was described long ago and corresponds to suppression of Josephson tunneling within superfluids sitting at each well .
For this purpose an abstract quenched large deviations principle of the Gaertner-Ellis type is obtained .	Using the properties of Ruelle 's probability cascades and the Bolthausen-Sznitman coalescent , we derive Talagrand 's representation of the Guerra remainder term for our model .
Spin-orbit coupling is ubiquitous in quantum dot quantum computing architectures , and makes spin qubits susceptible to charge noise .	We derive a Hamiltonian describing the effect of spin-orbit and noise on a single-spin qubit in a quantum dot .
We found that as dust number density $ \eta $ increases , the charge distribution experience four phases .	In one of these phases the electrostatic field $ E $ caused by dust motion increases as $ E \propto \eta^4 $ .
In order to be able to plan further X-ray observations of other HH objects , it is now of interest to be able to estimate their X-ray luminosities in order to choose which objects to observe .	This paper describes a simple , analytic model for predicting the X-ray luminosity of a bow shock from the parameters of the flow ( i.e. , the size of the bow shock , its velocity , and the pre-shock density ) .
The design solving process is based on Hierarchical Morphological Multicriteria Design ( HMMD ) approach : ( 1 ) design of a tree-like system model , ( 2 ) generation of design alternatives for leaf nodes of the system model , ( 3 ) Bottom-Up process : ( i ) multicriteria selection of design alternatives for system parts/components and ( ii ) composing the selected alternatives into a resultant combination ( while taking into account ordinal quality of the alternatives above and their compatibility ) .	A realistic numerical example illustrates the design process of a management system for smart homes .
Spinnaker is an experimental datastore that is designed to run on a large cluster of commodity servers in a single datacenter .	It features key-based range partitioning , 3-way replication , and a transactional get-put API with the option to choose either strong or timeline consistency on reads .
The cluster system of NGC 1399 is found to extend further than 100 kpc away from the galaxy .	The color distribution exhibits a pronounced bimodality .
( ii ) Electrodynamics : The electromagnetic field strength as a 2-form carries 6 independent components , whereas Evans ' electromagnetic construct F^\a is a vector-valued 2-form with 24 independent components .	This does n't match .
In this Ph.D thesis three main projects are presented .	In the first one the phenomenology associated with the neutralinos and charginos sector of the left-right symmetric supersymmetric model is explored .
The presence of two families of copper nanoparticles in the vitreous matrix .	The first , purely absorbing , of diameter 10-50 nm , essentially creates color by a substractive process .
In particular , at high relative inclinations , a planet can undergo a large-amplitude eccentricity oscillation .	This so-called `` Kozai mechanism '' is effective at a very long range , and its amplitude is purely dependent on the relative orbital inclination .
Poynting flux-dominated jets with reversing B-fields provide a natural and efficient way to dissipate energy via the reconnection process .	Gamma-rays are produced at the spatially separated reconnection sites .
This opens a route to create electromagnetic absorbers for real and not only numerical applications and as an example we introduce a layered absorber for the wavelength of $ 8 $ ~ $ \mu $ m made of SiO $ _2 $ and NaCl .	We also show that similar cylindrical core-shell nanostructures derived from flat multilayers also exhibit very good absorptive and reflective properties despite the different geometry .
We demonstrate a close correspondence between the spectral as well as eigenfuncton statistics of these random matrix ensembles and those of the random tight-binding Hamiltonian in the point of the Anderson localization transition in three dimensions .	Finally we present a simple field theory in 1+1 dimensions which reproduces level statistics of both of these random matrix models and the classical Wigner-Dyson spectral statistics in the framework of the unified formalism of Luttinger liquid .
The analytic theory of this `` black hole laser '' process is quite complicated , so we provide some numerical results in the hope of aiding understanding of this interesting phenomenon .	Specifically , we consider sonic horizons in a moving fluid .
In this review we discuss in detail the various seesaw scenarios that can implement the leptogenesis mechanism successfully , beyond the paradigm of the pure standard type-I seesaw model .	This includes scenarios based on the existence of scalar triplets ( type-II ) , of fermion triplets ( type-III ) as well as mixed seesaw frameworks .
In this method first the non-minimum phase zero of the process is cancelled to an arbitrary degree by the proposed pre-compensator and then a classical controller is designed to control the series connection of these two systems .	Since plants with multiple non-minimum phase zeros and oscillatory poles are very common in the problems related to robotics , the proposed method is applied to these systems to confirm its effectiveness .
In this report I will summarize some of the IceCube results concerning searches for astrophysical neutrino point sources and diffuse fluxes from populations of sources widely distributed in the sky or from the interactions of protons on the cosmic microwave background producing the GZK cut-off in the cosmic ray spectrum .	I will compare the results to other neutrino telescopes and to astrophysical models of neutrino production in sources .
However , we impose an epistemic restriction by not granting Opponent omniscience , so that Proponent can have undisclosed secret moves .	We introduce a basic C-like programming language and we define such a semantic model for it .
The design of the precoder the maximizes the mutual information in linear vector Gaussian channels with an arbitrary input distribution is studied .	Precisely , the precoder optimal left singular vectors and singular values are derived .
We investigate in detail the resonance in a two-channel wire .	The ( negative ) conductance correction peaks at the resonance , and decays exponentially as the Fermi energy is tuned away ; the resonance width being given by the temperature .
We present combined interferometric and spectroscopic studies of LamVir .	The small scale of the LamVir orbit ( ~20 mas ) is well resolved by the Infrared Optical Telescope Array ( IOTA ) , allowing us to determine its elements as well as the physical properties of the components to high accuracy .
The relative proximity of the Magellanic Clouds allows detailed spectroscopic analysis of the PNs therein , while the Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) is necessary to obtain their spatially-resolved images .	In this paper we discuss the history and evolution of this relatively recent branch of stellar astrophysics by reviewing the pioneering studies , and the most recent ground- and space-based achievements .
We find that there is a simple form in which the set of parameters is related primitively to the physical quantities .	It is shown that the Michel parameters are one of the other sets that are obtained from this simple form by rearranging one term .
[ M. Lewenstein and A. Sanpera , Phys.Rev.Lett .	80 , 2261 ( 1998 ) ] .
For the Schroedinger principal bundle a natural differential calculus for `wave forms ' is developed that leads to a natural generalization of the concept of Laplace-Beltrami operator associated with a pseudo-Riemannian metric .	The free Schroedinger operator turns out to be the Laplace-Beltrami operator associated with a naturally distinguished invariant pseudo-Riemannian metric on the Schroedinger principal bundle .
With quantum theory kept and Lorentz structure replaced by Euclidean Jordan algebra -- - a more fundamental structure , one naturally arrives at the notion of abstract fundamental matter particles .	These abstract particles fall into distinct abstract universes according to their symmetry groups .
The high mass X-ray binary pulsar 4U 1538-52 was observed between July 31 and August 7 , 2003 .	Using these observations , we determined new orbital epochs for both circular and elliptical orbit models .
Data from heavy-ion collisions measured at RHIC and LHC are analyzed using the introduced approach and are combined in terms of energy density .	The observed regularities might be explained by the formation of QGP during the collision .
We assume that the galactical dark matter halo , considered composed of an axionlike particles Bose-Einstein condensate \cite { pir12 } , can present topological defects , namely domain walls , arising as the dark soliton solution for the Gross-Pitaevskii equation in a self-graviting potential .	We investigate the influence that such substructures would have in the gravitational interactions within a galaxy .
This allows us to treat the collective coordinate for the monopole excitations , which parametrizes the extension of the soliton , in the harmonic approximation .	The canonical quantization of this coordinate yields a spectrum which agrees reasonably well with the empirical data for the Roper resonance , N ( 1440 ) , and the corresponding one for the Delta , $ \Delta $ ( 1600 ) .
We study a wireless broadcast network , where a single source reliably communicates independent messages to multiple destinations , with the aid of relays and cooperation between destinations .	The wireless nature of the medium is captured by the broadcast nature of transmissions as well as the superposition of all transmit signals plus independent Gaussian noise at the received signal at any radio .
The intrinsic colors at maximum light are calibrated to compute optical -- NIR color excesses for the full sample , thus allowing the properties of the reddening law in the host galaxies to be studied .	A low value of Rv~1.7 , is derived when using the entire sample of SNe .
{ \bf 112 } , 086601 ( 2014 ) ] .	Due to the hot-electron effect , the conductance decreases and the current shows the tendency of the saturation with the increase of the applied electric field .
There is no correlation with Sigma_gas , Sigma_H2 , or Sigma_SFR .	For clusters younger than 10 Myr , M_3rd is proportional to Sigma_HI^0.6 , M_3rd is proportional to Sigma_gas^0.5 ; there is no correlation with either Sigma_H_2 or Sigma_SFR .
A key ingredient of the Collapsar model that explains how the collapse of massive stars produces a GRB is the emergence of a relativistic jet that penetrates the stellar envelope .	The condition that the emerging jet penetrates the envelope poses strong constraints on the system .
It proposes the set of tools , which can be used to realise this objective .	The big part of report covers the study of complex pattern propagation factor as the critical issue of the Advanced Propagation Model ( APM ) .
The first chapter gives a corresponding analysis of Maxwell theory and introduces the new equations .	The second chapter gives a full account of the results , including the photon-like solutions , in the vacuum case .
We show that the classification of isometries of symmetric cosets can be extended to non symmetric Sigma.s if these manifolds satisfy additional mathematical restrictions .	The classification criteria established in the mathematical literature are coherent with simple criteria formulated in terms of the asymptotic behavior of the Kahler potential K ( C ) = 2 J ( C ) where the real scalar field C encodes the inflaton field .
The transfer matrices used to compute the partition function are shown to be isomorphic to certain operators arising in the so-called boson-fermion correspondence .	This allows to reformulate the RYG dimer model as a Schur process , i.e.as a random sequence of integer partitions subject to some interlacing conditions .
It is inferred that their dust mass declines with time as the dust-producing planetesimals get depleted , and that this decline can be punctuated by large spikes that are produced as a result of individual collisional events .	The lack of solid state features indicate that , generally , the dust in these disks have sizes larger than approximately 10 microns , but exceptionally , strong silicate features in some disks suggest the presence of large quantities of small grains , thought to be the result of recent collisions .
We perform a microwave read out of the charge states of this system which allows us to unveil features of the out of equilibrium charge dynamics , otherwise invisible in the DC current .	We extract relaxation rate , dephasing rate and photon number of the hybrid system using a theory based on a master equation technique .
The model works as a detector for potential fluctuations being not too fast and not too slow .	This effect occurs due to the different time scales in the problem .
We study the de Haas-van Alphen ( dHvA ) oscillation in two-dimensional and quasi-two-dimensional systems .	We give a general formula of the dHvA oscillation in two-dimensional multi-band systems .
We derive an effective non-linear sigma model for quantum hall systems with arbitrary polarizations , by employing the recently proposed doublet model .	We study the topological excitations , in particular , the skyrmions , as a function of the filling fraction as well as the polarization .
On the positive side .	the criterion may be useful in rejecting models which are based on stochastic classical fields .
In particular , this paper defines a time-inhomogeneous , discrete-time Markov chain governed by a continuous evolution in the appropriate martrix space .	This matrix space , $ \mathcal { P } _ { n } ^ { ia } $ , is the space of all stochastic matrices that are irreducible and aperiodic .
Numerical simulations of realistic experimental geometries indicate that the creation of Majorana zero-modes , which can be achieved by tuning of electronic gates or the external magnetic field , results in a measurable cooling effect .	We also argue that this cooling effect results in an increase in the zero bias peak conductance .
We find that the recombination energy helps to expel the common envelope entirely , while if recombination energy is not taken into account , a significant fraction of the common envelope remains bound .	We apply our numerical methods to constrain the progenitor system for WD 1101+364 -- a double WD binary that has well-measured mass ratio of $ q=0.87\pm0.03 $ and an orbital period of 0.145 days .
Delone and Faddeev , in 1940 , showed that cubic rings are parametrized by equivalence classes of integral binary cubic forms .	Birch , Merriman , Nakagawa , Corso , Dvornicich , and Simon have all studied rings associated to binary forms of degree n for any n , but it has not previously been known which rings , and with what additional structure , are associated to binary forms .
We study Milky Way kinematics using a sample of 18.8 million main-sequence stars with r & lt ; 20 and proper-motion measurements derived from SDSS and POSS astrometry , including ~170,000 stars with radial-velocity measurements from the SDSS spectroscopic survey .	Distances to stars are determined using a photometric parallax relation , covering a distance range from ~100 pc to 10 kpc over a quarter of the sky at high Galactic latitudes ( |b| & gt ; 20 degrees ) .
The first one is analogous to the $ \theta $ -stability defined for quiver representations by King and for $ G $ -constellations by Craw and Ishii , but depending on infinitely many parameters .	The second one comes from Geometric Invariant Theory in the construction of a moduli space for $ ( G , h ) $ -constellations , and depends on some finite subset $ D $ of the isomorphy classes of irreducible representations of $ G $ .
We observe that the minimal volume is not an invariant of the smooth structures , yet the Yamabe invariant does discern the standard smooth structure from all the others .	We also observe that the fundamental group places no restriction on the vanishing of the minimal volume and collapse with bounded sectional curvature for high-dimensional manifolds .
Galaxy mergers produce binaries of supermassive black holes , which emit gravitational waves prior to their coalescence .	We perform three-dimensional hydrodynamic simulations to study the tidal disruption of stars by such a binary in the final centuries of its life .
Our method is based on the density functional theory ( DFT ) as implemented in the well tested Siesta approach ( which uses non-local norm-conserving pseudopotentials to describe the effect of the core electrons , and linear combination of finite-range numerical atomic orbitals to describe the valence states ) .	We fully deal with the atomistic structure of the whole system , treating both the contact and the electrodes on the same footing .
The breaking of this symmetry at the GUT scale produces global texture , providing a mechanism for structure formation in the universe , and sets strong constraints on the low energy fermion mass matrix .	With the addition of a $ { \bf 45 } $ Higgs and certain assumptions about the relative strength of Higgs couplings , the simplest $ SU ( 5 ) $ theory yields an eight parameter form for the fermion mass matrices , which we show is consistent with the thirteen observable masses and mixing angles .
In the present note we continue our thorough study of the original `` Einstein-Rosen bridge '' as a simplest example of a lightlike thin-shell wormhole by explicitly deriving its description in terms of the Kruskal-Penrose formalism for maximal analytic extension of the underlying wormhole spacetime manifold .	Further , we generalize the Kruskal-Penrose description to the case of more complicated lightlike thin-shell wormholes with two throats exhibiting a remarkable property of QCD-like charge confinement .
It has recently been pointed out that phases of matter with intrinsic topological order , like the fractional quantum Hall states , have an extra dynamical degree of freedom that corresponds to quantum geometry .	Here we perform extensive numerical studies of the geometric degree of freedom for the simplest example of fractional quantum Hall states -- the filling $ \nu=1/3 $ Laughlin state .
The mean field solution consists of a lattice of vortices each carrying a single quantum of statistical magnetic flux .	We speculate on the effects of the quantum corrections to this mean field solution .
The electronic subsystem of the Kondo lattice model is described by a combined equation of motion / coherent potential approximation method .	Doing this we can calculate the free energy of the system and its minimum according to the magnetization of the local moments .
This work addresses the integration of reflectarray antennas ( RA ) on thin film Solar Cell ( SC ) panels , as a mean to save real estate , weight , or cost in platforms such as satellites or transportable autonomous antenna systems .	Our goal is to design a good RA unit cell in terms of phase response and bandwidth , while simultaneously achieving high optical transparency and low microwave loss , to preserve good SC and RA energy efficiencies , respectively .
Our analysis indicates that transits by planet `` c '' ( P ~ 30 d ) do not currently occur , in concordance with the best-fit i = 50 degree co-planar configuration obtained by dynamical fits to the most recent radial velocity data for the system .	Transits by planet `` b '' ( P ~ 60 d ) are not entirely ruled out by our observations , but our data indicate that it is very unlikely that they occur .
We analyze in detail the relevant genus expansions , and introduce a strategy to single out the wrapping contributions , based on adding spectator fields .	We use a toy model to demonstrate our procedure , performing all computations explicitly .
The strain-driven roll-up procedure paved the way for novel classes of metamaterials such as single semiconductor radial micro- and nano-crystals and multi-layer spiral micro- and nano-superlattices .	The acoustic phonon dispersion is determined by solving the equations of elastodynamics for InAs and GaAs material systems .
Does lane-changing increase or decrease the motor flux per lane ?	We address this fundamental question here by appropriately extending a recent model [ { \it Phys.Rev .
We identify , in particular , models with unification near the Planck scale , with intermediate left-right or SU ( 4 ) quark-lepton symmetries that are relevant for flavor physics , with new colored particles at accessible energies , and with an enlarged electroweak Higgs sector .	We look both at supersymmetric and non-supersymmetric scenarios .
A typical stellar mass black hole with a lighter companion is shown to succumb to a chaotic precession of the orbital plane .	As a result , the optimal candidates for the direct detection of gravitational waves by Earth based interferometers can show irregular modulation of the waveform during the last orbits before plunge .
Optical integrated spectra of bulges have been obtained for 28 spiral galaxies .	By applying an appropriate aperture size for each galaxy , the unavoidable contamination of disk starlight has been carefully minimized and set to $ \sim $ 1/7 of the total stellar light .
Model predictions will be more robust as more observational constraints are used .	We present chemical evolution models for the dwarf irregular galaxy NGC 6822 using chemical abundances of old and young Planetary Nebulae ( PNe ) and \ion { H } { ii } regions as observational constraints .
Such arrangements allow the fast , low power readout of larger arrays with the possibility of random access to selected pixels .	In this paper , different readout concepts are discussed as they are required for arrays with incomplete or complete clear and for readout at the source or the drain .
However , with the trend towards large-scale IT systems , a new challenge has emerged .	The complexity of IT systems is becoming an obstacle that hampers the manageability , operability , and maintainability of modern computing infrastructures .
The data are in good agreement with the predictions of perturbative QCD and are used to constrain new physics models including quark compositeness , large extra dimensions , and TeV-1 scale extra dimensions .	For all models we set the most stringent direct limits to date .
Despite the attractive benefits of integrating different wireless platforms , mobile users are confronted with the issue of detrimental handover .	As a mobile node ( MN ) moves within a heterogeneous environment , satisfactory quality of service ( QoS ) is desired by ensuring efficient vertical handover .
This calls for designing an appropriate rebate function .	When the objects are identical , this problem has been solved which we refer as WCO mechanism .
This spectral detuning dependence of laser threshold indicates substantial contribution of the single quantum dot to the total gain .	Moreover , photon correlation measurements show a distinct transition from anti-bunching to Poissonian via bunching with the increase of the excitation power , which is also an evidence of laser oscillation with the single quantum dot .
$ \tau_N $ is interpreted there as an instance of the stream of consciousness .	We analyze the dependence of $ \tau_N $ upon $ N $ and the initial conditions , etc .
In d=2 , it is given by a marginal Gaussian distribution intermediate between Gaussian and Levy laws .	In d=1 , it is exactly given by the Bernouilli distribution ( for any particle number N ) which becomes Gaussian for N & gt ; & gt ; 1 .
We prove a quenched large deviations principle with explicit characterization of the action functional .	The random medium is assumed to be stationary and ergodic .
Two series of numerical simulations with model B are performed , with the FVFPs grown in the experiment , and with Diffusion Limited Aggregates , as the initial conditions .	We observed Lifshitz-Slyozov scaling $ t^ { 1/3 } $ at intermediate distances and very slow convergence to this scaling at small distances .
We show that a second order phase transition occurs at `` alpha = e = 2.718 ... '' : below the transition , the core is small but above the transition , it occupies a finite fraction of the initial graph .	The finite size scaling properties are then studied numerically in detail in the critical region , and we propose a consistent set of critical exponents , which does not coincide with the set of standard percolation exponents for this model .
We use graphene on the SiC ( 000-1 ) ( 2x2 ) _C reconstruction as a model system .	The SiC substrate reconstruction is based on silicon adatoms .
Here we adapt techniques from compressive sensing to exponentially reduce the experimental configurations required for quantum process tomography .	Our method is applicable to dynamical processes that are known to be nearly-sparse in a certain basis and it can be implemented using only single-body preparations and measurements .
NIDs are graphical structures in which agents mental models are represented as nodes in a network ; a mental model for an agent may itself use descriptions of the mental models of other agents .	NIDs are demonstrated by examples , showing how they can be used to describe conflicting and cyclic belief structures , and certain forms of bounded rationality .
We study in this work the radiative and purely leptonic transitions of the light charged leptons .	In so doing we make a systematic analysis of the flavor structure by providing a convenient parametrization of the mass matrices in terms of independent physical parameters and diagonalizing them explicitly .
Using the idea of seiferters we construct a counterexample to this conjecture .	In the process of construction , we also derive an obstruction for a small Seifert fibred space to be obtainable by a surgery with a seiferter .
Here , $ \bm { k } _ { \rm F } $ denotes the position on a Fermi surface .	Numerical calculations are conducted for a line-node s-wave and a d-wave pair potential with the same anisotropy of their amplitudes , but with a sign change only for a d-wave one .
We first examine a number of different parametric and nonparametric estimators ( some known and some new ) , including the `` plug-in '' method , several versions of Lempel-Ziv-based compression algorithms , a maximum likelihood estimator tailored to renewal processes , and the natural estimator derived from the Context-Tree Weighting method ( CTW ) .	The theoretical properties of these estimators are examined , several new theoretical results are developed , and all estimators are systematically applied to various types of synthetic data and under different conditions .
Numerical computations yield results in agreement with the experimental observations .	We suggest that second sound cascades of this kind may be useful for model studies of acoustic turbulence .
The angular momentum is seen to split naturally into two parts .	The spin contribution of each plane-wave constituent of the pulse , representing the difference between its right- and left-circular polarization content , is aligned with the corresponding k-vector .
Above this pressure value , a decrease in a is observed .	The c lattice parameter decreases slowly up to 1 kbar , then decreases sharply up to 20 kbar .
We estimate the rest-frame FUV luminosity function ( LF ) and luminosity density ( LD ) , extract the dust attenuation of the FUV radiation using SED fitting , and derive the dust-corrected SFRD .	We find a constant and flat faint-end slope alpha in the FUV LF at z & lt ; 1.7 .
The first collapsing mini-halo is assumed to enrich the central nuclear star cluster ( NSC ) of the other to a critical metallicity , sufficient for Population II ( Pop .	II ) star formation at redshift $ z\approx27 $ .
Its main challenges lie in the large variations in human poses and appearances , as well as the lack of temporal motion information .	Addressing these problems , we propose to develop an expressive deep model to naturally integrate human layout and surrounding contexts for higher level action understanding from still images .
We found densities ranging from 1x10^3 to 3x10^4 atoms cm^-3 and a total mass of the ionized gas of ~0.058 Msun within the inner ring .	Abundances inferred from the optical and near-infrared data were also complemented with estimates of Lundqvist & amp ; Fransson ( 1996 ) based on ultraviolet lines .
The global ground states are constructed in terms of a 1-parametric vertex state model , which is a direct generalization of the well-known matrix product ground state approach .	By using recursion relations and the transfer matrix technique we derive exact analytical expressions for local fluctuations and longitudinal and transversal two-point correlation functions .
At low temperature , when the overlap of the LAM becomes large , the defects form a periodic structure , which extends over almost all the chains .	In that regime , the density of bond-defects decreases linearly with T .
The source was initially detectable only in the 40 -- 100 keV range , but after two days was also detected in the 15-40 keV range .	Its flux had by then increased to 40 mCrab and 25 mCrab in the 15-40 keV and 40-100 keV bands respectively .
Those reduce the gauge symmetry of the matrix model from U ( N ) to O ( N ) .	We also explain why these models contain open membranes .
We present an novel approach , applying our method to the same data .	We identify Compton scattering candidates by carefully filtering events in energy , time , and scattering geometry .
The chemical analysis indicated that it was due to an off-stoichiometric phenomenon in the formed single crystals .	We used an effective and simple way to resolve this problem by adjusting the nominal compositions of the polycrystal feed rods to be 1 -- $ 2\ % $ rare-earth excess .
We have grown epitaxial thin films with 0 & lt ; =x & lt ; =0.9 on MgO ( 001 ) substrates with excellent structural properties both in pure Ar atmosphere and an Ar/O2 mixture by laser molecular beam epitaxy .	We find that the electrical conductivity and the saturation magnetization can be tuned over a wide range during growth .
For $ d\geq 1 $ and $ \alpha \in ( 0 , 2 ) $ , consider the family of pseudo differential operators $ \ { \Delta+ b \Delta^ { \alpha/2 } ; b\in [ 0 , 1 ] \ } $ on $ \R^d $ that evolves continuously from $ \Delta $ to $ \Delta + \Delta^ { \alpha/2 } $ .	In this paper , we establish a uniform boundary Harnack principle ( BHP ) with explicit boundary decay rate for nonnegative functions which are harmonic with respect to $ \Delta +b \Delta^ { \alpha/2 } $ ( or equivalently , the sum of a Brownian motion and an independent symmetric $ \alpha $ -stable process with constant multiple $ b^ { 1/\alpha } $ ) in $ C^ { 1 , 1 } $ open sets .
Within this framework , we investigate the role of receptor cooperativity in improving the cell 's ability to detect changes .	We find that cooperativity decreases the probability of missing an occurred change .
The channel matrices between the legitimate transmitter and the receivers are available everywhere , while the legitimate pair have no information about the eavesdroppers ' channels .	We provide the exact sum SDoF for the considered system .
The effects of high-temperature vacuum-annealing induced Mg deficiency in MgB2 single crystals grown under high pressure were investigated .	As the annealing temperature was increased from 800 to 975 C , the average Mg content in the MgB2 crystals systematically decreased , while Tc remains essentially unchanged and the superconducting transition slightly broadens from 0.55 K to 1.3 K. The reduction of the superconducting volume fraction was noticeable already after annealing at 875 C. Samples annealed at 975 C are partially decomposed and the Mg site occupancy is decreased to 0.92 from 0.98 in as-grown crystals .
We discuss the dependence of the timing properties on spectral shape and photon energy , and study correlations between Fourier-frequency dependent coherence and time lags with features in the power spectra .	Our main results are : ( a ) The fractional rms in the 0.125-256 Hz range in different spectral states shows complex behavior that depends on the energy range considered .
A frequency domain ( i.e.difference of frequencies ) method is proposed for measuring the EDM of electrons or protons or , with modifications , deuterons .	Anticipated precision ( i.e.reproducibility ) is $ 10^ { -30 } \ , $ e-cm for the proton EDM , with comparable accuracy ( i.e.including systematic error ) .
The VMC $ K_\mathrm { s } $ -band light curves for ACs are well sampled , with the number of epochs ranging from 8 to 16 , and allowing us to obtain very precise mean $ K_\mathrm { s } $ magnitudes with errors on average of the order of 0.01 mag .	The $ \langle K_\mathrm { s } \rangle $ values were used to build the first Period-Luminosity and Period-Wesenheit relations in the near-infrared for fundamental-mode and first overtone ACs .
Matrices of effective Hamiltonians are quite small in comparison to the initial cutoff but nevertheless yield accurate eigenvalues thanks to the fact that just eight of their highest-energy matrix elements are proper functions of the small effective cutoff .	We explain how these cutoff-dependent matrix elements emerge from the structure of the Hamiltonian and the renormalization group recursion , and we show that such small number of cutoff-dependent terms is sufficient to renormalize any band-diagonal Hamiltonian .
We reconsider calibration of statistical distance scales for planetary nebulae , examining precision and systematic error for various distance methods used as well as the scales themselves .	A different calibration strategy , one based on precise trigonometric parallaxes by Harris et al .
This includes all possible terms that could arise from a process of spontaneous Lorentz violation in the context of a more fundamental theory , as well as terms that explicitly break Lorentz symmetry .	An overview of the SME is presented , including its motivations and construction .
The sensitivity of the nuebar flux to the product \mu B_\perp is strongest in the case of the vacuum oscillation ( VO ) solution of the solar neutrino problem ; in the case of the LOW solution , it is weaker , and it is the weakest for the LMA solution .	For different solutions , different characteristics of the solar magnetic field B_\perp ( r ) are probed : for the VO solution , the nuebar flux is determined by the integral of B_\perp ( r ) over the solar convective zone , for LMA it is determined by the magnitude of B_\perp in the neutrino production region , and for LOW it depends on the competition between this magnitude and the derivative of B_\perp ( r ) at the surface of the sun .
The family of curves used in this construction forms a linear system on a K3 surface with involution .	The structure morphism of both Prymians to the base of the family is a Lagrangian fibration in abelian surfaces with polarization of type ( 1,2 ) .
In this note we prove the geometrical origin of pairings of abelian schemes .	According to Deligne 's philosophy of motives , this means that these pairings are motivic .
The hot white dwarf dominates the UV flux of the system .	However ; it is in turn dominated by the K0 V component beyond 3000 { \AA } .
We start from free space NN-interactions and derive in-medium self-energies by Dirac-Brueckner theory .	By the DDRH procedure we derive in a self-consistent approach density- dependent meson-baryon vertices .
We therefore introduce a modified scheme , using two spatially separated pump-probe beam pairs .	Finally we compare our results to methods using phase modulation and heterodyne detection .
The function $ \chi^ { mag } ( T ) $ is a power series of 1/T and the lowest order term is fixed as $ C/T $ , where $ C $ is the Curie constant as determined by the experimental $ g $ -value ( g=1.96 ) .	Fitting parameters are $ \alpha $ , $ c $ and expansion coefficients except for the first one in $ \chi^ { mag } ( T ) $ .
Still , they are objects that hold crucial information for probing the chemical evolution of these regions of the Milky Way .	We aim at increasing the number of old open clusters in the inner disc for which high-resolution metal abundances are available .
Simulations have been carried out for a wide range of stiffness of equations of state and compactness of neutron stars , paying particular attention to the final products and gravitational waves .	We take a fixed uniform grid in Cartesian coordinates with typical grid size $ ( 293,293,147 ) $ in $ ( x , y , z ) $ assuming a plane symmetry with respect to the equatorial plane .
Here , we give the microscopic derivation .	The solution reveals a new mechanism of confinement in QCD ( adj ) in the regime where we have control over both perturbative and nonperturbative aspects .
The spin sector is described by a frustrated antiferromagnetic Heisenberg model that naturally explains the net moment arising from canting and also the observed non-monotonic magnetization $ M ( T ) $ .	We predict characteristic magnetic structure factor peaks that can be probed by neutron experiments .
The observed correlation validates the continuum-fitting method of measuring spin .	In addition , for those black holes that have well-sampled radio observations of ballistic jets , the correlation may be used to obtain rough estimates of their spins .
We study the wave equation for a massive scalar in three-dimensional AdS-black hole spacetimes to understand the unitarity issues in a semiclassical way .	Here we introduce four interesting spacetimes : the non-rotating BTZ black hole ( NBTZ ) , pure AdS spacetime ( PADS ) , massless BTZ black hole ( MBTZ ) , and extremal BTZ black hole ( EBTZ ) .
We find that arrays with alternating phase of filaments are more stable than similar arrays with all beams in phase .	Additionally , we show that increasing the size of an array increases its stability , and that a proper choice of the beam separation and the initial power has to be made in order to obtain a dense and regular array of filaments .
Diamond has turned out to be an attractive material for integrated quantum information processing due to the extraordinary properties of its colour centres enabling e.g.bright single photon emission and spin quantum bits .	To control emitted photons and to interconnect distant quantum bits , micro-cavities directly fabricated in the diamond material are desired .
White-light studies employing the historical Mount Wilson ( MW ) database have yielded tilt angles that are smaller and that increase less steeply with latitude than those obtained from magnetic data .	We confirm this effect by comparing sunspot-group tilt angles from the Debrecen Photoheliographic Database with measurements made by Li and Ulrich using MW magnetograms taken during cycles 21 -- 23 .
We integrate for the first time the hydrodynamic Hall-Vinen-Bekarevich-Khalatnikov equations of motion of a $ ^ { 1 } S_ { 0 } $ -paired neutron superfluid in a rotating spherical shell , using a pseudospectral collocation algorithm coupled with a time-split fractional scheme .	Numerical instabilities are smoothed by spectral filtering .
We show that for the $ Z^ { \prime } $ model the region of parameter space which explain the Tevatron asymmetry can be probed in the same sign top production channel by Tevatron itself .	Moreover , we consider a recently proposed observable , the one sided forward-backward asymmetry ( $ A_ { OFB } $ ) at the LHC and conclude that both the W $ ^ { \prime } $ and Z $ ^ { \prime } $ models can lead to sizable $ A_ { OFB } $ even at the LHC running at a center of mass energy of 7 TeV for the model parameters consistent with the Tevatron measurements .
However , the mathematical possibility of non-Euclidean geometries was recognized by Gauss more than a century earlier , and during the nineteenth century mathematicians developed the pioneering ideas of Gauss , Lobachevsky , Bolyai and Riemann into an elaborate branch of generalized geometry .	Did the unimaginative physicists and astronomers ignore the new geometries ?
By coupling the dilaton to the non-Abelian gauge field , i.e. , $ -\frac14 e^ { -\beta \Phi } F^a_ { \mu\nu } F^ { a\mu\nu } $ , we find that the dissipative conductivity of the normal phase decreases and approaches zero at the zero frequency as $ \beta $ increases .	Intuitively , the system behaves more and more like an insulator .
1 ) The longitudinal resistivity depends linearly on the magnetization component perpendicular to a film .	2 ) A current parallel to the magnetization can generate an electric field in the vertical direction of a film .
In the large N limit the effective dynamics is described by two-degree-of-freedom classical Hamiltonian systems .	In the classical model we observe chaotic orbits for any value of the external field , while in the quantum case chaos is strongly suppressed .
We construct a canonical formulation of general relativity for the case of a timelike foliation of spacetime .	The formulation possesses explicit covariance with respect to Lorentz transformations in the tangent space .
The results of our dynamical analysis show that the brane bends around the black hole , suggesting that the black hole eventually escapes into the extra dimensions once two portions of the brane come in contact and reconnect .	This gives a dynamical mechanism for the creation of baby branes .
The required system implements the suitable informatics and electronics solutions efficiently for the Tele-medicine care .	We proposed an approach to manage different multimedia medical databases in the telemedicine system .
This task is typically addressed by quantum process tomography ( QPT ) .	Here we present an alternative `` direct characterization of quantum dynamics '' ( DCQD ) algorithm .
Our results for $ v_3 $ are in a good agreement with the CMS data collected at the Large Hadron Collider .	The $ v_2 $ coefficient is very well described in p+Pb collisions and is underestimated for higher transverse momenta in Pb+Pb interactions .
This work quantitatively explains the recently observed suppression of chemical reactions between two rotational states of fermionic KRb molecules confined in one-dimensional tubes with a weak lattice along the tubes [ Yan et al. , Nature 501 , 521-525 ( 2013 ) ] .	New loss rate measurements performed for different lattice parameters but under controlled initial conditions allow us to show that the loss suppression is a consequence of the combined effects of lattice confinement and the continuous quantum Zeno effect .
It is important to maintain the image quality even if it is compressed to certain extent .	Depend upon this the image compression is classified into two categories : lossy and lossless image compression .
Slithering , crawling , slipping , gliding are various modes of limbless locomotion that have been mimicked for micro-manipulation of soft , slender and sessile objects .	A lesser known mode is rolling which involves periodic , asymmetric and lateral muscular deformations .
The osmotic coefficient of solutions of rod-like polyelectrolytes is considered by comparing current theoretical treatments and simulations to recent experimental data .	The discussion is restricted to the case of monovalent counterions and dilute , salt-free solutions .
In particular we have computed the dynamical critical exponent $ z $ in a wide range of temperatures , $ 0.35 \le T \le 0.9 $ , obtaining a dependence $ z ( T ) =6.2/T $ in a very good agreement with recent experiments .	Moreover , we report a study of the violation of the fluctuation-dissipation theorem for very low temperatures $ T=0.5 $ and $ T=0.35 $ .
The generalized index exactly quantifies the resources necessary for targeted attacks to be undetectable and unidentifiable in the presence of disturbances .	This information is useful for both risk assessment and for the design of anomaly detectors .
We show that tree amplitudes and box coefficients are succinctly generated by integration of holomorphic delta-functions in momentum twistors over cycles in a Grassmannian .	This is analogous to , although distinct from , recent results obtained by Arkani-Hamed et al .
The detection of primordial gravitational waves is one of the biggest challenges of the present time .	The existing ( Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ) observations are helpful on the road to this goal , and the forthcoming experiments ( Planck ) are likely to complete this mission .
Using Monte Carlo simulation techniques , we measure the decay of the remanent magnetization .	Its temperature dependence can be understood as thermal activation .
We interpret our isotopic fractions by the nucleosynthesis predictions of the stellar model , which reproduces s-process nucleosynthesis from the physical conditions expected in low-mass , thermally-pulsing stars on the AGB , and the classical method , which approximates s-process nucleosynthesis by a steady neutron flux impinging upon Fe-peak seed nuclei .	Our Eu isotopic fraction in HD 175305 is consistent with an r-process origin by the classical method and is consistent with either an r- or an s-process origin by the stellar model .
This inconsistency presents itself not only with the typical chameleon set-up discussed in the literature ( where the mass scale of the potential is fine-tuned to the meV ) , but also if we remove the fine-tuning on the scale of the potential .	Secondly , we point out that , in a model recently considered in the literature ( we call this model `` Modified Fujii 's Model '' ) , a conceivable interpretation of the solar oscillations is given by quantum vacuum fluctuations of a chameleon .
We verify that such late-time creation indeed occurs if only a single chiral superfield is relevant , using the description of the helicity 1/2 gravitino provided recently by Kallosh et.al .	( hep-th/9907124 ) and Giudice et.al .
We find profiles which are multi-peaked , where the peaks are separated either by vacuum or a thin atmosphere , and we find that for a sufficiently large charge parameter there are no physically meaningful solutions .	Furthermore , we investigate if the inequality \sqrt { M } \leq \frac { \sqrt { R } } { 3 } +\sqrt { \frac { R } { 9 } +\frac { Q^2 } { 3R } } , derived in \cite { An2 } , is sharp within the class of solutions to the Einstein-Vlasov-Maxwell system .
Text segmentation is an inherent part of an OCR system irrespective of the domain of application of it .	The OCR system contains a segmentation module where the text lines , words and ultimately the characters must be segmented properly for its successful recognition .
It is found that a graphene ribbon of finite width leads to the occurrence of coupled edge mode .	The single-mode region of a single freestanding graphene ribbon is identified at a fixed frequency of 30 THz .
Cross-section ratios are presented in the kinematic region 0.0001 & lt ; XBj & lt ; 0.56 and 0.1 & lt ; Q**2 & lt ; 80 GeVc .	The data are consistent with no significant nu or Q**2 dependence at fixed XBj .
Unwanted interaction between a quantum system and its fluctuating environment leads to decoherence and is the primary obstacle to establishing a scalable quantum information processing architecture .	Strategies such as environmental and materials engineering , quantum error correction and dynamical decoupling can mitigate decoherence , but generally increase experimental complexity .
By measuring the bulk density diffusion constant $ D $ , the conductivity $ \sigma $ , the intensity of density fluctuations $ \chi $ , we confirm that the Einstein relation $ D\chi=\sigma T $ , which is valid in the linear response regime about equilibrium , does not hold in such steady states .	Here , $ T $ is the environment temperature , and the Boltzmann constant is set to unity .
We present Australia Telescope Compact Array radio data of the dwarf irregular galaxy ESO 324-G024 which is seen in projection against the giant , northern lobe of the radio galaxy Centaurus A ( Cen A , NGC 5128 ) .	The distorted morphology and kinematics of ESO 324-G024 , as observed in the 21 cm spectral line emission of neutral hydrogen , indicate disruptions by external forces .
This field addresses the problem of ranking features according to their importance for the task of identifying a particular entity .	Next to a more human friendly presentation , these summarizations can play a central role for semantic search engines and semantic recommender systems .
We prove that quantum mechanically the path-integral in this gauge localizes on associative submanifolds .	Moreover on $ M\times S^1 $ the theory naturally reduces to the standard A-model on Calabi-Yau manifold and to a membrane theory localized on special Lagrangian submanifolds .
Recent experiments showed that at temperatures below 20 mK various glasses exhibit memory for a previously applied electric bias field .	A first sweep of an electric bias field may prepare resonant pairs of tunneling systems , which are temporarily formed during the sweep , in metastable states .
Applying the well-known Casimir-Polder effect to a special configuration ( a combined structure of an atomic nanostring and a conducting plate ) , an atomic pendulum ( Casimir atomic pendulum ) is designed .	Using practically acceptable data corresponding to the already known world of nanotechnology and based on reasonable/reliable numerical estimates , the period of oscillation for the pendulum is computed .
An operating system supports a high level interface to the resources used by an application execution .	A Task System and Item Architecture ( TSIA ) provides an application with a transparent reliable , distributed , heterogeneous , adaptive , dynamic , real-time , interactive , parallel , secure or other execution .
We consider general logarithmic minimal models $ { \cal LM } ( p , p ' ) $ , with $ p , p ' $ coprime , on a strip of $ N $ columns with the $ ( r , s ) $ Robin boundary conditions introduced by Pearce , Rasmussen and Tipunin .	The associated conformal boundary conditions are labelled by the Kac labels $ r\in { \Bbb Z } $ and $ s\in { \Bbb N } $ .
In this work , we investigate the effect of disorder on the topological properties of multichannel superconductor nanowires .	While the standard expectation is that the spectral gap is closed and opened at transitions changing the topological property of the ground state , we show that the closing and opening of a \textit { transport } gap can also cause topological transitions , even in the presence of ( localized ) states at both sides of the transition .
We compare our Mdot_a-rho_o relation with that predicted by the Bondi accretion model .	For high luminosities comparable to the Eddington limit , the power-law fit ( Mdot_a ~ rho_o^q ) to our models yields q=~0.5 instead of q=1.0 which is predicted by the Bondi model .
It has observed more than 250 GRBs so far .	It is currently localizing 25 - 30 GRBs per year , and has localized 43 GRBs to date .
A Gelfand model for a semisimple algebra A over C is a complex linear representation that contains each irreducible representation of A with multiplicity exactly one .	We give a method of constructing these models that works uniformly for a large class of semisimple , combinatorial diagram algebras including : the partition , Brauer , rook monoid , rook-Brauer , Temperley-Lieb , Motzkin , and planar rook monoid algebras .
Namely , the defect is the variance of the function f which appears as the conformal factor expressing the metric on the torus as f^2 ( x , y ) ( dx^2+dy^2 ) , in terms of the flat unit-area metric in its conformal class .	A key tool turns out to be the computational formula for probabilistic variance , which is a kind of a sharpened version of the Cauchy-Schwartz inequality .
We consider the family of entire transcendental maps given by $ F_ { \lambda , m } = \lambda z^m exp ( z ) $ where m & gt ; =2 .	All functions $ F_ { \lambda , m } $ have a superattracting fixed point at z=0 , and a critical point at z=-m .
The density of an atom in a state of well-defined angular momentum has a specific finite spherical harmonic content , without and with interactions .	Approximate single-particle schemes , such as the Hartree , Hartree-Fock , and Local Density Approximations , generally violate this feature .
Each simulation has the same initial density field , but models a different set of physical processes .	The first simulation evolves the density field using gravity alone , the second includes non-radiative gasdynamics , and the third includes radiative heating and cooling of baryons , star formation , and supernova feedback .
Gravity amplified small density fluctuations generated shortly after the Big Bang , leading to the formation of galaxies in the cosmic web .	These calculations have led to a growing demand for methods to analyze time-dependent particle based simulations .
A well know result , due to Kari , says that all nontrivial properties of limit sets are undecidable .	In this paper we consider properties of limit set dynamics , i.e.properties of the dynamics of Cellular Automata restricted to their limit sets .
The maximum Lorentz factor of the electrons crossed the electromagnetic wave is proportional to the work done by the electromagnetic field and is independent of the initial momenta .	The momentum component parallel to the electric field strength vector of the electromagnetic wave is determined only by the diameter of the laser beam measured in the units of the classical electron radius .
In the present work , we study morphologies arising due to competing substrate interaction , electric field and confinement effects on a symmetric diblock copolymer .	We employ a coarse grained non-local Cahn-Hilliard phenomenological model taking into account the appropriate contributions of substrate interaction and electrostatic field .
A class of gauges ( v-gauge ) is described in which the scalar potential propagates at an arbitrary speed v relative to the speed of light .	The Lorenz and Coulomb gauges are special cases of the v-gauge .
These developments make use of results obtained by many authors in the second half of the twentieth century , notably Arnold , Duistermaat and Eliasson , of which we also give a concise survey .	As a motivation , we present a collection of remarkable results proven in the early and mid 1980s in the theory of Hamiltonian Lie group actions by Atiyah , Guillemin-Sternberg and Delzant among others , and which inspired many people , including the authors , to work on more general Hamiltonian systems .
In this work we study the statistical and thermodynamic properties of the horizon fluid corresponding to the Boulware-Deser ( BD ) black hole of Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet ( EGB ) gravity .	Using mean field theory , we show explicitly that the BD fluid exhibits the coexistence of two phases , a BEC and a non-condensed phase corresponding to the Einstein term and the Gauss-Bonnet term in the gravity action , respectively .
For example , when a two component Fermi mixture is quenched to the BEC side of the Feshbach resonance , a positive scattering length suggests that interactions are repulsive and thus collective dynamics should be dominated by the Stoner instability toward a spin polarized ferromagnetic state .	On the other hand , existence of low energy two particle bound states suggests a competing instability driven by molecule formation .
Here , we describe a principled method for understanding food web structure that combines an efficient optimization algorithm from statistical physics called parallel tempering with a probabilistic generalization of the empirically well-supported food web niche model .	This generative model approach allows us to rigorously estimate the degree to which interactions that involve parasites are statistically distinguishable from interactions among free-living species , whether parasite niches behave similarly to free-living niches , and the degree to which existing hypotheses about food web structure are naturally recovered .
In this paper we derive a `` third-order '' generalization of the FKG inequality .	We also establish fourth- and fifth-order generalizations of the FKG inequality and formulate a conjecture for a general mth-order generalization .
We have carried out continuum and line polarisation observations of two Proto-planetary nebulae ( PPNe ) , CRL 618 and OH 231.8+4.2 , using the Submillimeter Array ( SMA ) in its compact configuration .	The frequency range of observations , 330-345 GHz , includes the CO ( J=3-2 ) line emission .
In practice , however , these methods often have prohibitively long computation times or large memory requirements .	Furthermore , since they are based on minimizing a global objective function , regularized iterative methods need to reconstruct the entire scanned object , even when one is only interested in a ( small ) region of the reconstructed image .
This implies that estimates of quantities like the Hubble constant are not expected to be significantly biased by environmental effects .	One puzzle is that predicted values for the external shear at lens galaxies are far below the values obtained by modeling of strong lensing data .
We present an experimental and theoretical study of the chaotic ionization of quasi-one-dimensional potassium Rydberg wavepackets via a phase-space turnstile mechanism .	Turnstiles form a general transport mechanism for numerous chaotic systems , and this study explicitly illuminates their relevance to atomic ionization .
The boundary is partitioned into two parts with Dirichlet boundary condition on one of them , and Neumann condition on the other .	We assume that the potential part of this operator is non-negative .
This ring of invariants was first studied by David Richman \cite { richman } who showed that this ring required a generator of degree $ m ( p-1 ) $ , thus demonstrating that the result of Noether in characteristic 0 ( that the ring of invariants of a finite group is always generated in degrees less than or equal to the order of the group ) does not extend to the modular case .	He also conjectured that a certain set of invariants was a generating set with a proof in the case $ p=2 $ .
We have measured the excited state lifetimes in Josephson junction phase and transmon qubits , all of which were fabricated with the same scalable multi-layer process .	We have compared the lifetimes of phase qubits before and after removal of the isolating dielectric , SiNx , and find a four-fold improvement of the relaxation time after the removal .
These brackets are understood furnishing the module of sections with an $ L_ { \infty } $ -algebra , which we refer to as a homotopy Kirillov algebra .	We are then to higher Kirillov algebroids as higher generalisations of Jacobi algebroids .
We study the molecular content and the star formation efficiency of 21 Blue Compact Dwarfs ( BCDs ) .	We present CO ( 1-0 ) and ( 2-1 ) observations , further supplemented with additional CO measurements and multiwavelength ancillary data from the literature .
It is shown that the Schr\ '' { o } dinger operator on the half-line , governing the $ S^ { 2 } $ , $ H^ { 2 } $ or $ \mathbb { R } ^ { 2 } $ invariant mode around the hairy black hole , allows for non-trivial self-adjoint extensions and each of them correspons to a class of mixed boundary conditions in the gravitational theory .	Discarding the self-adjoint extensions with a negative mode impose a restriction on these boundary conditions .
Our data also suggests that the CO cloud population has little or no extended CO envelope on scales & lt ; 30 pc , further evidence that the weak CO component in the north SMC is being disassociated by penetrating UV radiation .	The new high-resolution data provide evidence for a variable correlation of the CO integrated brightness with integrated HI and um emission ; in particular CO is often , but not always , found coincident with peaks of um emission , verifying the need for matching-resolution um and HI data for a complete assessment of the SMC H2 mass .
The spectral energy distribution of the optical/NIR afterglow shows a sharp drop in the \swift UVOT UV filters that can be utilized for the estimation of a redshift .	Results : Fitting the SED from the \swift UVOT $ uvw2 $ band to the $ H $ band , we estimate a photometric redshift of $ z=1.8^ { +0.4 } _ { -0.3 } $ , consistent with the pseudo redshift reported by Pelangeon & amp ; Atteia ( 2008 ) based on the gamma-ray data .
This note is aimed at simplifying current literature about compactness estimates for the Kohn-Laplacian on CR manifolds .	The approach consists in a tangential basic estimate in the formulation given by the first author in \cite { Kh10 } which refines former work by Nicoara \cite { N06 } .
At random each of the nodes then updates its state towards the state of the other node ( attraction ) , away from the other node ( repulsion ) , or sticks to its current state ( neglect ) .	Agreement convergence and disagreement divergence results are obtained for various strengths of the updates for both symmetric and asymmetric update rules .
In the latter case , distortion of the crystal perpendicular to the ( 111 ) axis is predicted .	The corresponding anomaly in elastic constants should also appear .
This disadvantageous situation can be amended by applying an external electric field perpendicular to the phosphorene surface with direction from the phosphorene to the TTF molecule , under which the TTF-introduced donor states move closer to conduction band edge ( CBE ) of the phosphorene and then the TTF-doped phosphorene system becomes an n-type semiconductor .	The effective bipolar doping of single-layer phosphorene via molecular adsorption predicted above , especially n-doping against its native p-doping propensity , would broaden the way to the application of this new type of two-dimensional material in nanoelectronic and optoelectronic devices .
In spite of accounting for PRD and RT effects it has not been possible to reproduce the observed triple peak structure in Q/I .	While the two wing PRD peaks ( on either side of central peak ) and the near wing continuum can be reproduced , the central peak is completely suppressed by the enhanced depolarization resulting from the hyperfine structure splitting .
But whether such paradox occurs or not is not scarcely studied in complex networks except for Dorogovtsev-Mendes network\cite { 2 } .	In this article , we study the paradox on Ladder type networks , as the first step to the research about Braess ' paradox on Watts and Strogatz type small world network\cite { Watt1 } \cite { Watt2 } .
We design the { \em NZF ( Non-Zeno Fairness ) predicate } , with a greatest fixpoint formulation , as a unified framework for the evaluation of formulas like $ \exists\pfrr\eta_1 $ , $ \exists\pfrr\pevt\eta_1 $ , and $ \exists\pevt\pfrr\eta_1 $ .	We then prove the correctness of a new formulation for the characterization of the NZF predicate based on zone search and the least fixpoint evaluation .
The shape of photomultiplier signals depends on the hit-time and hit-position of the gamma quantum .	In order to take advantage of this fact a dedicated sampling front-end electronics which enables to sample signals in voltage domain with the time precision of about 20 ps and novel reconstruction method based on the comparison of examined signal with the model signals stored in the library has been developed .
The Local Group is often seen to be a quiescent environment without significant merger events .	However an ancient major merger may have occurred in the most massive galaxy .
In a Bayesian variable selection Ising model the interactions are determined by the linear model coefficients , so we systematically study the performance of different scale normal mixture priors for the model coefficients by adopting the global-local shrinkage strategy .	Our results prove that the best prior of the model coefficients in terms of variable selection should maintain substantial weight on small shrinkage instead of large shrinkage .
The invariant yield of the direct photons in d+Au collisions over the scaled p+p cross section is consistent with unity .	Theoretical calculations assuming standard cold nuclear matter effects describe the data well for the entire p_T range .
The luminosity delivered to the CDF and D0 experiments has now surpassed the 4 fb-1 .	This paper reviews the most recent direct searches for Higgs bosons and beyond-the-standard-model ( BSM ) physics at the Tevatron .
The membrane model can be defined on a large class of $ U ( m ) $ - and $ U ( m ) \times U ( m ) $ -structure manifolds , including geometries inspired by $ ( 1,1 ) $ supersymmetric $ \sigma $ -models with additional supersymmetries due to almost complex ( but not necessarily complex ) structures in the target space .	Furthermore , we show that the model can be defined on three particular half-flat manifolds related to the Iwasawa manifold .
Acceleration of bulk motion of plasma due to magneto centrifugal mechanism is investigated for different shapes of the field lines of 3-D magnetic field .	It is shown that this mechanism can be efficient provided that the field line is twisted into direction of rotation .
This paper deals with the above limit problem in a less general but still very significant framework and provides a very simple proof of further regularity for the solution .	As a byproduct , a simple uniqueness proof is given as well .
We propose a method for simulating a single realization of a collision of two Bose -- Einstein condensates .	Recently in Zi\ ' { n } { \it et al . } ( Phys.Rev.Lett .
The measurement apparatus itself can impose non-redundant boundary conditions .	Measurements of such an object would fail to satisfy the distributive law of classical physics .
The goal of the paper is to derive a revised condition of global equilibrium in complex chemical systems as variational principle in formalism of recently developed discrete thermodynamics ( DTD ) of chemical equilibria .	In classical approach the problem of complex equilibrium is solved by minimization of the system Gibbs ' free energy subject to logistic constraints .
The goal is to find a scheduling distribution that yields `` the best '' performance in terms of decoding overhead , performance metric specific to erasure codes and widely used for upper-layer forward error correction ( UL-FEC ) .	We rigorously formulate this optimization problem , and we show that it can be addressed by using genetic optimization algorithms .
In 1905 , he highlights a new type of non-sinusoidal oscillations in the singing arc .	Twenty years later , Balthasar van der Pol will recognize that such oscillations were in fact `` relaxation oscillations '' .
With the current experimental data of the branching ratios , the direct CP and the isospin asymmetries , bounds on the coupling $ \kappa_ { tcR } ^ { \gamma } $ from $ B\to K^*\gamma $ and $ \kappa_ { tuR } ^ { \gamma } $ from $ B\to \rho\gamma $ decays are derived , respectively .	The bound on $ |\kappa_ { tcR } ^ { \gamma } | $ from $ { \mathcal B } ( B\to K^ { * } \gamma ) $ is generally compatible with that from $ { \mathcal B } ( B\to X_ { s } \gamma ) $ .
The as synthesized compound is crystallized in tetragonal structure with P4/nmm space group having lattice parameters a = 3.93726 ( 33 ) A and c = 8.49802 ( 07 ) A .	The resistance ( R-T ) measurements on the compound exhibited ground state spin-density-wave ( SDW ) -like metallic steps below 140 K. Heat capacity CP ( T ) measurements on the title compound , showed an anomaly at around 140 K , which is reminiscent of the SDW ordering of the compound .
While there are many parsec-scale Herbig-Haro ( HH ) outflows known to be driven by low-mass young stars , few are associated with their intermediate mass counterparts .	Here we present the discovery of five such bipolar outflows .
A metric-field approach to gravitation is presented .	It is based on an idea of dependency of space-time properties on measuring instruments .
Hand motion capture is a popular research field , recently gaining more attention due to the ubiquity of RGB-D sensors .	However , even most recent approaches focus on the case of a single isolated hand .
A failure occurs when a functional of the solution to the model is below ( or above ) some critical value .	By combining recent results on quantile estimation and the multilevel Monte Carlo method we develop a method which reduces computational cost without loss of accuracy .
In fact , iron is mainly produced from type Ia supernovae on a timescale of ~ 0.1-1 billion years , while the alpha elements come from massive stars on timescales of a few tens of million years ( Matteucci 1994 ) .	Reproducing such a alpha/Fe correlation has long been a severe problem for cosmological theories of galaxy formation , which envisage massive galaxies to assemble gradually from smaller progenitors , and to be characterized by a star formation history too much extended towards late cosmic times .
Under a certain parameter range , the steady-state detonation can have multiple sonic points and solutions .	Embedded shocks can exist behind sonic points , where they link the weak and strong solutions .
This technique can also be a useful tool for studying open quantum systems coupled to a spin-chain environment , which can be further transformed into an effective fermionic bath .	We derive an exact stochastic Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation ( SSE ) , called fermionic quantum state diffusion ( QSD ) equation , from the first principle by using the fermionic coherent state representation .
These disks would then be embedded in the observed dense nuclear stellar clusters .	Making the simplest assumption of an optically thick disk , we explore several ways to detect the disk presence through its interaction with the cluster .
There are at least two processes responsible for the array rotation : the interference of local beams and the spatial depolarization .	The interference takes place in the vortex birth and annihilation events forming the symmetrical part of the rotation .
We perform axisymmetric MHD simulations of the disk-jet interaction on a computational domain covering both hemispheres , in particular addressing the question of an intrinsically asymmetric origin of jet / counter jet systems .	Treating both hemispheres simultaneously , we overcome the equatorial plane symmetry boundary condition used in most previous studies which naturally fosters a symmetric evolution .
This work aims at the performance of the ALICE detector for the measurement of high-energy jets at mid-pseudo-rapidity in ultra-relativistic nucleus -- nucleus collisions at LHC and their potential for the characterization of the partonic matter created in these collisions .	In our approach , jets at high energy with E_ { T } & gt ; 50 GeV are reconstructed with a cone jet finder , as typically done for jet measurements in hadronic collisions .
We report the realization of a widely tunable bandgap in few-layer black phosphorus doped with potassium using an in-situ surface doping technique .	Through band-structure measurements and calculations , we demonstrate that a vertical electric field from dopants modulates the bandgap owing to the giant Stark effect and tunes the material from a moderate-gap semiconductor to a band-inverted semimetal .
While the optimization of nonlinear signals might suffer from low signal to noise conditions and from possible artifacts at large penetration depths , it has nevertheless been largely used in the multiple scattering regime since it provides a guide star mechanism as well as an intrinsic compensation for spatiotemporal distortions .	Here , we demonstrate the benefit of Transmission Matrix ( TM ) based approaches under broadband illumination conditions , to perform nonlinear imaging .
The time-domain scaling of the optimal quantum-classical correspondence is analyzed in detail in the case of both classical theories .	In both cases the correspondence for observable quantities is shown to break down on a time-scale that increases very slowly ( logarithmically ) with increasing system size .
To address these issues , we propose a unified scene text detection system , namely Text Flow , by utilizing the minimum cost ( min-cost ) flow network model .	With character candidates detected by cascade boosting , the min-cost flow network model integrates the last three sequential steps into a single process which solves the error accumulation problem at both character level and text line level effectively .
Specializing to fixed point functors as coefficients , we derive several group theoretic applications and introduce Bredon-Galois cohomology .	We prove an analog of Hilbert 's Theorem 90 and show that the second Bredon-Galois cohomology is a certain intersection of relative Brauer groups .
The explicit form of the kinetic energy , which differs from one in the Gross-Pitaevski approach , is found .	This form is valid beyond the Hartree-Fock approximation and can be applied for arbitrary strong interparticle interaction .
Recently it was demonstrated ( Schattschneider et al. , Nature 441 ( 2006 ) , 486 ) , that an analogue of the X-ray magnetic circular dichroism ( XMCD ) experiment can be performed with the transmission electron microscope ( TEM ) .	The new phenomenon has been named energy-loss magnetic chiral dichroism ( EMCD ) .
We also study the amplitude of the non-Gaussianity of the primordial perturbations both in equilateral and orthogonal configurations in this setup .	We test the model with recent observational data and find some constraints on the model parameters .
We find that the decay vacuum model can describe the expansion rate at late times as well as the standard cosmological constant model but it fails to simultaneously reproduce the observed CMB and matter power spectrum .	Its generalization $ \bar { \rho } _\Lambda=3M_p^2 ( \xi_1 H_0 H+\xi_2 H^2 ) $ is also discussed .
Here , we study the amount of deuteration and depletion toward pre/protocluster clumps found in a wide-field ( 10 X 10 arcmin ) census of clouds in 32 massive star-forming regions that are known to harbour UCHII regions .	We find that 65 % of the observed sources have strong NH2D emission and more than 50 % of the sources exhibit a high degree of deuteration , ( 0.1 & lt ; NH2D/NH3 & lt ; 0.7 ) , 0.7 being the highest observed deuteration of NH3 reported to date .
There are , however , a few cases where millimeter lines have been directly involved in understanding lensing configurations .	Future mm/submm instruments , such as the ALMA interferometer , will have both the sensitivity and the angular resolution to allow detailed observations of gravitational lenses .
When the absolute value of the magnetic quantum number $ m $ is not too small , it is most appropriate to choose $ \Lambda=|m|\ne 0 $ .	When , on the other hand , $ |m| $ is sufficiently small , it is most appropriate to choose $ \Lambda = 0 $ .
Event Specification Templates are a means to organise the requirements concerning a communicative event .	This report can be useful to analysts and business process modellers in general , since , according to our industrial experience , it is possible to apply many Communication Analysis concepts , guidelines and criteria to other business process modelling notations such as BPMN .
We show that the time-scales of the spurious SF-breaks depend mainly on the length of the artificial data set and also on the character of the variability i.e.the shape of the PSD .	The SF is often invoked in the framework of shot-noise models to determine the temporal properties of individual shots .
Then we show that for any tolerated error , we can find a control law that guarantees global optimal consensus within this error for fixed , bidirectional , and connected graphs under mild conditions .	For time-varying graphs , we show that optimal consensus can always be achieved as long as the graph is uniformly jointly strongly connected and the nonempty intersection condition holds .
Abridged -- We present an analysis of the Aquila Rift complex which addresses the questions of the star formation rate ( SFR ) , star formation efficiency ( SFE ) and typical lifetime of the Class 0 protostellar phase in two nearby cluster-forming clumps : the Serpens South and W40 protoclusters .	We carried out a 1.2 mm dust continuum mapping of the Aquila Rift complex with the MAMBO bolometer array on the IRAM 30m telescope .
Applying the projection operator approach , we investigate on the time evolution of expectation values of linear and quadratic polynomials in position and momentum for a statistical anharmonic oscillator with quartic potential .	Based on the exact integro-differential equations of motion , we study the first and naive second order approximation which breaks down at secular time-scales .
This ratio can be found by increasing the money supply to just below the point that the system would experience a `` monetary crash , '' where money is sufficiently devalued that no agent is willing to perform a service .	The implications of the presence of altruists , hoarders , sybils , and collusion on the performance of the system are examined .
Based on the exponentially weighted moving average ( EWMA ) algorithm , we propose two kinds of controllers , EWMA-I and II controllers for single product process and mixed product process in semiconductor manufacturing in this paper .	For the single product process , the stabilities of systems with both controllers which undergo different kinds of metrology delays are investigated .
We consider a network where routing of requests is based on random walks .	Content placement is done using a novel mechanism referred to as reinforced counters .
In this paper we present an alternative way of analyzing a subclass of these theories ( elliptic models ) .	We observe that upon compactification on a circle one can use a version of mirror symmetry to map the original brane configuration into one containing only D-branes .
It is thought that the ionized bubbles grew with time , surrounded clusters of dwarf galaxies and eventually overlapped quickly throughout the universe over a narrow redshift interval near z~6 .	This event signaled the end of the reionization epoch when the universe was a billion years old .
The distribution of Yang-Lee zeros in the ferromagnetic Ising model in both two and three dimensions is studied on the complex field plane directly in the thermodynamic limit via the tensor network methods .	The partition function is represented as a contraction of a tensor network and is efficiently evaluated with an iterative tensor renormalization scheme .
The method of the phase-space integrations for the binary-decay is an extension of the usual Hauser-Feshbach formalism to be applied to the mass-symmetric fission part .	The EHFM calculations include ground-state binding energies and discrete levels in the low excitation-energy regions which are essential for an accurate evaluation of the phase-space integrations of the complex-fragment emission ( fission ) .
This paper presents a practical approach to rapidly introduce new dataplane functionality into networks : End-hosts embed tiny programs into packets to actively query and manipulate a network 's internal state .	We show how this `` tiny packet program '' ( TPP ) interface gives end-hosts unprecedented visibility into network behavior , enabling them to work with the network to achieve a common goal .
Examples include modelling the electron density fluctuations in the interstellar medium , understanding the chemical composition of galaxy clusters and the intergalactic medium , and testing the prevailing phenomenological theories of magnetohydrodynamic turbulence .	While passive scalar turbulence has been extensively studied in the hydrodynamic case , its counterpart in MHD turbulence is significantly less well understood .
Identification of co-expressed genes and coherent patterns is the central goal in microarray or gene expression data analysis and is an important task in Bioinformatics research .	In this paper , K-Means algorithm hybridised with Cluster Centre Initialization Algorithm ( CCIA ) is proposed Gene Expression Data .
We find that the redshift distributions at z & lt ; ~ 1.5 of both the hierarchical and passive models are very similar to the observed one .	At z & gt ; ~1.5 , the hierarchical model shows a deficit of galaxies , while the passive model predicts an excess .
However , the existence of the light top squark may exceedingly enhance \bbbar\ mixing , owing to the box diagrams exchanging the charginos and the up-type squarks .	We show that for a sizable region of parameter space the light top squark contribution to \bbbar\ mixing becomes the same order of magnitude as the standard $ W $ -boson contribution .
We demonstrate that the quantum perceptron superiors its classical counterpart in learning capabilities .	In particular , we show that the quantum perceptron is able to learn an arbitrary ( Boolean ) logical function , perform the classification on previously unseen classes and even recognize the superpositions of learned classes -- the task of high importance in applied medical engineering .
As an application , we prove an upper bound on the query complexity of testing Booleanity of Fourier-sparse functions .	Our bound is tight up to a logarithmic factor and quadratically improves on a result due to Gur and Tamuz ( Chicago J . Theor.Comput.Sci. , 2013 ) .
Cygnus X-2 is unusual in having had an initial mass ratio $ q_ { \rm i } = M_ { \rm 2i } /M_1 $ in a narrow critical range near $ q_ { \rm i } \simeq 2.6 $ .	Smaller $ q_ { \rm i } $ lead to long-period systems with the former donor near the Hayashi line , and larger $ q_ { \rm i } $ to pulsar binaries with shorter periods and relatively massive white dwarf companions .
We study the product of transfer matrices in the near-flat space expansion of the AdS ( 5 ) x S ( 5 ) string theory in the pure spinor formalism .	The natural operations on Wilson lines with insertions are described in terms of r- and s-matrices satisfying a generalized classical Yang-Baxter equation .
Gaia 's science data comprises absolute astrometry , broad-band photometry , and low-resolution spectro-photometry .	Spectroscopic data with a resolving power of 11,500 will be obtained for the brightest 150 million sources , down to 17th magnitude .
We observe that the gap in the field equation may cause generation of curvature perturbation if it appears not simultaneous in space .	The mechanism is similar to the scenario of inhomogeneous phase transition .
SAURON , a dedicated integral-field spectrograph that is optimized for wide-field observations and has high throughput , was built in Lyon and is now operated at the WHT 4.2m telescope .	At present , we have observed approximately two thirds of the seventy-two sample galaxies with SAURON .
Superlattices may play an important role in next generation electronic and spintronic devices if the key-challenge of the reading and writing data can be solved .	This challenge emerges from the coupling of low dimensional individual layers with macroscopic world .
A detailed model for a Type Ia supernovae is used to identify spectral features .	The Doppler shifts of lines are measured to obtain the velocity and , thus , the radial distribution of elements .
By calculating the resulting magnetization profiles for a large range of chain lengths with fixed field and temperature we reconstruct the experimentally measured NMR spectrum of impurity doped Y $ _2 $ BaNi $ _ { 1-x } $ Mg $ _x $ O $ _5 $ .	For temperatures above the gap the calculated NMR spectra are in excellent agreement with the experimental results , confirming the existence of $ S=1/2 $ excitations at the end of open S=1 chain segments .
We compare these quantities with the predictions of various PN approximants ( adiabatic Taylor and Pade models ; non-adiabatic effective-one-body ( EOB ) models ) .	We find that Pade summation of the energy flux does not accelerate the convergence of the flux series ; nevertheless , the Pade flux is markedly closer to the numerical result for the whole range of the simulation ( about 30 GW cycles ) .
We propose a new algorithm for this problem based on the message passing/belief propagation technique .	A priori this problem does not have an associated graphical model , so in order to apply a belief propagation algorithm we provide a novel representation of the problem as a graphical model .
Such bodies exhibit residual stress when relaxed from all external constraints , and may assume complicated equilibrium shapes even in the absence of external forces .	In this work we present a mathematical framework for such bodies in terms of a covariant theory of linear elasticity , valid for large displacements .
In the context of percutaneous renal puncture , the aim is to transfer a planning information to an intraoperative coordinate system .	The spatial position of the US slices is measured by localizing a calibrated probe .
Furthermore , the magnitude of their Fourier transform spectrum is less than or equal to 2 .	A proof is given through finding a simple elementary construction for the sequences constructed from the Weil representation by Gurevich , Hadani and Sochen .
From the algebraic point of view , these Lagrangian quotients are connected sets of real points inside a complex moduli variety endowed with a real structure ; when the rank and the degree are coprime , they are in fact the connected components of the fixed-point set of the real structure .	This presentation as a quotient enables us to generalize the methods of Atiyah and Bott to a setting with involutions , and compute the mod 2 Poincare polynomials of these moduli spaces in the coprime case .
We study ruled orders .	These arise naturally in the Mori program for orders on projective surfaces and morally speaking are orders on a ruled surface ramified on a bisection and possibly some fibres .
We find that it is possible to distinguish whether the density discontinuity exists or not in the stars , even if one will observe the gravitational waves of the fundamental mode .	Additionally , the normalized eigenfrequencies of pressure modes depend strongly on the stellar mass and on the adopted equation of state .
During the simulation of highly integrated circuits , for example , only a few elements underlie changing signals whereas the major part -- usually up to 80 or even 90 per cent -- remains latent .	Standard integration schemes discretize the entire circuit with a single step size which is mainly limited by the accuracy requirements of the rapidly changing subcircuits .
We adopt an \emph { approximate recovery } criterion that allows for a number of missed edges or incorrectly-included edges , thus departing from the extensive literature considering the exact recovery problem .	Our main results provide information-theoretic lower bounds on the required number of samples ( i.e. , the sample complexity ) for graph classes imposing constraints on the number of edges , maximal degree , and sparse separation properties .
We discuss theoretical issues and experimental data that brought the ultra high energy cosmic rays in the list of Nature 's greatest puzzles .	After many years of research we still do not know how astrophysical acceleration processes can reach energies exceeding 10 $ ^ { 11 } $ GeV .
We study the thermodynamic behavior of a model protein with 54 amino acids that is designed to form a three-helix bundle in its native state .	The model contains three types of amino acids and five to six atoms per amino acid , and has the Ramachandran torsion angles as its only degrees of freedom .
Quantum measurement finds the observed system in a collapsed state , rather than in the state predicted by the Schr\ '' odinger equation .	Yet there is a relatively spread opinion that the wavefunction collapse can be explained by unitary evolution ( for instance in the decoherence approach , if we take into account the environment ) .
We consider a two-dimensional ( 2D ) generalization of a recently proposed model [ Phys.Rev .	E 88 , 032905 ( 2013 ) ] , which gives rise to bright discrete solitons supported by the defocusing nonlinearity whose local strength grows from the center to the periphery .
Here , we report the preparation of an almost pure p-type graphene phase after Au intercalation .	We observe a 100 meV Rashba-type spin-orbit splitting at 0.9 eV binding energy .
A key element in this `` vacancy magnetism '' is the formation of magnetic moments in vacancy-induced electronic states .	In this work we compute the charging energy $ U $ of a single-vacancy generated localized state for bulk graphene and graphene ribbons .
In this letter , we will propose a Mutual Attraction Model to characterize weighted evolving networks .	By introducing the initial attractiveness $ A $ and the general mechanism of mutual attraction ( controlled by parameter $ m $ ) , the model can naturally reproduce scale-free distributions of degree , weight and strength , as found in many real systems .
High quality spectra are provided for all 18 sources .	We discuss the detection rate of this survey and the correlation of various maser properties with other physical parameters .
We consider pair production and decay of fundamental unstable particles in the framework of a modified perturbation theory ( MPT ) , which treats resonant contributions of unstable particles in the sense of distributions .	The cross-section of the process is calculated within the NNLO of the MPT in a model that admits exact solution .
We present the results of the analysis of an archival 15 ks XMM-Newton observation of the nearby ( z=0.057 ) radio-loud source 3C445 , optically classified as a Broad-Line Radio Galaxy .	While the RGS data are of insufficient quality to allow a meaningful analysis , the EPIC data show a remarkable X-ray spectrum .
We use cosmological , chemo-dynamical , smoothed particle hydrodynamical simulations of Milky-Way-analogue galaxies to find the expected present-day distributions of both metal-free stars that formed from primordial gas and the oldest star populations .	We find that metal-free stars continue to form until z~4 in halos that are chemically isolated and located far away from the biggest progenitor of the final system .
The new close companions are most likely physically bound based on their probability of chance projection and , for some of them , on their position on a color-color diagram .	The corresponding degree of multiplicity among wide binaries ( number of triples and quadruples divided by the number of systems ) is 26.9 +/- 7.2 % in the projected separation range 0.07-12 arcsec , with the largest contribution from the Taurus-Auriga cloud .
This is a summary of what I thought were the most interesting things discussed at Blois : ( 1 ) The near-success of Cold Dark Matter ( CDM ) in predicting the COBE fluctuation amplitude , which favors the hypothesis that structure formed in the universe through gravitational collapse .	( 2 ) The indications that $ \Omega\approx1 $ and that the power spectrum has a little more power on supercluster and larger scales than CDM .
Tomography is a standard approach used to determine the form of an unknown state .	Here we show that an alternative approach , based on sequential weak and strong measurements , can be used to determine the density matrix in a simple , fast , and general style .
It turns out that the long-standing 1-loop results for these exponents are not entirely correct .	A runaway of the RG flow indicates that the so-called $ \theta^\prime $ -transition could be a fluctuation induced first order transition .
In my previous joint work with Luen-fai Tam , we discovered that the number of infinities of a complete manifold can be estimated by the dimension of a certain space of harmonic functions .	Applying this to a complete manifold whose Ricci curvature is almost non-negative , we showed that the manifold must have finitely many ends .
Therefore , we can not exclude that all our sources are background sources .	However , combining the results from X-ray and optical observations , we found that 1-2 sources in NGC6144 and 1 source in E3 are likely to be cataclysmic variables and that 1 source in NGC6144 is an active binary , based on the X-ray and optical properties .
Assume $ X_n $ is a random sample of $ n $ uniform , independent points from a triangle $ T $ .	The longest convex chain , $ Y $ , of $ X_n $ is defined naturally .
In this , $ m $ denotes the total number of hypotheses , $ m_0 $ the number of true null hypotheses , and $ q $ the nominal FDR level .	Under the assumption of an Archimedean $ p $ -value copula with completely monotone generator , we derive a sharper upper bound for the FDR of $ \varphi^ { LSU } $ as well as a non-trivial lower bound .
A twistor construction of the hierarchy associated with the hyper-K\ '' ahler equations on a metric ( the anti-self-dual Einstein vacuum equations , ASDVE , in four dimensions ) is given .	The recursion operator R is constructed and used to build an infinite-dimensional symmetry algebra and in particular higher flows for the hyper-K\ '' ahler equations .
Furthermore the 2T approach led to the first formulation of a twistor superstring in d=10 appropriate for AdS { 5 } xS { 5 } backgrounds , and a twistor superstring in d=6 related to the little understood superconformal theory in d=6 .	The proper generalization of twistors to higher dimensions is an essential ingredient which is provided naturally by 2T-physics .
We show that the primordial spectrum of density fluctuations in neutralino cold dark matter ( CDM ) has a sharp cut-off due to two damping mechanisms : collisional damping during the kinetic decoupling of the neutralinos at about 30 MeV ( for typical neutralino and sfermion masses ) and free streaming after last scattering of neutralinos .	The last scattering temperature is lower than the kinetic decoupling temperature by one order of magnitude .
To test a possible relation between the topological entropy and the Arnold complexity , and to provide a non trivial example of a rational dynamical zeta function , we introduce a two-parameter family of two-dimensional discrete rational mappings .	The generating functions of the number of fixed points , and of the degree of the successive iterates , are both considered .
With a certain probability tax evaders are subject to an audit .	If they get caught they behave honestly for a certain number of periods .
Intracellular fluctuations , mainly triggered by gene expression , are an inevitable phenomenon observed in living cells .	It influences generation of phenotypic diversity in genetically identical cells .
We have completed the one-loop renormalisation of the Next-to-Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model ( NMSSM ) allowing for and comparing between different renormalisation schemes .	A special attention is paid to on-shell schemes .
The inflaton field is the imaginary part of the K\ '' ahler structure modulus , which is an axion-like field in the 4D effective field theory .	This model does not require moving branes , and in this sense it is simpler than other models of string theory inflation .
With the advantage of Landau-DeWitt gauge , we explicitly obtain the gauge condition independent result for the quadratically divergent gravitational corrections to gauge couplings .	By employing , in a general way , a scheme-independent regularization method that can preserve both gauge invariance and original divergent behavior of integrals , we show that the resulting gauge coupling is power-law running and asymptotically free .
A further issue is a good approximation to rotation invariance .	Last but not least the formulation should be simple enough to allow for efficient simulations .
There has been a long history of using fuzzy language equivalence to compare the behavior of fuzzy systems , but the comparison at this level is too coarse .	Recently , a finer behavioral measure , bisimulation , has been introduced to fuzzy finite automata .
This parameter is defined via a purely deterministic two-player game , in which the random process is replaced by an adversary that is subject to certain restrictions inherited from the random setting .	Our second main result states that for any $ F $ and $ r $ , the online vertex-Ramsey density $ m_1^* ( F , r ) $ is a computable rational number .
This precursor foot spreads as $ r_ { f } ^ { 2 } ( t ) =2D_ { eff } t $ with an effective diffusion constant that exhibits a droplet size dependence $ D_ { eff } \sim R_ { 0 } ^ { 1/2 } $ .	The radius of the main droplet $ r_ { b } ( t ) \sim R_ { 0 } ^ { 4/5 } $ in agreement with kinetic models for the cylindrical geometry studied .
Frequently econometricians are interested in verifying a relationship between two or more time series .	Such analysis is typically carried out by causality and/or independence tests which have been well studied when the data is univariate or multivariate .
Highly luminous rapid flares are characteristic of processes around compact objects like white dwarfs , neutron stars or black holes .	In the high energy regime of X- and gamma-rays , outbursts with variability time-scales of seconds and faster are routinely observed , e.g.in gamma-ray bursts or Soft Gamma Repeaters .
The magnetic field dependence is investigated by applying a moderate ( 0.8 T ) magnetic field along the c-axis .	The measured vortex state complex resistivity in YBa $ _ { 2 } $ Cu $ _ { 3 } $ O $ _ { 7-\delta } $ and SmBa $ _ { 2 } $ Cu $ _ { 3 } $ O $ _ { 7-\delta } $ is analyzed within the well-known models for vortex dynamics .
It is proposed that a $ K $ -cycle $ [ M , E , \phi ] $ represents a D-brane configuration wrapping the subspace $ \phi ( M ) $ .	As a consequence , the $ K $ -homology element defined by $ [ M , E , \phi ] $ represents a class of D-brane configurations that have the same physical charge .
Recent renormalization group calculations of the sparticle mass spectrum in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model ( MSSM ) show that t-b-\tau Yukawa coupling unification at M_ { \rm GUT } is possible when the mass spectra follow the pattern of a radiatively induced inverted scalar mass hierarchy .	The calculation is entirely consistent with expectations from SO ( 10 ) SUSY GUT theories , with one exception : it seems to require MSSM Higgs soft term mass splitting at M_ { \rm GUT } , dubbed `` just-so Higgs splitting '' ( HS ) in the literature , which apparently violates the SO ( 10 ) gauge symmetry .
This paper is concerned with the third requirement , proposing to combine explicit model checking to handle the control with symbolic set representations to handle the data .	The combination of explicit and symbolic approaches is first investigated theoretically and we report the requirements on the symbolic representation and the changes to the model checking process the combination entails .
Random walks constitute a fundamental mechanism for a large set of dynamics taking place on networks .	In this article , we study random walks on weighted networks with an arbitrary degree distribution , where the weight of an edge between two nodes has a tunable parameter .
These multi-rogue waves also arise from the constant background and then decay back to it , but in the intermediate times , interesting curvy wave patterns appear .	However , higher-order rogue waves are found to show more interesting features .
Exploiting ideas from fluid approximation , we estimate the satisfaction probability of the DTA properties by reducing it to the computation of the transient probability of a subclass of Time-Inhomogeneous Markov Renewal Processes with exponentially and deterministically-timed transitions , and a small state space .	For this subclass of models , we show how to derive a set of Delay Differential Equations ( DDE ) , whose numerical solution provides a fast and accurate estimate of the satisfaction probability .
A recent study of nonextensive phase transitions in nuclei and nuclear clusters needs a probability model compatible with the appropriate Hamiltonian .	For magnetic molecules a representation of the evolution by a Markov process achieves the required probability model that is used to study the probability density function ( PDF ) of the order parameter , i.e.the magnetization .
It started with deploying animals to automate tasks in the field of agriculture ( bulls ) , transportation ( e.g.horses and donkeys ) , and even communication ( pigeons ) .	Millenniums after , come the Golden age with `` Al-jazari '' and other Muslim inventors , which were the pioneers of automation , this has given birth to industrial revolution in Europe , centuries after .
This exploratory approach leads to a relation between scalar glueball masses and beta functions .	Using this relation , properties of the glueball mass spectroscopy that emerge from phenomenological beta functions proposed in the literature are investigated .
We present a fresh and broad yet simple approach towards information retrieval in general and diagnostics in particular by applying the theory of complex networks on multidimensional , dynamic images .	We demonstrate a successful use of our method with the time series generated from high content thermal imaging videos of patients suffering from the aqueous deficient dry eye ( ADDE ) disease .
Using a cosmological N-Body simulation and a sample of re-simulated cluster-like haloes , we study the mass loss rates of dark matter subhaloes , and interpret the mass function of subhaloes at redshift zero in terms of the evolution of the mass function of systems accreted by the main halo progenitor .	When expressed in terms of the ratio between the mass of the subhalo at the time of accretion and the present day host mass the unevolved subhalo mass function is found to be universal .
We show that checking the extremality of a point reduces to checking whether there is only one minimal strongly connected component in an hypergraph .	The latter problem can be solved in almost linear time , which allows us to eliminate quickly redundant generators .
( abridged ) By comparing the distribution of dust and gas in the central regions of the Galaxy , we aim to obtain new insights into the properties of the offset dust lanes leading the bar 's major axis in the Milky Way .	On the one hand , the molecular emission of the dust lanes is extracted from the observed CO l-b-V distribution according to the interpretation of a dynamical model .
We have observed 37 bright , polarized radio sources with the Allen Telescope Array ( ATA ) to present a novel analysis of their Faraday rotation properties .	Each source was observed during the commissioning phase with 2 to 4 100-MHz bands at frequencies ranging from 1 to 2 GHz .
We found 10 X-ray sources associated with SMGs ( median redshift z = 2.3 ) , of which 8 were identified as AGNs using several techniques that enable cross-checking .	The other 2 X-ray detected SMGs have levels of X-ray emission that can be plausibly explained by their star-formation activity .
The mean-field solutions and the collective excitations from them explain reasonably significant experimental observations : the strong anisotropy in the magnetic susceptibility , characteristic behavior of pressure versus magnetic field or temperature phase diagrams , disappearance of inelastic neutron-scattering intensity out of the hidden order phase , and insensitiveness of the NQR frequency at Ru-sites upon ordering .	A consistency with the strong anisotropy in the magnetic responses excludes all the multipoles in two-dimensional representations , such as $ ( O_ { yz } , O_ { zx } ) $ .
For an actual property , the observed outcome has to affirm that property with certainty , hence in this case the correlation needs to be perfect .	A property is called classical if either the property or its negation is actual .
Gallium interstitial diffusion paths and migration barriers for diffusion are determined for all the interstitial charge states which are favored for Fermi levels anywhere in the gap , and the charge states which dominate diffusion as a function of Fermi level are identified .	The effects of chemical potential , doping level , and non-equilibrium defect concentrations produced by ion implantation or irradiation on gallium self-diffusion are examined .
M31 clusters appear to be adequately fit by standard King models , and do not obviously require alternate descriptions with relatively stronger halos , such as are needed to fit many GCs in other nearby galaxies .	The derived structural parameters are combined with corrected versions of those measured in an earlier survey to construct a comprehensive catalog of structural and dynamical parameters for M31 GCs with a sample size similar to that for the Milky Way .
Subsequently , several authors have taken this as motivation for counting Bohr-Sommerfeld leaves when studying the quantization of manifolds which are less `` nice '' .	In this paper , we examine the quantization of compact symplectic manifolds that can locally be modelled by a toric manifold , using a real polarization modelled on fibres of the moment map .
The bright GRB 050408 was localized by HETE-II near local midnight , enabling an impressive ground-based followup effort as well as space-based followup from Swift .	The Swift data from the X-Ray Telescope ( XRT ) and our own optical photometry and spectrum of the afterglow provide the cornerstone for our analysis .
We infer ages for the metal-poor and metal-rich GCs in these galaxies through comparisons to Galactic GCs .	Both subpopulations appear to be no younger than their Galactic counterparts , with ages ~ & gt ; 10 Gyr .
In the present work , it was shown , that the thermodynamically equilibrium primary ferrofluid aggregate has either the long-range ordered or liquid phase .	Due to the unknown steric layer force and other model idealizations , the clear experimental verification of the real equilibrium phase is still required .
In this work we investigate strategies for protocol coding via combinatorial ordering of the labelled user resources ( packets , channels ) in an existing , primary system .	Such a protocol coding introduces a new secondary communication channel in the existing system , which has been considered in the prior work exclusively in a steganographic context .
We use the linear intrinsic alignment model as a base and compare it to an alternative model and data .	If intrinsic alignments are ignored then the dark energy equation of state is biased by ~50 per cent .
By minimizing the energy functional we find the contour describing the hard core of the flux line , and predict the threshold current for entrance of the first vortex .	We assume that the vortex entrance is allowed due to surface defects , despite the Bean-Livingston barrier .
We prove a generalisation of the Kung-Stong Cycle Index , and use it to obtain a lower bound for the proportion of primary cyclic matrices in $ \operatorname { M } ( c , q^b ) $ .	This extends work of Glasby and the second author on the case $ b=1 $ .
We show that the two events seen in the CDMSII/Ge experiment are consistent with the interactions of the anticipated heavy $ \sim Fe ' $ component .	This interpretation of the CDMSII/Ge events is a natural one given that a ) mirror dark matter predicts an event rate which is sharply falling with respect to recoil energy and b ) that the two observed events are in the low energy region near threshold .
The mass spectra of heavy and light mesons is computed within the framework of the relativistic flux tube model .	A good agreement with the experimental data is obtained provided that the flux tube contributions , including retardation and spin-orbit effects , are supplemented by a one-gluon-exchange potential , a quark self-energy term and instanton-induced interactions .
The model is a quantum graph analogous to an a-periodic Kronig-Penney model in one dimension .	The exact expression for the probability to return of an initially localized state is computed in terms of classical trajectories .
We report the discovery of HAT-P-17b , c , a multi-planet system with an inner transiting planet in a short-period , eccentric orbit and an outer planet in a 4.8 yr , nearly circular orbit .	The inner planet , HAT-P-17b , transits the bright V = 10.54 early K dwarf star GSC 2717-00417 , with an orbital period P = 10.338523 +/- 0.000009 d , orbital eccentricity e = 0.346 +/- 0.007 , transit epoch T_c = 2454801.16945 +/- 0.00020 , and transit duration 0.1691 +/- 0.0009 d. HAT-P-17b has a mass of 0.530 +/- 0.018 M_J and radius of 1.010 +/- 0.029 R_J yielding a mean density of 0.64 +/- 0.05 g cm^-3 .
The radio emission is caused by synchrotron radiation of electrons , while the FIR emission is attributed to HII regions of OB stars and hot dust powered by those stars .	Another possible correlation for star-forming regions might exist between the aforementioned radio emission and the gamma ray emission in the GeV regime .
We show that this gain , already known to be optimal , is preserved , irrespectively of the dimension of the system used to encode quantum information .	This is shown by adapting the protocol to Hilbert spaces of any dimension using the same sequence of operations/logical gates as its original qubit formulation .
In the Hamiltonian scheme , constraint analysis and the induced Dirac brackets have been provided .	The spacetime translation generators and their actions on the fields are discussed in detail .
Events containing candidates for hadronic decays of boosted W bosons are identified using jet substructure techniques , and are analyzed using the razor variables M [ R ] and R^2 , which characterize a possible signal as a peak on a smoothly falling background .	The observed event yields in the signal regions are found to be consistent with the expected contributions from standard model processes , which are predicted using control samples in the data .
This mechanism is based on the generation of non-Gaussian isocurvature fluctuations which are then transfered to the adiabatic modes through a bend in the classical inflaton trajectory .	Natural realizations involve quartic self-interaction terms for which a full computation can be performed .
Five 2D transitions are also considered , as simpler examples .	Following Barsch and Krumhansl , we scale the free energy to absorb most material-dependent elastic coefficients into an overall prefactor , by scaling in an overall elastic energy density ; a dimensionless temperature variable ; and the spontaneous-strain magnitude at transition $ \lambda & lt ; & lt ; 1 $ .
En este trabajo se presenta una propuesta para realizar Diferenciaci\'on Autom\'atica Anidada utilizando cualquier biblioteca de Diferenciaci\'on Autom\'atica que permita sobrecarga de operadores .	Para calcular las derivadas anidadas en una misma evaluaci\'on de la funci\'on , la cual se asume que sea anal\'itica , se trabaja con el modo forward utilizando una nueva estructura llamada SuperAdouble , que garantiza que se aplique correctamente la Diferenciaci\'on Autom\'atica y se calculen el valor y la derivada que se requiera .
The fields $ \mathcal { L } _k $ are linearly independent outside their discriminant variety $ \Delta \subset \mathbb { C } ^6 $ and tangent to this variety .	We describe a polynomial Lie algebra of the fields $ \mathcal { L } _k $ and the structure of the polynomial ring $ \mathbb { C } [ X , Z ] $ as a graded module with two generators $ x_2 $ and $ z_4 $ over this algebra .
Each ground state consists of an array of spin clusters separated by singlet dimers by virtue of an infinite number of local conservation laws .	We determine the ground state phase diagram by numerically analyzing each spin cluster .
An emerging requirement for 5G systems is the ability to provide wireless ultra-reliable communication ( URC ) services with close-to-full availability for cloud-based applications .	Among such applications , a prominent role is expected to be played by mobile cloud computing ( MCC ) , that is , by the offloading of computationally intensive tasks from mobile devices to the cloud .
Scaling and sustaining educational innovations is a common problem in the learning sciences .	Professional development resources around educational innovations that are personalized to appeal to the needs and motivations of different types of faculty offer a possible solution .
Computational methods for sensitivity analysis are invaluable tools for aerodynamics research and engineering design .	However , traditional sensitivity analysis methods break down when applied to long-time averaged quantities in turbulent fluid flow fields , specifically those obtained using high-fidelity turbulence simulations .
For other cases these quantities give upper and lower bounds on the itineraries which can occur .	In addition to describing the dynamics of the collinear three-body problem , the results of this paper rederives the existence of oscillatory motion in the general N-body problem for N & gt ; 2 .
This led to the notion of strong reciprocity ( or altruistic punishment ) to capture the human trait leading an individual to punish norm violators at a cost to himself .	For a population with small autonomous groups with collective monitoring , the interplay of intra- and intergroup dynamics shows this to be an adaptive trait , although not fully invasive of a selfish population .
Interesting new phenomena arise in the controlled Lagrangian approach in the discrete context that are not present in the continuous theory .	In particular , to make the discrete theory effective , one can make an appropriate selection of momentum levels or , alternatively , introduce a new parameter into the controlled Lagrangian to complete the kinetic matching procedure .
In particular , these include the latent group lasso , the overlapping group lasso , and certain norms used for learning tensors .	We establish basic properties of this class of regularizers and we provide the dual norm .
We investigate the local chirality of the near-zero modes and how it changes as we go to larger N. We observe that the local chirality of these modes , which is prominent for SU ( 2 ) and SU ( 3 ) , becomes rapidly weaker for larger N and is consistent with disappearing entirely in the limit of N - & gt ; infinity .	We find that this is not due to the observed disappearance of small instantons at larger N .
We propose a new Monte Carlo technique in which the degeneracy of energy states is obtained with a Markovian process analogous to that of Metropolis used currently in canonical simulations .	The obtained histograms are much broader than those of the canonical histogram technique studied by Ferrenberg and Swendsen .
Lim & amp ; Tan ( 2014 ) developed methods of FIR extinction mapping of this source using $ { \it Spitzer } $ -MIPS $ { \rm 24\mu m } $ and $ { \it Herschel } $ -PACS $ { \rm 70\mu m } $ images , and by comparing to MIR $ { \it Spitzer } $ -IRAC $ 3 $ -- $ { \rm 8\mu m } $ extinction maps , found tentative evidence for grain growth in the highest mass surface density regions .	Here we present results of spectroscopic infrared extinction ( SIREX ) mapping using $ { \it Spitzer } $ -IRS ( 14 to $ { \rm 38\mu m } $ ) data of the same IRDC .
It allows practical realization of the DFT technique for functions sampled on hexagonal symmetry grids .	The proposed method can also be implemented in case of IACT cameras with grids of rectangular symmetry by using the DFT on the SU ( 2 ) xSU ( 2 ) group .
Total solar irradiance variations , about 0.1 % between solar activity maximum and minimum , are available from accurate satellite measurements since 1978 and thus do not provide useful information on longer-term secular trends .	Recently , Krivova et al. , 2007 reconstructed , using suitable models , the total solar irradiance from the end of the Maunder minimum to the present , based on variations of the surface distribution of the solar magnetic field .
The correlation function for our faint galaxies can be parameterised by a power law , $ A \theta^ { -0.8 } $ , in agreement with the clustering statistics of shallower catalogues .	The derived amplitude , $ A $ , is small , but non-zero .
Young , energetic pulsars create wind nebulae , and more than a dozen pulsar wind nebulae have been associated with very-high-energy ( 100GeV-100TeV ) gamma-ray sources discovered with the HESS telescope .	The gamma-ray emission seen from HESS J1857+026 is potentially produced by a pulsar wind nebula powered by PSR J1856+0245 ; faint X-ray emission detected by ASCA at the pulsar 's position supports this hypothesis .
There is not yet a business model in which both sellers and buyers are grouped in order to negotiate on a specific product or service .	The present study investigates a new extension of the group-buying model , called fair , which allows aggregation of demand and supply for price optimization , in a cooperative manner .
Self-organized criticality can be translated into the language of absorbing state phase transitions .	Most models for which this analogy is established have been investigated for their absorbing state characteristics .
In a diffusion-based molecular communication network , transmitters and receivers communicate by using signalling molecules ( or ligands ) in a fluid medium .	This paper assumes that the transmitter uses different chemical reactions to generate different emission patterns of signalling molecules to represent different transmission symbols , and the receiver consists of receptors .
We compare the results of N-body simulations against three analytical model predictions ; standard perturbation theory , renormalized perturbation theory , and the closure approximation .	We include the effects from finite simulation box size in the comparison .
We revisit the question of universality in quantum computing and propose a new paradigm .	Instead of forcing a physical system to enact a predetermined set of universal gates ( e.g. , single-qubit operations and CNOT ) , we focus on the intrinsic ability of a system to act as a universal quantum computer using only its naturally available interactions .
The problems are generated around predetermined ground-state configurations , called planted solutions , which makes them particularly suitable for benchmarking purposes .	The problem set exhibits properties familiar from constraint satisfaction ( SAT ) problems , such as a peak in the typical hardness of the problems , determined by a tunable clause density parameter .
These mobilities reduce to the usual diffusion constants when equilibrium is reached .	We discuss our results in view of existing experimental measurements of effective diffusion barriers , and the difficulties associated with interpreting non-equilibrium data .
An application is given in which we explicitly construct time dependent coefficients leading to solutions displaying weak collapse in three-dimensional scenarios .	Our results can find physical applicability in mean field models of Bose-Einstein condensates and in the field of dispersion-managed optical systems .
This will require that some of the residual inhomogeneities from prehistory escaped the dissipative process at an early stage .	Fossil hunting to date has concentrated mostly on the stellar halo , but a key source of information will be the thick disk .
Bulk charge density modulations , recently observed in high critical-temperature ( $ T_\mathrm { c } $ ) cuprate superconductors , coexist with the so-called pseudogap and compete with superconductivity .	However , its direct observation has been limited to a narrow doping region in the underdoped regime .
Some aspects of the physical nature of language are discussed .	In particular , physical models of language must exist that are efficiently implementable .
The Josephson effect is a manifestation of the macroscopic phase coherence of superconductors and superfluids .	We propose that with ultracold Fermi gases one can realise a spin-asymmetric Josephson effect in which the two spin components of a Cooper pair are driven asymmetrically - corresponding to driving a Josephson junction of two superconductors with different voltages V_\uparrow and V_\downarrow for spin up and down electrons , respectively .
Without knowledge of the cluster redshift a Bayesian analysis of the AMI , CARMA and joint AMI & amp ; CARMA uv-data is used to quantify the detection significance and parameterise both the physical and observational properties of the cluster whilst accounting for the statistics of primary CMB anisotropies , receiver noise and radio sources .	The joint analysis of the AMI & amp ; CARMA uv-data was performed with two parametric physical cluster models : the { \beta } -model ; and the model described in Olamaie et al .
The films exhibit good cyrstalline structure , and the effect of magnetic anisotropies is apparent even though no zero field spin wave energy gap exists .	An analysis is given in terms of a superparamagnetic model in which the film is treated as a network of non-interacting single domain magnetic islands .
Thereafter , uniform random digits are copied directly into the representation of the normal deviate .	Thus , in contrast to existing methods , it is possible to generate normal deviates exactly rounded to any precision with a mean cost that scales linearly in the precision .
First-principles calculations are performed to investigate f magnetism in A $ _2 $ Ti $ _2 $ O $ _7 $ ( A=Eu , Gd , Tb , Dy , Ho , Er , Yb ) magnetic pyrochlore oxides .	The Hubbard U parameter and the relativistic spin orbit correction is applied for more accurate description of the electronic structure of the systems .
Using a homogeneous one-zone synchrotron + synchrotron-self Compton model , we model the quasi-simultaneous broad-band SED of OJ 287 .	With some reasonable assumptions , we extrapolate the model to the high state of OJ 287 and predict its { \gamma } -ray emissions .
Although it is hard to calculate this conjectured matter from first principles , one can expect the inter-cluster interaction to share some general features to nucleon-nucleon interaction .	We adopt a two-Gaussian component soft-core potential with these general features and show that quark clusters can form stable simple cubic crystal structure if we assume Gaussian form wave function .
From the determination of its tidal parameter K = GM_X/r_X^3 as a function of its ecliptic longitude \lambda_X and latitude \beta_X , we calculate the distance at which X may exist for different values of its mass , ranging from the size of Mars to that of the Sun .	The minimum distance would occur for X located perpendicularly to the ecliptic , while the maximum distance is for X lying in the ecliptic .
Numerical study has been conducted for the chaotic flow in a multi-turn closed-loop pulsating heat pipe ( PHP ) .	Heat flux and constant temperature boundary conditions have been applied for heating and cooling sections respectively .
We prove the $ \ell $ -independence of the intersection of $ G $ with the torsion subgroup of $ Z $ .	Our results provide evidence in the direction of the Mumford-Tate Conjecture .
This paper introduces the dual Orlicz-Brunn-Minkowski theory for star sets .	A radial Orlicz addition of two or more star sets is proposed and a corresponding dual Orlicz-Brunn-Minkowski inequality is established .
The focusing NLS possesses a soliton solution $ e^ { it } Q ( x ) $ , where $ Q $ is the ground-state solution to a nonlinear elliptic equation , and we prove that if $ M [ u ] E [ u ] & lt ; M [ Q ] E [ Q ] $ and $ \|u_0\|_ { L^2 } \|\nabla u_0\|_ { L^2 } & lt ; \|Q\|_ { L^2 } \|\nabla Q\|_ { L^2 } $ , then the solution $ u ( t ) $ is globally well-posed and scatters .	This condition is sharp in the sense that the soliton solution $ e^ { it } Q ( x ) $ , for which equality in these conditions is obtained , is global but does not scatter .
Consequently , we find that , as a precursor of instability , the compressibility develops an anomalous structure as a function of scattering length and is drastically reduced compared with the mean-field value .	Furthermore , the density profile of a Bose gas in a harmonic trap is found to develop a flat top near the center .
A generalization of the Radford-Majid criterion to the braided case is given and it is seen that bialgebra cross products over the Hopf algebra $ H $ are precisely described by $ H $ -crossed module bialgebras .	We study the theory of ( bicovariant ) differential calculi in braided abelian categories and we construct $ \NN_0 $ -graded bicovariant differential calculi out of first order bicovariant differential calculi .
Transmission of microwave spin waves through a microstructured magnonic crystal in the form of a permalloy waveguide of a periodically varying width was studied experimentally and theoretically .	The spin wave characteristics were measured by spatially-resolved Brillouin light scattering microscopy .
Testing in simulation allows a high degree of realism in the verification .	However , generating tests that cover both interesting foreseen and unforeseen scenarios in human-robot interaction ( HRI ) tasks , while executing most of the code , remains a challenge .
Methods for pose-normalized representations have been proposed , but generally presume bounding box annotations at test time due to the difficulty of object detection .	We propose a model for fine-grained categorization that overcomes these limitations by leveraging deep convolutional features computed on bottom-up region proposals .
The Coulomb barrier and electron screening cause difficulties in directly measuring nuclear reaction cross sections of charged particles in astrophysical energies .	The Trojan-horse method has been introduced to solve the difficulties as a powerful indirect tool .
This policy is quick to compute , its nonadaptive nature makes it easy to parallelize , and our bounds show it performs well even when compared with adaptive policies .	We also study an adaptive greedy policy , which maximizes the one-step expected reduction in entropy , and show that it performs at least as well as the dyadic policy , offering greater query efficiency but reduced parallelism .
Aliasing information is essential to every tool that needs to reason about the semantics of programs .	However , due to well-known undecidability results , for all interesting languages that admit aliasing , the exact solution of nontrivial aliasing problems is not generally computable .
The number of allowed brane tension values is related to the number of negative stationary points of the scalar bulk potential and , in the case of an oscillatory potential , the brane tension for which gravity is localized without singularities is quantized .	We also examine a resolution of the singularities , and find that fine-tuning is generically re-introduced at the singularities in order to retain a static solution .
Bowshocks develop as arc-shaped structures , with bows pointing to the same direction as the stellar velocity , while the star moves supersonically through the interstellar gas .	The piled-up shocked matter emits thermal radiation and a population of locally accelerated relativistic particles is expected to produce non-thermal emission over a wide range of energies .
16 of them are X-ray transients hosting a ~5-15 Msun BH and a Roche-lobe overflowing low-mass companion .	Companion masses are found mostly in 0.1-1 Msun mass range with peak at 0.6 Msun .
In this paper , however , we propose to go beyond these limitations by introducing high-performance numerical propagation schemes to compute the solution of the time-ordered evolution operator .	In addition to the direct Hamiltonian diagonalizations that can be efficiently performed using the new eigenvalue solver FEAST , we have designed a Gaussian propagation scheme and a basis transformed propagation scheme ( BTPS ) which allow to reduce considerably the simulation times needed by time intervals .
Here we consider two discrete-time versions of the EQP with parallel and backward-sequential update rules .	The phase diagram ( with respect to the arrival probability \alpha\ and the service probability \beta ) is divided into two phases corresponding to divergence and convergence of the system length .
At high string densities interaction between them should melt them into the quark-gluon plasma state .	It is shown that under certain assumptions about the the string interaction , a phase transition to the quark gluon plasma indeed takes place in the system of many colour strings .
The code considers synchrotron emission from an ordered magnetic field , and takes into account all light-travel-time and other relevant geometric effects , while the relevant synchrotron self-Compton and external Compton effects are taken care of with the 2D MCFP code .	We consider several possible mechanisms through which a relativistic shock propagating through the jet may affect the jet plasma to produce a synchrotron and high-energy flare .
The set of diagnoses can be reduced by taking into account extra observations ( passive monitoring ) , measuring additional variables ( probing ) or executing additional tests ( sequential diagnosis/test sequencing ) .	In this paper we combine the above approaches with techniques from Automated Test Pattern Generation ( ATPG ) and Model-Based Diagnosis ( MBD ) into a framework called FRACTAL ( FRamework for ACtive Testing ALgorithms ) .
In particular , we show that even when most of the cultural features have reached macroscopic consensus , there are still no signals of globalization .	Finally , we analyze the topology of consensus clusters both for global culture and at the feature level of representation .
We demonstrate that one hour of integration time with the Atacama Large Millimeter/sub-millimeter Array ( ALMA ) is sufficient to detect the fragments with masses as low as 1.5 M_Jup at orbital distances up to 800 AU from the protostar .	The ALMA resolution sets the limit on the minimum orbital distance of detectable fragments .
While the lower limit is consistent with relaxation exclusively through optical phonons , the upper limit suggests a significant role for magnetic excitations .	We observe a photoinduced bleaching of the gap excitation that we associate with phase space filling , and estimate the excluded area of the photoexcited state to be about nine copper oxide plaquettes .
We find that this void is entirely a cold spot on the microwave background , in contrast to a non-linear void .	On the last scattering surface ( LSS ) , it appears as either a hot or cold spot depending on where this surface cuts the void .
Such networks typically contain redundancy in servers , where several servers perform the same task and pleiotropy , where servers perform multiple tasks .	We explore this trade-off between pleiotropy versus redundancy on the cost versus reliability as a measure of the quality of the network .
We give a geometrical and physical interpretations for the { +1 , -1 } Yang monopole charges .	Lifting to eleven dimensions , we relate this Type IIA configuration with the heterotic M-theory one , given in hep-th/0607193 .
The deviation in the prompt photon yield for different PDF sets is within $ \pm $ 20 % when compared to CTEQ4M .	The diphoton measurement could be a potential candidate to constrain the gluon distribution inside the proton .
To ensure the correctness of network analysis methods , the network ( as the input ) has to be a sufficiently accurate representation of the underlying data .	However , when representing sequential data from complex systems such as global shipping traffic or web clickstream traffic as networks , conventional network representations that implicitly assume the Markov property ( first-order dependency ) can quickly become limiting .
We propose a very simple but realistic enough model which allows to include a large number of molecules in molecular dynamics MD simulations of these bilayers , but nevertheless taking into account molecular charge distributions , flexible amphiphilic molecules and a reliable model of water .	All these parameters are essential in a nanoscopic scale study of intermolecular and long range electrostatic interactions .
Immink and J.H .	Weber recently defined and studied a channel with both gain and offset mismatch , modelling the behaviour of charge-leakage in flash memory .
However , simple models that describe the main processes involved in tumoral dynamics , e.g. , competition and mutation , can give us clues about cancer behaviour , at least qualitatively , also allowing us to make predictions .	Here we analyze a simplified quasispecies mathematical model given by differential equations describing the time behaviour of tumor cells populations with different levels of genomic instability .
We formulate the Einstein field equations as a system of quasilinear first order partial differential equations , using scale-invariant variables .	The primary goal is to study the dynamics in the two asymptotic regimes , i.e.near the initial singularity and at late times .
It takes advantage of whatever parallel resources are available , but produces results exactly equivalent to standard serial execution .	In the initial burn-in phase of chain evaluation , it achieves speedup over serial evaluation that is close to linear in the number of available cores .
If the scale of the perturbation is smaller than the Fresnel scale $ \sim 100 { pc } ( f/ { mHz } ) ^ { -1/2 } $ ( $ f $ is the GW frequency ) , the GW is not magnified due to the diffraction effect .	The rms amplitude fluctuation is $ 1-10 % $ for $ f & gt ; 10^ { -10 } $ Hz , but it is reduced less than 5 % for a very low frequency of $ f & lt ; 10^ { -12 } $ Hz .
We report here the results of the first Chandra X-Ray Observatory observations of the globular cluster M28 ( NGC 6626 ) .	46 X-ray sources are detected , of which 12 lie within one core radius of the center .
A Gauss ' law type formula relates the mass , which is an integral at infinity , to an expression depending instead on the horizon radius .	This and other thermodynamic quantities , such as the free energy , are then analyzed in the limits of small and large horizon radius , yielding results that are independent of the detailed choice of Lovelock couplings .
Let O be its tiling space with canonical transversal X .	The tiling equivalence relation R_X is the set of pairs of tilings in X which are translates of each others , with a certain ( etale ) topology .
In this paper , we consider a constrained stochastic linear-quadratic ( LQ ) optimal control problem where the control is constrained in a closed cone .	The state process is governed by a controlled SDE with random coefficients .
Based on this property we argue that pure-Einstein ( super ) gravity and its high-dimensional generalizations are self-complete in deep-UV , but not in standard Wilsonian sense .	We suggest that certain strong-coupling limit of string theory is built-in in pure Einstein gravity , whereas the role of weakly-coupled string theory limit is to consistently couple gravity to other particle species , with their number being set by the inverse string coupling .
Our claim is that the likelihood ( or chi^2 ) to fit the data that is usually reported in such models does not account for the chi^2 cost of fixing the EW scale .	When this constraint is implemented , the likelihood ( or chi^2 ) receives a significant correction ( delta_chi^2 ) that worsens the current data fits of SUSY models .
We investigate electric properties of phosphorene nanoribbons based on the tight-binding model .	A prominent feature is the presence of quasi-flat edge bands entirely detached from the bulk band .
We introduce a computable measure for quantifying the quantum correlations in quantum-classical states , which is based on the non-commutativity of ensemble states in one party of the composite system .	Using this measure we show that the amount of quantum correlations produced , is proportional to the classical correlations in the initial state .
We evaluate these quantities in the context of the most general CP-conserving , R-parity-violating B-conserving extension of the minimal supersymmetric standard model .	In generic three-generation models , three sneutrino-antisneutrino mass splittings are generated at tree-level .
Zamolodchikov for the boundary energy and the relation between the parameters of the scattering amplitudes and of the perturbed CFT Hamiltonian .	In addition , we give a derivation of Zamolodchikov 's formulae .
They detect adverse beam conditions , facilitate beam tuning close to CMS , and measure the doses accumulated in different detector components .	Data are taken and analysed independently of the CMS data acquisition , displayed in the control room , and provide inputs to the trigger system and the LHC operators .
The HI absorption in 4C37.11 is unusual because it is the first case where such broad absorption is found to be centred on the systemic velocity of the host galaxy and not asymmetric and blueshifted as is seen in all other galaxies with broad HI absorption .	Given the large width of the absorption , we suggest that a possible explanation for the extreme properties of the HI absorption is that it is the kinematic signature of a binary black hole .
A new stellar disk forms subsequently and gradually in the remnant from the gas accreted mainly from the halo .	It is vertically thin and well extended in its equatorial plane .
ROSAT HRI images reveal the X-ray emission from LMC2 and the spur to be truly diffuse , indicating a hot plasma origin .	We have obtained ROSAT PSPC and ASCA SIS spectra to study the physical conditions of the hot gas interior to LMC2 and the spur .
Tunneling inhibition turns out to be effective only when the waveguide separation in the array is above a critical threshold .	Inclusion of a weak focusing nonlinearity is shown to improve localization .
The vector $ \bdB = \nabla q \times \nabla\theta $ satisfies the same type of stretching and folding equation as that for the vorticity field $ \bom $ in the incompressible Euler equations ( Gibbon & amp ; Holm , 2010 ) .	The quantity $ \theta $ may be chosen as the potential temperature for the stratified , rotating Euler/Navier-Stokes equations , or it may play the role of a seeded passive scalar for the Euler equations alone .
We find close quantitative agreement between experimental data and theory describing reactively coupled Duffing resonators with fully saturated feedback gain .	In the synchronized state we demonstrate a significant reduction in the phase noise of the oscillators , which is key for sensor and clock applications .
Exact analytical expressions are obtained for a mean growth velocity and for dispersion in length fluctuations .	It is found that the ATP hydrolysis has a strong effect on dynamic properties of single actin filaments .
Contrary to many other material systems , diamond exhibits a maximum $ g_ { \rm S , aS } ^ { ( 2 ) } ( 0 ) $ at very low pump powers , implying that the Stokes-induced aS photons outnumber the thermally generated aS photons .	On the other hand , the coincidence rate shows a quadratic plus cubic power dependence , which indicates a departure from the Stokes-induced anti-Stokes process .
We introduce a method of the double harmonic oscillator to formulate the hole theory of bosons .	Our formulation is also applicable to supersymmetric field theory .
Here a new approach is suggested for the calculation of the moments , that uses a change of variables that reduces the problem to an integration over a portion of the surface of an n-dimensional sphere .	This greatly simplifies the calculation by allowing a straightforward integration over ( n-1 ) independent variables , with the constraints on the set of p_i being automatically satisfied .
Motivated by the possibility of realizing such non-linear Bloch states experimentally , we analyze the collective excitations about these non-linear stationary states and thereby establish conditions for the system 's energetic and dynamical stability .	We find that there are regimes that are dynamically stable and thus apt to be realized experimentally .
Starting from a chiral nucleon-nucleon interaction at next-to-next-to-next-to-leading order , we compute the giant dipole resonances of 4He , 16,22O and 40Ca , truncating the coupled-cluster equation-of-motion method at the two-particle-two-hole excitation level .	Within this scheme , we find a low-lying E1 strength in the neutron-rich 22O nucleus , which compares fairly well with data from [ Leistenschneider et al.Phys.Rev.Lett .
Extending the single photon transmission distance is a basic requirement for the implementation of quantum communication on a global scale .	In this work we report the single photon exchange from a medium Earth orbit satellite ( MEO ) at more than 7000 km of slanted distance to the ground station at the Matera Laser Ranging Observatory .
Molybdenum disulfide ( MoS $ _2 $ ) is a promising material for making two-dimensional crystals and flexible electronic and optoelectronic devices at the nanoscale .	MoS $ _2 $ flakes can show high mobilities and have even been integrated in nanocircuits .
We demonstrate that depending on the source of irreversibility we obtain either the Curzon-Ahlborn efficiency for external dissipation or a universal efficiency at maximum power for internal dissipation .	A continuous change between these two extremes is evidenced .
This theory is believed to be a reasonable model when single-electron charging effects are negligible .	I derive three fundamental bounds for such quantum systems coupled to multiple macroscopic reservoirs , one of which may be superconducting .
In this work I study the problem of E/B-mode separation with binned cosmic shear two-point correlation function data .	Motivated by previous work on E/B-mode separation with shear two-point correlation functions and the practical considerations of data analysis , I consider E/B-mode estimators which are linear combinations of the binned shear correlation function data points .
Then the gluonic potential can be written by using the microscopic characters ; the gluon and ghost propagators in Landau gauge fixing .	To include effects of the quark back reaction , we calculate the gluon propagators in lattice QCD simulations with two-flavored dynamical quarks .
It is assumed that Alice and Bob share a secret key with limited rate .	Three scenarios are studied , in which the eavesdropper ranges from weak to strong in terms of the causal side information she has .
Moment estimation is an important problem during circuit validation , in both pre-Silicon and post-Silicon stages .	From the estimated moments , the probability of failure and parametric yield can be estimated at each circuit configuration and corner , and these metrics are used for design optimization and making product qualification decisions .
One-dimensional ( 1-D ) and 2-D spatial models , which simultaneously account for ( i ) the nonlinear coupled interaction of the THz and optical radiation , ( ii ) angular and material dispersion , ( iii ) absorption , iv ) self-phase modulation and ( v ) stimulated Raman scattering are presented .	We numerically show that the large experimentally observed cascaded frequency down-shift and spectral broadening ( cascading effects ) of the optical pump pulse is a direct consequence of THz generation .
We will consider two cases : the case of Shimura varieties associated with unitary groups that split over an unramified extension of $ \mathbb { Q } _p $ and the case of Siegel modular varieties .	We construct local models , i.e.simpler schemes which are \ ' { e } tale locally isomorphic to the integral models .
While this contribution has been detected in the temperature-polarization cross power spectrum measured with WMAP data , due to the large cosmic variance associated with anisotropy measurements at tens of degree angular scales only limited information related to reionization , such as the optical depth to electron scattering , can be extracted .	The inhomogeneities in the free-electron population lead to an additional secondary polarization anisotropy contribution at arcminute scales .
This paper presents a theoretical formulation for the nonlinear noise spectra .	We pay special attention to maintain gauge invariance at the nonlinear level .
We show how to construct states corresponding to the fusion channel degrees of freedom and obtain the energy gaps characterizing the stability of the topological low energy spectrum .	To study the collective behavior of many vortices , we introduce an effective lattice model of Majorana fermions .
The task is to find an approximate top-k set that is close to the exact one while keeping the total processing cost low .	The cost of a query is the sum of the costs of the entries that are read from the hidden relation .
Initially , the two black holes are far away from each other , and they become one black hole after the collision .	We have obtained the upper bound of the radiation energy thermodynamically allowed in the process .
We examine the duty cycle and the history of star formation ( SFH ) for high-redshift galaxies at z & gt ; =6 using cosmological hydrodynamic simulations .	We find that , even though individual galaxies have bursty SFH , the averaged SFH between z~15 to z=6 can be characterized well by either an exponentially increasing functional form with characteristic time-scales of 70 Myr to 200 Myr for galaxies with stellar masses Ms~10^6 Msun to & gt ; 10^10 Msun respectively , or by a simple power-law form which exhibits a similar mass dependent time-scales .
Both decays can proceed through intermediate states of hidden strangeness , e.g.K , K* , which we estimate in this paper .	These contributions can explain the experimental value for the Ds+ -- & gt ; omega pi+ decay rate , which no longer can be viewed as a clean signature of the annihilation decay of Ds+ .
In this MDI protocol the measurement device is the satellite itself , and the security of the protocol is analyzed through an equivalent entanglement-based swapping scheme .	We quantify the positive impact the fading channels can have on the final quantum key rates , demonstrating how the protocol is able to generate a positive key rate even over high-loss atmospheric channels .
A ( perturbative ) AdS black hole in such theory is constructed in the next-to-leading order of the AdS/CFT correspondence .	The surface counterterms are fixed by the conditions required for a well-defined variational procedure and the finiteness of AdS space ( when the brane goes to infinity ) .
We develop a new approach for controllable single-photon transport between two remote one-dimensional coupled-cavity arrays , used as quantum registers , mediated by an additional one-dimensional coupled-cavity array , acting as a quantum channel .	A single two-level atom located inside one cavity of the intermediate channel is used to control the long-range coherent quantum coupling between two remote registers , thereby functioning as a quantum switch .
A multi-variate linear Langevin model , which includes dynamics with memory , is used as a treatable example to show how the usual relations are recovered only in particular cases .	This study brings to the fore the ambiguities of a check of the FDR done without knowing the significant degrees of freedom and their coupling .
To store the information necessary for random access , we suggest 10 bytes per triangle and 14 bytes per tetrahedron .	We present algorithms that compute the parent , children , and face-neighbors of a mesh element in constant time , as well as the next and previous element in the space-filling curve and whether a given element is on the boundary of the root simplex or not .
Using electronic structure calculations we uncover the crucial role of electronic excited states in nonradiative recombination processes .	The impact is elucidated with examples for the group-III nitrides , for which accumulating experimental evidence indicates that defect-assisted recombination limits efficiency .
They play an important role in regression diagnostics , in determining the performance limits in estimation and prediction problems , and in shrinkage parameter selection in many popular regularized regression methods for high-dimensional data analysis .	We propose new estimators for the residual variance , the l2-signal strength , and the signal-to-noise ratio that are consistent and asymptotically normal in high-dimensional linear models with Gaussian predictors and errors , where the number of predictors d is proportional to the number of observations n. Existing results on residual variance estimation in high-dimensional linear models depend on sparsity in the underlying signal .
Also an example using measured data for a real galaxy is shown for NGC 3198 .	A new format is presented to show results in dimensionless form , that includes a way to show SMD results so they are easily compared .
Generically , we find an axino mass of order $ m_ { 3/2 } $ .	Such masses are constrained by the requirement of an axino decay which occurs before the decoupling of the ordinary LSP .
Multiple coherent scattering by the double-barrier structure strongly modulates the transmission probability of phonons , rendering it very sensitive to their frequency .	As a result , resonant tunneling occurs with high probability within a few narrow frequency intervals .
Audio fingerprinting , also named as audio hashing , has been well-known as a powerful technique to perform audio identification and synchronization .	It basically involves two major steps : fingerprint ( voice pattern ) design and matching search .
Based on the formalism developed by Psarobas et al [ Phys.Rev .	B 62 , 278 ( 2000 ) ] , which using the multiple scattering theory to calculate properties of simple phononic crystals , we propose a very simple method to study the NaCl-type phononic crystal .
Our analysis includes constraints from collider observables , precision electroweak tests , flavor physics , and electric dipole moments .	We find that indirect probes are competitive or dominant for both CP-even and CP-odd observables , even after accounting for uncertainties associated with hadronic and nuclear matrix elements , illustrating the importance of including operator mixing in constraining the Standard Model Effective Field Theory .
In this Letter , we investigate such a lattice model originating from the Hofstadter model and demonstrate that the band topology transitions can be realized by simply introducing tunable longer-range hopping .	The rich phase diagram of band Chern numbers is obtained for the simple rational flux density and a classification of phases is presented .
With 3 cryomodules installed this facility will initially be capable of generating an 810 MeV electron beam with ILC beam intensity .	The facility can accommodate up to 6 cryomodules for a total beam energy of 1.5 GeV .
Here , we discuss the sensitivity and present a way to avoid it by choosing the spatial form of the pushing force in an optimal way .	We also analyse the effect of imperfections in a pair of pi pulses which are used to implement a `` spin-echo '' to cancel correlated errors .
On the other hand , disk mass loss has conventionally been attributed to photoevaporation , where external heating on the disk surface drives a thermal wind .	We unify the two scenarios by developing a 1D model of magnetized disk winds with a simple treatment of thermodynamics as a proxy for external heating .
More precisely , our aggregation procedure will provide a sequence of state space partitions such that on an appropriate aggregation level certain properties ( see Properties 1 -- 4 of the Introduction ) are fulfilled .	Roughly speaking , this will be the case for the finest aggregation such that transitions back to an already visited ( meta- ) state are very unlikely within a moderate time frame .
The behavior of a quantum system depends on how it is measured .	How much of what is observed comes from the structure of the quantum system itself and how much from the observer 's choice of measurement ?
Such a material is referred by us as a `` chiral nihility '' .	It is shown that this exotic material can be realized as a mixture of small helical inclusions .
By comparing our data to a model of M33 based upon its HI rotation curve , we find that the stellar disk is offset in velocity by ~ 25km/s from the HI disk , consistent with the warping which exists between these components .	The spectroscopic metallicity of the halo component is [ Fe/H ] ~ -1.5 , significantly more metal-poor than the implied metallicity of the disk population ( [ Fe/H ] ~ -0.9 ) , which also has a broader colour dispersion than the halo population .
Contents : 1 .	Combinatorial and model-theoretical principles related to regularity of ultrafilters and compactness of topological spaces , I ; 2 .
Using this equation , we can show height and boundary gradient estimates .	Finally , we solve the Dirichlet problem for graphs of prescribed weighted mean curvature .
In that scenario Einstein gravity was assumed .	The theory displays a wavelength-dependent speed of light but by transforming to a suitable `` rainbow frame '' this feature can be removed , at the expense of modifying gravity .
Here we demonstrate ultrafast dynamical tuning of resonance in the terahertz ( THz ) frequency range in YBa_2Cu_3O_7-\delta ( YBCO ) split-ring resonator arrays excited by near-infrared femtosecond laser pulses .	The photoexcitation breaks the superconducting Cooper pairs to create the quasiparticle state .
We performed surface photometry of NGC 7457 and compared the galaxy 's surface brightness profile with the surface density profile of the GC system .	The profiles have similar shapes in the inner 1 arcminute ( 3.9 kpc ) , but the GC system profile appears to flatten relative to the galaxy light at larger radii .
For uncorrelated forces one finds three universality classes , corresponding to the three extreme value statistics , Gumbel , Weibull , and Frechet .	For each class we obtain analytically the universal function Delta ( u ) , the corrections to the critical force , and the joint probability distribution of avalanche sizes s and waiting times w. We find P ( s ) =P ( w ) for all three cases .
We use the so-called { \em flatness approach } , which consists in parameterizing the solution and the control by the derivatives of a `` flat output '' .	This provides an explicit control law achieving the exact steering to zero .
Here , we show that the intensity distribution can also be dramatically distorted when objects of large extension or of special shapes are imaged .	We illustrate the problem using two simple examples : the pinhole camera and the aberration-free thin lens .
The radiation damage of a stationary Ti6Al4V target in units of displacements per atom ( dpa ) has been estimated for photons from an undulator with strength 0.92 and period 1.15 cm .	The calculated damage is 7 dpa .
The obtained results are shown to be thermodynamically consistent if the dc conductivity of the plate material is disregarded .	With inclusion of dc conductivity , both the standard Lifshitz theory ( for all dielectrics ) and its generalization taking into account screening effects ( for a wide range of dielectrics ) violate the Nernst heat theorem .
I modelled the 14 \AA - 37 $ \mu $ m SED of the recurrent symbiotic nova RS Oph during its supersoft source ( SSS ) phase and the following quiescent phase .	During the SSS phase , the model SEDs revealed the presence of a strong stellar and nebular component of radiation in the spectrum .
Moreover , we investigate the position-dependent coupling of one and two atoms by shuttling them through the cavity mode .	We demonstrate an alternative method , which suppresses heating effects , to analyze the atom-field interaction by retrieving the atom from the cavity and by measuring its final state .
In the local structure determined by PDF analysis , two types of MnO $ _6 $ octahedra with long and short atomic distances between Mn and O atoms exist and their Mn-O distances are almost consistent with the distances in the charge ordered phase .	From these results , valence electrons are localized at Mn sites like a glass even in the cubic phase , resulting in the non-metallic electrical conductivity .
The model considered in this work has the same universality class of critical behavior of the XX chain with central charge c=1 .	By using the correlation matrix method , we also study the finite-size corrections of the Renyi entropy of the ground state and of the excited states .
In this paper , we first introduce probabilistic automata and probabilistic grammars for computing with ( some special ) words in a probabilistic framework , where the words are interpreted as probabilistic distributions or possibility distributions over a set of crisp symbols .	By probabilistic conditioning , we then establish a retraction principle from computing with words to computing with values for handling crisp inputs and a generalized extension principle from computing with words to computing with all words for handling arbitrary inputs .
Let $ \ { C_i : i=1 , \ldots , r\ } $ be a set of irreducible plane curve singularities .	For an action of a finite group $ G $ , let $ \Delta^ { L } ( \ { t_ { a i } \ } ) $ be the Alexander polynomial in $ r\vert G\vert $ variables of the algebraic link $ ( \bigcup\limits_ { i=1 } ^ { r } \bigcup\limits_ { a\in G } a C_i ) \cap S^3_ { \varepsilon } $ and let $ \zeta ( t_1 , \ldots , t_r ) = \Delta^ { L } ( t_1 , \ldots , t_1 , t_2 , \ldots , t_2 , \ldots , t_r , \ldots , t_r ) $ with $ \vert G\vert $ identical variables in each group .
The approach is demonstrated on ice bicrystals .	Crystallographic orientation is measured for each ice sample .
Let $ ( \Sigma_1 , g_1 ) $ and $ ( \Sigma_2 , g_2 ) $ be connected , complete and orientable Riemannian two manifolds .	Consider the two canonical K\ '' ahler structures $ ( G^ { \epsilon } , J , \Omega^ { \epsilon } ) $ on the product 4-manifold $ \Sigma_1\times\Sigma_2 $ given by $ G^ { \epsilon } =g_1\oplus \epsilon g_2 $ , $ \epsilon=\pm 1 $ and $ J $ is the canonical product complex structure .
The proposed forecasting scheme has two tiers : long-term demand/generation forecaster which is based on Maximum-Likelihood Estimator ( MLE ) and real-time demand/generation forecaster which is based on Auto-Regressive Integrated Moving-Average ( ARIMA ) model .	The paper also shows that how bulk generation improves the adequacy of proposed residential system by canceling-out the forecasters estimation errors which are in the form of Gaussian White noises .
However 3-d SQF surfaces are rougher than ME ones due to a larger prefactor .	ME surfaces undergo a `` weakly rough '' to `` algebraically rough '' transition in 3-d , suggesting a similar behavior in fracture .
With the simple geometry of a stepped polymer film on a substrate , we probe mobility above and below the glass transition temperature $ T_ { \textrm { g } } $ .	Above $ T_ { \textrm { g } } $ the entire film flows , while below $ T_ { \textrm { g } } $ only the near surface region responds to the excess interfacial energy .
The $ Fermi $ -LAT has revealed that rotation powered millisecond pulsars ( MSPs ) are a major contributor to the Galactic $ \gamma $ -ray source population .	Such pulsars may also be important in modeling the quiescent state of several low mass X-ray binaries ( LMXBs ) , where optical observations of the companion star suggest the possible existence of rotation powered MSPs .
In the present article , however , we introduce a new quantization rule by which these quantities are regarded as operators in addition to the position and the momentum .	Applying this new rule to a scalar particle and to a particle with spin $ 1/2 $ , we analyze the time evolution of the operator $ \tau $ .
We argue that by taking into account the local gravitational potential at the position of the observer this tension - strengthened by the recent Planck results - is partially relieved and the concordance of the standard model of cosmology increased .	We estimate that measurements of the local Hubble constant are subject to a cosmic variance of about 2.4 % ( limiting the local sample to redshifts z & gt ; 0.010 ) or 1.3 % ( limiting it to z & gt ; 0.023 ) , a more significant correction than that taken into account already .
The prospects offered by positron annihilation as a sensitive method to access nanocrystal ( NC ) properties are described and compared with other experimental methods .	The tunability of the electronic structure of nanocrystals underlies their great potential for application in many areas .
Intensive investigations of freeze-out criteria in a hot and dense fireball provide important information regarding particle emission from the fireball .	A systematic comparison of these proposals is presented here in the framework of a thermodynamically consistent excluded volume model which has been found to describe the properties of hadron gas ( HG ) quite well .
They include computing matrix elements and form factors for strong and non-leptonic weak processes with at most six external states .	It was used to compute some novel processes and was tested against well-known results by the original authors .
Our observations , combined with previous photometry from 2MASS , WISE , and SCUBA-2 , enabled us to construct SEDs with extended wavelength coverage .	Using sophisticated radiative transfer models , we analyzed the observed SEDs of the five detected objects with a hybrid fitting strategy that combines the model grids and the simulated annealing algorithm and evaluated the constraints on the disk properties via the Bayesian inference method .
Photometric and spectroscopic results for the contact binary GSC 01387-00475 ( ASAS 083128+1953.1 ) are presented .	The existence of this binary with the orbital period of P = 0.2178 d strengthens the argument that the cut-off of the period distribution for contact binaries - until now defined by CC Comae - is very sharp .
Whereas different models can predict a wide range of neutron star radii , it is not possible for most models to predict radii that are smaller than about 10 km , thus if such small radii are established in the future they will be very difficult to reconcile with model estimates .	By invoking a new term in the equation of state that enhances the energy density , but leaves the pressure unchanged we simulate the current uncertainty in the neutron star radii .
We observe that { \L } { \mu } terms , with $ n $ variables , define monotone piecewise linear functions from $ [ 0 , 1 ] ^n $ to $ [ 0 , 1 ] $ .	Two effective procedures for calculating the output of { \L } { \mu } terms on rational inputs are presented .
This implies that the maximal age of the stellar population at z~6 , for a Salpeter initial mass function , and a single , passively evolving burst , must be & lt ; 100 Myr .	If the stars in z~6 galaxies are remnants of the star-formation that was responsible for ionizing the intergalactic medium , reionization must have been a brief process that was completed at z & lt ; 7 .
We also find exact solutions to the sexually transmitted disease SI epidemic on bipartite graphs , to a simplified rumor spreading model , and to a new model for recommendation spreading , via similar techniques .	Numerical simulations of these processes on scale free networks demonstrate the qualitative validity of mean field theory in most regimes .
We present a series of evidence in support of such a scenario based on the calculated magnetic properties including uniform spin susceptibility , spin-lattice and spin-echo relaxation rates , which consistently show that strong spin correlations start to develop upon entering the UPP , being enhanced around the momentum ( \pi , \pi ) while suppressed around ( 0 , 0 ) .	The phase diagram in the parameter space of doping concentration , temperature , and external magnetic field , is obtained based on the the bosonic RVB theory .
Under an average power constraint at each source , the sum-capacity of the C-MAC and the power policy that achieves this capacity is developed .	The conditions defining the classes of strong and very strong ergodic IFCs are presented and the multicast sum-capacity is shown to be tight for both classes .
S.A.T.E.P .	means Synchronous Asynchronous Tele education Platform is a software application for educational purposes , with a lot of parametrizing features written entirely from scratch .
We use the first data release of the 2-degree Field Quasar survey to investigate the effect of gravitational magnification by foreground absorbing systems on background quasars .	We select two populations of quasars from this sample : one with strong MgII/FeII absorbers and one without .
The restrictions are found on the asymptotic form of metric in the vicinity of non-extremal , extremal and ultra-extremal horizons , imposed by the conditions of regularity of increasing strength : boundedness on the horizon of the Ricci scalar , of scalar quadratic curvature invariants , and of the components of the curvature tensor in the tetrad attached to a falling observer .	We show , in particular , that boundedness of the Ricci scalar implies the `` rigidity '' of the horizon 's rotation in all cases , while the finiteness of quadratic invariants leads to the constancy of the surface gravity .
A direct computation of the average force per unit surface yields , at large distance , the usual form of the Casimir force in the classical limit ( up to a factor 2 due to the fact that the model does not incorporate the magnetic part of the force ) .	Universality originates from perfect screening sum rules obeyed by the microscopic charge correlations in conductors .
The FWM dependence of the self-consistent results is stronger than that previously found in non-self-consistent calculations , since , in the self-consistent case , the effective scattering potential near the interface depends on the FWM .	The dependence on interfacial scattering is monotonic .
Here , using video microscopy and holographic optical tweezers , we show that dynamical facilitation in a colloidal glass-forming liquid unambiguously grows with density as well as the fraction of pinned particles .	In addition , we show that heterogeneous dynamics in the form of string-like cooperative motion , which is believed to be consistent with RFOT , emerges naturally within the framework of facilitation .
A ( 1 + eps ) -approximate distance oracle for a graph is a data structure that supports approximate point-to-point shortest-path-distance queries .	The most relevant measures for a distance-oracle construction are : space , query time , and preprocessing time .
We propose a strategy to search for bulk motions in the intracluster medium ( ICM ) of merging clusters based on { \sl Chandra } CCD data .	Our goal is to derive robust measurements of the average redshift of projected ICM regions obtained from the centroid of the $ K_\alpha $ line emission .
These two effects can be used to control the carrier concentration in-situ .	Our finding opens the possibility of studying the electronic properties of the cuprates as a function of doping across the phase diagram on the same piece of sample ( i.e.with the same impurities and defects ) .
In particular , we provide an explicit expression for the diagonal representation of a generic Hamiltonian to the second order in the Planck constant .	This last result is applied , as a physical illustration , to Dirac electrons and neutrinos in external fields .
That is a validation of the correctness in definition of the general solution representation via the Dunford-Cauchy formula .	Such approach allows us to reduce the given existence problem to the problem of locating zeros of a certain entire function .
In longitudinal data we also expect within and between subject dependence .	Time series and longitudinal data , although analyzed differently , are often plotted using similar displays .
The external drivers considered include external magnetic forces to effect flux surface displacements , as well as non-axisymmetric ion heating .	Finally , the damping of these modes from collisional magnetic pumping is investigated using a model set of CGL collision-corrected equations .
We first consider a single-cell scenario and derive a closed-form expression for the USP , which helps reveal the impacts of various parameters , such as the file popularity distribution .	More specifically , for a highly concentrated file popularity distribution , the required cache size is independent of the total number of files , while for a less concentrated file popularity distribution , the required cache size is in linear relation to the total number of files .
This paper presents a new macrospin-based , comprehensive and compact MTJ STO model , which can be used for various MTJ STOs to estimate the performance of MTJ STOs together with their application-specific integrated circuits .	To adequately present the complete model , this paper is divided into two parts .
Measurement of these astrometric shifts offers a unique and direct method to measure the mass of Proxima .	Moreover , if Proxima has a planetary system , the planets may be detectable through their additional microlensing signals , although the probability of such detections is small .
Given such an information set , a dominating manipulation is a non-truthful vote that the manipulator can cast which makes the winner at least as preferable ( and sometimes more preferable ) as the winner when the manipulator votes truthfully .	When the manipulator has full information , computing whether or not there exists a dominating manipulation is in P for many common voting rules ( by known results ) .
Accurate determinations of the SCF contribution to the conductivity versus temperature and magnetic field have been achieved .	They can be accounted for by thermal fluctuations following the Ginzburg-Landau scheme for nearly optimally doped samples .
We investigate the form of the momentum distribution function for protons and electrons in an advection-dominated accretion flow ( ADAF ) .	We show that for all accretion rates , Coulomb collisions are too inefficient to thermalize the protons .
One of the basic peoblems of quantum cosmology is the problem of time .	Various solutions have been proposed for this problem .
First directions in this regard can be found naturally in the simple Mathematics of Special Relativity , the Bell Inequalities in Quantum Mechanics , or in the considerable amount of elementary Mathematics in finite dimensional vector spaces which occurs in Quantum Computation .	The large classes of algebras of scalars suggested , which contain $ \mathbb { R } $ and $ \mathbb { C } $ as particular cases , have the important feature of typically { \it no longer } being Archimedean , see Appendix , a feature which can prove to be valuable when dealing with the so called `` infinities '' in Physics .
Monte Carlo simulations have been used to study a vortex-free XY ferromagnet with a random field or a random anisotropy on simple cubic lattices .	In the random field case , which can be related to a charge-density wave pinned by random point defects , it is found that long-range order is destroyed even for weak randomness .
Specifically , we use the Gnedenko-Pickands-Balkema-de Haan theorem , which gives a natural limit law for peak-over-threshold values in the form of the Generalized Pareto Distribution ( GPD ) .	Useful in finance , insurance , hydrology , we investigate here the earthquake energy distribution described by the Gutenberg-Richter seismic moment-frequency law and analyze shallow earthquakes ( depth h & lt ; 70 km ) in the Harvard catalog over the period 1977-2000 in 18 seismic zones .
We examined the responses of 32,423 expressed sequences to drought and to abscisic acid and selected 145 co-expressed transcripts .	We characterized their regulatory relationships in nine kinetic studies based on different hormones .
For these schemes the expressions for transition probabilities between $ d , s , b $ quarks are obtained .	The analysis of situation with the quark mixing parameters in these schemes is fulfilled .
An instance of the problem on a set of embedded sources and a sink asks for a directed tree $ T $ spanning these nodes and a bounded number of Steiner points , such that $ \displaystyle\sum_ { e \in E ( T ) } f ( e ) |e|^2 $ is a minimum , where $ f ( e ) $ is the flow on edge $ e $ .	The edges are uncapacitated and the flows are determined additively , i.e. , the flow on an edge leaving a node $ u $ will be the sum of the flows on all edges entering $ u $ .
The aim of the project was to develop a HMI ( Human-Machine Interface ) with the help of which a person could remotely control and monitor the Vacuum measurement system .	The Vacuum measurement system was constructed using a DAQ ( Data Acquisition & amp ; Control ) implementation instead of a PLC based implementation because of the cost involvement and complexity involved in deployment when only one basic parameter i.e.vacuum is required to be measured .
C 78 ( 2008 ) 044327 ] .	We analyze the properties of the non-diagonal matrix elements with the help of the one-particle and two-particle coefficients of fractional parentage ( cfp 's ) .
We take account of processes that ( 1 ) the lattice distortion directly modulates the $ 5d $ states and ( 2 ) the charge anisotropy of the quadrupole ordering $ 4f $ states modulates the $ 5d $ states through the $ 5d $ - $ 4f $ Coulomb interaction .	Both processes give rise to the RXS intensities on $ ( 00\frac { \ell } { 2 } ) $ and $ ( h0\frac { \ell } { 2 } ) $ spots .
Upper bounds for $ \lambda ( G ) $ appear in the study of various problems on finite , residually finite , and profinite groups .	We prove that $ \lambda ( G ) $ is bounded in terms of the maximum $ 2 $ -length of soluble subgroups of $ G $ , and that $ \lambda ( G ) $ is bounded by the maximum Fitting height of soluble subgroups .
The debate whether or not the disk around beta Pictoris contains gaseous molecular hydrogen is only the most recent example .	Since CO is in general a poor tracer for the gas content of these low mass disks , we discuss here detailed emission line calculations for alternative tracers like C and C+ , based on recent optically thin disk models by Kamp & amp ; van Zadelhoff ( 2001 ) .
A diagrammatic expansion up to second-order in the coupling strength , taking into account co-tunneling processes , allows for a study of transport in a regime relevant to many experiments .	As an example , we consider a single-level quantum dot , focusing on the Coulomb-blockade regime .
We demonstrate a complete factorization of couplings at next-to-leading order in both the partial width of the W ' boson , and in the full two-to-two cross section .	We provide numerical predictions for the contribution of a W ' boson to single-top-quark production , and separate results based on whether the mass of the right-handed neutrino ( nu_R ) is light enough for the leptonic decay channel to be open .
This indicates that the SDW order is the result of the development of pair density wave ( PDW ) order in the superconducting phase that coexists with d-wave superconductivity .	Here we develop a phenomenological theory for these coexisting orders .
The deformation gradient is introduced to decouple the subtle coupling between the flow and the magnetic field .	The $ L^1 $ dissipation for the velocity is obtained , and the $ L^2 $ dissipations for the density and the magnetic field are also achieved .
We reformulate the Matrix theory of D-particles in a manifestly Lorentz-covariant fashion in the sense of 11 dimesnional flat Minkowski space-time , from the viewpoint of the so-called DLCQ interpretation of the light-front Matrix theory .	The theory is characterized by various symmetry properties including higher gauge symmetries , which contain the usual SU ( $ N $ ) symmetry as a special case and are extended from the structure naturally appearing in association with a discretized version of Nambu 's 3-bracket .
The active cloak is achieved for a coated inclusion in the presence of membrane and flexural waves .	In this paper , we investigate the design of an active cloak for a coated inclusion in three frequency regimes : the very low frequency ( monopole dominated ) range , the intermediate range , and the higher frequency range in which scattering resonances occur .
We prove that as a consequence of causality the neutrino-induced phase shift of subhorizon tensor oscillations tends on small scales to zero .	For the tensor modes that reenter the horizon in the radiation era after neutrino decoupling we calculate the neutrino suppression factor as 1-5rho_nu/9rho+O [ ( rho_nu/rho ) ^2 ] .
Such operators would originate at high scales where quarks and leptons experience a new strong interaction , but no unbroken technicolor interaction is required .	The breakdown of both the new gauge symmetry and electroweak gauge symmetry is associated with a dynamical TeV mass for fourth family quarks .
Furthermore , we demonstrate that the DAW can propagate as a twisted vortex beam carrying OAM .	A twisted DA vortex structure can trap and transport dust particles in dusty plasmas .
Kadison and I.M .	Singer asked whether each pure state of the algebra of bounded diagonal operators on $ \ell^2 $ , admits a unique state extension to $ B ( \ell^2 ) $ .
Device-to-Device ( D2D ) communication has been recognized as a promising technique to offload the traffic for the evolved Node B ( eNB ) .	However , the D2D transmission as an underlay causes severe interference to both the cellular and other D2D links , which imposes a great technical challenge to radio resource allocation .
The probe Hamiltonian is proportional to the current , and is determined self-consistently for a model of a quantum dot .	Then it turns out that the quantum master equation for the spin-precession contains the counting terms .
Photonic `` robots '' could have uncountable applications .	However , if the complexity of light-activated devices increases , structural disorder unavoidably occurs and , correspondingly , light scattering , diffusion and localization .
The fractional part is the dark part ( we call is dark variable ) with a continuous distribution , which is , of course , not observed in the experiments .	It is proved that the Bose distribution is infinitely divisible , and the irreducible decomposition of it is given .
We derive the conditions for existence of a more general adiabatic-transfer state which includes transient contributions from the intermediate states but still transfers the population from state $ \state { i } $ to state $ \state { f } $ in the adiabatic limit .	We present various numerical examples for success and failure of multi- $ \Lambda $ STIRAP which illustrate the analytic predictions .
The moments of the neutrino distribution function and the energy and lepton number exchange with the stellar medium are determined by iteratively solving the zeroth and first order moment equations in combination with a model Boltzmann equation .	The latter is discretized on a grid of tangent rays .
By varying the strength of the four-fermion coupling of the NJL model , we study the mass and the radius of the quark star as a function of the value of the gap parameter .	If the coupling constant exceeds a critical value , the gap parameter does not vanish even at zero density .
Superconductivity was recently observed in the iron-arsenic-based compounds with a superconducting transition temperature ( Tc ) as high as 56K [ 1-7 ] , naturally raising comparisons with the high Tc copper oxides .	The copper oxides have layered crystal structures with quasi-two-dimensional electronic properties , which led to speculations that reduced dimensionality ( that is , extreme anisotropy ) is a necessary prerequisite for superconductivity at temperatures above 40 K [ 8,9 ] .
So this is by far the deepest J and Ks datasets available for the ECDFS .	To combine the TENIS with the Spitzer IRAC data for obtaining better spectral energy distributions of high-redshift objects , we developed a novel deconvolution technique ( IRACLEAN ) to accurately estimate the IRAC fluxes .
We have calculated the complete electroweak O ( alpha ) radiative corrections to the single Higgs-boson production processes e+ e- -- & gt ; nu_l anti-nu_l H ( l=e , mu , tau ) in the electroweak Standard Model .	Initial-state radiation beyond O ( alpha ) is included in the structure-function approach .
We observed MS 1054-0321 , the highest redshift cluster of galaxies in the Einstein Medium Sensitivity Survey ( EMSS ) , with the Chandra ACIS-S detector .	We find the X-ray temperature of the cluster to be 10.4^ { +1.7 } _ { -1.5 } keV , slightly lower than that inferred previously and in agreement with the observed velocity dispersion and that found from weak lensing .
We find that the upstream magnetic field can be amplified by large factors and show that this amplification depends strongly on the ambient Alfven Mach number .	We also show that in the nonlinear model large increases in the magnetic field do not necessarily translate into a large increase in the maximum particle momentum a particular shock can produce , a consequence of high momentum particles diffusing in the shock precursor where the large amplified field converges to the low ambient value .
Nine of the most important estimators known for the two-point correlation function are compared using a predetermined , rigorous criterion .	The indicators were extracted from over 500 subsamples of the Virgo Hubble Volume simulation cluster catalog .
The approach to degeneracy can be reproduced from a nonsingular discretised half-line quantum theory by tuning a boundary condition parameter .	The results show that Thiemann 's singularity avoidance prescription and the discretised half-line boundary condition reproduce quantitatively correct features of the singular limit spectrum apart from the lowest few eigenvalues .
The window plays the central role in tackling the problem of photon localization .	It is possible to make a transition from light waves to photons through the window .
We prove several facts concerning Lipschitz percolation , including the following .	The critical probability p_L for the existence of an open Lipschitz surface in site percolation on Z^d with d\ge 2 satisfies the improved bound p_L \le 1-1/ [ 8 ( d-1 ) ] .
Particle streams interacting with the gas far out within the Hill sphere of the protoplanet spiral into a prograde circumplanetary disc .	Material is accreted onto the protoplanet due to stirring by the turbulent surroundings .
Electronic Coulomb excitations in monolayer silicene are investigated by using the Lindhard dielectric function and a newly developed generalized tight-binding model ( G-TBM ) .	G-TBM simultaneously contains the atomic interactions , the spin-orbit coupling , the Coulomb interactions , and the various external fields at an arbitrary chemical potential .
In this paper we have investigated some old issues concerning four color map problem .	We have given a general method for constructing counter-examples to Kempe 's proof of the four color theorem and then show that all counterexamples can be rule out by re-constructing special 2-colored two paths decomposition in the form of a double-spiral chain of the maximal planar graph .
Postgraduate taught degrees in financial mathematics have been booming in popularity in the UK for the last 20 years .	The fees for these courses are considerably higher than other comparable masters-level courses.Why ?
This paper describes a new model for presenting local information based on the network proximity .	We present a novelty mobile mashup which combines Wi-Fi proximity measurements with QR-codes .
We present a sensitive search for the ^3P_1- & gt ; ^3P_0 ground state fine structure line at 205 microns of ionized nitrogen ( [ NII ] ) in one of the highest redshift quasars ( J1148+5251 at z=6.42 ) using the IRAM 30m telescope .	The line is not detected at a ( 3 sigma ) depth of 0.47 Jy km s^-1 , corresponding to a [ NII ] luminosity limit of L_ [ NII ] & lt ; 4.0x10^8 L_sun and a L_ [ NII ] /L $ _FIR ratio of & lt ; 2x10^-5 .
From the properties of Gauss Bonnet invariant it is successful to consider only two curvature invariants between the Ricci and Riemann tensor .	Then we analyze the dynamics of photon embedded in a gravitational field of a generic $ f ( R , R_ { \alpha\beta } R^ { \alpha\beta } ) $ -Gravity .
The non field aligned flow results in novel configurations with a single magnetic axis , toroidal shell configurations in which the plasma is confined within a couple of magnetic surfaces and double shell-like configurations .	In addition , the flow affects the elongation and triangularity of the magnetic surfaces .
We perform molecular dynamics ( MD ) simulations of the crystallization process in binary Lennard-Jones systems during heating and cooling to investigate atomic-scale crystallization kinetics in glass-forming materials .	For the cooling protocol , we prepared equilibrated liquids above the liquidus temperature $ T_l $ and cooled each sample to zero temperature at rate $ R_c $ .
From the free-energy landscape , we analyze the adsorption process , using a simplified version of Langevin dynamics .	The present result is a first step to understand the time-dependent behavior of colloids near interfaces .
We then use this general method to develop an algorithm to be used on networks which have causal structure allowing them to be embedded in Lorentzian manifolds .	The method is demonstrated by calculating embeddings for both causal sets and citation networks in Minkowski spacetime .
One is a vector which represents the velocity of the centre of mass .	The second is a traceless symmetric tensor representing deformation .
It is furthermore demonstrated that this constraint prevents the soliton from collapsing when scalar fields are allowed to be space dependent .	In this scheme the scalar fields actually vanish at the origin reflecting a partial restoration of chiral symmetry .
A result due to Bateman and Volberg \cite { BV } shows that a lower estimate for this Favard length is $ c \frac { \log n } { n } $ .	We may bend the needle at each stage , giving us what we will call a noodle , and ask whether the uniform lower estimate $ c \frac { \log n } { n } $ still holds for these so-called Buffon noodle probabilities .
We obtain basis sets of improving accuracy up to the complete basis set limit and demonstrate that the performance of the basis sets transfers to simulations of larger nanoparticles and nanoalloys as well as to calculations with various exchange-correlation functionals .	This work promotes the use of the local basis set approach of controllable accuracy in first-principles nanoplasmonics simulations and beyond .
Precision comparisons of different atomic frequency standards over a period of a few years can be used for a sensitive search for temporal variations of fundamental constants .	We present recent frequency measurements of the 688 THz transition in the $ ^ { 171 } $ Yb $ ^+ $ ion .
To model the chemistry in this source , the gas-grain chemical code Nautilus has been used with an extended deuterium network .	For the protostellar envelope , we solve the chemical reaction network in infalling fluid parcels in a protostellar core model .
We study the radial structure of the stellar mass surface density ( $ \mu $ ) and stellar population age as a function of the total stellar mass and morphology for a sample of 107 galaxies from the CALIFA survey .	We use the fossil record to recover the star formation history ( SFH ) in spheroidal and disk dominated galaxies with masses from 10 $ ^9 $ to 10 $ ^ { 12 } $ M $ _\odot $ .
Many interesting new hadron states were discovered experimentally , some of which do not fit into the quark model easily .	I will give a concise overview of these states and their possible interpretations .
In light of the new constraints from LHC Run-1 on the Higgs couplings , sparticles searches and flavour observables , we define the parameter space of the model which is compatible with both collider and dark matter ( DM ) properties .	Among the regions compatible with these constraints , implemented through NMSSMTools , SModelS and MadAnalysis 5 , only one with a singlino lightest supersymmetric particle ( LSP ) with a mass around 5 GeV can explain all the DM abundance of the universe , while heavier mixed singlinos can only form one of the DM components .
The stages are characterized by different number of vortices in the drop and the spatial location of vortices .	During the early stage the array of vortices arises near a surface of the drop and induces a non-monotonic spatial distribution of the temperature over the drop surface .
One can get the impression from the Reissner-Nordstrom solution of Einstein 's equations that the charge of a body reduces its gravitational field .	This looks surprising since the energy of the electrostatic field surrounding a charged body , must contribute positively , as an additional , `` electromagnetic mass '' , to the gravitational field produced by the body .
It is shown that the FE method can be considered as a generalization of the OS CUT approach to the case of parameter dependent generator .	The OS CUT method gives linear differential equations for the diagonalization procedure .
We used scanning tunneling microscopy ( STM ) and angle resolved photoemission spectroscopy ( ARPES ) to probe the surface states on ( 001 ) Pb $ _ { 1-x } $ Sn $ _ { x } $ Se in the topologically non-trivial ( x=0.23 ) and topologically trivial ( x=0 ) phases .	We observed quasiparticle interference with STM on the surface of the topological crystalline insulator and demonstrated that the measured interference can be understood from ARPES studies and a simple band structure model .
The S-matrices in the full space and in the subspace are shown to be identical .	We solve numerically the Schr\ '' odinger equation in the small momentum space and recover exactly the bound and scattering states of the full theory .
L-SR junction membrane separation has been estimated to be & lt ; 400 nm and thus beyond the resolution of light microscopy .	This study utilizes transmission electron microscopy to provide a thorough ultrastructural characterization of the L-SR junctions in PASMCs .
Concurrently , an additional CME presumably erupted close to the bifurcation region .	The conjectures about the responsibility of this compact CME for the superstorm and its disconnection from the Sun are confirmed in Paper IV ( Grechnev et al. , Solar Phys. , submitted ) , which concludes about its probable spheromak-like structure .
We find that the main sources of error are noise , aberrations and mis-calibration ( i.e.model mis-match ) .	Using simulations and experiments , we demonstrate that the choice of cost function plays a critical role , with amplitude-based cost functions performing better than intensity-based ones .
We have obtained spectra of the chromospheric He I 10830 A line in 16 red horizontal branch , red giant branch , and asymptotic giant branch stars .	Clear He I absorption or emission is present in most of the stars .
It arises in a very thin shell ( a few arcsecs ) at the blast wave .	The thinness of that shell ( much broader in the radio domain ) implies that the high energy electrons cool down very fast behind the shock .
It does not require recursive preconditioning , spectral sparsification , or even the Chebyshev Method or Conjugate Gradient .	After constructing a `` nice '' spanning tree of a graph associated with the linear system , the entire algorithm consists of the repeated application of a simple ( non-recursive ) update rule , which it implements using a lightweight data structure .
Although primarily aimed at the galactic archeology and evolution , automated all-sky spectroscopic surveys ( RAVE , SDSS ) are also a valuable source for the binary star research community .	Identification of double-lined spectra is easy and it is not limited by the rare occurrences of eclipses .
Metamaterials have opened new possibilities for controlling electromagnetic energy .	Recently , a superconductor-ferromagnetic metamaterial that allows unprecedented concentration and amplification of magnetic energy , and also its transmission at distance through free space , has been devised theoretically .
We study time dependent solutions in cubic open string field theory which are expected to describe the configuration of the rolling tachyon .	We consider the truncated system consisting of component fields of level zero and two , which are expanded in terms of cosh n x^0 modes .
The ionization of the helium gas , used to confine the lithium , injects electrons in the wake .	After acceleration , these injected electrons were observed as a distinct group from the drive beam on the energy spectrometer .
It is transformed to a set of coupled equations which pass the Painlev\ ' { e } test and are integrable for any integer values of the parameter .	Performing successive gauge transformations ( the Miura transformations ) on the system of equations we obtain a series of nonlinear equations .
The EHC may thus be regarded as a `` generic functional '' .	As a byproduct , the geometrical setup presented also allows to avoid the issue of `` fermion doubling '' as usually encountered , for instance , in the geometrical discussion of the Standard Model in terms of Dirac operators .
This paper discusses some properties of the emerging magnetic flux observed on the solar surface and in the interior .	A statistical analysis of variations of the tilt angle of bipolar magnetic regions during the emergence shows that the systematic tilt with respect to the equator ( the Joy 's law ) is most likely established below the surface .
The matrix material possesses either one infinitely soft , or one infinitely hard loading direction , which induces localized ( singular ) field configurations .	The effective elastic moduli are computed as functions of the porosity in each case .
We work in the class of quasi-concave functions defined on the Euclidean space , and with the hierarchy of their subclasses given by $ \alpha $ -concave functions .	In this setting , we investigate the most relevant features of functional quermassintegrals , and we show they inherit the basic properties of their classical geometric counterpart .
In the present comment we discuss the qualitative and the quantitative differences between the neutron stars models in $ f ( R ) $ gravity presented in the recent paper \cite { Capozziello2015 } ( Capozziello et al .	( 2015 ) ) and in our paper \cite { Yazadjiev2014 } ( Yazadjiev et al . ( 2014 ) ) .
We study a class of generalized fifth order Korteweg-de Vries ( KdV ) equations which are derivable from a Lagrangian L ( p , m , n , l ) which has variable powers of the first and second derivatives of the field with powers given by the parameters p , m , n , l .	The resulting field equation has solitary wave solutions of both the usual ( non-compact ) and compact variety ( `` compactons '' ) .
In this paper we deal with existence and uniqueness of solution to super-linear problems for the Pucci operator : $ $ -\M^+ ( D^2u ) +|u|^ { s-1 } u=f ( x ) \quad { in } \RR^n , $ $ where $ s & gt ; 1 $ and $ f $ satisfies only local integrability conditions .	This result is well known when , instead of the Pucci operator , the Laplacian or a divergence form operator is considered .
The superconducting properties of melt quenched Bi-2212 ( Bi2212-MQ ) sample are compared with non-melted Bi2212-NM and Bi1.4Pb0.6Sr2Ca2Cu3O10 ( Bi-2223 ) .	Crystal structure and morphology of the samples are studied using X-ray diffraction and Scanning Electron Microscopy ( SEM ) techniques .
As it is well known since Lucy 's ( 1968a , b ) and Mochnacki 's ( 1981 ) works , primary components transfer their own energy to the secondary star via the common envelope around the two stars .	This transfer was parameterized by a transfer parameter ( ratio of the observed and intrinsic luminosities of the primary star ) .
Plasmas 21 , 012108 ( 2014 ) ] .	This inhomogeneity forms as a result of the ionization of the carbon nanotubes .
Two elements in a poset are indistinguishable if they have the same strict up-set and the same strict down-set .	Being indistinguishable defines an equivalence relation on the elements of the poset .
We report long-slit spectroscopic observations of the Herbig Ae/Be star Elias 1 in the 3.2-3.6 mum region covering the C-H stretch emission features of hydrogen-terminated diamonds and PAHs .	The data were recorded at UKIRT using UIST and yield information on the profiles and intensities of the bands as a function of offset along the N-S and E-W axes centred on the close binary .
We show that the deformations in both momentum and real space becomes smaller and smaller as one increases the temperature .	For homogeneous case , we also calculate pressure , entropy , and heat capacity .
The analysis is carried out in the framework of mSUGRA and we focus on the region where the relic density constraints are satisfied by resonant annihilation through the s-channel Higgs poles .	We extend the analysis to include CP phases taking into account the mixing of the CP-even and CP-odd Higgs boson states which play an important role in determining the relic density .
Hence , they differ significantly from non-equilibrium steady states where currents are induced by external forces .	One consequence of this result is that maximum entropy assumptions ( MaxEnt/MaxCal ) , widely used for modelling thermal systems away from equilibrium , have quite unexpected implications , including apparent superfluid behaviour in a classical model of shear flow .
In this work , we study the diffusion of single gold nanoparticles ( GNPs ) with diameter of 20 nm attached to GM1 ganglioside or DOPE lipids at different concentrations in supported DOPC bilayers .	The indefinite photostability of GNPs combined with the high sensitivity of interferometric scattering microscopy ( iSCAT ) allows us to achieve 1.9 nm spatial precision at 1 ms temporal resolution , while maintaining long recording times .
For large $ U $ , we have antiferromagnetic order phase .	As we decrease $ U $ below $ U_ { c2 } \simeq 3t $ , the system undergoes a first order phase transition into a gapped spin rotation invariant phase .
The study of collision events with missing energy as searches for the dark matter ( DM ) component of the Universe are an essential part of the extensive program looking for new physics at the LHC .	Given the unknown nature of DM , the interpretation of such searches should be made broad and inclusive .
Numerical results have been obtained at several lattice spacings , enabling the continuum limit to be taken .	Our results indicate a value for the strange quark mass ( in the MS-bar scheme at a scale of 2 GeV ) in the range 100 - 130 MeV .
In this algorithm , an SU ( N ) operator is diagonalized at each site , followed by gauge fixing the diagonal ( Cartan ) part of the links to Coulomb gauge using the residual abelian freedom .	The Cartan sector of the link field is separated into the physical gauge field $ \alpha^ { ( f ) } _\mu $ responsible for producing $ f^ { \rm Cartan } _ { \mu\nu } $ , the pure gauge part , lattice artifacts , and zero modes .
It is a well established result of linear theory that the influence of differing mechanical boundary conditions , i.e. , stress-free or no-slip , on the primary instability in rotating convection becomes asymptotically small in the limit of rapid rotation .	This is accounted for by the diminishing impact of the viscous stresses exerted within Ekman boundary layers and the associated vertical momentum transport by Ekman pumping .
By tracing the edge state , which in this system is a travelling wave , and its bifurcations , we can trace the formation of a chaotic attractor , the interior crisis that increase the phase space volume affected by the flow , and the ultimate transition into a chaotic saddle in a crisis bifurcation .	After the boundary crisis we can observe transient chaos with exponentially distributed lifetimes .
Crucial ingredients of our scenario are brane gases , extra dimensions , and a confining potential due to string gas effects which becomes dominant at string-scale brane separations .	The initial conditions are taken to be a statistically homogeneous and isotropic hot brane gas in a space in which all spatial dimensions are of string scale .
The only supernovae ( SNe ) to have shown early gamma-ray or X-ray emission thus far are overenergetic , broad-lined Type Ic SNe ( Hypernovae - HNe ) .	Recently , SN 2008D shows several novel features : ( i ) weak XRF , ( ii ) an early , narrow optical peak , ( iii ) disappearance of the broad lines typical of SNIc HNe , ( iv ) development of He lines as in SNeIb .
We study bound object formation in a background universe accelerated by cosmological constant and by quintessence .	If the acceleration lasts forever , due to the existence of event horizon , one would have naively expected the universe to approach a state of cold death .
It also construct in a very elementary way a $ C^ { 1,1 } $ realization of this metric .	Pogorelov 's result is somewhat controversial among the community of researchers that study isometric immersions .
These measurements showed a significant excess of power between 0.5 and 1.5 mHz , with ~ 1 m/s peak amplitude .	Here we present a more detailed analysis of the time-series , based on both radial velocity and line equivalent width analyses .
To our surprise we found first of all that the lowest energy state is not metallic but band insulating , with a disproportionation of two inequivalent PA molecular ions and a low P1 symmetry , questioning the common assumption that three electrons will automatically metallize a PAH crystal .	Our best metallic structure is metastable and slightly higher in energy , and retains equivalent PA ions and a higher P21 symmetry -- the same generally claimed for metallic PAHs .
Therefore , we study as a starting point for generalizations the situation of a two-site cluster .	An equation-of-motion approach is chosen to obtain the one-particle Green 's function .
Motivated by the observed cosmic matter distribution , we present the following conjecture : due to the formation of voids and opaque structures , the average matter density on the path of the light from the well-observed objects changes from Omega_M ~ 1 in the homogeneous early universe to Omega_M ~ 0 in the clumpy late universe , so that the average expansion rate increases along our line of sight from EdS expansion Ht ~ 2/3 at high redshifts to free expansion Ht ~ 1 at low redshifts .	To calculate the modified observable distance-redshift relations , we introduce a generalized Dyer-Roeder method that allows for two crucial physical properties of the universe : inhomogeneities in the expansion rate and the growth of the nonlinear structures .
We investigate , and conjecture about , the limit typical shape of the measure , in analogy with work of [ Vershik-Kerov '77 ] , [ Logan-Shepp '77 ] and others on the `` longest increasing subsequence problem '' for permutations .	We also include a related extension of [ Aldous-Diaconis '99 ] on patience sorting .
It is proved that , on functions of the gravitational and matter phase space variables , the Thiemann transform is equivalent to the composition of an inverse Wick rotation and a constant complex scale transformation of all fields .	This result holds as well for functions that depend on the shift vector , the lapse function , and the Lagrange multipliers of the Yang-Mills and gravitational Gauss constraints , provided that the Wick rotation is implemented by means of an analytic continuation of the lapse .
The warm fluid dynamic equations are then manipulated by means of the renormalization group method .	As a result , amplitude equations for the slowly varying wave amplitudes are derived .
The vulnerability to single-detector instrumental artifacts in standard detection methods for long-duration quasimonochromatic gravitational waves from nonaxisymmetric rotating neutron stars [ continuous waves ( CWs ) ] was addressed in past work [ D. Keitel et al. , Phys.Rev .	D 89 , 064023 ( 2014 ) . ]
We develop the differential geometry of AdS^ { 5|8 } and describe its isometries in terms of Killing supervectors .	Various off-shell supermultiplets in AdS^ { 5|8 } x S^2 are defined , and supersymmetric actions are constructed both in harmonic and projective superspace approaches .
In principle the Zeno effect controlled-sign gate of Franson et al 's ( PRA 70 , 062302 , 2004 ) is a deterministic two-qubit optical gate .	However , when realistic values of photon loss are considered its fidelity is significantly reduced .
On such bases , numerical differentiation is ill-conditioned and can potentially lead to a catastrophic blow-up of round-off error .	In this paper , we use ideas recently explored by Viswanath ( J. Comput.Phys.251 ( 2013 ) , pp .
In six out of seven cases we find an X-ray absorber associated with the GRB host galaxy with column density ( assuming solar abundances ) ranging from ( 0.8 - 7.7 ) x10^ { 21 } cm^ { -2 } .	We determine the rest-frame visual extinction A_V using the SMC , LMC and Galactic extinction curves to model the dust in the GRB host galaxy , and this ranges from A_V = 0.12\pm 0.04 to A_V = 0.65^ { +0.08 } _ { -0.07 } .
Two permutation representations on equivariant and ordinary cohomology are identified in terms of irreducible representations of the permutation group .	We show how to use the permutation actions to construct divided difference operators and to give formulas for some localizations of certain equivariant classes .
Transport gaps are commonly established via photoemission and inverse photoemission spectroscopy ( PES/IPES ) .	However , PES and IPES are surface-sensitive , average over a dynamic lattice , and are subject to extrinsic effects , leading to significant uncertainty in gaps .
For diffusion processes we find that condensation happens whenever the process is subject to a confining potential , such as for the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process , but not in the borderline case of dry friction in which there is partial ensemble equivalence .	We also discuss continuous-space , discrete-time random walks for which in the case of a heavy tailed step-size distribution it is known that the large deviation may be achieved in a single step of the walk .
We use the results to compute precision electroweak observables and compare theory predictions with experiment .	We characterize the interesting regions of parameter space that simultaneously enable a very heavy Higgs mass and a very heavy radion mass , both masses being well above the putative Higgs boson mass limit in the Standard Model derived from the constraints of precision electroweak observables .
In order to reproduce the SNR 's observed size , expansion rate and thermal X-ray emission we employ a piecewise homogeneous model for the progenitor 's circumstellar medium developed by Borkowski et al . ( 1996 ) .	It consists of a tenuous inner wind bubble , a dense shell of swept-up red supergiant wind material , and a subsequent red supergiant wind region .
The approach allows the average programmer to achieve high-level optimizations similar to those used by compiler writers ( e.g.the notion of `` tiling '' ) .	The approach presented in this monograph makes use of A Mathematics of Arrays ( MoA , Mullin 1988 ) and an indexing calculus ( i.e.the psi-calculus ) to enable the programmer to develop algorithms using high-level compiler-like optimizations through the ability to algebraically compose and reduce sequences of array operations .
A staggered double-ring is found to be the most stable structure amongst the isomers studied .	Our calculations reveal that a 24-atom boron cluster does form closed 3-d structures .
This approach differs from previous works and through the quantum - classical mapping between quantum field theory in spatial dimension $ d $ and classical statistical mechanics in dimension $ d+1 , $ provides a new example of Feynman 's generalization of the Least Action Principle to problems that do not have a standard Lagrangian or Hamiltonian .	A simple mean field theory for this statistical equlibrium model is formulated and solved , providing precise conditions on the planetary spin and relative enstrophy in order for phase transitions to occur at positive and negative critical temperatures , $ T_ { + } $ and $ T_ { - } . $
63 , 223-228 ] to remove points from the design space during the search for a $ D $ -optimum design .	Let $ \xi $ be any design on a compact space $ \mathcal { X } \subset \mathbb { R } ^m $ with a nonsingular information matrix , and let $ m+\epsilon $ be the maximum of the variance function $ d ( \xi , \mathbf { x } ) $ over all $ \mathbf { x } \in \mathcal { X } $ .
This situation can be approximated as a structure preserving finite dimensional Hamiltonian system by a truncation introduced by Zeitlin ( 1990,2005 ) or by the more standard Galerkin style finite element method .	We use these two truncations to analyse the linear stability of these solutions and analytical and numerical results are compared .
For T a nonexpansive operator , we obtain a weaker bound on the number of epsilon-fluctuations in the sequence .	We clarify the relationship between bounds on the number of epsilon-fluctuations in a sequence and bounds on the rate of metastability , and provide lower bounds on the rate of metastability that show that our main result is sharp .
The qualitative difference between the representations of plane and spherical waves of photons is examined .	In particular , the spatial inhomogeneity of the zero-point oscillations of multipole field is shown .
Mixed pixels are presented in hyperspectral images due to low spatial resolution of hyperspectral sensors .	Spectral unmixing decomposes mixed pixels spectra into endmembers spectra and abundance fractions .
The critical points are points $ \nabla_ { h^n } s_n=0 $ where $ \nabla_ { h^n } $ is the smooth Chern connection with respect to the Hermitian metric $ h^n $ on line bundle $ L^n $ .	The main result is that the rescaling limit of $ K^m_n ( z_0+\frac u { \sqrt n } , z_0+\frac v { \sqrt n } ) $ for any $ z_0\in M $ is universal as $ n $ tends to infinity .
It is shown that algebras B ( n ) , C ( n+1 ) , D ( 2n+2 ) with n & gt ; 1 and also algebras A ( 1 ) , G ( 2 ) , F ( 4 ) , E ( 7 ) and E ( 8 ) always lead to models with hermitian hamiltonians .	The situation with the remaining algebras A ( n ) , D ( 2n+3 ) with n & gt ; 1 and E ( 6 ) is still unclear .
Most systematic effects couple only weakly to the sky maps .	The largest uncertainties in the maps result from the instrument susceptibility to the Earth 's magnetic field , microwave emission from the Earth , and upper limits to potential effects at the spacecraft spin period .
The model is based on the assumption : during the fireball evolution , two-particle elastic and inelastic collisions give rise to the randomization of the nucleon-momentum transfer which is driven by a proper distribution .	As a first approximation , we assume a homogeneous distribution where the values of the momentum transfer is bounded from above .
We concentrate on elliptic generalization of hermitian matrix model which corresponds to calculation of partition function on $ S^3 \times S^1 $ for vector multiplet .	We derive the $ q $ -Virasoro constraints for this matrix model .
Secrecy capacity curves for some well known constellations like BPSK , 4-QAM , 16-QAM and 8-PSK are plotted and the SNR at which the maximum occurs is found through simulation .	It is conjectured that the secrecy capacity curves for finite constellations have a single maximum .
Matter agglomeration mesoscopic phenomena of irreversible type are well described by nonequilibrium thermodynamics formalism .	The description assumes that the thermodynamic ( internal ) state variables are in local equilibrium , and uses the well known flux-force relations , with the Onsager coefficients involved , ending eventually up at a local conservation law of Fokker-Planck type .
We observe crossover behaviour in the mechanical state of the system characterised by the changing nature of the resulting stress response .	The transition between anisotropic and isotropic stress response exhibits critical-like features through the identification of a diverging length scale that distinguishes the spatial extent of anisotropic regions from those that display isotropic behaviour .
The analytical form of the full BEAMS posterior requires evaluating 2^N terms , where N is the number of supernova candidates .	This `exponential catastrophe ' is computationally unfeasible even for N of order 100 .
Spectroscopic gas sensing is both a commercial success and a rapidly advancing scientific field .	Throughout the years , massive efforts have been directed towards improving detection limits by achieving long interaction pathlengths .
We construct supergravity theories in twelve and thirteen dimensions with the respective signatures ( 10,2 ) and ( 11,2 ) with some technical details .	Starting with N=1 supergravity in 10+2 dimensions coupled to Green-Schwarz superstring , we give N=2 chiral supergravity in 10+2 dimensions with its couplings to super ( 2+2 ) -brane .
The mixing of three and four massive neutrinos is considered .	It is shown that the neutrino oscillation data are not compatible with a hierarchy of couplings in the three-neutrino case .
We discuss using of Support Vector Machines ( SVM ) algorithm applied to infrared photometric data to perform star-galaxy separation , in which we achieve an accuracy higher than 80\ % .	The photometric redshift information , obtained through the CIGALE code , is used to explore the redshift dependence of the correlation function parameter ( $ r_ { 0 } $ ) as well as the linear bias evolution .
We confront the recent improved measurements of the D_ { ( s ) } ( semi ) leptonic decays with lattice QCD ( LQCD ) with n_f=3 flavours and QCD spectral sum rules ( QSSR ) predictions .	D\to\mu\nu_\mu leptonic width data compared with theoretical determinations of f_D , leads to the value of the CKM mixing angle : |V_cd|= 0.230 ( 10 ) _exp ( 9 ) _th .
In this mostly pedagogical tutorial article a brief introduction to modern geometrical treatment of fluid dynamics and electrodynamics is provided .	The main technical tool is standard theory of differential forms .
In this paper , we describe a framework for similarity based retrieval and clustering from a 3D human database .	Our technique is based on both body and head shape representation and the retrieval is based on similarity of both of them .
The importance of this object should not be understated since it is considered to be the possible prototype of a new class of eruptive variables .	These objects have been the subject of considerable studies at present primarily because of the spectacular eruption of V838 Mon - another member of this class - recently in 2002 .
Above the chiral restoration point the single quarks are still removed from the spectrum of excitations and the only possible excitations are confined color-singlet hadrons with finite mass .	Hence there appears a gap in the excitation spectrum of the quarkyonic matter that should be crucially important for its properties above the chiral restoration point .
At small u/d masses the correlator is dominated by the bubble contribution , which is the intermediate state with two pseudoscalar mesons .	We determine the bubble contribution within Staggered and Mixed Chiral Perturbation Theory .
However , the Lorenz number L retains its usual value L_0 .	With increasing temperature , the Wiedemann-Franz law is violated .
While these photons do not directly interact with He II ions , we show that they play an important role , through radiative transport , in modifying the shape of He II ionizing part of UVB spectrum .	Within the observed range of UV escape from galaxies , we show that the rapid increase in He II Lyman alpha effective optical depth at z~2.7 can naturally be explained by radiative transport effects .
PSR J0030+0451 , a nearby pulsar with a period of 4.8 ms , belongs to the less common category of isolated millisecond pulsars .	We have measured significant polarization in PSR J0030+0451 over more than 50 % of the period , and use these data for a detailed discussion of its magnetospheric geometry .
While the local model predicts this spatial modulation to be scale-independent , many variants have some scale-dependence .	Here we note that this scale dependence can be probed with measurements of frequency-spectrum distortions in the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) , in particular highlighting Compton- $ y $ distortions .
This paper is concerned with regular flows of incompressible weakly viscoelastic fluids which obey a differential constitutive law of Oldroyd type .	We study the newtonian limit for weakly viscoelastic fluid flows in $ \R^N $ or $ \T^N $ for $ N=2 , 3 $ , when the Weissenberg number ( relaxation time measuring the elasticity effect in the fluid ) tends to zero .
To account for the thermal contribution at BAT energies , XMM-Newton EPIC spectra are extracted from coincident spatial regions so that both thermal and non-thermal spectral components can be determined simultaneously .	We find marginally significant IC components in six clusters , though after closer inspection and consideration of systematic errors we are unable to claim a clear detection in any of them .
In this connection the inverted neutrino mass ordering is slightly disfavored .	If this partial $ \mu $ - $ \tau $ symmetry is specified to be $ |U^ { } _ { \mu 1 } | = |U^ { } _ { \tau 1 } | =1/\sqrt { 6 } ~ $ , one can reproduce the phenomenologically-favored relation $ \sin^2\theta^ { } _ { 12 } = \left ( 1 - 2\tan^2\theta^ { } _ { 13 } \right ) /3 $ and a viable two-parameter description of $ U $ which were first uncovered in 2006 .
The Landau -- Zener ( LZ ) type classical-trajectory surface-hopping algorithm is applied to the nonadiabatic nuclear dynamics of the ammonia cation after photoionization of the ground-state neutral molecule to the excited states of the cation .	The algorithm employs the recently proposed formula for nonadiabatic LZ transition probabilities derived from the adiabatic potential energy surfaces .
But that is trivial .	`` definite '' must mean more .
Gemini features a broad-coverage unification-based grammar of English , fully interleaved syntactic and semantic processing in an all-paths , bottom-up parser , and an utterance-level parser to find interpretations of sentences that might not be analyzable as complete sentences .	Gemini also includes novel components for recognizing and correcting grammatical disfluencies , and for doing parse preferences .
In this article , we propose a covariance regression model that parameterizes the covariance matrix of a multivariate response vector as a parsimonious quadratic function of explanatory variables .	The approach is analogous to the mean regression model , and is similar to a factor analysis model in which the factor loadings depend on the explanatory variables .
We report the measurement of Lamda and Anti-Lamda yields and inverse slope parameters in d + Au collisions at sqrt ( s_NN ) = 200 GeV at forward and backward rapidities ( y = +- 2.75 ) , using data from the STAR forward time projection chambers .	The contributions of different processes to baryon transport and particle production are probed exploiting the inherent asymmetry of the d + Au system .
Let X be a separated finite type scheme over a noetherian base ring K. There is a complex C ( X ) of topological O_X-modules on X , called the complete Hochschild chain complex of X .	To any O_X-module M - not necessarily quasi-coherent - we assign the complex Hom^ { cont } _X ( C ( X ) , M ) of continuous Hochschild cochains with values in M. Our first main result is that when X is smooth over K there is a functorial isomorphism between the complex of continuous Hochschild cochains and RHom_ { X2 } ( O_X , M ) , in the derived category D ( Mod ( O_ { X2 } ) ) .
In practice sampling is typically carried out using Markov chain Monte Carlo , in particular either the Glauber dynamics or the Metropolis-Hasting procedure .	In this paper we characterize the high and low temperature regimes of the exponential random graph model .
This leads , for a given total excitation energy , to a nontrivial correlation between the breakup temperature and the collective expansion velocity .	In particular we find that , under some conditions , the temperature of the fragmenting system may increase as a function of this expansion velocity , contrary to what it might be expected .
Strong electron correlation effects in the photophysics of quasi-one-dimensional $ \pi $ -conjugated organic systems such as polyenes , polyacetylenes , polydiacetylenes , etc. , have been extensively studied .	Far less is known on correlation effects in two-dimensional $ \pi $ -conjugated systems .
We consider a multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) radar and a MIMO cellular communication system with $ \mc K $ base stations ( BS ) .	We propose a spectrum sharing algorithm which steers radar nulls , by projecting radar waveform onto the null space of interference channel , towards a `selected ' BS , thus , protecting it from radar interference .
We start from known classical solutions of the corresponding field equations and elaborate on the physics of the transverse traceless modes of linear fluctuations of the classical background , which obey a Schroedinger-like equation .	We further consider two special cases in which this equation can be solved analytically for any massive mode with m^2 & gt ; 0 , in contrast with numerical approaches , allowing us to study in closed form the massive spectrum of Kaluza-Klein ( KK ) excitations and to compute the corrections to Newton 's law in the thin brane limit .
These accurate traces are generated based on a novel technique for reducing the errors in the inertial motion traces by using the points of interest in the indoor environment , such as elevators and stairs , for error resetting .	The collected traces are then processed to detect the overall floorplan shape as well as higher level semantics such as detecting rooms and corridors shapes along with a variety of points of interest in the environment .
We show that the eavesdropper can make use of this property to obtain a remarkable part of the secret key by replacing some of the DI nonlocal boxes with local ones .	On the contrary , the same cheating strategy does not apply to the device-dependent ( DD ) version of the protocol .
This helps them to identify promising students and also provides them an opportunity to pay attention to and improve those who would probably get lower grades .	As a solution , we have developed a system which can predict the performance of students from their previous performances using concepts of data mining techniques under Classification .
The study spreads throughout variable aspects including the effect of the structure parameters on the CP luminescence and radiation pattern and more specifically the influence of the absorption and emission properties of the active layer .	Comparing between the passive and active layer cases , the obtained results show that an enhancement of the CP luminescence of more than 20 times can be obtained by using an optically active underlying layer .
As $ Z $ varies , a crossover of the field profile of maximum intensity takes place for $ Z \approx 50 $ between characteristic peaks for smaller $ Z $ ( typically $ Z \approx 30 $ ) and monotonic decrease for larger $ Z $ ( typically $ Z \approx 70 $ ) .	The double-peak structure reported in experiments can be explained for Z=30 by finite-size analysis with respect to number of junctions .
As the normal-state sheet resistance of the films at 20 K is reduced with increasing film thickness , \xi_ { L } increases exponentially .	The SI transition occurs when \xi_ { L } crosses the Ginzburg-Landau coherence length , \xi_ { S } .
The calculations have been performed within the free electron model in the framework of the Keldysh formalism and WKB approximation .	We demonstrate that spin/charge currents and spin transfer torques are all explicitly expressed through only three irreducible quantities , without further approximations .
Similar to the standard non-evolutionary MG , the dependence of the standard deviation $ \sigma $ on the number of agents $ N $ and the memory length $ m $ can be characterized by a universal curve .	We suggest a Crowd-Anticrowd theory for understanding the effect of evolution in the MG .
Using one-dimensional radiative transfer calculations , we investigate the discrepancies in gas properties surrounding model stars and accreting black holes that arise solely due to spectral discretization .	We find that even in the idealized case of a static and uniform density field , commonly used discretization schemes induce errors in the neutral fraction and temperature by factors of two to three on average , and by over an order of magnitude in certain column density regimes .
When people explore and manage information , they think in terms of topics and themes .	However , the software that supports information exploration sees text at only the surface level .
The algorithm is evaluated using the quantitative measures of accuracy and precision of previous authors , using simulated images at variable signal-to-noise ratios .	To these we add a new test of the error due to a non-uniform background .
The progenitor object was found to be consistent with a F8 supergiant star ( log L/L_ { \odot } =4.92+/-0.20 and T_ { eff } =6000+/-280K ) .	Through comparison with stellar evolution tracks , this corresponds to a single star at the end of core C-burning with an initial mass of M_ { ZAMS } =13+/-3M_ { \odot } .
Heating occurs in gas-dynamic shocks which develop inside these tubes .	Here we present generalized thin flux tube equations for the dynamics of reconnected flux tubes , including pressure-driven parallel dynamics as well as temperature dependent , anisotropic viscosity and thermal conductivity .
Suppose that $ X $ is a simple random walk on $ \Z_n^d $ for $ d \geq 3 $ and , for each $ t $ , we let $ \U ( t ) $ consist of those $ x \in \Z_n^d $ which have not been visited by $ X $ by time $ t $ .	Let $ \tcov $ be the expected amount of time that it takes for $ X $ to visit every site of $ \Z_n^d $ .
There is a growing consensus that these events likely stem from periastron passage of an ( as yet ) unseen companion in a highly eccentric ( $ \epsilon \sim 0.9 $ ) orbit .	This paper presents three-dimensional ( 3-D ) Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics ( SPH ) simulations of the orbital variation of the binary wind-wind collision , and applies these to modeling the X-ray light curve observed by the Rossi X-ray Timing Explorer ( RXTE ) .
The viscous friction shows a similar drop after a slow initial decrease proportional to $ \Phi_s $ .	We attribute these effects to the percolation of a stable Knudsen layer of air at the interface .
Second , we are interested in the corresponding Verdier quotient functors V_F , in particular we want do know under what conditions V_F is full .	The third question to be considered concerns the possibility to factorize a given triangle functor F = F_2F_1 with F_1 a full and dense triangle functor and F_2 a faithful triangle functor .
This relationship is confirmed for phase-ordering in the exactly solved 1D Ising model and the d-dimensional spherical model .	For the 2D Glauber-Ising model , theta_g=0.063 ( 2 ) is found which indicates that the dynamics of the global order-parameter is described by a non-markovian process .
We report measurements of $ B $ to pseudoscalar-pseudoscalar decays with at least one eta meson in the final state using 140 fb^ { -1 } of data collected by the Belle detector at KEKB e^+ e^- collider .	We observe the decays of B^+- & gt ; eta pi^+ and B^+- & gt ; eta K^+ ; the measured branching fractions are Br ( B^+- & gt ; eta pi^+ ) = ( 4.8^ { +0.8 } _ { -0.7 } ( stat ) +- 0.3 ( sys ) ) * 10^-6 and Br ( B^+- & gt ; eta K^+ ) = ( 2.1 +- 0.6 ( stat ) +- 0.2 ( sys ) ) * 10^-6 .
We present an alternative Eulerian hydrodynamic model for the electromagnetic field in which the discrete vector indices in Maxwell\s equations are replaced by continuous angular freedoms , and develop the corresponding Lagrangian picture in which the fluid particles have rotational and translational freedoms .	This enables us to extend to the electromagnetic field the exact method of state construction proposed previously for spin 0 systems , in which the time-dependent wavefunction is computed from a single-valued continuum of deterministic trajectories where two spacetime points are linked by at most a single orbit .
We analyze the security of the authentication code against pollution attacks in network coding given by Oggier and Fathi and show one way to remove one very strong condition they required .	Actually , we find a way to attack their authentication scheme .
The moduli spaces of numerically polarized Enriques surfaces can be described as open subsets of orthogonal modular varieties of dimension 10 .	One of the consequences of our description is that there are only finitely many isomorphism classes of moduli spaces of polarized and numerically polarized Enriques surfaces .
Recently , a new parametrization of compact wavelet matrices of the same order and degree has been introduced by the last author .	This method also enables us to fulfill the above mentioned tasks of matrix constructions .
Fix a Hermitian metric in L whose curvature defines a K\ '' ahler metric on X .	The Hessian of Mabuchi energy is a fourth-order elliptic operator D on functions which arises in the study of scalar curvature .
We find here , in complete generality , a proper mean entropy proportional to log\mu_A with a first order correction defined by means of the relative entropy associated with canonical states .	By considering a class of black holes with an associated conformal quantum field theory on the horizon , and relying on arguments in the literature , we indicate a possible way to link the noncommutative area with the Bekenstein-Hawking classical area description of entropy .
The approach is based on the new form of kinetic equations in terms of the internal and modified free energy .	It is illustrated by a model example of a solid with vacancies , for which there is a complete statistical ground .
We show that the star-forming regions in high-redshift luminous and ultraluminous infrared galaxies ( LIRGs and ULIRGs ) and submillimeter galaxies ( SMGs ) have similar physical scales to those in local normal star-forming galaxies .	To first order , their higher infrared ( IR ) luminosities result from higher luminosity surface density .
The used HGPTS assures a full separation of the active volume for synthesis or crystal growth of material and the inert gas medium .	The obtained FeSe0.88 samples have Tc between 8 and 12 K. The samples have been characterized by SEM , EDX , XRD , magnetic susceptibility and resistivity measurements .
The two flows are governed by the ( special ) relativistic equations for a magnetized perfect gas in the infinite conductivity approximation .	By adopting the vortex-sheet approximation , the relativistic magnetohydrodynamics equations are linearized around the equilibrium state and the corresponding dispersion relation is derived and discussed .
An $ ( L , d ) ^* $ -coloring is a mapping $ \pi $ that assigns a color $ \pi ( v ) \in L ( v ) $ to each vertex $ v\in V ( G ) $ so that at most $ d $ neighbors of $ v $ receive color $ \pi ( v ) $ .	A graph $ G $ is said to be $ ( k , d ) ^* $ -choosable if it admits an $ ( L , d ) ^* $ -coloring for every list assignment $ L $ with $ |L ( v ) |\ge k $ for all $ v\in V ( G ) $ .
It thus makes a wealth of existing knowledge available for the study of rotationally faulted graphene multilayers .	Agreement of this theory with a recent experiment in a strong magnetic field was demonstrated .
Finite-size scaling shows that the peak value grows with electron number and diverges in the thermodynamic limit , which suggests an instability toward a charge density wave .	A symmetry broken stripe phase is formed at large system size limit , which is robust against purturbation from disorder scattering .
Our results are based on an augmented set of the full PG1159 evolutionary models recently presented by Miller Bertolami & amp ; Althaus ( 2006 ) .	We perform extensive computations of adiabatic g-mode pulsation periods on PG1159 evolutionary models with stellar masses ranging from 0.530 to 0.741 Msun .
The two-point and three-point functions are exemplified in this work by the twist-2 and twist-3 distribution amplitudes of a pseudoscalar meson and the pion elastic form factor , respectively .	The present analysis of the pseudoscalar meson commensurates with the previous analysis of the vector meson two-point function and fortifies our observation that the light-front quark model with effective degrees of freedom represented by the constituent quark and antiquark may provide the view of effective zero-mode cloud around the quark and antiquark inside the meson .
The developed ArduSiPM is a compact cost effective and easily replicable Hardware software module for SiPM detector readout .	The ArduSiPM uses an Arduino DUE ( an open Software/Hardware board based on an ARM Cortex-M3 microcontroller ) as processor board and a piggyback custom designed board ( Shield ) , these are controlled by custom developed software and interface .
General exact solutions in integral forms and in power series expansion as well as several special solutions with physical interest are given for the radial equation in the non-extreme case .	In the extreme case , power series solution to the radial equation is briefly studied .
First , we formulate the problem as a non-trivial discrete-time optimal control problem with finite time horizon .	It is non-trivial because of the presence of saturation constraints and a non-quadratic cost .
Now a days Many car manufacturers are planning to install wireless connectivity equipment in their vehicles to enable communications with `` roadside base station '' and also between vehicles , for the purposes of safety , driving assistance , and entertainment .	One distinct feature is that vehicles are highly mobile , with speed up to 30 m/s , though their mobility patterns are more predictable than those of nodes in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks ( MANET ) due to the constraints imposed by road , speed limits , and commuting habits .
The representations of the translational groups that generate gauge transformations in such Stuckelberg extended theories can be obtained by the method of dimensional descent .	We illustrate these with the examples of Stuckelberg extended first class versions of Proca , Einstein-Pauli-Fierz and massive Kalb-Ramond theories in 3+1 dimensions .
This approach has previously led to some of the strongest upper bounds on secret key rates , including the squashed entanglement and the relative entropy of entanglement .	Here we use this approach along with a `` privacy test '' to establish a general meta-converse bound for private communication , which has a number of applications .
One method relies on tagging charmed hadrons by identifying a lepton in the lowest energy jet .	The other method uses a neural network based on global event shape parameters .
In this connection we investigate about several physical properties like energy conditions , stability , mass-radius ratio , electric charge content , anisotropic nature and surface redshift through graphical plots and mathematical calculations .	All the features from these studies are in excellent agreement with the already available evidences in theory as well as observations .
Non destructive quality control of microstructures at the manufacturing stage is an important issue in the foreseen use of huge numbers of such gaseous detectors in the future high luminosity colliders .	In this work we report on the use of the scintillation light emitted by the avalanches in GEM channels for checking defects in the foils .
Both remarks imply that finite N effects are captured by quantum groups $ SL_q ( 2 ) $ with $ q= e^ { { i \pi \over { N + 1 } } } $ .	This implies that a proper framework for the theories in question is given by gravity on a non-commutative spacetime with a q-deformation of field oscillators .
It is usual that one component is preferably attracted by the membrane , which generates the additional stress including the osmotic pressure .	By using the Gaussian free-energy functional and assuming the preferential attraction to be sufficiently weak , the present author recently pointed out theoretically that the ambient near-criticality tends to suppress the mean square amplitude ; the generated restoring force has the wavenumber-squared dependence and becomes larger with the correlation length far from the membrane .
Our near-infrared ( NIR ) monitoring between December 2014 and April 2015 shows a smaller outburst amplitude ( $ \sim $ 2 mag ) and a smaller ( 0.2 $ - $ 0.3 mag ) post-outburst brightness decline .	Optical and NIR color-magnitude diagrams indicate that the brightness decline is caused by growing extinction .
Source coding with a side information `` vending machine '' is a recently proposed framework in which the statistical relationship between the side information and the source , instead of being given and fixed as in the classical Wyner-Ziv problem , can be controlled by the decoder .	This control action is selected by the decoder based on the message encoded by the source node .
For freezing one requires Nf & lt ; 9 .	The freezing behaviour is manifested by the `` contour-improved '' or `` Analytic Perturbation Theory '' ( APT ) , in which an infinite subset of analytical continuation terms are resummed to all-orders .
We present examples of interacting Q-balls that arise due to angular excitations , which are closely related to the spherical harmonics .	We also construct explicit examples of rotating boson stars that interact with non-rotating boson stars .
The CoRoT space telescope observed nearly 160 000 light curves .	Among the most outstanding is that of the young , active planet host star CoRoT-2A .
This is a 3-body extension of an earlier q { \bar q } ( 2-body ) result on the exact 3D-4D interconnection for the respective BS wave functions under 3D kernel support , precalibrated to both q { \bar q } and qqq spectra plus other observables .	The quark loop integrals for the neutron ( n ) - proton ( p ) mass difference receive contributions from : i ) the strong SU ( 2 ) effect arising from the d-u mass difference ( 4 MeV ) ; ii ) the e.m. effect of the respective quark charges .
The corresponding respective curve flows are found to be given by geometric nonlinear PDEs , specifically mKdV and group-invariant analogs of Schrodinger maps .	In all cases the hierarchies also contain variants of vector sine-Gordon equations arising from the kernel of the respective recursion operators .
The spectroscopic factors for the decays have been deduced and are shown to vary smoothly as a function of effective numbers of valence nucleons , $ N_p $ and $ N_n $ chosen with a suitable core .	The implication of such a smooth behaviour has been discussed .
With this result , one can show that the non-degenerate ( i.e. , $ m_i n_i \neq 0 $ ) interaction is in general attractive for the case of ( D $ _ { p - 2 } $ , D $ _p $ ) but this is true and for certain only at large separation for the case of ( F , D $ _p $ ) .	In either case , this interaction vanishes only if $ m_1/ n_1 = m_2/ n_2 $ and $ n_1 n_2 & gt ; 0 $ .
Using the SDO/HMI vector magnetogram as the bottom boundary condition , the reconstructed magnetic field lines are compared with the projected EUV loop structures from different views three-dimensionally by SDO/AIA and STEREO A/B spacecraft simultaneously for the first time .	They show very good agreement so that the topological configurations of the magnetic fields can be analyzed , thus its role in the flare process of the active region can be better understood .
In logistic regression algorithm , it is assumed that samples are independent and each sample is assigned a probability .	Parameters are obtained by maxmizing the product of all sample probabilities .
The dynamics of quantum systems usually strongly depends on the local structure of the Hamiltonian .	For short-range interacting systems , the well-known Lieb-Robinson bound defines the effective light cone with an exponentially small error with respect to the spatial distance , whereas we can obtain only polynomial bound for long-range interacting systems .
In this way , both in the gravity and matter sectors we have Born-Infeld-like structures characterised by their actions and via two separate constants , $ \kappa $ and $ \alpha_T^2 $ respectively .	With a particular choice of the form of $ \dot { \phi } $ ( time derivative of the Born-Infeld scalar ) , analytical cosmological solutions are found .
The digital image data is rapidly expanding in quantity and heterogeneity .	The traditional information retrieval techniques does not meet the user 's demand , so there is need to develop an efficient system for content based image retrieval .
As huge complex systems consisting of geographic regions , natural resources , people and economic entities , countries follow the allometric scaling law which is ubiquitous in ecological , urban systems .	We systematically investigated the allometric scaling relationships between a large number of macroscopic properties and geographic ( area ) , demographic ( population ) and economic ( GDP , gross domestic production ) sizes of countries respectively .
This measure is particularly well suited for the detection of symmetry and modularity in the underlying structure , and allows for a quantitative definition of structural modularity .	Furthermore we use our approach to show that symmetric and modular structures are favoured in biological self-assembly , for example of protein complexes .
We propose an emission mechanism of prompt gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) that can reproduce the observed non-thermal spectra with high radiative efficiencies , & gt ; 50 % .	Internal dissipation below a photosphere can create a radiation-dominated thermal fireball .
In some of the calculations , we achieve sustained performance of nearly 100 GFlops on an ATI X1900XTX .	The performance on GPUs is comparable to specialized processors such as GRAPE-6A and MDGRAPE-3 , but at a fraction of the cost .
The $ HR - T_ { 90 } $ anti-correlation strongly depends upon the spectral shape of GRBs and energy bands , and the bursts with the curved spectra in the typical BATSE energy bands show a tighter anti-correlation than those with the power-law spectra in the typical BAT energy bands .	This might explain why the $ HR - T_ { 90 } $ correlation is not evident for those GRB samples detected by instruments like { \it Swift } with a narrower/softer energy bandpass .
Here we provide evidence that certain of these spinning excitations are spectrally stable .	We find such waves for equations in two space dimensions with focusing-defocusing nonlinearities , such as cubic-quintic .
The function $ f $ is said to be generalised regularly varying of order $ n $ with rate vector $ \g = ( g_1 , & gt ; ... , g_n ) ' $ .	Under general assumptions , $ \g $ itself must be regularly varying in the sense that $ \g ( xt ) = x^ { \B } \g ( t ) + o ( g_n ( t ) ) $ for some upper triangular matrix $ \B \in \RR^ { n \times n } $ , and the vector of limit functions $ \h = ( h_1 , & gt ; ... , h_n ) $ is of the form $ \h ( x ) = \c \int_1^x u^\B u^ { -1 } \du $ for some row vector $ \c \in \RR^ { 1 \times n } $ .
It is argued that short-range correlations are mainly responsible for the actual value of the observed charge density in 208Pb and by extension for the empirical value of the saturation density of nuclear matter .	This observation combined with the general understanding of the spectroscopic strength suggests that a renewed study of nuclear matter , emphasizing the self-consistent determination of the spectral strength due to short-range and tensor correlations , may shed light on the perennial nuclear saturation problem .
The Brownian motion of a quantum particle in a harmonic confining potential and coupled to a harmonic quantum thermal bath is exactly solvable .	It is shown that at low enough temperatures the stationary state is non-Gibbsian due to an entanglement with the bath .
We determine the kernel of inclusion-induced maps of the mapping class group of a subsurface , and give necessary and sufficient conditions for injectivity .	In the injective case , we show that the commensurability class of a geometric subgroup completely determines up to isotopy the defining subsurface , and we characterize centralizers , normalizers , and commensurators of geometric subgroups .
Solar-scaled Kurucz model atmospheres with NEWODF opacities are calculated with an independent program .	Parameter files control different details , such as the mixing-length parameter , the overshooting , the damping of the lines and the weight factors in the definition of the chi2 function .
Spiral arms are among the structures predicted decades ago by numerical simulations of disk-planet interaction and thus it is tempting to suspect that planetary perturbers are responsible for the observed signatures .	However , such interpretation is not free of problems .
Recently these conservation laws were used for evaluation of the three-body recombination rate for interacting gas of quantum bosons .	These conservations laws were known already in 1989 .
A class of monomial potentials is obtained with specific values for the power index .	Moreover , the inflaton mass changes profile due to the couplings between various fields after compactification .
A pseudodiagram is a knot diagram that may be missing crossing information at some of its crossings .	At these crossings , it is undetermined which strand passes over .
Layered III-chalcogenide compounds belong to a variety of layered crystals that can be implemented in van der Waals heterostructures .	Here we report an optical study of the stability of two of these compounds : indium selenide ( InSe ) and gallium selenide ( GaSe ) .
In this paper we consider the relativistic corrections to the energy levels caused by the Uehling potential and in particular the fine structure in muonic and antiprotonic atoms .	We derive general expressions and consider in detail specific regions of parameters which allow simple asymptotic expansion .
The contribution of each instanton sector is given in terms of a Jeffrey-Kirwan residue on the Coulomb branch .	In the limit of vanishing $ \Omega $ -deformation , the localization formula greatly simplifies the computation of $ A $ -twisted correlation functions , and leads to new results for non-abelian theories .
This paper is concerned with developing and analyzing convergent semi-Lagrangian methods for the fully nonlinear elliptic Monge-Amp\`ere equation on general triangular grids .	This is done by establishing an equivalent ( in the viscosity sense ) Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman formulation of the Monge-Amp\`ere equation .
In this paper , we demonstrate ASTRO-H 's capability to measure the chemical evolution in the high-z ( z & lt ; ~ 3 ) universe by observing X-ray afterglows of gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) and distant Blazars .	Utilizing these sources as background light sources , the excellent energy resolution of ASTRO-H/SXS allows us to detect emission and absorption features from heavy elements in the circumstellar material in the host galaxies , from the intergalactic medium ( IGM ) and in the ejecta of GRB explosions .
The surface soil moisture is a key variable to describe the exchange of water and energy between the land and the atmosphere .	In hydrology , and meteorology , the amount of water in the upper soil layers permits ( 0-5 cm from the surface ) the evaluation of the relationship between the real evaporation and the potential evaporation of the bare soil .
In its simplest form , the CS propagates the solution by advecting the `moving cells ' along their characteristic trajectories , and by remapping them on the mesh at the end of the time step .	The CS is conservative , positivity preserving , simple to implement , and not subject to time step restriction to maintain stability .
We have developed a full quantum microscopic theory to analyze the time evolution of transversal and longitudinal components of an exciton-single photon system coupled to bulk acoustic phonons .	These components are subjected to two decay processes .
In large $ n $ systems , we demonstrate that for a short range system frustrated by a general competing long range interaction , the crossover temperature $ T^* $ veers towards the critical temperature of the unfrustrated short range system ( i.e. , that in which the frustrating long range interaction is removed ) .	We also show that apart from certain special crossover points , the total number of correlation and modulation lengths remains conserved .
The corresponding 95 % C.L .	upper limit on the cross section is 3.3 pb .
We construct a new many-body Hamiltonian with two- and three-body interactions in two space dimensions and obtain its exact many-body ground state for an arbitrary number of particles .	This ground state has a novel pairwise correlation .
The light quark mass ranges between 0.008 and 0.04 , covering strange .	In particular , we discuss charmed ( D and D* ) and charm-strange ( Ds and DsJ ) mesons with spin-parity JP= 0+/- and 1+/- .
The calcination temperature was 950 C and varied the sintering temperature to be 950 C and 980 C. The resistivity measurement by four-point-probe technique showed that the Tconset of Y123 , Y134 , Y145 , Y156 were at 97 K , 93 K , 91K , 85 K , respectively .	The XRD and Rietveld full-profile analysis method were used and found that the crystal structure was in the orthorhombic with Pmmm space group with the ratio c/a were 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 and 6.0 for Y123 , Y134 , Y145 and Y156 , respectively .
The initial state , operations , and measurements in the model all point to a natural bipartite split between the control qubit and the mixed ones .	Although there is no entanglement between these two parts , we show that the quantum discord across this split is nonzero for typical instances of the DQC1 ciruit .
It has been widely believed that the Hawking temperature for a black hole is $ uniquely $ determined by its metric and $ positive $ .	But , I find that this does `` not '' seem to be true in the recently discovered black holes which include the exotic black holes and the black holes in the three-dimensional higher curvature gravities .
In contrast , we show that over a cyclic group the automorphism group of any Schur ring is abelian .	We also prove a converse to the well-known result of Muzychuk \cite { muzychuk2 } that two Schur rings over a cyclic group are isomorphic if and only if they coincide ; namely , we show that over a group which is not cyclic , there always exist distinct isomorphic Schur rings .
Namely , we describe the sub-Riemannian geometry of $ S^3 $ arising through its right Lie group action over itself , the one inherited from the natural complex structure of the open unit ball in $ \comp^2 $ and the geometry that appears when considering the Hopf map as a principal bundle .	The main result of this comparison is that in fact those three structures coincide .
An important aspects of optimal control policies is the notion of cost .	Optimal control seeks to minimize a notion of cost , while meeting certain goals .
Speech recognition systems are often highly domain dependent , a fact widely reported in the literature .	However the concept of domain is complex and not bound to clear criteria .
He also made seminal contributions in analytic geometry , complex analysis and the theory of annuities .	The first biography of De Moivre , on which almost all subsequent ones have since relied , was written in French by Matthew Maty .
We find noise-induced periodic oscillations of the species concentrations and stochastic resonance phenomenon .	We find also a nonmonotonic behavior of the mean extinction time of one of the two competing species as a function of the additive noise intensity .
This system describes the dynamics of dislocation densities in a material submitted to an exterior applied stress .	The equations are written on a bounded interval with Dirichlet boundary conditions and require special attention to the boundary .
We consider two variants of the model .	In conserved particles model ( Model A ) , drivers continue their travelling even if they reached their destinations .
This approach can achieve a similar analyzing power ( Sherman function ) as state-of-the-art Mott scattering polarimeters , but with as much as 100 times improved efficiency due to increased reflectivity .	Performance is further enhanced by integrating the polarimeter into a time-of-flight ( TOF ) based energy analysis scheme with a precise and flexible electrostatic lens system .
The approach is based on the use of the instant form of relativistic Hamiltonian dynamics .	The main novel feature of this approach is the new method of construction of the matrix element of the electroweak current operator .
Vainshtein and V.I .	Zakahrov in 79 [ 1 ] .
Given this we can characterize the precise sense in which general relativity is a background independent theory .	The leading background independent approaches to quantum gravity are then discussed , including causal set models , loop quantum gravity and dynamical triangulations and their main achievements are summarized along with the problems that remain open .
We have calculated the projected LDOS for many different emitter positions in inverse opals in order to supply a theoretical interpretation for recent emission experiments and as reference results for future experiments and theory by other workers .	The results show that the LDOS in inverse opals strongly depends on the crystal lattice parameter as well as on the position and orientation of emitting dipoles .
A $ \phi $ -cover of a set $ T=\ { T_1 , T_2 , \dots , T_m\ } $ of pairwise non-crossing trees in the plane is a set of pairwise disjoint connected regions such that each tree $ T_i $ is contained in some region of the cover , and each region of the cover is either ( 1 ) $ \phi ( T_i ) $ for some $ i $ , or ( 2 ) $ \phi ( A \cup B ) $ , where $ A $ and $ B $ are constructed by either ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) , and $ A \cap B \neq \emptyset $ .	We present two properties for the function $ \phi $ that make the $ \phi $ -cover well-defined .
This instrument chops a 30\arcmin\ beam in a 3 position pattern with a throw of $ \pm40\arcmin $ , and simultaneously measures single and double differenced sky signals .	We observe in four spectral channels centered at 5.6 , 9.0 , 16.5 , and 22.5~\icm , providing sensitivity to the peak of the CMBR and to thermal emission from interstellar dust .
We propose that the CoGeNT and DAMA direct detection experiments are observing scattering of light stable states -- `` GeV-Matter '' -- that are charged under this force and constitute a small fraction of the dark matter halo .	Dark higgsinos in a supersymmetric dark sector are natural candidates for GeV-Matter that scatter off protons with a universal cross-section of 5 x 10^ { -38 } cm^2 and can naturally be split by 10-30 keV so that their dominant interaction with protons is down-scattering .
A simple quantum model describing the onset of time is presented .	This is combined with a simple quantum model of the onset of space .
Such a mission would serve as a first step beyond low Earth orbit and prove out operational spaceflight capabilities such as life support , communication , high speed re-entry , and radiation protection prior to more difficult human exploration missions .	On this proposed mission , the crew would teleoperate landers and rovers on the unexplored lunar farside , which would obtain samples from the geologically interesting farside and deploy a low radio frequency telescope .
Aims .	To determine the credentials of nine candidate intermediate polars in order to confirm whether or not they are magnetic cataclysmic variables.Methods .
We quantitatively and qualitatively compare our results with previously published work on cellular automata and show that randomly interconnected automata are computationally more efficient in solving these two global tasks .	Our approach also provides convergence and quality estimates and allows the networks to be randomly rewired during operation , without affecting the global performance .
Additionally , we consider the relaxation dynamics after a sudden change of the superlattice potential .	We numerically simulate the time-dependent evolution of the continuous system using exact diagonalization of non-interacting fermions .
Moreover , they may behave in a different way depending on the features of the data set and their input parameters values .	Therefore , in most applications the resulting clustering scheme requires some sort of evaluation as regards its validity .
We present a new approach to factor rotation for functional data .	This is achieved by rotating the functional principal components toward a predefined space of periodic functions designed to decompose the total variation into components that are nearly-periodic and nearly-aperiodic with a predefined period .
The problem is more difficult than the previous solution of the fixed endpoint problem as it requires regularization of the spatial integrals over the Bethe eigenfunctions .	We use either a large fixed system length or a small finite slope KPZ initial conditions ( wedge ) .
The method of matched asymptotic expansions is used to study the canonical problem of steady laminar flow through a narrow two-dimensional channel blocked by a tight-fitting finite-length highly permeable porous obstacle .	We investigate the behaviour of the local flow close to the interface between the single-phase and porous regions ( governed by the incompressible Navier -- Stokes and Darcy flow equations , respectively ) .
In this work we build a detailed dynamic model for a S0 galaxy possibly hosting a central massive dark object ( MDO ) .	We show that the photometric profiles and the kinematics along the major and minor axes , including the h3 and h4 profiles , imply the presence of a central MDO of mass M = 1.5 - 9.7 10^8 solar masses , i.e.0.3-2.8 % of the mass derived for the stellar spheroidal component .
Evidence at optical wavelengths points at HLX-1 being the remnant of an accreted dwarf galaxy .	Here we report the Australia Telescope Compact Array radio observations of HI emission in and around ESO 243-49 searching for signatures of a recent merger event .
The dimension range of $ L $ is the universal $ \sim $ -invariant homomorphism from $ ( L , \oplus,0 ) $ to a partial commutative monoid $ S $ , where $ \oplus $ denotes orthogonal sum in $ L $ .	Particular examples of espaliers include ( i ) complete Boolean algebras , ( ii ) direct summand lattices of nonsingular injective modules , ( iii ) complete , meet-continuous , complemented , modular lattices , and ( iv ) projection lattices in AW*-algebras .
Here , we report an experimental study of temperature-dependent Gilbert damping in permalloy ( Py ) thin films of varying thicknesses by ferromagnetic resonance .	From the thickness dependence , two independent contributions to the Gilbert damping are identified , namely bulk damping and surface damping .
Our observations were simultaneous in the Sloan u ' , g ' and r ' bands .	By phase-folding and averaging our data we make the first significant detection of the white dwarf ingress in this system and find the phase width of the white dwarf eclipse to be 0.0935 +/- 0.0003 , significantly higher than the previous best value of between 0.0863 and 0.0918 .
We found that these two Coulomb energies are different .	We have compared our results with the formulae used in different groups , which are proposed either { \it ad hov } , or from the classical electrostatic point of view .
Current inverse problem literature often approaches the problem by considering suitable point estimators for the task .	Typically the choice is made between the maximum a posteriori ( MAP ) or the conditional mean ( CM ) estimate .
We present an algorithm , called Predict , for updating beliefs in causal networks quantified with order-of-magnitude probabilities .	The algorithm takes advantage of both the structure and the quantification of the network and presents a polynomial asymptotic complexity .
( 2013 ) for 9019 fields towards the bulge and have $ 2.94\times 10^6 $ RC stars over a viewing area of $ 90.25 \ , \textrm { deg } ^2 $ .	The data include the number counts , mean distance modulus ( $ \mu $ ) , dispersion in $ \mu $ and full error matrix , from which we fit the data with several tri-axial parametric models .
This work contributes mainly in the following aspects : 1 ) AOP provides a simple and efficient scheme to simulate the ground state by solving a local optimization problem .	Its solution contains two kinds of boundary states , one of which play the role of the entanglement bath that mimic the interactions between a supercell and the infinite environment , and the other give the ground state in a tensor network ( TN ) form .
In contrast to the fragile PT-symmetric phase of a chain with constant hopping and imaginary impurity potentials , we show that , under very general conditions , our model is { \it always } in the PT-symmetric phase .	We numerically obtain the energy spectrum and the density of states of such a chain , and show that they are widely tunable .
We argue that fuzziness ( plasticity ) of conformational barcodes may be increased by disordered protein structures , by integrative plasticity of multi-phosphorylation events , by increased intracellular water content ( decreased molecular crowding ) and by increased action of molecular chaperones .	This leads to increased plasticity of signaling and cellular networks .
Using this , we compute Fukaya-Oh-Ohta-Ono 's ( FOOO 's ) obstruction ( co ) chains and the Floer cohomology of Lagrangian torus fibers of Fano toric manifolds .	In particular specializing to the formal parameter $ T^ { 2\pi } = e^ { -1 } $ , our computation verifies the folklore that FOOO 's obstruction ( co ) chains correspond to the Landau-Ginzburg superpotentials under the mirror symmetry correspondence , and also proves the prediction made by K. Hori about the Floer cohomology of Lagrangian torus fibers of Fano toric manifolds .
We present a Chandra study of mass profiles in 7 elliptical galaxies , of which 3 have galaxy-scale and 4 group-scale halos demarcated at 1E13Msun .	These represent the best available data for nearby objects with comparable X-ray luminosities .
Here , we perform molecular dynamics simulations of a coarse-grained , anisotropic potential , which mimics interatomic covalent bonding , to measure the critical cooling rates for metal-metalloid alloys as a function of the atomic size ratio $ \sigma_S/\sigma_L $ and number fraction $ x_S $ of the metalloid species .	We show that the regime in the space of $ \sigma_S/\sigma_L $ and $ x_S $ where well-mixed , optimal glass formers occur for patchy and LJ particle mixtures coincides with that for experimentally observed metal-metalloid glass formers .
One of the limitations is the ability to model a heterogeneous system in a consistent manner using the standard graph-theoretic formulation .	In this paper , we propose a { \em network-of-networks } approach for modeling power transmission networks in order to explicitly incorporate heterogeneity in the model .
In addition to a dozen spatially-extended meson operators , 44 two-meson operators are used , involving a wide variety of light isovector , isoscalar , and strange meson operators of varying relative momenta .	All needed Wick contractions are efficiently evaluated using a stochastic method of treating the low-lying modes of quark propagation that exploits Laplacian Heaviside quark-field smearing .
Our modeling accounts for the general relativistic effects of gravitational redshift and light bending near the stellar surface , and allows for local anisotropic emission .	We found that the surface temperature distribution on the neutron star is consistent with the expectations of a dipole magnetic field configuration ; the local radiation requires a pencil-beamed emission pattern , suggesting the presence of a magnetized atmosphere .
Next , we introduce the notion of a nest module of matrices with entries from $ D $ .	We then characterize submodules of nest modules of matrices over $ D $ in terms of certain finite sequences of left row reduced echelon or right column reduced echelon matrices with entries from $ D $ .
Among intermediate-mass young stellar objects ( YSOs ) , crystalline silicates have already been detected , but no firm detection has been reported so far for low-mass YSOs such as T Tauri stars .	This is the first clear detection of crystalline silicates in low-mass YSOs and shows that the crystallization event occurs even in the protoplanetary disk of low-mass YSOs in the T Tauri phase .
The main drawback have been the complicated and sometimes even mysterious stability treatment at boundaries and interfaces required for a stable scheme .	The research on summation-by-parts operators and weak boundary conditions during the last 20 years have removed this drawback and now reached a mature state .
The ratios of the OIII , NII , SIII and NeV lines have been used to determine electron densities in the ionised gas regions .	The CI lines , observed with SPIRE , have been used to measure the densities in the neutral gas , while the OI lines provide a measure of the gas temperature , at densities below 10000 cm-3 .
They exist with and without spectral parameter and they work for all of the four choices of potentials : the rational , trigonometric , hyperbolic and elliptic .	For the elliptic potential , the discrete symmetries of the simply laced models , originating from the automorphism of the extended Dynkin diagrams , are combined with the periodicity of the potential to derive a class of Calogero-Moser models known as the `twisted non-simply laced models ' .
For zero detuning and weak input intensity , the onset of optical isolation can be rigorously derived , and corresponds precisely to the PT transition point .	When the couplings to the external ports are unequal , the isolation ratio exhibits an abrupt jump at the transition point , determined by the ratio of the couplings .
When the delay exceeds a critical value , a limit cycle emerges via a supercritical Hopf bifurcation .	First , we calculate its frequency and trajectory perturbatively by applying the Poincar\'e-Lindstedt method .
This is a contribution to the growing body of work contrasting the representational power of deep and shallow network architectures .	In particular , we offer a framework for comparing deep and shallow models that belong to the family of piecewise linear functions based on computational geometry .
Magnetically modulated optical nanoprobes ( MagMOONs ) were used to detect and distinguish probe fluorescence from autofluorescent backgrounds in turbid media .	MagMOONs are micro/nano-sized particles with magnetically controlled orientation and orientation-dependent fluorescence .
When a person joins in an organization , he becomes authorize to take some decisions on behalf of that organization ; means he is given some authority to exercise .	After some time , on the basis of his performance in the organization , he is given promotion and he becomes eligible to exercise to some higher authorities .
The unjustified interference with electoral arrangements , as detailed above , irrespective of the alleged motivation , resulted in serious flaws being inflicted on the electoral process .	Additionally , questions remain as to whether or not there will be a full transfer of power from a military to civilian administration .
We study the phase structure and chiral limit of $ 4d $ compact lattice QED with Wilson fermions ( both dynamical and quenched ) .	We use the standard Wilson action ( WA ) and also the modified action ( MA ) with some lattice artifacts suppressed .
Stochastic uncertainty is assumed to enter multiplicatively in system dynamics through input and output channels of the plant .	We used the mean square notion for stochastic stability to address the analysis and controller synthesis problems of linear network systems .
In this encoding , a logical error only happens when the quasi-particles , subsequent to their excitation , travel a distance of the order of the spacing between the Majorana modes .	Here , we study the decay time of a quantum memory encoded in a clean topological nanowire interacting with an environment with a particular emphasis on the propagation of the quasi-particles above the gap .
The density power spectrum becomes shallower as M increases and the same is true for the column density power spectrum .	This trend is interpreted as a consequence of the simultaneous turbulent compressions , thermal instability generated density fluctuations , and the weakening of thermal pressure force in diffuse gas .
The data were collected by the CMS detector at the LHC , corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 36 inverse picobarns .	The number of observed events is in good agreement with the predictions for standard model processes .
A geometrical model of electric charge is proposed .	This model has `` naked '' charge screened with a `` fur - coat '' consisting of virtual wormholes .
For any sentence A in L^ & lt ; let f_A ( n ) denote the probability that the random G_ & lt ; ( n , p ) has property A .	It is known Compton , Henson and Shelah [ CHSh:245 ] that there are A for which f_A ( n ) does not converge .
We show how the AGBS model , originally developed for deep inelastic scattering applied to HERA data on the proton structure function , can also describe the RHIC data on single inclusive hadron yield for $ d+Au $ and $ p+p $ collisions through a new simultaneous fit .	The single inclusive hadron production is modeled through the color glass condensate , which uses the quark ( and gluon ) -- condensate amplitudes in momentum space .
If there are large extra dimensions and the fundamental Planck scale is at the TeV scale , then the question arises of whether ultra-high energy cosmic rays might probe them .	We study the neutrino-nucleon cross section in these models .
It is based on a new set of local fields which do not preserve chirality .	Thus this quantum number becomes `` deconfined '' in the strongly coupled regime .
We establish an upper bound on the Hausdorff dimension of the time singular set of those weak solutions when $ \theta $ is subcritical .	The result is an interpolation between the bound proved by Scheffer for the Navier-Stokes equations and the regularity result proved in \cite { A01 } .
In a two-band superconductor , two qualitatively different fluctuation modes related to the gap modules contribute to free energy and heat capacity , in addition to the phase fluctuations .	The first mode has divergent temperature behaviour since it accounts for the critical fluctuations around the phase transition point , Tc , along with pseudo-critical ones associated with former instability of the weaker-superconductivity component .
The high level SiC co-doping allowed creation of the intra-grain defects and nano-inclusions , which act as effective pinning centers , resulting in a substantial enhancement in the Jc ( H ) performance .	The transport Jc for all the wires is comparable to the magnetic Jc at higher fields despite the low density of the samples and percolative nature of current .
We reply to a recent comment by Diehl and Shpot ( cond-mat/0305131 ) criticizing a new approach to the Lifshitz critical behavior just presented ( M. M. Leite Phys.Rev .	B 67 , 104415 ( 2003 ) ) .
This definition can be regarded as the generalization of a precursor work , apparently unrelated to the polarization problem .	For uncorrelated electrons , the present finding coincides with the so-called `` single-point Berry phase '' formula , which can hardly be regarded as the approximation of a continuum integral , and is computationally very useful for disordered systems .
The issue depends critically on the choice of the quantum state and has been considered in this paper by restricting to the case of quantum wormholes .	It is seen that pure states represented by a wave functional are time symmetric .
Let $ \lambda_c ( T_\Delta ) $ denote the critical activity for the hard-model on the infinite $ \Delta $ -regular tree .	Weitz presented an FPTAS for the partition function when $ \lambda & lt ; \lambda_c ( T_\Delta ) $ for graphs with constant maximum degree $ \Delta $ .
The proper motion was determined using bona-fide Fornax star members measured with respect to a fiducial at-rest background spectroscopically confirmed Quasar , \qso .	Our homogeneous measurements , based on this one Quasar gives a value of ( \mua , \mud ) $ = ( 0.64 \pm 0.08 , -0.01 \pm 0.11 ) $ \masy .
We then invoke the self-consistency principle to define our wavelet estimators in the presence of incomplete data .	Major advantages of this approach include : ( i ) it can be coupled with almost any wavelet shrinkage methods , ( ii ) it can deal with non -- Gaussian or correlated noise , and ( iii ) it can automatically handle other kinds of missing or incomplete observations .
Once these states are reached , the mode amplitudes can be found algebraically and the system of equations is reduced from eight to two equations : spin and temperature evolution .	Eventually , the system may reach thermal equilibrium and either ( 1 ) undergo a cyclic evolution with a frequency change of at most 10 % , ( 2 ) evolve toward a full equilibrium state in which the accretion torque balances the gravitational radiation emission , or ( 3 ) enter a thermogravitational runaway on a very long timescale of about $ 10^6 $ years .
However , NNM tends to over-shrink the rank components and treats the different rank components equally , limiting its flexibility in practical applications .	We propose a more flexible model , namely the Weighted Schatten $ p $ -Norm Minimization ( WSNM ) , to generalize the NNM to the Schatten $ p $ -norm minimization with weights assigned to different singular values .
We noted that due to the high density of states of conduction electrons in metallic carbon nanotubes and the specific dispersion law inherent in hexagonal crystalline structure result in a uniquely high frequency gain than the corresponding values for semiconducting ones .	We suggest that this phenomenon can be used for domainless multiplication of the frequency of an electromagnetic signal at room temperature
These observations were obtained during the science demonstration phase of the MIDI instrument at the Very Large Telescope Interferometer ( VLTI ) .	Using MIDI , a Michelson 2 beam combiner that operates at the N band ( 8 to 13 microns ) , we obtained for the first time observations of 51 Oph in the mid-infrared at high-angular resolution .
A promising model for normal Type Ia supernova ( SN Ia ) explosions are delayed detonations of Chandrasekhar-mass white dwarfs , in which the burning starts out as a subsonic deflagration and turns at a later phase of the explosion into a supersonic detonation .	The mechanism of the underlying deflagration-to-detonation transition ( DDT ) is unknown in detail , but necessary conditions have been determined recently .
We report on the work presented in Phys.Lett .	B712 ( 2012 ) 97 , where a new one-parameter family of Landau gauges has been proposed for Yang-Mills theories , inspired by an analogy with disordered systems in condensed matter physics .
Using 2.92~fb $ ^ { -1 } $ of electron-positron annihilation data collected at $ \sqrt { s } = 3.773 $ ~GeV with the BESIII detector , we obtain the first measurements of the absolute branching fraction $ \mathcal { B } ( D^+ \to K^0_L e^+ \nu_e ) = ( 4.481 \pm 0.027 ( \mathrm { stat . } )	\pm 0.103 ( \mathrm { sys .
By varying the size disparity at a moderate fixed composition different relaxation scenarios are observed for the small particles .	For small disparity density-density correlators exhibit moderate stretching .
We present a linear analysis of the vertical structure and growth of the magnetorotational instability in stratified , weakly ionised accretion discs , such as protostellar and quiescent dwarf novae systems .	The method includes the effects of the magnetic coupling , the conductivity regime of the fluid and the strength of the magnetic field , which is initially vertical .
We include the effect of ohmic noise on the non-Markovian spin dynamics resulting in Kondo-type correlations , as well as cavity losses .	We compute the time evolution of spin variables in various conditions .
The ability to perform efficient photon number state detection is important in many quantum information processing applications , including recent proposals for performing quantum computation with linear optical elements .	In this paper we investigate the unique capabilities of the VLPC .
We present an improved translational gauge theory of dislocations including the dislocation density tensor and the dislocation current tensor .	The invariance of the variational principle under the continuous group of transformations is studied .
This extends to cobordisms the non-semi-simple invariants defined in ( arXiv:1202.3553 ) including the Kashaev invariant of links .	Here the modular category framework does not apply and we use the `` universal construction '' .
Namely , for each Markov state $ \phi $ on the spin algebra $ A : = { \bar { \otimes_ { j\in Z } M_ { d_ { j } } } ^ { C^ { * } } } $ there exists a suitable maximal Abelian subalgebra $ D\subset A $ , a Umegaki conditional expectation $ E : A\mapsto D $ and a Markov measure $ \mu $ on $ spec ( D ) $ such that $ \phi=\phi_ { \mu } \circ E $ , the Markov state $ \phi_ { \mu } $ , being the state on $ D $ arising from the measure $ \mu $ .	An analogous result is true for non homogeneous quantum processes based on the forward or the backward chain .
Here , we prove a fundamental limitation to deciding if an unknown state is entangled or not : we show that any quantum measurement which can answer this question necessarily gives enough information to identify the state completely .	Therefore , only prior information regarding the state can make entanglement detection less expensive than full state tomography in terms of the demanded quantum resources .
Results demonstrate that steps of longest-path attacks increase with network density linearly for random networks , while exponentially increasing for scale-free networks .	The more homogeneous the degree distribution is , the more fragile the network , which is totally different from the previous results of node or edge attacks .
Our 2dF data extend out to 20 arcmin radius ( ~50 kpc ) , much further than previous studies .	In the combined sample , we tentatively find a steep drop in the velocity dispersion with radius , which might possibly indicate a truncated halo .
In particular , linear transport through one-dimensional and two-dimensional finite-size networks is studied by means of the scattering formalism .	In some particular quantum networks , the action of the magnetic field or of the Rashba spin-orbit coupling induces localization of the electron wave function .
Properties of bosonic atoms in small systems with a periodic quasi one-dimensional circular toroidal lattice potential subjected to rotation are examined by performing exact diagonalization in a truncated many body space .	The expansion of the many-body Hamiltonian is considered in terms of the first band Bloch functions , and no assumption regarding restriction to nearest-neighbor hopping ( tight-binding approximation ) is involved .
Firstly using the cylinder-valued momentum map and secondly lifting the action to any Hamiltonian cover ( such as the universal cover ) , and then performing symplectic reduction in the usual way .	We show that provided the action is free and proper , and the Hamiltonian holonomy associated to the action is closed , the natural projection from the latter to the former is a symplectic cover .
We found that the stoichiometric CsNi $ _ { 2 } $ Se $ _ { 2 } $ compound is a superconductor with a transition temperature \textit { T $ _ { c } $ } =2.7K .	A large Sommerfeld coefficient $ \gamma $ $ _ { n } $ ( $ \sim $ 77.90 mJ/mol $ \cdot $ K $ ^ { -2 } $ ) , was obtained from the normal state electronic specific heat .
We study the propagation of light in a three-dimensional double-periodic Ag/TiO2 multilayer metamaterial composed of coupled plasmonic waveguides operating in the visible and UV spectral range .	For these frequencies , light propagation in the plane of the waveguides is described by a negative phase velocity , while for the orthogonal direction light propagation is described by a Bloch wave composed of a large number of harmonics .
In such experiments , the inherently low signal to noise ratios mean that accurate algorithms to separate true signal and background noise are essential to generate meaningful results .	To this end , we have developed a new and robust method to reduce noise in single molecule fluorescence images by using a Gaussian Markov Random Field ( GMRF ) prior in a Bayesian framework .
The interaction of two lasers with a difference frequency near that of the ambient plasma frequency produces beat waves that can resonantly accelerate thermal electrons .	These beat waves can be used to drive electron current and thereby embed magnetic fields into the plasma [ D. R. Welch et al. , Phys.Rev.Lett .
Plasma effects for all bosons are also included .	Assuming CP conservation at zero temperature , so that experimental constraints coming from , { \it e.g . } , the electric dipole moment of the neutron are avoided , and the electroweak phase transition to be of the first order and proceeding via bubble nucleation , we show that spontaneous CP breaking can not occur inside the bubble mainly due to large effects coming from the Higgs sector .
The first ones are two representative P2P overlays ( CAN and Pas- try ) and the others are specific implementations of \Omega ( the leader oracle ) and one-shot query abstractions for dynamic settings .	Our study aims at understanding the limits and respective power of existing self-organized protocols and lays the basis of designing robust algorithm for dynamic systems .
We propose a model that jointly considers several important characteristics of heterogeneous LTE system , including the usage of orthogonal frequency division multiple access ( OFDMA ) , the frequency-selective fading for each link , the interference among different links , and the different transmission capabilities of different types of base stations .	We also consider the cost of energy by taking into account the power consumption , including that for wireless transmission and that for operation , of base stations and the price of energy .
Second , even if a light Higgs boson exists , does it have to be necessarily elementary ?	After a brief introduction , I shall first review the fine-tuning aspects of the MSSM , NMSSM , generalized NMSSM and GMSB scenarios .
The tensor-to-scalar ratio depends only on the number of e-foldings and is independent of the number of fields , their masses , and their initial conditions .	It therefore always has the same value as for a single massive field .
The workshop `` The Helicity Structure of the Nucleon '' ( BNL June 5 , 2006 ) was organized as part of the 2006 RHIC & amp ; AGS Users ' Meeting to review the status of the spin problem and future directions .	The presentations can be found at http : //www.phenix.bnl.gov/WWW/publish/caidala/UsersHelicityWorkshop2006/ .
The proportions of oxygen , carbon and major rock-forming elements ( e.g.Mg , Fe , Si ) determine a planet 's dominant mineralogy .	Variation in a planet 's mineralogy subsequently affects planetary mantle dynamics as well as any deep water or carbon cycle .
The second one is equivalent to a generalisation of Shi tableaux to the rational level of Catalan combinatorics .	These rational Shi tableaux encode dominant $ p $ -stable elements in the affine symmetric group .
Here we formulate cancer growth in mathematical terms and obtain predictions for the evolution of senescence .	We perform experiments in human melanoma cells which are compatible with the hierarchical model and show that senescence is a reversible process controlled by survivin .
The simulations confirm previous related results of magnetofrictional relaxation runs , in particular that stable flux rope equilibria represent key features of the observed pre-eruption coronal structure very well and that there is a limiting value of the axial flux in the rope for the existence of stable NLFFF equilibria .	The specific limiting value is located within a tighter range , due to the sharper discrimination between stability and instability by the MHD description .
The latter can be subsumed under two types : ( i ) exponential convergence , and ( ii ) damped oscillations around general relativity .	As an illustration we present an example of oscillating dark energy .
We adopt in our simulations a heating parameter described by gamma , which is responsible for the thermal acceleration of the wind .	We analyze winds with polar magnetic field intensities ranging from 1 to 20G .
Recent studies have indicated that TOA based protocols have serious vulnerabilities under some distributed denial-of-service ( DDoS ) attacks , and raised doubt about deployability of BF based multicasting .	However , security analysis for DOA based protocols is still unavailable .
We describe multi-wavelength ( 8 -- 20 micron ) , diffraction-limited , mid-infrared images of the OMC-1 cloud core in Orion , covering an approximately two arcminute area around the Trapezium and BN/KL regions .	We have detected mid-infrared emission at the locations of a subset of the previously identified proplyds in the Orion Nebula along with two new infrared sources .
Moreover , since the coating layers are homogeneous rather than exhibiting continuous material variation , a minimal number of these layers must be inserted and hence reduces added simulation time and computational expense .	As said coating layers are not reflectionless however , they do induce artificial field scattering that corrupts legitimate field signatures due to the ( effective ) interface tilting .
Above a critical density and below a critical temperature the photogenerated electrons and holes separate into two phases , an electron-hole plasma and an exciton liquid , with a clear sharp boundary between them .	The two phases are characterized by distinct photoluminescence spectra and by different electrical conductance .
A proposal due to Peres of how such difficulties could be removed is reformulated and extended .	Cluster separability leads to a locality requirement on observables and to the key notion of separation status .
The main aim of the present work is to address the most reliable formation scenario for this object , by comparing the observed properties , i.e.structure , baryonic mass , kinematics and chemical abundances , with the theoretical predictions .	In particular , we have used archival spectroscopic data , to derive the metallicity in the ring : we found a very low , sub-solar average value of Z = 0.3 Zsun , comparable with other polar ring/disk galaxies , but lower than those measured for ordinary spirals of similar luminosity .
It is shown that the magnetic field of the wave is different from zero and performs higher frequency oscillations compared to the plasma electron frequency .	An increase in the nonlinearity leads to strengthening of magnetic field .
The guest structure forms chains of atoms embedded in the channels of host atoms so that the axial ratio of these subcells along the c axis is not rational .	Two types of the host-guest structures have been found so far : with the host cells containing 8 atoms and 16 atoms ; in these both types the guest cells contain 2 atoms .
We report on atomistic simulation of the folding of a natively-knotted protein , MJ0366 , based on a realistic force field .	To the best of our knowledge this is the first reported effort where a realistic force field is used to investigate the folding pathways of a protein with complex native topology .
Some of these bursts were imaged while gamma-ray radiation was being detected by BATSE .	We identified no optical counterparts associated with gamma-ray bursts amongst these events at the m $ _V $ $ \sim $ 7.0 to 8.5 sensitivity level .
We show that a simple quantum-mechanical model , put forward by Stone sometime ago , affords description of site magnetoelectricity , a phenomenon which takes place in crystals ( and molecular systems ) when space inversion is locally broken and coexistence of electric and magnetic moments is permitted by the site point group .	We demonstrate this by identifying a local order parameter , which is odd under both space inversion and time reversal .
They have been attributed to the heavy calcium isotopes , including Ca-48 .	One member of the triplet , $ \lambda $ 8542 , had been either unavailable , or of poor quality in earlier spectra .
[ 1 ] and Ingle et al . [ 2 ] .	In comparing computed to measured quasiparticle dispersions , we however find good agreement in the alpha-band alone .
In addition to the conventional liquid-crystal phases such as the nematic phase , we predict the existence of novel liquid phases , including the spontaneously chiral nematic $ ( N_T + 2 ) ^* $ and chiral polar $ ( V_T + 2 ) ^* $ phases , the orientationally-ordered but optically isotropic tetrahedratic $ T $ phase , and a novel nematic $ N_T $ phase with $ D_ { 2d } $ symmetry that is neither uniaxial nor biaxial .	Interestingly , the Isotropic-Tetrahedratic transition is { \em continuous } in mean-field theory , but is likely driven first-order by thermal fluctuations .
The direct Coulomb $ 2s\to 1s $ deexcitation is proved to be the dominant quenching mechanism of the $ 2s $ state at kinetic energy below $ 2p $ threshold and explain the lifetime of the metastable $ 2s $ state and high-energy 0.9 keV component of $ ( \mu p ) _ { 1S } $ observed at low densities .	The cross sections of the elastic , Stark and Coulomb deexcitation processes have been calculated in the close-coupling approach taking into account for the first time both the closed channels and the threshold effects due to vacuum polarization shifts of the $ ns $ states .
We propose an optimization of the file allocation in telecommunication operators content sharing servers to improve the QoE through files duplication , thus bringing the files closer to the consumers .	This optimization allows the network operator to set the level of QoE and to have control over the users access cost by setting a number of parameters .
We show that a consistent renormalization can be carried out , and we provide an explicit construction of the counterterms needed to eliminate the subdivergences .	The counterterms are calculated from the solution of an auxiliary gap equation which determines the leading asymptotic part of the self-energy .
The domain occupied by the tumor in this setting is a growing continuum $ \Omega $ with boundary $ \partial \Omega $ both of which evolve in time .	Global-in-time weak solutions are obtained using an approach based on penalization of the boundary behavior , diffusion and viscosity in the weak formulation .
We outline the CFHTLenS analysis pipeline , describing how and why every step of the chain from the raw pixel data to the lensing shear and photometric redshift measurement has been revised and improved compared to previous analyses of a subset of the same data .	We present a novel method to identify data which contributes a non-negligible contamination to our sample and quantify the required level of calibration for the survey .
Both techniques are applied to the portfolio of the 300 most capitalized stocks traded at New York Stock Exchange during the time period 2001-2003 .	We show that the Average Linkage Minimum Spanning Tree recognizes economic sectors and sub-sectors as communities in the network slightly better than the Minimum Spanning Tree does .
In this paper , first , we show that a polynilpotent group $ G $ of class row $ ( c_1 , ... , c_t ) $ has no any $ { \cal N } _ { c_1 , ... , c_t , c_ { t+1 } } $ -covering group if its Baer-invariant with respect to the variety $ { \cal N } _ { c_1 , ... , c_t , c_ { t+1 } } $ is nontrivial .	As an immediate consequence , we can conclude that a solvable group $ G $ of length $ c $ with nontrivial solvable multiplier , $ { \cal S } _nM ( G ) $ , has no $ { \cal S } _n $ -covering group for all $ n & gt ; c $ , where $ { \cal S } _n $ is the variety of solvable groups of length at most $ n $ .
Recently , convolutional neural networks ( CNN ) have demonstrated impressive performance in various computer vision tasks .	However , high performance hardware is typically indispensable for the application of CNN models due to the high computation complexity , which prohibits their further extensions .
The modal functions of a single layer ended by PMLs are found , and their orthogonality relation is derived .	The present method is useful to simulate scattering problems from dielectric objects as well as propagation in planar slab waveguides .
Due to the system expansion in a first order phase transition scenario , the speed of sound reduces to zero as the specific heat diverges .	We study the speed of sound for systems , which deviate from a thermalized Boltzmann distribution using non-extensive Tsallis statistics .
In the present communication we consider the one-dimensional ( 1D ) isotopically disordered lattice with the harmonic potential .	Our analytical method is adequate for any 1D lattice where potential energy can be presented as the quadratic form $ U=\frac12 \sum_ { i , j } q ( i ) U_ { ij } q ( j ) $ , where $ q ( i ) $ -- coordinate or velocity of $ i $ -th particle .
The sum of the winding numbers of an ensemble of vortices has to vanish ; otherwise the system would have a logarithmically divergent energy .	In turn , these vortices exhibit classical confinement .
This generalizes the recent proposal by Miyaji et al .	for bulk local operators in the three dimensional AdS .
They turn out to be the direct sums of spaces of the form S^p ( H , K ) , where H , K are Hilbert spaces .	This result is related to some previous work of Arazy-Friedman giving a description of all 1-complemented subspaces of S^p in terms of the Cartan factors of types 1-4 .
We prove that the free energy of an arbitrary closed 3-manifold is uniformly Gevrey-1 .	As a corollary , it follows that the genus $ g $ part of the free energy is convergent in a neighborhood of zero , independent of the genus .
We present positions and velocities for 796 planetary nebulae ( PNe ) in the Fornax Brightest Cluster Galaxy NGC 1316 ( Fornax A ) .	The planetary nebulae and existing kinematics are used to explore the rotation of this merger remnant and constrain dynamical models.Methods .
This state of the model is relevant to the physics of cold atom systems , in non-equilibrium situations obtained by fast sweeping through a Feshbach resonance .	We show that in this integrable system with two degrees of freedom , for any initial condition close to the unstable point , the classical dynamics is controlled by a singularity of the focus-focus type .
Both CeRhAl $ _ { 4 } $ Si $ _ { 2 } $ and CeIrAl $ _ { 4 } $ Si $ _ { 2 } $ order antiferromagnetically below $ T_ { N1 } $ =14 and 16 K , respectively , and undergo a second antiferromagnetic transitition at lower temperature ( $ T_ { N2 } $ =9 and 14 K , respectively ) .	CePtAl $ _ { 4 } $ Si $ _ { 2 } $ orders ferromagnetically below $ T_C $ =3 K with an ordered moment of $ \mu_ { sat } $ =0.8 $ \mu_ { B } $ for a magnetic field applied perpendicular to the $ c $ -axis .
The $ \epsilon_ { K } $ parameter is accounted for by supersymmetric contributions .	The predictions for other CP violating observables are very different from the Standard Model .
To avoid the light cone singularity at p^ { + } =0 , one world sheet coordinate had to be discretized , introducing a cutoff into the model.In the earlier work , this cutoff could not be removed , making the model unreliable .	In the present article , we show that , by a careful choice of the mass counter term , both the infrared singularity at p^ { + } =0 and the ultraviolet mass divergences can be simultaneously eliminated .
A class of models based on a product gauge group , such as the SU ( 5 ) _ { GUT } times U ( 3 ) _H or the SU ( 5 ) _ { GUT } times U ( 2 ) _H , realize naturally the desired mass splitting that is protected by an unbroken R symmetry .	It has been pointed out that various features in the models suggest that these product-group unification models are embedded in a supersymmetric brane world .
We revisit the construction of the viable parameter space of No-Scale F-SU ( 5 ) , a model built on the F-lipped SU ( 5 ) xU ( 1 ) _X gauge group , supplemented by a pair of F-theory derived vector-like multiplets at the TeV scale , and the dynamically established boundary conditions of No-Scale Supergravity .	Employing an updated numerical algorithm and a substantially upgraded computational engine , we significantly enhance the scope , detail and accuracy of our prior study .
An application of the new formulation of the eigenchannel method [ R. Szmytkowski , Ann.Phys .	( N.Y. ) { \bf 311 } , 503 ( 2004 ) ] to quantum scattering of Dirac particles from non-local separable potentials is presented .
The results indicate that the timing residuals induced by gravitational waves from such sources in PTA would show a peculiar angular dependence with a marked enhancement around a particular value of the angle subtended by the source and the pulsars , depending mainly on the actual value of the cosmological constant and the distance to the source .	The position of the peak could represent a gauge of the value of \Lambda .
Assuming certain conjectures in number theory , we show that there exist hyperbolic rational homology 3-spheres with arbitrarily large injectivity radius .	These examples come from a tower of abelian covers of an explicit arithmetic 3-manifold .
The INTEGRAL Science Data Centre ( ISDC ) processes , archives and distributes data from the INTEGRAL mission .	At the ISDC incoming data from the satellite are processed and searched for transient sources and Gamma-Ray bursts .
Results are derived for screens in the shape of a plane , cube and sphere from unitarity in the exponentially small transition probability for a detection outside .	We derive $ I=2\pi \Delta\varphi $ in $ \log2 $ bits for the imaging of a particle by a spherical screen at a relative de Broglie phase $ \Delta\varphi $ .
The Google matrix analysis allows to obtain reliable ranking of countries and activity sectors and to determine the sensitivity of CheiRank-PageRank commercial balance of countries in respect to price variations and labor cost in various countries .	We demonstrate that the developed approach takes into account multiplicity of network links with economy interactions between countries and activity sectors thus being more efficient compared to the usual export-import analysis .
In this paper we propose a possible explanation of the active neutrino Majorana masses with the TeV scale new physics which also provide a dark matter candidate .	We extend the Standard Model ( SM ) with a local U ( 1 ) ' symmetry and introduce a seesaw relation for the vacuum expectation values ( VEVs ) of the exotic scalar singlets , which break the U ( 1 ) ' spontaneously .
We show that the remnants of the original fractal geometry survive and leave an imprint in the system time averaged observables , even for large times compared to the approximate oscillation period of the mean field , determined by the model parameters .	This behavior becomes more transparent in the evolution of a deterministic Cantor-like scalar field configuration .
Examples of applications of neutrosophic logic to physics are listed in the last section .	Similar generalizations can be done for n-Valued Refined Neutrosophic Set , and respectively n- Valued Refined Neutrosopjhic Probability .
We next investigate the mechanisms of homogeneous broadening - population relaxation and pure dephasing - and evaluate their relative importance in linear and two-dimensional aggregates .	Our second main result is that pure dephasing dominates the line width in two-dimensional systems up to a crossover temperature , which explains the linear temperature dependence of the homogeneous line width .
The resulting scheme solves the challenging component of the ( nonlinear ) Hamiltonian and can be combined with optimized splitting methods to yield efficient algorithms for rotating Bose-Einstein condensates .	The method is particularly efficient for potentials that can be regarded as perturbed rotating and trapped condensates , e.g. , for small nonlinearities , since it retains the near-integrable structure of the problem .
Such high-level regularities in the evolution of entities are detected by combining spatial and temporal features into a spatio-temporal dissimilarity measure and using semi-supervised clustering techniques .	The relations between the evolution phases are modeled using a graph structure , inferred simultaneously with the partition , by using a `` slow changing world '' assumption .
We suggest that a resummation of the logarithmic \el^2 \ln^n \el terms is necessary in order to establish an interpolation to the weakly coupled gauge theory results .	In the process , we set up a general framework for the calculation of higher loop corrections to the energy of multi-spin string configurations .
We will refer to this as `` diversity '' .	Diversity comes at a price , however , since each new realization adds new unknown nonzero values , thus increasing uncertainty .
Here $ X $ is a Banach space , $ \Bbb J= ( \alpha , \infty ) , [ \alpha , \infty ) $ or $ \Bbb R $ .	Usually $ \Cal A\subset\Cal M\Cal A\subset \Cal M^2\Cal A\subset ... $ .
Because the majority of massive stars are born as members of close binary systems , populations of massive main-sequence stars contain stellar mergers and products of binary mass transfer .	We simulate populations of massive stars accounting for all major binary evolution effects based on the most recent binary parameter statistics and extensively evaluate the effect of model uncertainties .
We provide a thorough analysis of the non-equilibrium thermodynamical properties of the climate system and explore , using a a flexible climate model , how such properties depend on the energy input of the parent star , on the infrared atmospheric opacity , and on the rotation rate .	It is possible to reproduce the multi-stability properties reminiscent of the paleoclimatologically relevant snowball ( SB ) - warm ( W ) conditions .
Early Chandra observations have shown that the most massive star system in the Orion Trapezium Cluster , theta2 Ori A , shows rapid variability on time scales of hours .	We determine X-ray fluxes and find that the star shows very strong variability over the last 5 years .
When born with sufficient differential rotation , these stars are susceptible to a shear instability ( the `` low-T/|W| instability '' ) , but such rotation can also amplify magnetic fields to strengths where they have a considerable impact on the dynamics of the stellar matter .	Using a new magnetohydrodynamics module for the Spectral Einstein Code , we have simulated a differentially-rotating neutron star in full 3D to study the effects of magnetic fields on this instability .
The surface effects as well as the difference of two degenerate states on the resistivity are analyzed .	Comparison with non frustrated antiferromagnets is shown to highlight the frustration effect .
This paper takes a speculative point of view , in that it assumes that a special Lagrangian torus fibration exists on X .	We address a number of questions of a topological nature : what is the relationship between the cohomology of X and the cohomology of the dual fibration ?
The equation of state of symmetric nuclear matter has been investigated within Brueckner approach adopting the charge-dependent Argonne $ V_ { 18 } $ two-body force plus a microscopic three-body force based on a meson-exchange model .	The effects on the equation of state of the individual processes giving rise to the three-body force are explored up to high baryonic density .
We develop the model of the critical phenomena of strongly interacting matter at high temperatures and baryon densities .	The dual Yang-Mills theory with scalar degrees of freedom ( the dilatons ) is used .
In three cases a double point sources is observed : 0033+595 , with 1.58 arcsec separation , and 0502+675 and 1440+122 , each with $ \sim 0.3 $ arcsec separation .	The last two also show one or more galaxies , which could be either host or lensing galaxies .
In this paper , we present a discrete version of the bat algorithm to solve the well-known symmetric and asymmetric traveling salesman problems .	In addition , we propose an improvement in the basic structure of the classic bat algorithm .
For this Lorentzian line , the internal field at the $ ^ { 51 } $ V nuclei stays constant for $ \mu_0 H & gt ; 41.4 $ T , indicating that the majority of magnetic moments in LiCuVO $ _4 $ are already saturated in this field range .	This result is inconsistent with the previously observed linear field dependence of the magnetization $ M ( H ) $ for $ H_ { \rm c3 } & lt ; H & lt ; H_ { \rm sat } $ with $ \mu_0H_ { \rm sat } =45 $ T [ L. E. Svistov { \it et al } . , JETP Letters { \bf 93 } , 21 ( 2011 ) ] .
We consider this question both in the context of a simple binary classifier , which seeks to predict the direction of the next mid-price movement , and a probabilistic classifier , which seeks to predict the probability that the next mid-price movement will be upwards .	To implement these classifiers , we fit logistic regressions between the queue imbalance and the direction of the subsequent mid-price movement for each of 10 liquid stocks on Nasdaq .
Let $ E_f $ be the energy of some knot $ \tau $ for any $ f $ from certain class of functions .	The problem is to find knots with extremal values of energy .
We review the possible roles of large scale shocks as particle accelerators in clusters of galaxies .	Recent observational and theoretical work has suggested that high energy charged particles may constitute a substantial pressure component in clusters .
A probabilistic motion model of mobile sensing nodes , inspired by motion characteristics of cockroaches , is utilized to extract weak encounter information in order to build a topological representation of the environment .	Neighbor to neighbor interactions among the nodes are exploited to build point clouds representing spatial features of the manifold characterizing the environment based on the sampled data .
HS0702+6043 ( DW Lyn ) is one of a few objects to show characteristics of both types and is hence classified as hybrid pulsator .	It is one of our targets in the EXOTIME program to search for planetary companions around extreme horizontal branch objects .
A linear scaling between the spin diffusion length and the diffusion coefficient is observed .	We measure nearly identical spin- and charge diffusion coefficients indicating that electron-electron interactions are relatively weak and transport is limited by impurity potential scattering .
We analytically derive the steady-state radial distribution of poloidal fields in highly conducting accretion disks .	The analytic solution reveals an upper limit on the strength of large-scale vertical fields attainable in steady states .
The changes in the hadronic spectral function induced by temperature are discussed within the ambit of the Walecka type model , gauged linear and non-linear sigma models , hidden local symmetry approach and QCD sum rule approach .	Possibility of observing the direct thermal photon and lepton pair from quark gluon plasma has been contrasted with those from hot hadronic matter with and without medium effects for various mass variation scenarios .
Topic modeling is a very powerful technique in data analysis and data mining but it is generally slow .	Many parallelization approaches have been proposed to speed up the learning process .
This is reminiscent of the behavior of nonmagnetic 2-d systems , and reflects a general tendency of certain properties of bulk helimagnets to appear effectively 2-d .	The sign of the effect is opposite to that in nonmagnetic 2-d materials .
This renormalization is achieved through a set of canonical transformations .	The renormalized linear dispersion of these renormalized waves is obtained and shown to be in excellent agreement with numerical experiments .
The model lightcurves are dominated by strong peaks ( either double or single ) of caustic origin .	Unlike in other pulsar models with caustic effects , the double peaks arise due to crossing two caustics , each of which is associated with a different magnetic pole .
Within research institutions like CERN ( European Organization for Nuclear Research ) there are often disparate databases ( different in format , type and structure ) that users need to access in a domain-specific manner .	Users may want to access a simple unit of information without having to understand detail of the underlying schema or they may want to access the same information from several different sources .
This paper aims to resolve a contradiction in past attempts , whereby some studies indicate that no such processes occur.Methods .	We self-consistently simulate three-waved based plasma emission through all stages by using 2D , fully kinetic , electromagnetic particle-in-cell simulations of relaxing electron beams using the EPOCH2D code.Results .
Further , we observed both the skipping orbits of excited atoms traveling down our system 's edges , analogues to edge magnetoplasmons in 2-D electron systems , and a dynamical Hall effect for bulk excitations .	Our lattice 's long direction consisted of the sites of an optical lattice and its narrow direction consisted of the internal atomic spin states .
A sufficient condition for the confinement of quarks is presented .	Quarks are shown to be unobservable .
The first -- - the Shi arrangement -- - was introduced by Jian-Yi Shi to describe the Kazhdan-Lusztig cells in the affine Weyl group of type $ A $ .	The second -- - the Ish arrangement -- - was recently defined by the first author who used the two arrangements together to give a new interpretation of the $ q , t $ -Catalan numbers of Garsia and Haiman .
[ 11 ] how a diffeomorphism-invariant Hamiltonian dynamics is to be constructed .	The starting point is the action by Ashtekar and Pierri because it contains the boundary term that makes it differentiable for non-trivial variations at infinity .
Compact dust continuum emission is observed from all sources in the sample .	Twenty-one sources in the sample show signatures of binarity/multiplicity , with separations ranging from 50 to 5000 AU .
We detected a dim X-ray source in the SIS data at the position consistent to SAX J1808.4-3658 .	The source count rate was ( 1.1+-0.4 ) x10E-3 cts/s ( 0.5-5 keV ) for a single SIS , which corresponds to ( 3+-1 ) x10E-14 ergs/s/cmE2 if a power law energy spectrum of photon index 2 with low-energy absorption corresponding to a hydrogen column density of 1.3x10E21 cmE-2 is assumed .
The basis functions are related to solutions of a linear renormalization group equation , and the basis functions have structure on all scales .	Numerical methods based on this renormalization group equation are discussed .
We recently developed an extension , called Retroactive Call Subsumption , that improves upon call subsumption by supporting bidirectional sharing of answers between subsumed/subsuming subgoals .	In this paper , we present both an algorithm and an extension to the table space data structures to efficiently implement instance retrieval of subgoals for subsumptive tabled evaluation of logic programs .
The model belongs to the class of pseudo-Euclidean generalized Toda chains .	It is presented as a quasi-homogeneous system after transformations of phase variables .
We observed a total of 26 systems using ULTRACAM mounted on ESO 's 3.5m New Technology Telescope ( NTT ) at La Silla .	Our photometric observations reveal pulsations in seven WDs of our sample , including the first pulsating white dwarf with a main-sequence companion in a post common envelope binary , SDSSJ1136+0409 .
We introduce a notion of topological entropy for continuous actions of compactly generated topological groups on compact Hausdorff spaces .	It is shown that any continuous action of a compactly generated topological group on a compact Hausdorff space with vanishing topological entropy is amenable .
The approach is based on Description and Logic Mismatch Probability of a BPEL Process that will be reused within potential contexts .	The mismatch probabilities have been consolidated to a metric formula for quantifying the probability of potential reuse of BPEL processes .
We present a multi-wavelength study of the radio-loud narrow line Seyfert 1 galaxy ( NLSy1 ) , 1H 0323+342 , detected by Fermi Gamma Ray Space Telescope .	Multi-band light curves show many orphan X-ray and optical flares having no corresponding { \gamma } -ray counterparts .
In \cite { HO1 } , it was shown that there is a topology on $ \C^2\sqcup S^3 $ homeomorphic to a 4-ball such that the H\'enon mapping extends continuously .	That paper used a delicate analysis of some asymptotic expansions , for instance , to understand the structure of forward images of lines near infinity .
Expression for the effective brane cosmological constant in such model has been derived .	It is shown that similar to the 5-dimensional Randall-Sundrum model a fine tuning between the bulk cosmological constant and brane tension is required to obtain the desired cosmological constant on the brane .
A fixing set $ \mathcal { F } $ of a graph $ G $ is a set of those vertices of the graph $ G $ which when assigned distinct labels removes all the automorphisms from the graph except the trivial one .	The fixing number of a graph $ G $ , denoted by $ fix ( G ) $ , is the smallest cardinality of a fixing set of $ G $ .
Consequently , studying ( the existence of ) non-locally AdS3 solutions to chiral gravity is relevant to understand the quantum theory .	Here , we discuss a special family of non-locally AdS3 solutions to chiral gravity .
Let p_j ( n ) ( a_ { t , j } ( n ) ) denote a number of partitions ( t-cores ) of n with BG-rank=j .	Here , we provide an elegant combinatorial proof that 5|p_j ( 5n+4 ) by showing that the residue of the 5-core crank mod 5 divides the partitions enumerated by p_j ( 5n+4 ) into five equal classes .
The influence of the chain length and of a ( extra ) non-electrostatic short range attraction between the polycations and the negatively charged substrate is considered .	We show that the stability as well as the microstructure of the PE layers are especially sensitive to the strength of this latter interaction .
They include the magnetic CFL ( MCFL ) phase that becomes relevant for fields of the order of the gap scale ; the paramagnetic CFL , important when the field is of the order of the Meissner mass , and a spin-one condensate associated to the magnetic moment of the Cooper pairs , significant at fields of the order of the chemical potential .	We discuss the equation of state ( EoS ) of MCFL matter for a large range of field values and consider possible applications of the magnetic effects on dense quark matter to the astrophysics of compact stars .
To reach this goal , a better understanding of the hadronic interaction models is crucial .	It is good to see that more dedicated accelerator and cosmic ray experiments will be conducted soon .
The key observation in relating the two classes of laser is that the influence of a finite capture time on the operation of quantum dot lasers can be approximated well by a suitable choice of the gain compression factor in quantum well lasers .	Our findings are applied to the rate equations for both conventional ( spin-unpolarized ) and spin lasers in which spin-polarized carriers are injected optically or electrically .
We present a comprehensive study of phase transitions in single-field systems that relax to a non-equilibrium global steady state .	The mechanism we focus on is not the so-called Stratonovich drift combined with collective effects , but is instead similar to the one associated with noise-induced transitions a la Horsthemke-Lefever in zero-dimensional systems .
The posterior distribution of the number of components k in a finite mixture satisfies a set of inequality constraints .	The result holds irrespective of the parametric form of the mixture components and under assumptions on the prior distribution weaker than those routinely made in the literature on Bayesian analysis of finite mixtures .
A deep , continuum-subtracted , image of NGC 7293 has been obtained in the light of the Halpha+ [ N II ] emission lines .	New images of two filamentary halo stuctures have been obtained and the possible detection of a collimated outflow made .
In the next step , an ellipsoidal pore is introduced into a new , generally orthotropic , matrix to make provision for the presence of crimp voids and transverse and delamination cracks resulting from the thermal transformation of a polymeric precursor into the carbon matrix .	Other sources of imperfections also attributed to the manufacturing processes , including non-uniform texture of the reinforcements , are taken into consideration through the histograms of inclination angles measured along the fiber tow path together with a particular shape of the equivalent ellipsoidal inclusion .
Roughly speaking , holonomic measures are parametric varifolds without boundary .	They provide a setting appropriate for the analysis of many variational problems .
In this work , I describe a photometric technique that simultaneously ( 1 ) identifies galaxies by star formation rate and ( 2 ) measures their redshifts with an accuracy of sigma_z = 0.05 for objects at z & lt ; 1 .	( An extension of the technique is potentially feasible , with the use of near-infrared colors , to 1.6 & lt ; z & lt ; 2.5 . )
The consistency between the primitive and conservative variables is ensured at all limited reconstructions and the spatial part of the four velocity is used as a primitive variable .	Demonstrative relativistic examples are shown to validate the implementation .
This effect is suppressed for parameter choices where the edge mode is sharply localized at the edge .	In the extreme case of a perfectly localized edge mode , the entanglement spectrum is gapless even if the smaller partition consists of a single edge row .
For the first example the weak { * } -Hopf algebra coincides with the so called double triangle algebra .	No use is made of Ocneanu 's cell calculus .
Beyond the simple one dimensional case , the existence of a maximum momentum will induce non-local corrections to the first quantized Hamiltonian .	However , these non-local corrections can be effectively treated as local corrections by using the theory of harmonic extensions of functions .
While many primordial galaxies are dark , about 100 -- 500 per comoving Mpc^3 are luminous but relatively faint .	They form preferentially in chain structures , and have low surface brightness stellar spheroids extending to 20 % of the virial radius .
We present results of a comprehensive study of the distribution of absorption dips with orbital phase in Cygnus X-1 .	Firstly , the distribution was obtained using archival data from all major X-ray observatories and corrected for the selection effect that phase zero ( superior conjunction of the black hole ) has been preferentially observed .
on the production cross sections are derived and bounds on the parameters of the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model are set .	The lower limit on the mass of the lightest chargino is 85.5 GeV/c^2 for gaugino-like charginos ( mu = -500 GeV/c^2 ) , and 85.0 GeV/c^2 for Higgsino-like charginos ( M_2 = 500 GeV/c^2 ) , for heavy sneutrinos ( M ( snu ) & gt ; 200 GeV/c^2 ) and tanb = sqrt ( 2 ) .
From the reported detailed energetic , geometric , and electronic structure data we conclude that the governing factor for the molecule-surface interaction is a competition between covalent bonding of the central azo ( -N=N- ) bridge on the one hand and the surface interaction of the two closed-shell phenyl ( -C6H5 ) rings on the other .	With respect to this factor the cis conformer exhibits a more favorable gas-phase geometric structure and is thus more stabilized at the studied surfaces .
These pi-jumps , at certain conditions , lead to the formation of half-integer flux quanta , which we call semifluxons ( SF ) , pinned at the corners .	We show ( a ) that the spontaneous formation of SFs depends on the junction length , ( b ) that the ground state without SFs can be converted to a state with SFs by applying a bias current , ( c ) that the SF configuration can be rearranged by the bias current .
We find that the overall structure of NGC 6778 can be described as a bipolar PN .	The equatorial ring is highly disrupted and many radial features ( filamentary wisps and cometary knots ) also evidence strong dynamical effects .
Designing and implementing typed programming languages is hard .	Every new type system feature requires extending the metatheory and implementation , which are often complicated and fragile .
In particular it is shown that although the same Chinese text written in words and Chinese characters have quite differently shaped distributions , they are nevertheless both well predicted by their respective three a priori characteristic values .	It is pointed out that this is analogous to the change in the shape of the distribution when translating a given text to another language .
This property is associated with a non-collinear antiferromagnetic ordering , which induces a weak ferromagnetism and thus , making the strained NaMnF3 fluoroperovskite multiferroic .	We also calculate the magnetoelectric response and we found it to be composed by linear and non-linear components with amplitudes similar to the ones of Cr2O3 .
Using homodyne and polarization spectroscopy techniques , we achieve shot-noise limited displacement sensitivities of 10^ ( -19 ) m Hz^ ( -1/2 ) .	In an unprecedented manner , this enables the detection and study of a variety of mechanical modes , which are identified as radial breathing , flexural and torsional modes using 3-dimensional finite element modelling .
This value is independent on the quantum statistics of the light and defines a standard quantum limit of sensitivity .	We demonstrate that an EIT-based optical magnetometer in Faraday configuration is the best candidate to achieve the highest sensitivity of magnetic field detection and give a detailed analysis of such a device .
Electric field is a thermodynamic force that can drive collisional inter-ion-species transport in a multicomponent plasma .	In an inertial confinement fusion ( ICF ) capsule , such transport causes fuel ion separation even with a target initially prepared to have equal number densities for the two fuel ion species .
We compute the boundary state associated with a moving D $ p $ -brane in the presence of the open string tachyon field as a background field .	The effect of the tachyon condensation on the boundary state will be discussed .
The report is based on Phys.Rev .	D84 ( 2011 ) 124049 [ arXiv:1108.5795 ] .
Moreover IRIE is more robust and stable than other algorithms both in running time and memory usage for various density of networks and cascade size .	It runs up to two orders of magnitude faster than other state-of-the-art algorithms such as PMIA for large networks with tens of millions of nodes and edges , while using only a fraction of memory comparing with PMIA .
To this end , we propose a setup composed of two elements : an X-ray mirrors pair for X-ray beam deflection , and a 4 m-long magnetic chicane , which creates an offset for mirrors pair installation in the middle of the baseline undulator .	The insertable mirrors pair can separate spatially the X-ray beams generated in the first and in the second half of the baseline undulator .
Consistent with previous works , we find a relatively flat hydrogen photoionization rate over 2 & lt ; z & lt ; 5 , although our measurements are roughly a factor of two higher than the 2008 values of Faucher-Giguere et al. , due primarily to our lower gas temperatures .	The ionizing emissivity we derive is also generally higher than other recent estimates due to a combination of lower gas temperatures , higher ionizing opacity , and an accounting of cosmological radiative transfer effects .
In general , toroidal magnetic fields have significant effects on the PP instability : For thin tori ( with the fractional width relative to the outer torus radius much less than unity ) , the instability is suppressed at large field strengths with the corresponding toroidal Alfven speed $ v_ { A\phi } \go 0.2r\Omega $ ( where $ \Omega $ is the flow rotation rate ) .	For thicker tori ( with the fractional width of order 0.4 or larger ) , which are hydrodynamically stable , the instability sets in for sufficiently strong magnetic fields ( with $ v_ { A\phi } \go 0.2 r\Omega $ ) .
The ranges of a certain type of second order differential operator , on a Sobolev subspace of the Lebesgue space $ L^2 $ of the circle group , can be characterised by the vanishing of the Fourier coefficients at ( generally ) two integers that are the zeros of the multiplier of the operator .	It is proved here that the range of any such operator may be alternatively described as comprising those functions in $ L^2 $ that are the sum of five generalised second order differences , each such difference involving the zeros of the multiplier .
The thermal resistivity and its scaling function in quasi-2D $ ^4 $ He systems are studied by Monte Carlo and spin-dynamics simulation .	We use the classical 3D XY model on $ L\times L\times H $ lattices with $ L\gg H $ , applying open boundary condition along the $ H $ direction and periodic boundary conditions along the $ L $ directions .
To tackle this problem , we propose a simple representation of bijective surface maps using Beltrami coefficients ( BCs ) , which are complex-valued functions defined on surfaces with supreme norm less than 1 .	Fixing any 3 points on a pair of surfaces , there is a 1-1 correspondence between the set of surface diffeomorphisms between them and the set of BCs .
The temperature dependence of magnetization in ferromagnetic nanostructures ( e.g. , nanoparticles or nanoclusters ) is usually analyzed by means of an empirical extension of the Bloch law sufficiently flexible for a good fitting to the observed data and indicates a strong softening of magnetic coupling compared to the bulk material .	We analytically derive a microscopic generalization of the Bloch law for the Heisenberg spin model which takes into account the effects of size , shape and various surface boundary conditions .
With decreasing the electron concentration in addition to the four bands observed at half-filling a narrow band arises near the Fermi level .	The dispersion of the new band , its bandwidth and the variation with filling are close to those of the spin-polaron band in the t-J model .
The spirals extend from ~50 pc to ~300 pc in galactocentric radius , with a projected width of ~20 pc .	Radiative transfer calculations determine the gas properties of the spirals and the inner disk , and imply a factor of ~4 local gas compression in the spirals .
We investigate solutions of backward stochastic differential equations ( BSDE ) with time delayed generators driven by Brownian motions and Poisson random measures , that constitute the two components of a Levy process .	In this new type of equations , the generator can depend on the past values of a solution , by feeding them back into the dynamics with a time lag .
The dilute Temperley-Lieb algebra \dtl n ( \beta ) has a similar diagrammatic definition where , now , points on the sides may remain free of strings .	Like \tl n , the dilute \dtl n depends on a parameter \beta\in\mathbb C , often given as \beta=q+q^ { -1 } for some q\in\mathbb C^\times .
Magnetic study on x = 0.85 also suggest ferromagnetic regions possibly in $ Pnma $ structure coexist with the antiferromagnetic phases .	The magnetization ( M = 1.2 $ \mu_B $ ) of x = 0.85 does not reach the value expected for the complete alignment of Mn spins even at 12 T and at 12 K. Metamagnetic transitions ( C-type to Ferromagnetic ) in both compounds are accompanied by contraction of volumes under high magnetic fields .
Recent measurement of time dependent asymmetries in $ B \to \phi K $ are indicative of a new source of CP violation .	We examine squark mixing in SUSY as this new source , and using QCD improved factorization method to describe $ B \to \phi K $ decay , find the allowed range of parameter space for $ \rho $ and $ \psi $ , the magnitude and phase of the down type LR ( RL ) squark mixing parameter $ \delta^ { bs } _ { LR ( RL ) } $ .
Model fits to the combined GALEX and SDSS photometry yield typical FUV extinctions similar to LBGs .	The implied star formation rates are SFR ~ 3 to 30 solar mass per year .
This failure is traced to an enforcement of the exact resonance condition , whereas mathematically the resonance should be broadened due to the energy transfer happening on large but finite time scales .	By allowing for the broadened resonance , a modified three-wave kinetic equation is derived for the FPU model .
The \emph { Cayley graph } $ \Cay ( G , S ) $ has vertex-set $ G $ and two vertices $ u $ and $ v $ are adjacent if and only if $ uv^ { -1 } \in S $ .	Let $ CAY_d ( n ) $ be the number of isomorphism classes of $ d $ -valent Cayley graphs of order at most $ n $ .
The amorphous version studied here differs from the one reported earlier [ PRB 46 , 10917 ( 1992 ) ] in that it has a much lower carrier concentration .	As a measure of the static disorder we use the dimensionless parameter kFl .
RHESSI observations of a solar flare showing continuous motions of double hard X-ray sources interpreted as footpoints of magnetic loops are presented .	The temporal evolution shows many distinct emission peaks of duration of some tens of seconds ( 'elementary flare bursts ' ) .
We analyze varieties of maximal isotropic subspaces in the fibers as P^1-bundles over the discriminant double cover .	When the P^1-bundle is suitably stable , we deduce effective estimates for the heights of sections over finite fields satisfying various approximation conditions .
Each mistreatment led to the improper excising of simulated absorption profiles .	Specifically , their analyses are strictly biased against DLA sightlines that have low HI column density log NHI & lt ; 20.5 , very high NHI values , and ( for all NHI ) sightlines with low velocity width Dv ( & lt ; 30 km/s for HSR98 ; & lt ; [ 20-30 ] km/s for H10 ) .
Knotted in different ways , the device mechanically acquires a uniquely determined ( up to isometry ) normal form at least when the original knot diagram has a small number of crossings , thus outperforming the famous M\ '' obius energy due to Jun O'Hara and studied by Michael Freedman et al .	Various properties of the device are described ( under certain conditions it does the Reidemeister and Markov moves , it beautifully performs the Whitney trick by uniformizing its own local curvature ) .
By using the recent result of the first two authors on mean values of multiplicative functions in short intervals , we strengthen Hildebrand 's result by proving that each of these eight sign patterns occur with positive lower natural density .	We also obtain an analogous result for the nine possible sign patterns for $ ( \mu ( n ) , \mu ( n+1 ) ) $ .
The main conclusions are as follows .	1 ) ~The Glashow resonance can be excited by both~neutrinos and~antineutrinos of all the three flavors scattering in the Coulomb field of a nucleus .
An information-theoretic framework is presented for estimating the number of labeled samples needed to train a classifier in a parametric Bayesian setting .	Ideas from rate-distortion theory are used to derive bounds on the average $ L_1 $ or $ L_\infty $ distance between the learned classifier and the true maximum a posteriori classifier -- -which are well-established surrogates for the excess classification error due to imperfect learning -- -in terms of the differential entropy of the posterior distribution , the Fisher information of the parametric family , and the number of training samples available .
Presently there are several classes of detected gamma-ray extragalatic sources .	They are mostly associated to active galactic nuclei ( AGN ) and ( at soft gamma rays ) to gamma-ray bursts ( GRB ) , but not only .
We examine a graphene quantum dot formed by combining an electric and a uniform magnetic field .	The electric field creates a smooth quantum well potential while the magnetic field induces an exponential tail to the dot states .
Our aim is to analyse statistically the wave periods , power and phase relations as a function of the magnetic field strength and inclination .	Our work is based on observations obtained at the German Vacuum Tower Telescope ( Observatorio del Teide , Tenerife ) using two different instruments : the Triple Etalon SOlar Spectrometer ( TESOS ) , in the BaII 4554 A line to measure velocity and intensity variations through the photosphere ; and , simultaneously , the Tenerife Infrared Polarimeter ( TIP-II ) , in the FeI 1.56 mm lines to the measure the Stokes parameters and magnetic field strength in the lower photosphere .
We analyze certain configurations of NS and D-branes in the context of $ SU ( 2 ) $ WZW model and find the correlations with different exotic smoothings of $ \mathbb { R } ^ { 4 } $ .	First , the dynamics of D-branes in $ SU ( 2 ) $ WZW model at finite $ k $ , i.e.the charges of the branes , refers to the exoticness of ambient $ \mathbb { R } ^ { 4 } $ .
We use a very simple version of the optimized ( linear ) $ \delta $ - expansion by scaling the free part of the Lagrangian with a variational parameter .	This method is well suited to calculate the renormalized coupling constant in terms of the free one and the cutoff .
This paper introduces a new pupil design that produces a very dark null along its symmetry axis .	By changing the shape of the pupil , we can control the depth and location of this null .
Similarly , intertemporal choice research has shown that decision-makers undervalue future outcomes relative to immediate ones .	Here we combine techniques from information theory and artificial intelligence to show how both temporal distortions and intertemporal choice preferences can be explained as a consequence of the coding efficiency of sensorimotor representation .
The SU ( 2 ) xU ( 1 ) Chern-Simons spin-charge gauge approach developed earlier to describe the transport properties of the cuprate superconductors in the `` pseudogap '' regime , in particular , the metal-insulator crossover of the in-plane resistivity , is generalized to the `` strange metal '' phase at higher temperature/doping .	The short-range antiferromagnetic order and the gauge field fluctuations , which were the key ingredients in the theory for the pseudogap phase , also play an important role in the present case .
The large value of $ r $ and the Lyth bound indicate that it is impossible to obtain the sub-Planckian excursion for the inflaton .	However , we derive an absolutely minimal bound $ \Delta\phi/M_ { \rm Pl } & gt ; \sqrt { r/2 } $ on the inflaton excursion for single-field inflationary models , which can be applied to non-slow-roll inflationary models as well .
A unique feature of the A* process is a sharp energy minimum ~ 10 TeV/ ( T/eV ) for gamma-ray emission from a thermal region of temperature T. We also check that a diffuse gamma-ray component resulting from the interaction of a possible extreme-energy cosmic-ray nuclei with background radiation is well below the observed EGRET data .	The A* mechanism described herein offers an important contribution to gamma-ray astronomy in the era of intense observational activity .
However , the performance of all techniques is ultimately limited by the initial phase-space distribution of the molecules being analyzed .	Here , we dramatically reduce the width of this initial phase-space distribution by sympathetically cooling the input molecules with laser-cooled , co-trapped atomic ions , improving both the mass resolution and detection efficiency of a time-of-flight mass spectrometer by over an order of magnitude .
The branching fractions of the B - & gt ; D^ { ( * ) } K^- K^ { ( * ) 0 } decay modes are measured .	Significant signals are found for the B - & gt ; D^ { ( * ) } K^- K^ { *0 } and B^- - & gt ; D^0 K^- K^0_S decay modes .
Also , it is shown that the frequency transfer of particles between the shrinking cluster and the growing one may acquire high values due to the medium polarization .	As a result , the temporal power law of the cluster growth derived in this theoretical model differs from that predicted by the { \it LSW \/ } theory .
We consider both synchronized and nonsynchronized systems , constructing the compressible generalizations of the classical Darwin and Darwin-Riemann configurations .	Our method can be applied to a wide variety of binary models where the stellar masses , radii , spins , entropies , and polytropic indices are all allowed to vary over wide ranges and independently for each component .
We construct and analyze a u-band selected galaxy sample from the SDSS Southern Survey , which covers 275 sq.deg .	The sample includes 43223 galaxies with spectroscopic redshifts in the range 0.005 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.3 and with 14.5 & lt ; u & lt ; 20.5 .
Observations from the Heliospheric Imagers ( HI-1 ) on both the STEREO spacecraft have been analysed to search for very long period large amplitude stellar variability , finding 6 new candidates .	A total of 85 objects , mostly previously known Mira variables , were found to show convincing variability on time scales of over a hundred days .
We study the performance of the method based on the proposed prior when $ p=O ( n^b ) , ~0 & lt ; b & lt ; 1 $ .	Along with model selection consistency , we also investigate the performance of the proposed prior when the true model does not belong to the model space considered .
The availability of the Hipparcos Catalogue triggered many kinematic and dynamical studies of the solar neighbourhood .	Nevertheless , those studies generally lacked the third component of the space velocities , i.e. , the radial velocities .
We present the results of azimuthally differential femtoscopy of Pb-Pb collisions at $ \sqrt { s_ { NN } } =2.76 $ TeV at the LHC relative to the second harmonic event plane .	We observe a clear oscillation of the extracted radii as a function of the emission angle .
Monte Calro simulations are performed to show that probability distribution functions of avalanche size and lifetime obey power laws whose exponents are approximately equal to 1.5 and 2.0 and the system exhibits SOC .	A mean-field theory is developed to discuss the essence of the processes .
For Li+HF ( v=0 , j=0 ) , the reaction is dominated by resonances due to the decay of metastable states of the Li ... F-H van der Waals complex .	Assignment of these resonances has been carried out by calculating the eigenenergies of the quasibound states .
We discuss an intriguing relation between the free field representations and deformations of the Virasoro algebra .	The deformation associated with the Bullough-Dodd models appears to be different from the known deformed Virasoro algebra .
At low temperatures we observe a peak in the heat capacity , which maximum is associated with the precipitation transition .	The gelation transition is sensitive to the number of associating groups per rod but nearly insensitive to the spatial distribution of associating groups around the rod .
Our convergence results hold with no semismoothness assumption , which is illustrated by examples .	The algorithm and main results obtained in the paper are compared with well-recognized semismooth and $ B $ -differentiable versions of Newton 's method for nonsmooth Lipschitzian equations .
An estimated uncertainty of the calculated lifetime of the ( 3s3p ^1P_1 ) state of Mg is a factor of three smaller than that of the most accurate experiment .	Calculated binding energies reproduce experimental values within 0.1-0.2 % .
I review the process of mass transfer in a binary system through a stellar wind , with an emphasis on systems containing a red giant .	I show how wind accretion in a binary system is different from the usually assumed Bondi-Hoyle approximation , first as far as the flow 's structure is concerned , but most importantly , also for the mass accretion and specific angular momentum loss .
In addition , we report new calculations of transition probabilities in Sb I using a Multiconfigurational Dirac-Hartree-Fock method .	The physical model being tested through comparisons between theoretical and experimental lifetimes for 5d and 6s levels .
Exceptions to quantum thermalization have been predicted and observed , but typically require inherent symmetries or noninteracting particles in the presence of static disorder .	The prediction of many-body localization ( MBL ) , in which disordered quantum systems can fail to thermalize in spite of strong interactions and high excitation energy , was therefore surprising and has attracted considerable theoretical attention .
The source decreased in x-ray flux by at least half an order of magnitude in the 13 years between the HRI and PSPC observations .	It has a PSPC flux of f_X = 8 x 10E-14 erg/cm^2/s , giving L_X = 2.4 x 10E36 erg/s for a distance of 500 kpc .
In this paper we use one-loop chiral perturbation theory in order to compare lattice computations of the K+ to pi+ pi0 decay amplitude with the experimental value .	This makes it possible to investigate three systematic effects that plague lattice computations : quenching , finite-volume effects , and the fact that lattice computations have been done at unphysical values of the quark masses and pion external momenta ( only this latter effect shows up at tree level ) .
To describe strongly interacting matter we adopt a two-phase picture in which the hadronic phase is described by means of a non-linear Walecka model and just deconfined matter through the MIT bag model including color superconductivity .	We impose flavor conservation during the transition in such a way that just deconfined quark matter is transitorily out of equilibrium with respect to weak interactions .
The spectra in these states are considerably softer than the outburst spectra and appear to soften in time when the luminosity decreases .	The physical mechanism behind these meta-stable states is unclear and they could be due to low-level accretion ( either directly onto the neutron stars or onto their magnetospheres ) or due to cooling of the accretion-heated neutron star crusts .
We show that MIS-Boost outperforms state-of-the-art MIL methods on a number of benchmark datasets .	We also apply MIS-Boost to large-scale image classification , where we show that the automatically selected prototypes map to visually meaningful image regions .
For an extremal rotating black hole , the system exhibits a first-order phase transition for the gravitational Meissner effect : small black holes exhibit a flux-expelled solution , with the gauge and scalar field remaining identically in their false vacuum state on the event horizon , whereas the horizon of large black holes is pierced by the vortex .	A brief review prepared for the MG14 Proceedings .
We analyze the heat current flowing across interacting quantum dots within the Coulomb blockade regime .	Power can be generated by either voltage or temperature biases .
A new Stokes inversion technique that greatly reduces the effect of the spatial point spread function of the telescope is used to constrain the physical properties of umbral dots ( UDs ) .	The depth-dependent inversion of the Stokes parameters from a sunspot umbra recorded with Hinode SOT/SP revealed significant temperature enhancements and magnetic field weakenings in the core of the UDs in deep photospheric layers .
We consider the problem of controlling the movement of multiple cooperating agents so as to minimize an uncertainty metric associated with a finite number of targets .	In a one-dimensional mission space , we adopt an optimal control framework and show that the solution is reduced to a simpler parametric optimization problem : determining a sequence of locations where each agent may dwell for a finite amount of time and then switch direction .
Going beyond the current trend of statistical model fitting alone , our study analyses anomalous diffusion and structure functions to estimate values of the scaling exponents describing displacement statistics .	We evince the fractal nature of the movement patterns and show how the scaling exponents describing termite space exploration intriguingly comply with mathematical relations found in the physics of transport phenomena .
Elliptic flow and two-particle azimuthal correlations of charged hadrons and high- $ p_T $ pions ( $ p_T & gt ; $ 1 GeV/ $ c $ ) have been measured close to mid-rapidity in 158A GeV/ $ c $ Pb+Au collisions by the CERES experiment .	Elliptic flow ( $ v_2 $ ) rises linearly with $ p_T $ to a value of about 10 % at 2 GeV/ $ c $ .
We discuss the effects of traps , population imbalance , final state interactions over the entire range of temperatures and compare theory and experiment .	We show that this broad range of phenomena can be accomodated within the BCS-Leggett description of BCS-BEC crossover and that this scheme also captures some of the central observations in photoemission experiments in the cuprates .
Perhaps the most extreme examples of `` Active OB stars '' are the subset of high-mass X-ray binaries -- consisting of an OB star plus compact companion -- that have recently been observed by Fermi and ground-based Cerenkov telescopes like HESS to be sources of very high energy ( VHE ; up to 30 TeV ) gamma-rays .	This paper focuses on the prominent gamma-ray source , LS5039 , which consists of a massive O6.5V star in a 3.9-day-period , mildly elliptical ( e = 0.24 ) orbit with its companion , assumed here to be a black-hole or unmagnetized neutron star .
Further we prove the invariance with respect to the equivariant Reidemeister moves , show that it is isomorphic to the Khovanov homology modulo $ n $ -torsion and express values of this homology theory on $ p^ { n } $ -periodic trivial links in terms of the group cohomology of $ \z { p^ { n } } $ , if $ p $ is a prime .	Additionally we construct a spectral sequence , analogous to the one from \cite { EverittTurner } , converging to the equivariant Khovanov homology and we utilize this spectral sequence to compute the equivariant Khovanov homology of torus links $ T ( n,2 ) $ with respect to the symmetry of order $ 2 $ .
In fact , standard evolutionary models that account for complete mixing in the convective unstable layers and radiative equilibrium in the innermost regions do predict that the first dredge-up lefts over a very sharp H-discontinuity at the bottom of the convective region .	Interestingly enough we found that both atomic diffusion and a moderate convective overshooting at the base of the convective region marginally affects the shape of the RGB Bump in the differential Luminosity Function ( LF ) .
The model is based on classical statistical physical concepts and satisfies the principle of maximum entropy production .	Atmospheric flows exhibit selfsimilar fractal fluctuations that are ubiquitous to all dynamical systems in nature , such as physical , chemical , social , etc and are characterized by inverse power law form for power ( eddy energy ) spectrum signifying long-range space-time correlations .
To truly make the jump from laboratory demonstrations to practical , rugged devices , the complex surrounding infrastructure ( including vacuum systems , optics , and lasers ) also needs to be miniatur- ized and integrated .	In this paper we explore the feasibility of applying this approach to the Magneto-Optical Trap ; incorporating the vacuum system , atom source and optical geometry into a permanently sealed micro- litre system capable of maintaining $ 10^ { -10 } $ mbar for more than 1000 days of operation with passive pumping alone .
We present two very different proofs of this result : a geometric proof and a dynamical proof .	We also establish a number of rigidity results for bundles which are equipped with fiberwise Anosov dynamical systems .
The agreement is only slightly improved when we compare our results with the HST and ground-based SBF distances from Ajhar et al ( 1997 ) and Tonry et al ( 1997 ) ; the comparison suggests that a lower limit on the error of the HST SBF distance moduli is +-0.17 mag .	Overall , these results suggest that previously quoted measurement errors may underestimate the true error in SBF distance moduli by at least a factor of 2-3 .
Neutrino telescopes , such as AMANDA and the ANTARES now under construction , could be used as TeV-gamma detectors for very short emissions by measuring underground muons produced in $ \gamma $ showers .	We estimate signal and background rates for TeV photons from SGR giant flares in AMANDA , and we provide an estimate of the gamma shower events that Milagro could detect .
The PCE methodology has been developed as a mathematically rigorous Uncertainty Quantification ( UQ ) method which aims at providing reliable numerical estimates for some uncertain physical quantities de ? ning the dynamic of certain engineering models and their related simulations .	In the present paper we exploit the PCE approach to analyze some equity and interest rate models considering , without loss of generality , the one dimensional case .
Due to finite interchain interactions long-range antiferromagnetic order develops below $ T_ { \rm N } \simeq 5.5 $ K , which is accompanied by a structural distortion in order to lift magnetic frustration effects .	The corresponding temperature $ vs .
We show that conformal relativity action is equaivalent to a transformed Brans-Dicke action for Brans-Dicke parameter $ \omega = -3/2 $ in contrast to a reduced ( graviton-dilaton ) low-energy-effective superstring action which corresponds to a Brans-Dicke action with Brans-Dicke parameter $ \omega = -1 $ .	In fact , Brans-Dicke parameter $ \omega =-3/2 $ gives a border between a standard scalar field evolution and a ghost .
Instead , we find a region of fluid-solid coexistence which has an approximately constant width but an unexpected re-entrant shape .	We detect the presence of a metastable gas-liquid binodal , which gives rise to two-stepped crystallization kinetics that can be rationalized as the effect of fractionation .
Spreading dynamics of information and diseases are usually analyzed by using a unified framework and analogous models .	In this paper , we propose a model to emphasize the essential difference between information spreading and epidemic spreading , where the memory effects , the social reinforcement and the non-redundancy of contacts are taken into account .
Thus , a leaf labeled Mus musculus could nest within a subtree whose root node is labeled Rodentia , which itself could nest within a subtree whose root is labeled Mammalia .	Suppose we are given collection $ \mathcal P $ of semi-labeled trees over various subsets of a set of taxa .
While the approach is straightforward enough , much still needs to be done to scale it up to explore more fully the space of possible features that can be constructed by an ILP system .	This is in principle , infinite and in practice , extremely large .
A detailed geological and geochemical investigation of the region near the detector has to be performed , for reducing the flux uncertainty from fluctuations of the local abundances to the level of the global geochemical error .	A five-kton detector operating over four years at a site relatively far from nuclear power plants can measure the geo-neutrino signal with 5 % accuracy ( 1 sigma ) .
Here the speed of in-flow of the quantum foam towards the Sun is determined from Miller 's data to be 47 +/- 6km/s , compared to the theoretical value of 42 km/s .	This observed in-flow is a signature of a quantum gravity effect in the new physics .
We find that there are devices which admit a local hidden variable representation , but for which time-reverses enable perfect signaling between Alice and Bob .	That is , a `perfect channel in one time direction ' becomes a `non-channel in the other direction ' .
Our method is based on analytical technics coming from the parabolic potential theory .	The solution is expressed as a pair $ ( u , \nu ) $ where $ u $ is a predictable continuous process which takes values in a proper Sobolev space and $ \nu $ is a random regular measure satisfying minimal Skohorod condition .
The discontinuity in w enters the matching conditions relating perturbations in the remaining degree of freedom before and after the collision , affecting the power-spectrum of curvature perturbations .	We find an oscillatory modulation of the power-spectrum for scales within the horizon at the time of the collision , and a slightly redder spectrum on super-horizon scales .
This equation incorporates a diffuse interface surface force proportional to $ \phi \nabla \mu $ , where $ \mu $ is the so-called chemical potential .	We analyze the well-posedness of the resulting Cahn-Hilliard-Brinkman ( CHB ) system for $ ( \phi , \mathbf { u } ) $ .
We investigate how gravity affects `` Q-balls '' with the Affleck-Dine potential $ V_ { AD } ( \phi ) : =\frac { m^2 } { 2 } \phi^2 [ 1+K\ln ( \frac { \phi } { M } ) ^2 ] $ .	Contrary to the flat case , in which equilibrium solutions exist only if $ K & lt ; 0 $ , we find three types of gravitating solutions as follows .
A mixture of common skew-t factor analyzers model is introduced for model-based clustering of high-dimensional data .	By assuming common component factor loadings , this model allows clustering to be performed in the presence of a large number of mixture components or when the number of dimensions is too large to be well-modelled by the mixtures of factor analyzers model or a variant thereof .
We provide a microscopic theory for the Doppler velocimetry of spin propagation in the presence of spatial inhomogeneity , driving electric field and the spin orbit coupling in semiconductor quantum wells in a wide range of temperature regime based on the kinetic spin Bloch equation .	It is analytically shown that under an applied electric field , the spin density wave gains a time-dependent phase shift $ \phi ( t ) $ .
The character of the flow changes at these two scales .	We do not see any examples of inside-out collapse .
Even though the addition of rotation to the models modifies their original semiaxes ratios , the final rotating models are considerably flattened and triaxial .	An analysis of the orbital content of the models shows that about two thirds of their orbits are chaotic yet the models are very stable over intervals of the order of one Hubble time .
To conceive the full potential of wireless IP services , Mobile Nodes ( MNs ) must be able to roam seamlessly across different networks .	Mobile Stream Control Transmission Protocol ( mSCTP ) is a transport layer solution , which unlike Mobile IP ( MIP ) , provides seamless mobility with minimum delay and negligible packet loss .
The use of type Ic Super Luminous Supernovae ( SLSN Ic ) to examine the cosmological expansion introduces a new standard ruler with which to test theoretical models .	The sample suitable for this kind of work now includes 11 SLSNe Ic , which have thus far been used solely in tests involving $ \Lambda $ CDM .
In the framework of communication theory , we analyse the gedanken experiment in which beams of quanta bearing information are flashed towards a black hole .	We show that stimulated emission at the horizon provides a correlation between incoming and outgoing radiations consisting of bosons .
Lenstra 's integer factorization algorithm is asymptotically one of the fastest known algorithms , and is ideally suited for parallel computation .	We suggest a way in which the algorithm can be speeded up by the addition of a second phase .
Measurements of resonance ME coupling have been carried out on layered and bulk composites of nickel ferrite-PZT .	We observe a factor of 40-600 increase in ME voltage coefficient at EMR compared to low frequency values .
Genetic and pharmacological perturbation experiments , such as deleting a gene and monitoring gene expression responses , are powerful tools for studying cellular signal transduction pathways .	However , it remains a challenge to automatically derive knowledge of a cellular signaling system at a conceptual level from systematic perturbation-response data .
We have detected the NH3 ( 1,1 ) line towards 72 % of our targets ( 456 ) , demonstrating that the high column density features identified in the BGPS and other continuum surveys accurately predict the presence of dense gas .	We have determined kinematic distances and resolved the distance ambiguity for all BGPS sources detected in NH3 .
An unusual ordering and rich variety of angular momentum transitions are found that depend on the coupling between the rings and the confinement potential of the rings .	Using the Configuration Interaction ( CI ) method , we calculated the two electron energy spectrum .
The action for this theory is originally motivated by the inclusion of magnetic monopoles .	These particles play no role in this work and our argument is only based in , that the violation of the Bianchi identities , can not be accounted at the action level with only the standard gauge field .
For a particular set of parameters , the model is exactly solvable , allowing us to access the ground state as well as the excited states .	We show that the double semion phase is stable over a wide range of parameters using numerical exact diagonalization .
We also show that in the thermodynamic limit the zeros of both Blume-Capel models on the static ( connected ring ) and on the dynamical ( Feynman diagrams ) lattice tend to overlap .	In the special case of the 1D Ising model on Feynman diagrams we can prove for arbitrary number of spins that the Yang-Lee zeros must be on the unit circle .
The spectra k ( f ) obtained by the numerical solution and FEM-simulation are in good agreement , and experimental measurements agree with theoretical predictions .	The PAW modes are identified by the components of their total acoustic displacements and cutoff frequencies .
The design of wireless networking is challenging due to the highly dynamic environmental condition that makes parameter optimization a complex task .	Due to the dynamic , and often unknown , operating conditions , modern wireless networking standards increasingly rely on machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms .
The spectral and temporal evolution of GRBs are also studied through the evolution of spectral forms , color-color diagrams and hysteresis loops .	The results do not contradict the turbulence interpretation of GRB .
Such fluctuations are shown to be suppressed in simulations of stellar evolution which use mixing-length theory ( MLT ) .	Quantitatively similar behavior occurs in the model of a convective roll ( cell ) of Lorenz ( 1963 ) , which is known to have a strange attractor that gives rise to chaotic fluctuations in time of velocity and , as we show , luminosity .
The millimeter-wave bands have been attracting significant interest as a means to achieve major improvements in data rates and network efficiencies .	One significant limitation for use of the millimeter-wave bands for cellular communication is that the communication suffers from much higher path-loss compared to the microwave bands .
The neutrino flux of every individual GRBs is calculated in the standard internal shock scenario , so that the accumulative flux of the whole samples can be obtained .	We find that the neutrino flux in PeV energies produced by untriggered GRBs is about 2 times higher than that produced by the triggered ones .
We introduce the notion of bordered cusped Teichm\ '' uller space , as the Teichm\ '' uller space of Riemann surfaces with at least one hole and at least one bordered cusp on the boundary .	We propose a combinatorial graph description of this bordered cusped Teichm\ '' uller space and endow it with a Poisson structure .
The efficiency of MapReduce is closely related to its load balance .	Existing works on MapReduce load balance focus on coarse-grained scheduling .
It is now known to be equivalent to evolution variational inequalities for the heat semigroup , and quadratic Wasserstein distance contraction properties at different times .	On the other hand , in a compact Riemannian manifold , it implies a same-time Wasserstein contraction property for this semigroup .
Recent results classify exceptional domains as belonging to either a certain one-parameter family of simply periodic domains or one of its scaling limits .	We introduce quasi-exceptional domains by allowing the boundary values to be different constants on each boundary component .
We show that Konus-Wind and the IPN are capable of detecting GFs with energies of 2.3x10^46 erg ( which is the energy of the GF from SGR 1806-20 assuming a distance of 15 kpc ) at distances of up to about 30 Mpc and GFs with energies of & lt ; 10^45 erg ( which is the energy of the GF from SGR 0526-66 ) at distances of up to about 6 Mpc .	Using a sample of 1896 nearby galaxies we found that only two bursts , GRB 051103 and GRB 070201 , have a low chance coincidence probability between an IPN localization and a nearby galaxy .
It has not been clear how dropping tolerances affect the quality and effectiveness of a preconditioner $ M $ .	In this paper , we focus on the adaptive Power Sparse Approximate Inverse algorithm and establish a mathematical theory on robust selection criteria for dropping tolerances .
In some others , the payoffs are always equal to each other .	In others still , all equilibria favor Alice or Bob depending on a phase shift of the initial state of the system .
At the other level an automatic maintenance of the constraint store takes place .	We prove that the resulting semantics is sound with respect to the truth definition .
In combinatorial number theory this function is known as Sylvester 's denumerant .	Our main result is a new algorithm that , for every fixed number $ k $ , computes in polynomial time the highest $ k+1 $ coefficients of the quasi-polynomial $ E ( \mathbf { \alpha } ) ( t ) $ as step polynomials of $ t $ ( a simpler and more explicit representation ) .
Moreover the capacities of the two networks are within a constant of each other , again independent of channel gains and SNR .	We show that the class of Gaussian networks for which this interface property holds includes relay networks with a single source-destination pair , interference networks , multicast networks , and the counterparts of these networks with multiple transmit and receive antennas .
The issue of discrete probability estimation for samples of small size is addressed in this study .	The maximum likelihood method often suffers over-fitting when insufficient data is available .
For the case in which the received signal is improper , a widely-linear reception structure , processing separately the data and their complex conjugates , is considered .	Several non-cooperative resource allocation games are considered for this new scenario , and the performance gains granted by the use of widely-linear detection are assessed through theoretical analysis .
This primordial mode of star formation is eventually quenched once radiative and/or chemical ( metal enrichment ) feedbacks mark the transition to Population II stars .	In this paper we present a model for the formation rate of Population III stars based on Press-Schechter modeling coupled with analytical recipes for gas cooling and radiative feedback .
In this article , we introduce a state space based nonparametric nonstationary model for the analysis of spatio-temporal data .	We consider that there are some fixed spatial locations ( generally called the monitoring sites ) and that the data have been observed at those locations over a period of time .
It is shown that the stationary states are in fact so-called optimum ground states .	Recursion relations in the particle number for any $ l $ -point density correlation function will be derived .
Ferromagnetism and superconductivity are antagonistic phenomena .	Their coexistence implies either a modulated ferromagnetic order parameter on a lengthscale shorter than the superconducting coherence length or a weak exchange coupling between the itinerant superconducting electrons and the localized ordered spins .
From the accurate and thorough calculation for more than 300 different patterns of 3Q systems , the static ground-state 3Q potential $ V_ { \rm 3Q } ^ { \rm g.s .	} $ is found to be well described by the Coulomb plus Y-type linear potential , { \it i.e . } , Y-Ansatz , within 1 % -level deviation .
Oscillation induced by optical excitation has been coherently amplified to precisely control and measure the ion 's secular motion .	Requiring only laser line-of-sight , we have shown that the ion 's oscillation amplitude can be precisely controlled .
The excellent spatial resolution obtained with VLT allowed us to map [ SiVI ] 1.963 $ \mu $ m and [ SiVII ] 2.48 $ \mu $ m on scales of up to 20 pc .	Coronal line emission , extended to distances of $ \sim $ 100 pc , is detected in some of the lines analyzed , particularly in [ FeX ] 6374\AA , [ FeXI ] 7891\AA , and [ SiVII ] 2.48 $ \mu $ m .
Such extended LSF-model is applied for rigorous description of multi-agent joint action .	The present model is related to Haken-Kelso-Bunz model of self-organization in the human motor system ( including : multi-stability , phase transitions and hysteresis effects , presenting a contrary view to the purely feedback driven neural systems ) , as well as the entropy-approach to adaptation in human goal-directed motor control .
Scattering amplitudes at loop level can be expressed in terms of Feynman integrals .	The latter satisfy partial differential equations in the kinematical variables .
The distributed secret key rate is limited by the bandwidth of the nonlinear resonators used for entanglement generation , which is less than 100 MHz for current state-of-the-art setups .	The development of an entanglement source with a higher bandwidth promises an increased measurement speed and a linear boost in the secure data rate .
We present several methods , and show that algorithms in prior work are special instances of existing optimization algorithms .	Some of these methods converge to the bound monotonically , but in particular , algorithms converging non-monotonically are much faster .
In this paper , we present a deep ( ~ 10 microJy/beam ) , high resolution ( ~2 arcsec ) 1.4 GHz radio map of the cluster core , in which we have identified 6 sources located within SMM J04542-0301 .	The strong lensing effect in the radio data has been quantified by constructing a new lens model of the cluster .
For the first time , we prove that under relatively mild regularity conditions , the rate of coverage error of perc-cal for a two-sided confidence interval of the best linear approximation between $ Y $ and a $ p $ -dimensional $ \vec { \mathbf { X } } $ is $ \mathcal { O } ( n^ { -2 } ) $ .	We then show that perc-cal performs very well in practice , demonstrating its performance in a thorough , full-factorial design synthetic data study as well as a real data example involving the length of criminal sentences .
This in turn is confirmed by numerical results .	This shell model may be regarded as a rare example of high-dimensional chaotic systems for which an analytic expression is known for the Lyapunov spectrum .
Superstring theory on the Penrose limit of AdS_3 x S^3 ( x M^4 ) ( M^4 = T^4 or K3 ) with NSNS-flux can be described by a generalization of Nappi-Witten model .	We quantize this system in the covariant gauge and obtain the spectrum of superstring theory .
The universal completions $ F^p ( G ) $ and $ F^p_ { \mathrm { QS } } ( G ) $ of $ L^1 ( G ) $ with respect to these classes of representations ( which were first considered by Phillips and Runde , respectively ) , can be regarded as analogs of the full group \ca { } of $ G $ ( which is the case $ p=2 $ ) .	We study these completions of $ L^1 ( G ) $ in relation to the algebra $ F^p_\lambda ( G ) $ of $ p $ -pseudofunctions .
We follow a methodology recently proposed by Gregory and Ford .	Our implementation of MCMC is based on the object-oriented approach outlined by Graves .
The Restricted Boltzmann Machines ( RBM ) can be used either as classifiers or as generative models .	The quality of the generative RBM is measured through the average log-likelihood on test data .
The resulting variation has multiplicative components that lead individual protein abundances in a population to exhibit approximately log-normal behavior .	The high variability inherent in the process leads to parameter variation that has the features of a type of noise in biological systems that has been characterized as extrinsic .
Jets with transverse energies E ( T , breit ) & gt ; 5 GeV are selected in the Breit frame employing kt and cone jet algorithms in the kinematic region of squared momentum transfers of 10 & lt ; Q^2 & lt ; 120 GeV^2 and x-Bjorken values of 0.0002 & lt ; x & lt ; 0.008 .	Jet shapes and subjet multiplicities are measured as functions of a resolution parameter .
We experimentally show that the use of beamsplitters and extra single-photon detectors at the receiver station passively creates randomized spatial modes that erase any knowledge the eavesdropper might have gained when using bright-light faked states .	Additionally , we experimentally show a detector-scrambling approach where the random selection of the detector used for each measurement - equivalent to an active spatial mode randomization - hashes out the side-channel open by the detection efficiency mismatch-based attacks .
The present paper is part of a series where we intend to show that important classes of Hopf algebras are quantum groups and therefore belong to Lie theory .	One of our main results is the explicit construction of a general family of pointed Hopf algebras from Dynkin diagrams .
We study the relationship between the UV continuum slope and infrared excess ( IRX $ \equiv L_ { \rm IR } /L_ { \rm FUV } $ ) predicted by performing dust radiative transfer on a suite of hydrodynamical simulations of galaxies .	Our suite includes both isolated disk galaxies and mergers intended to be representative of galaxies at both $ z \sim 0 $ and $ z \sim 2-3 $ .
A long skinny gate across a fractional quantum Hall fluid at filling $ \nu=1/m $ with odd integer $ m $ , creates a novel one-dimensional ( 1d ) system which is isomorphic to a disordered 1d electron gas with { \it attractive } interactions .	By varying the gate potential along such a line junction , it should be possible to tune through the 1d localization transition , predicted for an attractively interacting electron gas .
The adjoint charge has an impact on the gravitational mass and the mass distribution in the electromagnetic field with its adjoint field , and causes further the predictions to departure slightly from the conservation of mass .	The inferences can explain why the adjoint charge will influence the mass distribution in the gravitational field and electromagnetic field of celestial bodies .
In general , the stochastic acceleration by these waves results in two distinct components in the particle distributions , a quasi-thermal and a hard nonthermal , with the nonthermal one being more prominent in hotter plasmas and/or with higher level turbulence .	This can explain many of the observed features of solar flares .
We show that the linearization of all exact solutions of classical chiral gravity around the AdS3 vacuum have positive energy .	Non-chiral and negative-energy solutions of the linearized equations are infrared divergent at second order , and so are removed from the spectrum .
In order to solve this puzzle in the most economical way , we evoke an additional Z_3 discrete symmetry , without including this sextet in the scalar spectrum , and propose a truly minimal 3-3-1 model capable of generating the correct masses and mixing of all fermions .	Moreover , we show that our proposal leads to naturally light neutrinos with masses in the eV range , obtained with three scalar triplets only .
We construct new types of regular ( resp .	black holes ) solutions which , close to the origin ( resp .
In spite of their high luminosities ( L & gt ; 10000 solar units ) , only ten of these sources are also associated with a radio counterpart .	In 17 cases we could identify a clear peak of millimeter emission associated with the IRAS source , while in 9 sources the millimeter emission was extended or faint and a clear peak could not be identified ; upper limits were found in 4 cases only .
Using Monte Carlo simulations we study the magnetic relaxation from several initial states .	We show explicitely that , due to the combined influence of anisotropy energy and dipole interaction , magnetic chains are formed along the $ z $ -direction that organize themselves in frozen metastable domains of columnar antiferromagnetic order .
To ensure that each evaluation contributes to the localization of good candidates for the role of global minimizer , a sequential choice of evaluation points is usually carried out .	In particular , when Kriging is used to interpolate past evaluations , the uncertainty associated with the lack of information on the function can be expressed and used to compute a number of criteria accounting for the interest of an additional evaluation at any given point .
The finite differencing is not based on a high-order polynomial fit .	The polynomial scheme has supurb accuracy for low-wavenumber gradients but fails at high wavenumbers .
Here we show that using a dark spinor field it is possible to have an equation of state that crosses the phantom divide , becoming a dark phantom spinor which evolves into dark energy .	This type of equation of state has been mildly favored by experimental data , however , in the past there were hardly any candidate theories that satisfied this crossing without creating ghosts or causing a singularity which results in the universe essentially ripping .
We consider the problem of learning the structure of undirected graphical models with bounded treewidth , within the maximum likelihood framework .	This is an NP-hard problem and most approaches consider local search techniques .
The three- $ \pi $ is proved to be a natural entanglement measure .	By contrast to the three-tangle , it is shown that the three- $ \pi $ always gives greater than zero values for $ W $ and GHZ classes , implying there always exists three-way entanglement for them , and three-tangle generally underestimates three-way entanglement of a given system .
Trials were run on 1/30th scale models of three-bladed marine current turbine prototypes in a flume tank .	The present work focuses on the case where a turbine is placed at different locations in the wake of a first one .
We present the analysis techniques and the signal extraction performance studies of this system .	We study the behaviour of the baseline , the noise , the cross-talk , the linearity and the time resolution .
This effect comes from the leading marginally irrelevant operator , in analogy with the Heisenberg spin 1/2 antiferromagnetic chain .	Comparisons with Monte Carlo simulations at higher temperature reveal that non-logarithmic terms are important in that regime .
We derive expressions for the effective Gilbert damping and the critical currents for the onset of magnetization dynamics including the effects of spin pumping that can be tested by ferromagnetic resonance experiments .	The current generates an amplitude asymmetry between the in-phase and out-of-phase modes .
It is found that line-tension anisotropy must be present in order to account for domains with protruding features .	Both elastic anisotropy and anisotropic line-tension can result in domains with indentations .
For the monoclinic structure at 91.5 K , the system behaves like a frustrated spin lattice with spatially anisotropic exchange interactions .	For another monoclinic structure at 20 K , the magnetic frustration is relieved by a lattice distortion which is driven by a certain orbital ordering , and the long-range magnetic ordering is thus formed .
We present preliminary results from the first-ever simulations of convection preceding ignition using MAESTRO with AMR .	We also demonstrate our ability to initialize a compressible simulation of the explosion phase in CASTRO using data obtained directly from MAESTRO just before ignition .
This confirms our earlier measurement of D/H ( Tytler , Fan & amp ; Burles 1996 ) , and together they give the first accurate measurement of the primordial D abundance , and a ten fold improvement in the accuracy of the cosmological density of ordinary matter.This is a high density , with most ordinary matter unaccounted or dark , which is too high to agree with measurements of the primordial abundances of helium-4 and lithium-7 .	Since the D/H measurement is apparently simple , direct , accurate and highly sensitive , we propose that helium requires a systematic correction , and that population II stars have less than the primordial abundance of $ ^7 $ Li .
In the case of $ S_4 $ -symmetric networks of MDDEs and IDEs , we present exact computations of full equivariant bifurcation invariants .	Algorithms and computational procedures used in this paper are also included .
We address the assignment of the occupied and empty electronic levels for the prototypical photocatalytic system of methanol on a rutile TiO2 ( 110 ) surface .	Using many-body quasiparticle ( QP ) techniques we show that the frontier levels measured in ultraviolet photoelectron and two photon photoemission spectroscopy experiments can be assigned with confidence to the molecularly chemisorbed methanol , rather than its decomposition product , the methoxy species .
A variety of popular dimension reduction approaches can be framed as symmetric generalized eigendecomposition problems .	In this paper we outline how taking into account the low rank structure assumption implicit in these dimension reduction approaches provides both computational and statistical advantages .
The oscillations in this metal-based system are due to the occurrence of a Coulomb energy gap in the nanocrystals which is tunable via the nanocrystal size .	The nanocrystal assembly by the Langmuir-Blodgett method yields homogeneous monolayered films over vast areas .
Solutions for the non-averaged and averaged equations are compared .	Remarkable agreement is found between the averaged and non-averaged simulation for the evolution of the third harmonic .
To `` analyze '' T , we conduct ell measurements that we call_discrete X-rays_ .	A discrete X-ray in direction xi determines the number of atoms of each type on each line parallel to xi .
Genome size ( C-value ) in vertebrates varies over 200 fold ranging from pufferfish ( 0.4 pg ) to lungfish ( 132.8 pg ) ( 4 ) .	Variation in genome size and architecture is a fundamental cellular adaptation that remains poorly understood ( 5 ) .
Simultaneous fitting to the photometric and radial velocity data with a Markov Chain Monte Carlo procedure leads to a planet in the mass regime of Saturn .	With a radius of 1.07 R_Jup and mass of 0.30 M_Jup , WASP-21b has a density close to 0.24 rho_Jup corresponding to the distribution peak at low density of transiting gaseous giant planets .
The protocol largely deals with the uniformity problems of the Film .	The proposed method allowed to relate the dose with the red channel transmittance using only T0 , T_inf , and a dose scaling factor .
We then define a notion of degree of blame , which takes into account an agent 's epistemic state .	Roughly speaking , the degree of blame of A for B is the expected degree of responsibility of A for B , taken over the epistemic state of an agent .
The flows are triggered by masses for adjoint or vector-like pairs of bifundamentals and are generalizations of the Klebanov-Witten construction of the N=1 theory for the conifold starting from the N=2 theory for the C^2/Z_2 orbifold .	In order to preserve the toric condition pairs of masses with opposite signs have to be switched on .
Thus , regulating translation in order to obtain a desired ribosomal profile along the mRNA molecule is an important biological problem .	We study this problem using a model for mRNA translation , called the ribosome flow model ( RFM ) .
The applications support realtime patients ' data , image files , audio and video diagnosis annotation exchanges .	The DOMIM enables joint collaboration between radiologists and physicians while they are at distant geographical locations .
In recent single-particle tracking ( SPT ) measurements on { \it Listeria monocytogenes } motility { \em in vitro } , the actin-based stochastic dynamics of the bacterium movement is analyzed statistically ( Kuo and McGrath , 2000 ) .	The mean-square displacement ( MSD ) of the detrended trajectory exhibit a linear behavior ; it has been suggested that a corresponding analysis for the Brownian ratchet model ( Peskin , Odell , & amp ; Oster , 1993 ) leads to a non-monotonic MSD .
We then investigate for a fixed A , the existence of such B_1 , B_2 giving sufficient and necessary conditions , involving consistency results .	Further we prove that e.g.if B is a BA of cardinality lambda , lambda & gt ; = mu and lambda , mu are strong limit singular of the same cofinality , then B has a homomorphic image of cardinality mu ( and with mu ultrafilters ) .
We apply both Cartesian integration and a polar grid integration utilizing a limited number of azimuthal Fourier components of density .	We found that bar strength is independent of the method used to evaluate the gravitational potential .
Here , we solve the dynamics of a specific , yet representative , class of glass models in the presence of nonthermal driving forces and energy dissipation , and show that a dynamic arrest can take place in these nonequilibrium conditions .	While the location of the transition depends on the specifics of the driving mechanisms , important features of the glassy dynamics are insensitive to details , suggesting that an `effective ' thermal dynamics generically emerges at long time scales in nonequilibrium systems close to dynamic arrest .
The electron vortex beams with tilted vortex lead to spin Hall effect in free space .	In presence of a magnetic field in time space we have spin filtering such that either positive or negative spin states emerge in spin Hall currents with clustering of spin $ \frac { 1 } { 2 } $ states .
The coexistence of distinct templates is a common feature of the diverse proposals advanced to resolve the information crisis of prebiotic evolution .	However , achieving robust template coexistence turned out to be such a difficult demand that only a class of models , the so-called package models , seems to have met it so far .
The use of AEPs allows to bypass a self-consistent procedure and to address eigenstates around a certain region of the spectrum ( e.g. , around the band gap ) .	The bulk AEP construction requires two simple DFT calculations of slightly deformed elongated cells .
We obtain the higher spin tractor equations of motion conjectured by Gover et al .	from a BRST approach and use those methods to prove that they describe massive , partially massless and massless higher spins in conformally flat backgrounds .
Our PB sequences allow to produce flexible and tunable nearly rectangular two-state inversion profiles as a function of the individual pulse area because the width and the rectangularity of these profiles can be adjusted at will .	Moreover , these PB sequences suppress excitation around pulse area $ 0 $ and $ 2\pi $ , and suppress deviations from complete population inversion around pulse area $ \pi $ to arbitrarily high orders .
In fact , the solution to this equation propagates waves with wavelength at $ O ( \varepsilon^2 ) $ when $ 0 & lt ; \varepsilon\ll 1 $ , which brings significantly numerical burdens in practical computation .	We rigorously establish two independent error bounds for the two MTIs at $ O ( \tau^2/\varepsilon^2 ) $ and $ O ( \varepsilon^2 ) $ for $ \varepsilon\in ( 0,1 ] $ with $ \tau & gt ; 0 $ as step size , which imply that the two MTIs converge uniformly with linear convergence rate at $ O ( \tau ) $ for $ \varepsilon\in ( 0,1 ] $ and optimally with quadratic convergence rate at $ O ( \tau^2 ) $ in the regimes when either $ \varepsilon=O ( 1 ) $ or $ 0 & lt ; \varepsilon\le \tau $ .
In particular , we consider the topological flip-graphs of once-punctured polygons which , in turn , contain all possible geometric flip-graphs of polygons with a marked point as embedded sub-graphs .	Our main focus is on the geometric properties of these graphs and how they relate to one another .
The shape of the spectrum obtained from QCD sum rules is in general agreement with quark model calculations .	At high electron energies the decrease of the spectrum is less steep than predicted by Altarelli et al .
We find that increasing Internet security risk in combination with the need for compliance with recent corporate legislation has contributed significantly to the demand for cyberinsurance .	Cyberinsurance policies have become more comprehensive as insurers better understand the risk landscape and specific business needs .
This paper is devoted to studying the structure of codimension one singular holomorphic foliations on $ ( { \mathbb C } ^3,0 ) $ without invariant germs of analytic surface .	We focus on the so-called CH-foliations , that is , foliations without saddle nodes in two dimensional sections .
The new algorithm runs effectively , and can handle more RS codes and capture more automorphism groups than the existing ones .	Utilizing the automorphism results , a new bit-level soft-decision decoding algorithm is subsequently developed for general $ ( n , n-3,4 ) $ RS codes .
We review the dynamical properties of such a component , and argue that , even if the background expectation value of this field is fixed and the equation of state is the same as a Cosmological Constant , scalar field fluctuations can still be used to distinguish the two components .	We compare predicted spectra of Cosmic Microvave Background ( CMB ) anisotropies in tracking scalar field cosmologies with the present CMB data , in order to get constraints on the amount and equation of state of dark energy .
In this paper we signal some further curious features of these theories , namely novel spectral equivalences with particular second- and third-order differential equations .	These relationships are obtained via a recently-observed connection between the theories of ordinary differential equations and integrable models .
Using this formulation , results from two different high resolution GCMs are analyzed : the AFES T639L24 and the ECMWF IFS T1279L91 .	The spectral fluxes show that the AFES , which reproduces realistic horizontal spectra with a k^ { -5/3 } inertial range at the mesoscales , simulates a strong downscale energy cascade .
Garsia , in 1963 showed that $ H_\beta & lt ; 1 $ for any Pisot $ \beta $ .	For the Pisot numbers which satisfy $ x^m=x^ { m-1 } +x^ { m-2 } + ... +x+1 $ ( with $ m\ge2 $ ) Garsia 's entropy has been evaluated with high precision by Alexander and Zagier and later improved by Grabner , Kirschenhofer and Tichy , and it proves to be close to 1 .
In particular , behavior resembling viscoelasticity has been theoretically predicted for non-viscoelastic fluids .	This effect is due to the interference of the propagation of sound waves caused by the solute particle 's motion and hydrodynamic vortex formation .
A large majority of the models match the observed stellar radii to within 4 % , with a mean absolute error of 2.3 % .	These results represent a factor of two improvement compared to previous examinations of the low-mass mass-radius relationship .
In our research we identified the more explored threats , distributed the results between fifteen Security Domains and identified the types of solutions proposed for the threats .	In face of those results , we highlight the publications that are concerned to fulfill some standard of compliance .
This is the second of two papers in which we prove that a cell model of the moduli space of curves with marked points and tangent vectors at the marked points acts on the Hochschild co -- chains of a Frobenius algebra .	We also prove that a there is dg -- PROP action of a version of Sullivan Chord diagrams which acts on the normalized Hochschild co-chains of a Frobenius algebra .
In this paper , we present a mesh refinement approach which makes use of a stochastic simulation of the underlying chemical system .	By observing the stochastic trajectory for a relatively short amount of time , the areas of the state space with non-negligible probability density are identified .
Dr. Thomas David Anderson ( 1853-1932 ) was a Scottish amateur astronomer famed for his discovery of two bright novae : Nova Aurigae 1891 and Nova Persei 1901 .	He also discovered more than 50 variable stars as well as making independent discoveries of Nova Aquilae 1918 and comet 17P/Holmes in 1892 .
We introduce a new state discrimination problem in which we are given additional information about the state after the measurement , or more generally , after a quantum memory bound applies .	In particular , the following special case plays an important role in quantum cryptographic protocols in the bounded storage model : Given a string x encoded in an unknown basis chosen from a set of mutually unbiased bases , you may perform any measurement , but then store at most q qubits of quantum information .
An exact steady-state solution is obtained for a half-plane geometry using the Wiener-Hopf method .	For a Hall bar with finite width , it is proved that the charge and current distributions do not have a diverging singularity .
Massive multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) techniques have been recently advanced to tremendously improve the performance of wireless communication networks .	However , the use of very large antenna arrays at the base stations ( BSs ) brings new issues , such as the significantly increased hardware and signal processing costs .
The correlation matrices are analyzed by solving the generalized eigenvalue problem .	The theoretically expected free two-particle scattering states are identified , while no additional low lying states are observed .
In this paper we propose a prior distribution for the clique set and dependence structure of binary Markov random fields ( MRFs ) .	In the formulation we allow both pairwise and higher order interactions .
The presence of a localized surface plasmon resonance in the nanoparticles was observed when SiO2 and amorphous silicon were the host materials .	Optical spectroscopy revealed that the localized surface plasmon resonance is at approximately 5.5 eV for tin nanoparticles in SiO2 , and at approximately 2.5 eV in amorphous silicon .
Then we explain these classes correspond to skew a-lines , exceptional systems and rulings , respectively .	As an application , we work on the monoidal transform for lines to study the local geometry of the polytope ( r-4 ) _ { 21 } .
Here we show , within a variant of a Two Higgs Doublet Model with four generations of fermions , that , in general , a different t ' detection strategy is required if the physics that underlies the new heavy fermionic degrees of freedom goes beyond the `` naive '' SM4 .	We find that the recent CMS lower bounds : m_ { t ' } & lt ; 450 GeV in the semi-leptonic channel pp - & gt ; t't ' - & gt ; l\nu qqbb and m_ { t ' } & lt ; 557 GeV in the dilepton channel pp - & gt ; t't ' - & gt ; ll\nu \nu bb , that were obtained using the customary ( SM4-driven ) detection strategies , do not apply .
The interpretation of extensive air shower measurements , produced by ultra-high energy cosmic rays , relies on the correct modeling of the hadron-air interactions that occur during the shower development .	The majority of hadronic particles are produced at equivalent beam energies below the TeV range .
The data-analysis problem for the spinning case is complicated by the necessity to model the precession-induced modulations of the GW signal , and by the large number of parameters needed to characterize the system , including the initial directions of the spins , and the position and orientation of the binary with respect to the GW detector .	In this paper we consider binaries of maximally spinning BHs , and we work in the adiabatic-inspiral regime to build families of modulated detection templates that ( i ) are functions of very few physical and phenomenological parameters , ( ii ) model remarkably well the dynamical and precessional effects on the GW signal , with fitting factors on average & gt ; ~ 0.97 , but ( iii ) might require increasing the detection thresholds , offsetting at least partially the gains in the fitting factors .
The dis torted Born it er a tive method used to solve the in verse scat ter ing prob lem be longs to the class of al ge braic re con struc tion al go rithms .	This method was de vel - oped to in crease the or der of ap pli ca tion of the Born ap prox i ma tion ( in the case of weakly-con trasted me dia ) to higher or ders .
We assume a spherical form of the spin-conserving final state in the channel without changing the polarization , which leads to the RIXS spectra expressed as the 'exchange'-type multi-spin correlation function .	Evaluating numerically the transition amplitudes to these final states on a finite-size cluster , we obtain a sizable amount of the transition amplitude to the spin-conserving final state in comparison with that to the spin-flip final state .
Now , a dedicated Gd test facility is operating in the Kamioka Mine .	This new facility houses everything needed to successfully operate a Gd doped water Cherenkov detector .
A limit for the 2 neutrino double electron capture of T_half & gt ; 1.8e19 yrs ( 90 % CL ) is obtained .	The non-observation of de-excitation gammas from the 0+ at 1888.5keV results in a lower half-life limit on the 0 neutrino double electron capture decay of 112Sn of T_half & gt ; 0.8e19 yrs ( 90 % CL ) , despite a possible resonant enhancement of the decay rate due to degenerated states .
This data suggests that global center symmetry is not essential to the vortex confinement mechanism .	But we also find that the line of vortex percolation-depercolation transitions , and the line of remnant symmetry breaking transitions , do not coincide in the SU ( 2 ) -Higgs phase diagram .
These include the observed overabundance of point X-ray sources at the Galactic center , the prediction of rates and characteristics of tidal disruptions of extended stars by the MBH and of inspirals of compact stars into the MBH , the latter being events of high importance for the future space borne gravitational wave interferometer LISA .	In relatively small galactic nuclei , hosting MBHs with masses in the range 10^5-10^7 Msun , the single most important dynamical process is 2-body relaxation .
Handoff has become an essential criterion in mobile communication system , specially in urban areas , owing to the limited coverage area of Access Points ( AP ) .	Handover of calls between two Base Stations ( BSs ) is encountered frequently and it is essentially required to minimize the delay of the process .
The greatest fraction of a planet 's initial volatile budget is degassed into the atmosphere during the end of magma ocean solidification , leaving only a small fraction of the original volatiles to be released into the atmosphere through later volcanism .	Rocky planets that accrete with water in their bulk mantle have two mechanisms for producing an early water ocean : First , if they accrete with at least 1 to 3 mass % of water in their bulk composition , liquid water may be extruded onto the planetary surface at the end of magma ocean solidification .
We consider clean cylindrical nanostructures with an applied longitudinal static magnetic field .	Without Coulomb interaction , the field induces , for particular values , points of degeneracy where a change of ground state takes place due to Aharonov-Bohm effect .
From a quantitative point of view , the scenario depends both on the final value and the growth rate of the damping coefficient .	The relevance of the results for the spin-orbit model are discussed in some detail .
Herein we explore general models of the vacuum energy density slowly evolving with the Hubble function $ H $ and/or its time derivative , $ \rho_ { \Lambda } ( H , \dot { H } ) $ .	Some of these models are actually well-motivated from the theoretical point of view and may provide a rich phenomenology that could be explored in future observations , whereas some others have more limitations .
The possible associated spacetime diagrams are drawn , although in the classical case , an unambiguous prediction of what occurs at late times in the interior region is not possible , since singularities and Cauchy horizons form .	We argue that , when the asymptotic region is anti-de Sitter , the AdS/CFT correspondence gives a prescription for resolving the curvature singularities and evolving solutions across the expected Cauchy horizon .
The integrated forecast system has the advantage of not requiring a simple plume-rise model and assumptions about the size and heat release from the fire in order to determine fire emissions into the atmosphere .	With WRF-Sfire , wildfire spread , plume and plume-top heights are predicted directly , at every WRF timestep , providing comprehensive meteorology and fire emissions to the chemical transport model WRF-Chem .
In the present letter , a particular form of Slavnov-Taylor identities for the Curci-Ferrari model is deduced .	This model consist of Yang-Mills theory in a particular non-linear covariant gauge , supplemented with mass terms for gluons and ghosts .
Our results suggest , however , that adjustments of +0.124\AA and +0.131\AA should be made to current NIST wavelengths for the blue and red components of the 7320\AA doublet respectively , while the wavelengths of the 7330\AA doublet components are little changed from current NIST values .	The observed intensity ratio of 7320\AA/7330\AA from these measurements agrees with the theoretical value calculated under conditions of thermally populated 2Po levels .
Models for which the likelihood function can be evaluated only up to a parameter-dependent unknown normalising constant , such as Markov random field models , are used widely in computer science , statistical physics , spatial statistics , and network analysis .	However , Bayesian analysis of these models using standard Monte Carlo methods is not possible due to the intractability of their likelihood functions .
However , the reliability , usability and responsiveness of the Mobile Hosts depend on various factors including the characteristics of available network , computational resources , and better means of searching the services provided by them .	P2P enhances the adoption of Mobile Host in commercial environments .
Changing anisotropic parameters of the potential , the size ratio , and the concentration , we realize double glass , where both the particle positions and orientations are disordered but still hold mesoscopic order .	The ellipses are anchored around the circular impurities in the homeotropic or planar directions .
The theorem stating that a weakly mixing and strongly transitive system is $ \Delta $ -transitive is extended to a non-invertible case with a simple proof .	Two examples are constructed , answering the questions posed by Moothathu [ Colloq.Math .
This paper investigates point-to-multipoint ( PTM ) transmission supporting adaptive modulation and coding ( AMC ) as well as retransmissions based on incremental redundancy .	In contrast to the classical PTM transmission which was introduced by the Multimedia Broadcast Multicast Service ( MBMS ) , the adaptiveness requires user individual feedback channels that allow the receivers to report their radio conditions and send positive or negative acknowledgments ( ACK/NACK ) for a Layer 1 transport block to the eNodeB .
A growing body of evidence suggests that part of , if not all , scattering regions of active galactic nuclei ( AGNs ) are clumpy.Hence .	in this paper , we run radiative transfer models in the optical/UV for a variety of AGN reprocessing regions with different distributions of clumpy scattering media .
We intro- duce ledging as a process to deal with chunk sizes that are not a power of two .	We discuss using block trees for memory mapping in the context of virtual memory management .
2 mag below the cluster 's turn-off is obtained .	From a comparison with the color magnitude diagrams of 47 Tuc and M5 , and using different theoretical models , we confirm that Pal 12 is younger , finding an age 68 % +/- 10 % that of both template clusters .
We obtained long-slit optical spectra of the nuclear regions of 376 galaxies in the local Universe using the 1.5m Cassini telescope of Bologna Observatory .	Of these spectra , 164 were either never taken before by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS ) , or given by the Nasa Extragalactic Database ( NED ) .
However , such photon number resolving detectors are urgently needed for applications in quantum computing,2-4 communications5 and interferometry,6 as well as for extending the applicability of quantum detection generally .	Here we show that , contrary to current belief,3,4 avalanche photodiodes are capable of detecting photon number , using a technique to measure very weak avalanches at the early stage of their development .
We investigate the predictions of four currently favoured semi-analytical galaxy formation models applied to the Millennium simulation for the mass function of cold neutral gas ( atomic and molecular ) in galaxies as a function of redshift , and we use these predictions to construct number counts for the next generation of all-sky neutral atomic hydrogen ( HI ) surveys .	Despite the different implementations of the physical ingredients of galaxy formation , we find that the model predictions are broadly consistent with one another ; the key differences reflect how the models treat AGN feedback and how the timescale for star formation evolves with redshift .
Even under the condition of `inverted relaxation ' , lasing action can be suppressed if the `relaxation ' rate is larger than a certain threshold value .	Using simple transition-rate arguments and a semiclassical calculation , we derive analytic expressions for the lasing suppression condition and the state of the cavity in both the lasing and suppressed-lasing regimes .
Interactive visualizations for exploring and retrieval have not yet become an integral part of digital libraries and information retrieval systems .	We have integrated a set of interactive graphics in a real world social science digital library .
The analyzed data set was recorded by the ATLAS detector and corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb $ ^ { -1 } $ .	Selected events contain one charged lepton , large missing transverse momentum and exactly two b-tagged jets .
In a first part , we limit the study to small deformation .	In contrast with previous works , we obtain an expression for the energy that precisely contains the JKR and Young-Dupr\'e asymptotic regimes , and which establishes a continuous bridge between them .
Exact numerical computer calculations are compared with analytical results obtained from third-order perturbation theory .	From the analyses we conclude that EPR measurements performed at a single frequency with the magnetic field H at a magic angle { \alpha } _M , where 62deg & lt ; { \alpha } _M & lt ; 63deg , with respect to the axial crystal field of the d3 spin system , yields an almost exact solution in third-order perturbation theory .
In this work , we define two samples of NLS1 : a complex sample whose members exhibit high-energy complexity ( C-sample ) , and a general sample of NLS1 whose 2.5-10 keV spectra do not strongly deviate from a simple power law ( S-sample ) .	Considering historical light curves of each object we find that the C-sample is representative of NLS1 in a low X-ray flux state , whereas the members of the S-sample appear to be in a typical flux state .
We systematically measure and analyze the spin diffusion length and the spin Hall effect in Pt with a wide range of conductivities using the spin absorption method in lateral spin valve devices .	We observe a linear relation between spin diffusion length and conductivity , evidencing that spin relaxation in Pt is governed by the Elliott-Yafet mechanism .
In asymmetric nuclear matter such as heavy nuclei , isospin-symmetry breaking is large and it is expected that the mixing property of the mesons changes significantly and the above-mentioned decay width of the \eta created in such a medium may be enhanced .	This is an intriguing possibility to revealing a medium effect on a hadron in nuclei .
We also did follow-up ground-based photometry with a 10-inch telescope from Mt Abu .	The spectroscopic RV semi-amplitude of the primary ( 33.39 km s^-1 ) indicates that the secondary is an M dwarf making the system a short period F+M eclipsing binary .
( Our strategy is a variant of the method used by Candelas , de la Ossa , Green , and Parkes in the case of quintic hypersurfaces . )	We then explain a technique of Griffiths which can be used to compute the Picard-Fuchs equations of hypersurfaces .
We restrict our analysis to flat , scale-invariant , inflationary adiabatic models .	We find that this simple class of inflationary models , with a quintessence component \Omega_\phi & lt ; ~0.7 , -1 & lt ; = w_\phi & lt ; ~-0.5 , is in good agreement with the data .
There are close connections with domino tilings and , for certain posets , a `` domino generalization '' of Schur functions due to Carre and Leclerc .	We also say that P is maj-balanced if exactly half the linear extensions of P have even major index .
We consider the classification of near-horizon geometries in a general two-derivative theory of gravity coupled to abelian gauge fields and uncharged scalars in four and five dimensions , with one and two commuting rotational symmetries respectively .	Assuming that the theory of gravity reduces to a 3d non-linear sigma model ( as is typically the case for ungauged supergravities ) , we show that the functional form of any such near-horizon geometry may be determined .
We detected a total of 61 X-ray sources within 35 ' $ \times $ 30 ' of the galaxy down to a luminosity of ( 1-2 ) $ \times $ 1037 erg s-1 depending on the local background .	We found that 39 of the 61 detected sources showed long-term variability , in which 26 of them were classified as X-ray transients .
We present a sample of SGPS HI data with particular attention to the smallest and largest scale structures seen in absorption and emission , respectively .	On the large scale , we detect many prominent HI shells .
For t_ { Cr } & gt ; 1000 \AA the SDW propagates in the film plane with the spins out-of-plane perpendicular to the in-plane Fe moments .	This reorientation transition is explained by frustration effects in the antiferromagnetic interaction between Fe and Cr across the Fe/Cr interface due to steps at the interface .
In nonlinear optics , vortices arise as singular solutions to the phase-intensity equations of geometric optics .	They exist for a general class of nonlinear response functions .
We study the distribution of nodes in the 2-dimensional plane .	We then evaluate the local properties of the graphs by measuring the meshedness coefficient and counting short cycles ( of three , four and five edges ) , and the global properties by measuring global efficiency and cost .
To analyze this approach , Levina and Vershynin ( 2011 ) introduce a formalism called masked covariance estimation , where each entry of the sample covariance estimator is reweighted to reflect an a priori assessment of its importance .	This paper provides a short analysis of the masked sample covariance estimator by means of a matrix concentration inequality .
In this paper we initiate the study of optimization of bandit type problems in scenarios where the feedback of a play is not immediately known .	This arises naturally in allocation problems which have been studied extensively in the literature , albeit in the absence of delays in the feedback .
Good agreement is obtained between the analytical results and experimental measurements on samples with increasing defect concentrations and at various laser excitation energies .	The use of Raman spectroscopy to identify the nature of defects is discussed .
Supersymmetry is restored if the mean of the random mass is sufficiently large .	This is accompanied by a critical boson component .
$ \Sigma_ { \rm C } $ is evaluated exactly in the sequential tunneling limit , and the correction due to finite tunneling width is evaluated self-consistently using a conserving approximation based on diagrammatic perturbation theory on the Keldysh contour .	Our approach reproduces the key features of both the Coulomb blockade and coherent transport regimes simultaneously in a single unified transport theory .
Solving for the gauge fields we obtain equations , in closed form , for a classical two particle system .	The corresponding Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation , obtained by the Moyal quantization procedure , is solved analytically .
The hydrodynamics of a centrifugally supported gaseous disk and the growth of a stellar disk are calculated in detail taking into account the energy balance of the ISM and the gravitational instabilities that concern gas and stars .	The halo density profile is derived from the primordial cosmological conditions and its gravitational contraction produced by the disk is included .
Our model implies a tendency towards segregation , with a possibly positive influence on growth , if team effects operate .	The long run growth rate is also shown to depend on the rate of time preference .
Simulations of the processes are performed on several multilevel quantum systems with the goal of population transfer .	Optimal control fields are shown to be capable of cooperating or fighting with observations to achieve a good yield , and the nature of the observations may be optimized to more effectively control the quantum dynamics .
Examples of exceedance regions include areas where ozone concentrations exceed safety standards , there is high risk for tornadoes or floods , or heavy-metal levels are dangerously high .	Identifying these regions in a spatial or spatio-temporal setting is an important responsibility in environmental monitoring .
Given a planar graph G and a sequence C_1 , ... , C_q , where each C_i is a family of vertex subsets of G , we wish to find a plane embedding of G , if any exists , such that for each i in { 1 , ... , q } , there is a face F_i in the embedding whose boundary contains at least one vertex from each set in C_i .	This problem has applications to the recovery of topological information from geographical data and the design of constrained layouts in VLSI .
Two of these classes constrain the scalar potential parameters to an exceptional region of parameter space which respects either a Z_2 discrete flavor symmetry or a U ( 1 ) symmetry .	We exhibit a basis-invariant quantity that distinguishes between these two possible symmetries .
We prove that there exists a constant $ k $ with the property : if $ \calC $ is a conjugacy class of a finite group $ G $ such that every $ k $ elements of $ \calC $ \ generate a solvable subgroup then $ \calC $ generates a solvable subgroup .	In particular , using the Classification of Finite Simple Groups , we show that we can take $ k=4 $ .
More specifically , our simple tweet analysis of Japanese professional baseball games in 2013 revealed that social sensors can immediately react to positive and negative events through bursts of tweets , but that positive events are more likely to induce a subsequent burst of retweets .	We also show that these findings hold true across cultures by analyzing tweets related to Major League Baseball games in 2015 .
\cite { art1 } and include dissipative effects as well as limited detection efficiency .	We also consider realistic finite atom-field interaction times and provide for a simple analytical expression for the photon `` tunneling '' probability including all these effects .
We develop an approach based on edge theories to calculate the entanglement entropy and related quantities in ( 2+1 ) -dimensional topologically ordered phases .	Our approach is complementary to , e.g. , the existing methods using replica trick and Witten 's method of surgery , and applies to a generic spatial manifold of genus $ g $ , which can be bipartitioned in an arbitrary way .
To derive the intrinsic ( i.e. , free of observational bias ) dynamical spacing of neighboring planets , we generated populations of planetary systems following various dynamical spacing distributions , subjected them to synthetic observations by the Kepler spacecraft , and compared the properties of observed planets in our simulations with actual Kepler detections .	We found that , on average , neighboring planets are spaced 21.7 mutual Hill radii apart with a standard deviation of 9.5 .
Here we recount the events of the flight and report on the detector performance in a near space environment .	We also briefly discuss { \it ProtoEXIST2 } : the next stage of detector development which employs the { \it NuSTAR } ASIC enabling finer ( 32 $ \times $ 32 ) anode pixilation .
The current literature is split into two kinds of tests - those which are consistent without any assumptions about how the distributions may differ ( \textit { general } alternatives ) , and those which are designed to specifically test easier alternatives , like a difference in means ( \textit { mean-shift } alternatives ) .	The main contribution of this paper is to explicitly characterize the power of a popular nonparametric two sample test , designed for general alternatives , under a mean-shift alternative in the high-dimensional setting .
Recently , a method for modeling and execution of business processes , named subject-oriented business process management ( S-BPM ) , gained attention .	This methodology facilitates modeling of any business process using only five symbols and allows direct execution based on such models .
Under shear , after a surprisingly long time , the spontaneous aging process observed at rest is suppressed .	The system then reaches a non-equilibrium stationary state , characterised by a complex viscosity depending on the applied shear rate .
In this paper , we study $ \mathbb { A } ^1 $ -connected varieties from logarithmic geometry point of view , and develop a technique for producing very free $ \mathbb { A } ^1 $ -curves on quasi-projective varieties .	As an application , we give a classification of $ \mathbb { A } ^1 $ -curves on wonderful compactifications with appropriate assumptions that fits in our framework .
This improves the previous time bounds of O^* ( 1.251^n ) by Iwama and Nakashima and O^* ( 1.260^n ) by Eppstein .	Our algorithm is a simple branch-and-search algorithm .
These hadron tensors are needed to construct the corresponding single spin asymmetries .	For the Drell-Yan process , we perform our analysis within both the Feynman and axial-type ( contour ) gauges for gluons .
The burst appears to be of the same physical origin as the four purported extragalactic FRBs reported by Thornton et al . ( 2013 ) .	This burst 's arrival time precedes the Thornton et al.~bursts by ten years .
Other PN phenomena that may arise from binary-star interactions include jets and point-symmetry , the periodically spaced arcs revealed by HST in the faint halos around several PNe and proto-PNe , and the existence of PNe in globular clusters .	There is thus considerable circumstantial evidence that binary-star processes play a major role in the formation and shaping of many or even most PNe .
As will be shown , both the polyadic approach and the continuation-based approach make heavy use of monad constructs .	In the traditional movement strategy , monad constructs are not used but we still need them to explain how the three strategies are related and what can be expected of them wrt handling scopal ambiguities in simple sentences .
The goal of the paper is to investigate such mixed isoperimetric-isodiametric inequalities in Riemannian manifolds .	We first prove that the same inequality , with the sharp Euclidean constants , holds on Cartan-Hadamard spaces as well as on minimal submanifolds of $ \mathbb { R } ^n $ .
We show that nodal lines which depend on the intensity of the non-resonant light can satisfactorily account for the effect of the polarizability at short range .	The approach allows to determine the resonance structure , energy , width , channel mixing and hybridization even for narrow resonances .
The latter is achieved by exploiting the turbulent motion .	The algorithm involves generation of a reference frame and estimation , for each incoming video frame , of a local image displacement map with respect to the reference frame ; segmentation of the displacement map into two classes : stationary and moving objects and resolution enhancement of stationary objects , while preserving real motion .
Poisson processes with arrival rate $ \lambda $ and respective arrival times $ X_1 , X_2 , \dots $ and $ Y_1 , Y_2 , \dots $ on a line .	We give a closed analytical formula for the moment distance $ \E { |X_ { k+r } -Y_k|^a } , $ for any integer $ k\ge 1 , r\ge 0 , $ when $ a $ is natural number .
For a given combination of UV channel , filters and exposure time , the user creates a set of point-like and extended sources ( source model ) .	This source model produces a final image , which takes into account a pixelated field of view , a realistic conversion between physical flux and counts per second , the convolution with the expected point spread function , a sky background and noise fluctuations .
In this work , we include objects with very low Eddington ratio ( 10^ { -3 } - 10^ { -2 } ) in an evolution scenario , and compare the results with the observed local distribution of black holes .	We test several possibilities for the AGN population , considering obscuration and dependence with luminosity , and investigate the role of the Eddington ratio and radiative accretion efficiency on the shape of the evolved mass function .
This high latitude emission does not explain the observed spectral softening .	In contrast , the temporal behaviour and the spectral evolution during the fast-decline phase agree with the predictions of the cannonball model of GRBs .
We then discuss systems with arbitrary velocity space anisotropy finding a new and very general class of distribution functions .	These distributions may prove useful in modelling galaxies .
While strongly coupled quantum dot-photonic crystal resonator systems have great potential as non-classical light sources , the generation of indistinguishable photons has been obscured due to the strongly dissipative nature of such systems .	Here , we circumvent this quandary through a recently discovered self-homodyne suppression technique in solid-state strongly coupled systems .
Here we show that the distribution of the number of events in a bursty period serves as a good indicator of the dependencies , leading to the universal observation of power-law distribution in a broad class of phenomena .	We find that the correlations in these quite different systems can be commonly interpreted by memory effects and described by a simple phenomenological model , which displays temporal behavior qualitatively similar to that in real systems .
Interestingly , the optimal separate source and channel codes identified for these models are not necessarily the optimal codes for the underlying source coding or the channel coding problems .	In other words , while separation of the source and channel codes is optimal , the nature of these optimal codes is impacted by the joint design criterion .
NGC1333 is a 1-2 Myr old cluster of stars in the Perseus molecular cloud .	We used 850mu data from the Gould Belt Survey with SCUBA-2 on the JCMT to measure or place limits on disc masses for 82 Class II sources in this cluster .
We find phase lags of between 0.03 and 0.2 radians in all these sources , with a variation in frequency much less than expected for a lag constant in time .	We also measure a coherence consistent with unity in all sources .
At the coarse level , we combine local feature representation and context interaction using a deep convolutional network , and directly learn the interaction from high order cliques with a message passing routine , avoiding time-consuming explicit graph inference for joint probability distribution .	At the fine level , we introduce a guided filtering interpretation for the mean field algorithm , and achieve accurate object boundaries with 100+ faster than classic learning methods .
The recent observations of the anomalous cosmic ray ( ACR ) energy spectrum as Voyagers 1 and 2 crossed the heliospheric termination shock have called into question the conventional shock source of these energetic particles .	We suggest that the sectored heliospheric magnetic field , which results from the flapping of the heliospheric current sheet , piles up as it approaches the heliopause , narrowing the current sheets that separate the sectors and triggering the onset of collisionless magnetic reconnection .
Methods that might work are not good enough ; what is preserved today should be reliably useful whenever someone wants it .	Prior proposals fail because they confound saved data with irrelevant details of today 's information technology -- details that are difficult to define , extract , and save completely and accurately .
Our analysis is based on the statistical sample of collisionless mergers of disk galaxies with different mass ratios and orbital parameters , published by Naab & amp ; Burkert .	We use the spectral method by Carpintero & amp ; Aguilar to determine the orbital content of every remnant and correlate it with its intrinsic shape , and its projected kinematic and photometric properties .
However , irreversible entropy production arising from quantum dynamics in mesoscopic quantum systems has not been experimentally investigated yet .	In this work we measure the rate of entropy produced by an open quantum system in a non-equilibrium steady state for two different experimental setups : a micro-mechanical resonator and a Bose-Einstein condensate .
We report results for the ground state energy $ E_0 $ and spin-gap $ \Delta_s $ at half-filling , as well as dispersion curves for one and two-hole excitations .	For small $ U $ both $ E_0 $ and $ \Delta_s $ show a dramatic drop near $ t/t_ { \perp } \sim 0.5 $ , which becomes more gradual for larger $ U $ .
By assuming an isotropic pressure distribution , we obtain the general solution of the field equations in an exact parametric form .	The behavior of the geometric and thermodynamic parameters of the Bianchi type I Universe is studied , by using both analytical and numerical methods , for some classes of high density matter , described by the stiff causal , radiation , and pressureless fluid equations of state .
For ZA and ZP/ZS , the latter are based on both standard twisted mass and Osterwalder-Seiler fermions , while for ZV a Ward Identity has been used .	The quark field renormalization constant Zq and the scale dependent renormalization constants ZS , ZP and ZT are determined in the RI-MOM scheme .
These effective Hamiltonians are useful for coherence transfer experiments and implementation of quantum logic gates in NMR quantum computing .	It is demonstrated that computing these time optimal pulse sequences can be reduced to geometric problems that involve computing sub-Riemannian geodesics on Homogeneous spaces .
Energy of $ \sim 4 { MeV } $ is required to form a kink at densities of $ \sim 3.4 \times 10^ { 13 } { g cm } ^ { -3 } $ .	Magnus force makes the vortex line parabolic on global scale .
As a consequence , we show that algebras of functions on quantum groups at roots of one are co-Frobenius .	We also characterize co-Frobenius Hopf algebras with coradical a Hopf subalgebra .
The comparison between dynamical mass and lensing mass provides a targeted test for a wide range of modified gravity models .	In our previous paper we showed , through numerical simulations , that the measurement of the line-of-sight velocity dispersion around stacked massive clusters whose lensing masses are known allows for stringent constraints on modified gravity on scales of 2 - 15 Mpc/h .
Operation relies on energy-selective electron tunneling into a two-dimensional electron gas in quantizing magnetic fields .	This quantum refrigerator provides significant cooling power ( ~1 nW at a few K for realistic parameters ) and offers a unique flexibility thanks to its tunability via the magnetic-field intensity .
The locations of the O Vz stars are probed , showing a concentration of the most extreme cases toward the youngest star forming regions .	The occurrence of the Vz spectral peculiarity in a solar-metallicity environment , as predicted by the fastwind code , is also investigated , confirming the importance of taking into account several processes for the correct interpretation of the phenomenon .
The object of this study is an integral operator $ \mathcal { S } $ which averages functions in the Euclidean upper half-space $ \mathbb { R } _ { + } ^ { n } $ over the half-spheres centered on the topological boundary $ \partial \mathbb { R } _ { + } ^ { n } $ .	By generalizing Norton 's approach to the inversion of arc means in the upper half-plane , we intertwine $ \mathcal { S } $ with a convolution operator $ \mathcal { P } $ .
We use these topological computations to prove algebraic results like computing the number of conjugacy classes of G which split in a central extension .	Our main example is the case where V = R^n and G = the symmetric group of n letters acting on V by permutation of the coordinates .
We calculate the statistics of the span and the end-to-end distance of a semiflexible polymer of finite length in the extended de Gennes regime , exploiting the fact that the problem can be mapped to a one-dimensional weakly self-avoiding random walk .	The results thus obtained compare favourably with pruned-enriched Rosenbluth method ( PERM ) simulations of a three-dimensional discrete wormlike chain model of DNA confined in a nanochannel .
The first evidence for Quantum Chromodynamics ( QCD ) , the theory of the strong interactions , came from the systematics of baryon and meson spectroscopy .	An important early observation was the apparent absence of exotics , baryons requiring more than three quarks or mesons requiring more than quark-antiquark .
For analyzing supply chain performance in decentralized state and the relationships between the members of supply chain , we use Stackelberg game and we consider in this paper a hierarchical equilibrium solution for a two-level game .	Specially , we formulate a model that crosses through multi-periods by a dynamic discreet Stackelberg game .
A relativistic light front formulation of nuclear dynamics is developed and applied to treating infinite nuclear matter in a method which includes the correlations of pairs of nucleons : this is light front Brueckner theory .	We start with a hadronic meson-baryon Lagrangian that is consistent with chiral symmetry .
The key observation in the proof is that $ \mathcal { D } _5 ( x^2 , u ) $ is a planar function from $ \mathbb { F } _ { 3^m } $ to $ \mathbb { F } _ { 3^m } $ for $ m $ odd .	Since then a few families of new skew Hadamard difference sets have been discovered .
On the other hand , the leads have a strong effect on the anisotropy of the charged states of the molecule , which are probed in Coulomb blockade transport .	Furthermore , we demonstrate that an external electric potential , modeling a gate electrode , can be used to manipulate the magnetic properties of the system .
Precisely , this paper aims at designing the precoding scheme which , in contrast to single gateway schemes , entails two main challenges .	First , the precoding matrix shall be separated into feed groups assigned to each gateway .
We report the first sub-arc second ( 0.65 $ \arcsec $ $ \times $ 0.51 $ \arcsec $ ) image of the dimethyl ether molecule , ( CH $ _ { 3 } $ ) $ _ { 2 } $ O , toward the Orion Kleinmann-Low nebula ( Orion -- KL ) .	The observations were carried at 43.4 GHz with the Expanded Very Large Array ( EVLA ) .
Each family contains three parameters .	Two of these families represent thick domain walls in a five dimensional Kaluza-Klein spacetime .
The First G-APD Cherenkov Telescope ( FACT ) was built on the Canary Island of La Palma in October 2011 as a proof of principle for silicon based photosensors in Cherenkov Astronomy .	The scientific goal of the project is to study the variability of active galatic nuclei ( AGN ) at TeV energies .
The involved variables are the displacements , fluid flux ( Darcy velocity ) , and the pore pressure , and they are discretized by using the lowest possible approximation order : Crouzeix-Raviart finite elements for the displacements , lowest order Raviart-Thomas-Nedelec elements for the Darcy velocity , and piecewise constant approximation for the pressure .	Mass lumping technique is introduced for the Raviart-Thomas-Nedelec elements in order to eliminate the Darcy velocity and , therefore , reduce the computational cost .
This is the first time that orbital elements could be derived for a binary in a dSph .	The system consists of a metal-poor red giant and a low-mass companion , possibly a white dwarf , with a 135-days period in a moderately eccentric ( $ e=0.18 $ ) orbit .
The analytic physics , when it is development from aprioristic form , constructs all the laws from the Hamilton principle , also called action principle .	According to this principle all systems are characterized by a magnitude called action which variation is equal to zero for the real evolution of the systems .
We show that the latter converges in distribution to a Poisson point process of exponential intensity .	In particular , we identify the correct centering of the ground-state and prove the convergence in distribution of the centered minimum to a ( minus ) Gumbel variable .
We show that low hydrogen pressures allow a saturation of dangling bonds in the layers , while high doses lead to the creation of new defects .	We show also that thermal annealing under moderate temperatures improves the structural quality of the deposited layers .
We derive deep composite luminosity functions in B , g , V , r , i and z down to an absolute magnitude of -14 +5 log h mag .	The luminosity functions are fitted by a single Schechter function with M^*=-19.8 , -20.9 , -21.9 , -22.0 , -21.7 and -22.3 i B , g , V.r , i , z respectively and alpha=-1.3 for all bands .
Here , we study domain walls in the random-field Ising model .	Although , in two dimensions , this system does not show an ordering transition to a ferromagnetic state , in the presence of a uniform external field spin domains percolate beyond a critical field strength .
Afterwards , resorting to the weak equivalence principle , we obtain the corresponding quantities in a freely falling reference frame .	Finally , comparing this last result with the measurement outputs that would appear in a Minkowskian spacetime it will be found that they do not coincide , in other words , we have a violation of Einstein equivalence principle .
The resulting eruptions are strongly affected by the irradiation of the secondary star .	Our model reproduces very well the recurrence time and the characteristics of the light curve in outburst .
We have previously used twisted zeta-functions to define a meromorphic CG-valued function Phi_ { K/k } ( s ) in a way similar to the use of partial zeta-functions to define the better-known function Theta_ { K/k } ( s ) .	For each prime number p , we now show how the value Phi_ { K/k } ( 0 ) combines with a p-adic regulator of semilocal units to define a natural Z_pG-submodule of Q_pG which we denote { frak S } _ { K/k } .
This method , based upon Landau 's theory of second-order phase transitions , provides the critical value of the ellipsoid polar eccentricity e at the onset of viscosity-driven instability and it is valid for any equation of state .	The extension of this method to Post-Newtonian fluid configurations has been accomplished by combining two earlier orthogonal works , specialized respectively to slow rotating configurations but with arbitrary density profile and to constant mass density but arbitrarily fast rotating ellipsoids .
Roughly speaking , we consider infinitesimal gyroscopes and homogeneously deformable gyroscopes ( affienly-rigid bodies ) in curved manifolds .	We follow our earlier models of extended rigid and affinely-rigid bodies moving in a flat space .
In this work , we use Hadamard matrices to construct the first explicit 2-parity MDS storage code with optimal repair properties for all single node failures , including the parities .	Our construction relies on a novel method of achieving perfect interference alignment over finite fields with a finite file size , or number of extensions .
We study the possibility that the Higgs boson as well as neutral components of the $ Z_2 $ -odd scalar doublet field can satisfy conditions from slow-roll inflation and vacuum stability up to the inflation scale .	We find that a part of parameter regions where these scalar fields can play a role of an inflaton is compatible with the current data from neutrino experiments and those of the dark matter abundance as well as the direct search results .
The derivation of functional equations for one-loop propagator- and vertex - type integrals is given .	It is shown that a propagator - type integral can be written as a sum of two integrals with modified scalar invariants and one propagator massless .
X-ray absorption spectroscopy ( XAS ) Ru L-edge and O K-edge measurements on single crystals of Sr2YRu1-xCuxO6 ( x=0.01-0.05 ) solid solutions show that Cu replaces Ru in the lattice which results in a lattice distortion and itinerant holes that increase with increasing x. Powder X-ray diffraction ( XRD ) measurements confirm the lattice distortion through changes in the lattice parameters .	Magnetic measurements reveal an antiferromagnetic transition at 32 K in the crystals with x=0 and a diamagnetic transition at 32 K for x \geq 0.01indicative of superconductivity in the zero field cooled ( ZFC ) curves .
The evolution of the resulting continuous system is governed by a differential equation , which describes a diffusion process on a circle with a nonzero drifting velocity .	The short time behavior of this diffusion process is obtained directly by solving the equation , while the long time behavior is derived using the Poisson summation formula .
Recently there has been activity to try to use some of these reformuations to find a shorter proof of the 4CT .	Every triangulation in \ ( \mathfrak H\ ) has a dual graph that is a union of two binary trees with the same number of leaves .
Besides , we find the basin of the attractor of the system .	It is proved that such kind of dynamical system is not ergodic on a unit sphere with respect to the Haar measure .
However , there are no known counterexamples for finite groups .	In this dissertation we will give a general outline of the positive scalar curvature problem , and sketch proofs of some of the known positive and negative results .
Increasing the statistics of spectroscopically confirmed evolved massive stars in the Local Group enables the investigation of the mass loss phenomena that occur in these stars in the late stages of their evolution .	We aim to complete the census of luminous mid-IR sources in star-forming dwarf irregular ( dIrr ) galaxies of the Local Group .
However , the new superconductor materials involve the chemistry of arsenic , their toxicity remain unclear [ Nature , 2008 , 452 ( 24 ) :922 ] .	In this study the possible adverse effects of this new family of superconductors on cells have been examined .
HD 152219 is a massive binary system with O9.5 III + B1-2 V/III components and a short orbital period of 4.2 d. Its primary component further displays clear line profile variability ( LPV ) .	The primary component being located within the pulsational instability domain predicted for high-luminosity stars , we previously suggested that the observed LPV could be associated with non-radial pulsations .
This study has yielded a catalog of properties of & gt ; 14,000 X-ray point sources ; & gt ; 9800 of them have multiwavelength counterparts .	Using Chandra 's unsurpassed X-ray spatial resolution , we have separated these point sources from the extensive , spatially-complex diffuse emission that pervades the region ; X-ray properties of this diffuse emission suggest that it traces feedback from Carina 's massive stars .
Motivated by this result we are interested in constructions of Diophantine equations of Ramanujan-Nagell type $ x^2=Ak^ { n } +B $ with many solutions .	Here , $ A , B\in\Z $ ( thus $ A , B $ are not necessarily positive ) and $ k\in\Z_ { \geq 2 } $ are given integers .
By taking the toy model of a set of electric charges in a compact space , we discuss two different effects appearing when global tadpoles are not cancelled .	On the compact directions a constant term appears that allows to solve the equations of motion .
For the read-out of the interferometer we utilize state-dependent collisions , which selectively remove atoms of one kind from the detected signal .	We investigate the dependence of the interferometric signal on timing and field parameters , and find good agreement with time-dependent quantum simulations of the interferometer .
We present a new approach to the matching of 2D shapes using XML language and dynamic programming .	Given a 2D shape , we extract its contour and which is represented by set of points .
Pinning of dislocations at nanosized obstacles like precipitates , voids and bubbles , is a crucial mechanism in the context of phenomena like hardening and creep .	The interaction between such an obstacle and a dislocation is often explored at fundamental level by means of analytical tools , atomistic simulations and finite element methods .
Using the IRAM 30m telescope , we report the detection of the CO ( 3 -- 2 ) , CO ( 4 -- 3 ) , CO ( 5 -- 4 ) and CO ( 6 -- 5 ) lines in the gravitational lensed submm galaxy SMM J16359+6612 at z=2.5 .	The CO lines have a double peak profile in all transitions .
The method provides a promising alternative to existing techniques and offers many important simplifications .	We use it here to find the fourth , sixth and eighth moments of the level density for k fermions or bosons interacting through a random hermitian potential in the limit where the number of possible single-particle states is taken to infinity .
The problem of computing an MIS on a network is a fundamental problem in distributed algorithms and the fastest algorithm for this problem is the $ O ( \log n ) $ -round algorithm due to Luby ( SICOMP 1986 ) and Alon et al .	( J. Algorithms 1986 ) from more than 25 years ago .
Our previous investigations [ M. M. Mola et al. , Phys.Rev .	B 62 ( 2000 ) 5965 ] revealed a transformation from a correlated quasi-two-dimensional pinned vortex phase , to either a depinned or liquid state .
Its one-sided radio jet structure on milli-arcsecond ( mas ) and ~10-mas scales typical for blazars was first imaged at 5 GHz with very long baseline interferometry ( VLBI ) in 2006 .	Here we report on our dual-frequency ( 1.7 and 5 GHz ) imaging observations performed with the European VLBI Network ( EVN ) in 2013 .
The ideal SG must combine these two aspects while still being economically viable .	In this article , we propose a production chain model to efficiently conceive and produce SGs that are certified for their educational gain and fun qualities .
We also show that given an arbitrarily oriented $ n $ -vertex cycle $ C $ , a random digraph $ D \sim { \cal D } ( n , p ) $ w.h.p .	contains $ ( 1\pm o ( 1 ) ) n ! p^n $ copies of $ C $ , provided $ p \geq \log ^ { 1 + o ( 1 ) } n/n $ .
Quantum mechanics -- -the theory describing the fundamental workings of nature -- -is famously counterintuitive : it predicts that a particle can be in two places at the same time , and that two remote particles can be inextricably and instantaneously linked .	These predictions have been the topic of intense metaphysical debate ever since the theory 's inception early last century .
This collaborative framework distributes analysis and multi-objective off-line and on-line auto-tuning of computer systems among many participants while utilizing any available smart phone , tablet , laptop , cluster or data center , and continuously observing , classifying and modeling their realistic behavior .	Any unexpected behavior is analyzed using shared data mining and predictive modeling plugins or exposed to the community at cTuning.org for collaborative explanation , top-down complexity reduction , incremental problem decomposition and detection of correlating program , architecture or run-time properties ( features ) .
We find that MRC 2104-242 lies in an overdensity of galaxies that is 8.0 +/- 0.8 times the average density of a blank field , suggesting it resides in a large-scale structure that may eventually collapse to form a massive cluster .	We find that there is more dust obscured star formation in the protocluster galaxies than in similarly selected control field galaxies and there is tentative evidence of a higher fraction of starbursting galaxies in the denser environment .
We survey existing experimental bounds on this scale , which arise mostly from tau and B decays .	In many cases the new physics scale is constrained to be above a few TeV .
In particular , harnessing mechanical resonators for manipulation and control has expanded the use of two-level systems in quantum information science and quantum sensing .	In this letter , we report on a monolithic hybrid quantum device in which strain fields associated with resonant vibrations of a diamond cantilever dynamically control the optical transitions of a single nitrogen-vacancy ( NV ) defect center in diamond .
The discovery of strong non-thermal X-ray emission from the northwest part of the remnant strongly suggests the existence of electrons with energies up to 100 TeV in the remnant , making the SNR a good candidate TeV gamma-ray source .	We observed RXJ1713.7-3946 from May to August 1998 with the CANGAROO 3.8m atmospheric imaging Cerenkov telescope and obtained evidence for TeV gamma-ray emission from the NW rim of the remnant with the significance of 5.6 sigma .
The binary candidate has a separation of 143 mas , the spectral types are M6.5 and M9.0 for the two components .	Colors and flux ratios are consistent with the components being located at the same distance minimizing the probability of the secondary being a background object .
The Bregman 's alternating method is employed in our algorithm to achieve the distance by iteratively projecting onto the hyper-plane and the intersection .	The projection onto the intersection is obtained by cyclic Dykstra 's projection method .
Many works have studied the Internet topology , but few have investigated the question of how it evolves over time .	This paper focuses on the Internet routing IP-level topology and proposes a first step towards realistic modeling of its dynamics .
The characteristic temperature of antiferromagnetic spin fluctuations , $ T_ { SF } $ , is tuned to a minimum but { \it finite } value at $ H_c $ , which coincides with the end of the $ T $ -linear regime in the electrical resistivity .	A third temperature scale , $ T_ { QP } $ , signals the formation of quasiparticles , as fermions of charge $ e $ obeying the Wiedemann-Franz law .
The circumgalactic region of the Milky Way contains a large amount of gaseous mass in the warm-hot phase .	The presence of this warm-hot halo observed through $ z=0 $ X-ray absorption lines is generally agreed upon , but its density , path-length , and mass is a matter of debate .
As an application we obtain an instance of a cubical 4-polytope that has a non-orientable dual manifold ( a Klein bottle ) .	This confirms an existence conjecture of Hetyei ( 1995 ) .
We assume a realistic barotropic equation of state .	Equilibria of the spherically symmetric Einstein-Euler-de Sitter equations are given by the Tolman-Oppenheimer-Volkoff-de Sitter equation .
The background is estimated to be about one event .	No candidates are observed , and limits are set on the pair production cross section times branching fraction into dimuons + X for such particles .
Let $ G=\mathop { A\ast B } \limits_C $ be an amalgamated product of finite rank free groups $ A $ , $ B $ and $ C $ .	We introduce atomic measures and corresponding asymptotic densities on a set of normal forms of elements in $ G $ .
Modern high-end machines feature multiple processor packages , each of which contains multiple independent cores and integrated memory controllers connected directly to dedicated physical RAM .	These packages are connected via a shared bus , creating a system with a heterogeneous memory hierarchy .
We present high resolution ( R=25,000-35,000 ) K-band spectroscopy of two young stars , MWC 480 and V1331 Cyg .	Earlier spectrally dispersed ( R=230 ) interferometric observations of MWC 480 indicated the presence of an excess continuum emission interior to the dust sublimation radius , with a spectral shape that was interpreted as evidence for hot water emission from the inner disk of MWC 480 .
The gamma-ray space telescope Fermi found definitive evidence that high-energy emission is produced in this system .	We propose a scenario to explain the GeV gamma-ray emission in Cygnus X-3 .
In this way we can obtain fragments at very low temperatures and densities .	We call these fragments quantum drops .
This requires a different strategy , since in the infinite variance case there is no longer a relationship to the local time of Brownian resp .	L\ ' { e } vy excursions .
We measure the HI column densities of these damped systems through Voigt profile fits to their Lya profiles and we implement the apparent optical depth method to determine ionic column densities .	Figures and tables of all relevant data are presented .
As the suspension flows through a magnetized filter mesh , high magnetic gradients around the wires attract and capture the particles , removing them from the fluid .	We model such a system by considering the motion of a paramagnetic tracer particle through a periodic array of magnetized cylinders .
This is important because recently , supervised dictionary learning algorithms have been proposed , which suggest to include the category information into the learning of dictionary to improve its discriminative power .	Among them , there are some approaches that propose to learn the dictionary in a discriminative projected space .
Here we present a rigorous treatment of unsmeared Wilson loops for vacuum electromagnetism on an arbitrary globally hyperbolic static spacetime .	Our Wilson loops are not operators , but `` quasioperators '' : sesquilinear forms on the dense subspace of Fock space spanned by coherent states corresponding to smooth classical solutions .
We observed a weak anomaly at the CDW transition for the first time in the specific heat of VSe2 .	The linear temperature dependence of resistivity and thermoelectric power at higher temperatures suggests a normal metallic behavior and electron-phonon scattering above the CDW transition .
Based on the analysis of the measurement data of angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy ( ARPES ) and optics , we show that the charge transfer gap is significantly smaller than the optical one and is reduced by doping in electron doped cuprate superconductors .	This leads to a strong charge fluctuation between the Zhang-Rice singlet and the upper Hubbard bands .
Such a notion of communication complexity , referred to as bandwidth complexity , is related to the frequency bandwidth a designer should collectively allocate to the agents if they were to communicate via a wireless channel , which represents an important constraint for dense robotic networks .	We prove a lower bound on the bandwidth complexity of the consensus problem and provide a consensus algorithm that is bandwidth-optimal for a wide class of consensus functions .
Unpaired Majorana states can survive close to a topological phase transition even when the number of open channels ( defined in the absence of superconductivity ) is even .	We finally study the Andreev-bound-state spectrum in superconductor-normal metal-superconductor junctions and find that in multi-band nanowires the distinction between topologically trivial and non-trivial systems based on the number of zero-energy crossings is preserved .
We consider the model checking problem for Process Rewrite Systems ( PRSs ) , an infinite-state formalism ( non Turing-powerful ) which subsumes many common models such as Pushdown Processes and Petri Nets .	PRSs can be adopted as formal models for programs with dynamic creation and synchronization of concurrent processes , and with recursive procedures .
In the geometric model , fluctuations in the number of NN collisions at fixed impact parameter are taken into account .	Analysis suggests that in Pb+Pb collisions , individual NN collisions produces less $ & lt ; E_T & gt ; $ , than in other AA collisions .
The present grating interferometer often uses flat gratings , with serious limitations in the field of view and the flux of photons .	The use of curved gratings allows perpendicular incidence of x-rays on the gratings , and gives higher visibility over a larger field of view than a conventional interferometer with flat gratings .
The gauge sector has an extended N=2 supersymmetry and the two electroweak Higgses form an N=2 hypermultiplet , while quarks and leptons remain in N=1 chiral multiplets .	Supersymmetry is broken via the D-term expectation value of a secluded U ( 1 ) and it is transmitted to the Standard Model via gauge interactions of messengers in N=2 hypermultiplets : gauginos thus receive Dirac masses .
Dividing our sample into core-S\'ersic and S\'ersic galaxies , we find that they are described by very different M $ _ { BH } $ -M $ _ { sph , * } $ relations .	For core-S\'ersic galaxies - which are typically massive and luminous , with M $ _ { BH } \gtrsim 2x10^8 M_\odot $ - we find M $ _ { BH } \propto M_ { sph , * } ^ { ( 0.97 \pm 0.14 ) } $ , consistent with other literature relations .
With the help of unitarity arguments we predict the self-coupling constant of the field of dimension two for all super W_n-algebras .	The second solution is special in the sense that it does not have a finite classical limit c- & gt ; infinity and generic null fields appear .
We consider the Yang-Mills flow on hyperbolic 3-space .	The gauge connection is constructed from the frame-field and ( not necessarily compatible ) spin connection components .
Although much research has been devoted to improving upstream ( CRFID to RFID reader ) communication rates , the opposite direction has so far been neglected , presumably due to the difficulty of guaranteeing fast and error-free transfer amidst frequent power interruptions of CRFID .	With growing interest in the market where CRFIDs are forever-embedded in many structures , it is necessary for this void to be filled .
We aim to identify the annihilations of antihydrogen atoms held for at least 130 ms in the trap before being released over ~30 ms. After a three-week experimental run in 2009 involving mixing of 10^7 antiprotons with 1.3 10^9 positrons to produce 6 10^5 antihydrogen atoms , we have identified six antiproton annihilation events that are consistent with the release of trapped antihydrogen .	The cosmic ray background , estimated to contribute 0.14 counts , is incompatible with this observation at a significance of 5.6 sigma .
The International X-ray Observatory ( IXO ) is a joint ESA-JAXA-NASA effort to address fundamental and timely questions in astrophysics : What happens close to a black hole ?	How did supermassive black holes grow ?
[ Science 328 , 1658 ( 2010 ) ] for neon .	A substantial discrepancy was found between the measured and the calculated values of the relative time delay .
We propose a model for the optical/IR emission in which a distribution of energetic electrons in the neutron-star magnetosphere emits synchrotron radiation .	This model can naturally reproduce the observed brightness and the rising spectra of AXPs as well as the observed pulsations at the stellar spin frequency and the correlation of the IR flux with their bursting activity .
The quest for robust heuristics that are able to solve more than one problem is ongoing .	In this paper , we present , discuss and analyse a technique called Evolutionary Squeaky Wheel Optimisation and apply it to two different personnel scheduling problems .
The distances obtained by the two techniques agree to 1.5 \pm 0.6 % with the Bayesian distances being larger .	The radii agree to 1.1 % \pm 0.7 % with the Bayesian determinations again being larger .
We present chemical evolution models of the Galactic disk with different Z-dependent yields .	We find that a moderate mass loss rate for massive stars of solar metallicity produces an excellent fit to the observed C/H and C/O gradients of the Galactic disk .
DFT calculations show that the Fe-substitution effectively inhibits the CDW superstructure and thereby the CDW domains are destroyed .	With further increasing $ x $ ( $ x & gt ; 0.03 $ ) , the disorder-induced scattering increases , and the system enters into the possible Anderson localization ( AL ) state .
In this work , we { \it analytically } \/ evaluate the spectrum of magnetic and electric fields generated in a sub-class of such models .	We illustrate that , for cosmological scales which have wavenumbers much smaller than the wavenumber associated with the bounce , the shape of the spectrum is preserved across the bounce .
We review a recently proposed framework for studying axially symmetric dissipative fluids \cite { Ref1 } .	Some general results are discussed at the most general level .
The motivation of this study comes from many situations that involve repeatedly making choices subject to arbitrary constraints in an uncertain environment : for instance , regularly deciding which advertisements to display online in order to gain high click-through-rate without knowing user preferences , or what route to drive home each day under uncertain weather and traffic conditions .	Assume that there are $ K $ unknown random variables ( RVs ) , i.e. , arms , each evolving as an \emph { i.i.d } stochastic process over time .
An undercooled liquid is unstable .	The driving force of the glass transition at Tg is a change of the undercooled-liquid Gibbs free energy .
These vacua are appropriate for compactification to N=1 supersymmetry theories in both four and five dimensions .	We allow for general E_8 x E_8 gauge bundles and for the presence of five-branes .
We obtain cosmological constraints from a measurement of the spherically averaged power spectrum ( PS ) of the distribution of about 90000 luminous red galaxies ( LRGs ) across 7646 deg2 in the Northern Galactic Cap from the DR7 of the SDSS .	The errors and mode correlations are estimated thanks to the 160 LasDamas mock catalogues , created in order to simulate the same galaxies and to have the same selection as the data .
Particular attention is given to the conductance oscillations due to Aharonov-Bohm interference and their unexpected periodicity .	To explain the latter we propose the mechanisms of scattering by point defects and Coulomb blockade tunneling .
A key idea for efficient instantiation of REAPER is to exploit predictability of mobility patterns , in terms of a semi-deterministic model which appropriately captures several vehicular and human inter-contact patterns .	Packets are thus routed using paths that are jointly optimal at their time of arrival , in contrast to extant DTN protocols which use time-average metrics for routing .
We use the radio-infrared ( IR ) flux correlation bet ween star-forming galaxies in the local universe to derive a simple analytical expression between the intensity of the IR background and the brightness t emperature of the radio background .	This relation i s insensitive to the star formation history of the galaxies that produce the cosmic IR background ( CIB ) .
The high temperature sustainability of the FBGs written into these fibers was investigated and seen to be quite significant at temperatures as high as 850 ^ { \circ } C , in particular for the Sn/Er and Sb/Er fibers .	A fiber laser using the Sb/Er fiber as the gain medium was demonstrated , giving evidence of the strong fluorescence emission from the Er dopant .
) , and bulk spin relaxation for graphene spin valves with MgO barriers , Al2O3 barriers , and transparent contacts .	We obtain effective spin lifetimes by fitting the Hanle spin precession data with two models that include or exclude the effect of spin absorption .
In this paper , we compare and contrast two recently introduced approaches to document clustering based on suffix tree data model .	The first is an Efficient Phrase based document clustering , which extracts phrases from documents to form compact document representation and uses a similarity measure based on common suffix tree to cluster the documents .
Such a distribution is the equivalent of the Maxwell-Boltzmann 's distribution in the kinetic theory of gasses .	The comparison with a very extensive set of experimental and simulation data for packings of monosized spherical grains , reveals a remarkably good quantitative agreement with the theoretical predictions for the density fluctuations both at the grain level and at the global system level .
In the previous work ( Phys .	Fluids , { \bf 22 } , 052105 ( 2010 ) ) , we considered two dimensional flow , finding formation of surface waves whose properties within the implemented long wave model depend on a single parameter , $ D= ( 3Ca ) ^ { 1/3 } \cot\alpha $ , where $ Ca $ is the capillary number and $ \alpha $ is the inclination angle .
Plasmon excitations in QCB may be involved in resonance diffraction of incident electromagnetic waves and in optical absorption in the IR part of the spectrum .	Direct absorption of external electric field in QCB strongly depends on the direction of the wave vector $ { \bf q } . $ This results in two types of $ 1D\to 2D $ dimensional crossover with varying angle of an incident wave or its frequency .
We provide explicit bounds on the size of the point samples required for such reconstruction in terms of intrinsic properties of the domain , the co-domain and the function .	This reconstruction is robust to certain types of bounded sampling and evaluation noise .
Voltage-induced magnetic anisotropy has been quantitatively studied in polycrystalline Ni thin film deposited on flexible substrate using microstrip ferromagnetic resonance .	This anisotropy is induced by a piezoelectric actuator on which the film/substrate system was glued .
We present a study of e+e- - & gt ; ttH at a linear collider , with the aim of making a direct measurement of the the top-Higgs coupling , g ( ttH ) using the semi-leptonic final state and M_H of 120 GeV .	We show that the top-Higgs coupling at the center of mass energy 500 GeV , can be measured with an accuracy of better than 28 % .
In many applications , extremely large problem sizes are envisioned , with at least tens of thousands of equations and hundreds of thousands of unknowns .	For such problem sizes , low computational complexity is paramount .
This article is a commentary on the verdict of the `` L'Aquila Six '' , the group of bureaucrats and scientists tried by an Italian court as a result of their public statements in advance of the quake of 2009 Apr .	6 that left the city in ruins and cause more than 300 deaths .
Classical chemical kinetics and chemical thermodynamics are obtained as some scaling limits in the models , introduced below .	In the second part of this paper we specify some simple class of open chemical reaction systems , where one can still prove the existence of attracting fixed points .
Quasi-normal modes are also very important in the context of testing of the stability of black objects , the anti-de Sitter/Conformal Field Theory ( AdS/CFT ) correspondence and in higher dimensional theories , such as the brane-world scenarios and string theory .	This dissertation reviews a number of works , which provide a thorough study of the quasi-normal spectrum of a wide class of black holes in four and higher dimensions for fields of various spin and gravitational perturbations .
We find that ( i ) the volume distribution of off-book transactions has a significantly fatter tail than the one of on-book transactions , ( ii ) groups of members and non-members can be classified in categories according to their trading profile ( iii ) there is a strong anticorrelation between the daily inventory variation of a market member due to the on-book market transactions and inventory variation due to the off-book market transactions with non-members , and ( iv ) the autocorrelation of the sign of the orders of non-members in the off-book market is slowly decaying .	We also analyze the on-book price impact function over time , both for positive and negative lags , of the electronic trades and of the off-book trades .
The results are generic and agree with those obtained in the particular case of the rotating Teo wormhole in N. Tsukamoto and C. Bambi , Phys.Rev .	D 91 , 104040 ( 2015 ) .
The proposal uses a field-dependent time reparameterization in the field theory .	We relate this reparametrization to various gauge invariances of the theory .
We find PZ Tel to be a rapidly rotating ( vsini=73\pm5km/s ) , ~solar metallicity star ( logN ( Fe ) =-4.37 dex or [ Fe/H ] =0.05 dex ) with a measured mean logR'HK of -4.12 .	We measure a NLTE lithium abundance of logN ( Li ) =3.1\pm0.1dex , which from depletion models gives rise to an age of 7+4-2 Myrs for the system .
The microscopic energies and nuclear deformations of about 1850 even-even nuclei are calculated systematically within the macroscopic-microscopic framework using three Woods-Saxon parameterizations , with different isospin dependences , which were constructed mainly for nuclear spectroscopy calculations .	Calculations are performed in the deformation space $ ( \beta_2 , \gamma , \beta_4 ) $ .
We have carried out 21 cm radio continuum , H76_\alpha radio recombination line , and various ( CO , ^13CO , CS , & amp ; C^34S ) molecular line observations of the W31 complex .	Our radio continuum data show that W31 is composed of two extended HII regions , G10.2-0.3 and G10.3-0.1 , each of which comprises an ultracompact HII region , two or more compact components , and diffuse envelope .
The key point for this classification is how those extremals depend on the cost function .	We focus on control systems such as nonholonomic control mechanical systems and the associated kinematic systems as long as they are equivalent .
Recent success in describing `` Bose-type '' superconductors that possess two characterstic temperatures and a pseudogap above $ T_c $ is the development approximately comparable with the BCS theory .	One can expect that it should have influence on high-energy physics , similar to impact of the BCS theory on this subject .
We study the effect of mergers on the morphology of galaxies by means of the simulated merger tree approach first proposed by Moster et al .	This method combines N-body cosmological simulations and semi-analytic techniques to extract realistic initial conditions for galaxy mergers .
The operator of weak commutativity between isomorphic groups $ H $ and $ H^ { \psi } $ was defined by Sidki as \begin { equation* } \chi ( H ) =\left\langle H\ , H^ { \psi } \mid \lbrack h , h^ { \psi } ] =1\ , \forall \ , h\in H\right\rangle \text { . }	\end { equation* } % It is known that the operator $ \chi $ preserves group properties such as finiteness , solubility and also nilpotency for finitely generated groups .
Other experiments did not observed those candidates .	Furthermore , the masses of the $ \theta^+ $ ( 1540 ) candidates exhibit a large variation in different measurements .
We aim to investigate the primordial conditions and the relation among physical , chemical , and magnetic properties in the evolution of low-mass starless cores .	We used the IRAM 30-m telescope to map the 1.2 mm dust continuum emission of five new starless cores , which are in good agreement with previous visual extinction maps .
The effect of adiabatic and non-adiabatic spin transfer torques on vortex motion is highlighted .	Similarities to and differences from the superconducting case are presented and explained .
We show that its modular data DHg fits into a family $ D^\omega Hg_ { 2n+1 } $ , where $ n\ge 0 $ and $ \omega\in \bbZ_ { 2n+1 } $ .	We show $ D^0 Hg_ { 2n+1 } $ is related to the subfactors Izumi hypothetically associates to the cyclic groups $ Z_ { 2n+1 } $ .
Architectural structures such as masonry walls or columns exhibit a slender verticality , in contrast to the squat , sloped forms obtained with typical unconfined granular materials .	Here we demonstrate the ability to create freestanding , weight-bearing , similarly slender and vertical structures by the simple pouring of suitably shaped dry particles into a mold that is subsequently removed .
The separation of the source created in ultrarelativistic heavy-ion collisions into a thermalized dense core and an outer mantle consisting of independent nucleon-nucleon collisions is discussed .	Evidence for such a two component picture is found in transverse mass spectra of kaon , protons and antiprotons produced in Au-Au collisions at 200GeV .
This paper describes results of magnetic field measurements of white dwarfs carried out on the 6-m telescope for the last years .	A magnetic field of about Be ~ 28 kG has been discovered in the degenerate star WD 1953-011 .
We present the parallel and interacting stochastic approximation annealing ( PISAA ) algorithm , a stochastic simulation procedure for global optimisation , that extends and improves the stochastic approximation annealing ( SAA ) by using population Monte Carlo ideas .	The standard SAA algorithm guarantees convergence to the global minimum when a square-root cooling schedule is used ; however the efficiency of its performance depends crucially on its self-adjusting mechanism .
We consider Markov processes in continuous time with state space $ \posint^N $ and provide two sufficient conditions and one necessary condition for the existence of moments $ E ( \|X ( t ) \|^r ) $ of all orders $ r \in \nat $ for all $ t \geq 0 $ .	The sufficient conditions also guarantee an exponential in time growth bound for the moments .
At next-to-leading order we compare the full electroweak corrections with the pole-expanded approximations , confirming the validity of the approximation .	At O ( \alpha_s\alpha ) , we describe the concept of the expansion and report on results on the non-factorizable contributions , which turn out to be phenomenologically negligible .
Ultra-intense ultra-short laser is firstly used to irradiate the capacity-coil target to generate magnetic field .	The spatial structure and temporal evolution of huge magnetic fields were studied with time-gated proton radiography method .
Experiments demonstrate a high sensitivity of integrin signaling to ligand density and this has been accounted mainly to avidity effects .	Based on experimental data we have developed a quantitative Monte Carlo model for integrin signal initiation .
A point that is still to be explored is fluctuations ( in space and time ) in the localized absorption of radiation by the tissues .	Methods : A Monte Carlo simulation code has been developed to study over a 30 year period the daily absorption of alpha radiation by micrometer sized portions of tissue placed at a distance of 0-100 micrometers from a model source , that approximates a compact thorium dioxide source in liver or spleen whose size is larger or equal to 20 micrometers .
In this paper we study the homology of $ U ( P , r ) $ -- the union of $ d $ -dimensional balls of radius $ r $ around $ P $ , as $ n \to \infty $ , and $ r \to 0 $ .	In addition we study the critical points of $ d_P $ -- the distance function from the set $ P $ .
L1157 is the prototype of chemically active outflows , and a strong shock , called B1 , is taking place in its blue lobe between the precessing jet and the hosting cloud .	We present the Herschel-PACS 55 -- 210 micron spectra of the L1157-B1 shock , showing emission lines from CO , H2O , OH , and [ OI ] .
When it is positive and finite , the macroscopic system involves a two-concentration system , coupled through a term accounting for the non local effects .	In the other two cases , where the capacity is either infinite or going to zero , although the form of the system is much simpler , some peculiar effects still account for the presence of the suspension .
The internal structure of hadrons is explicitly introduced and the angular momentum of the constituents plays a key role .	We give an overview of the light-front holographic approach to strongly coupled QCD .
In the case of the interaction with a static magnetic field , the amplitude of the electromagnetic waves depends on the size of the excitation region in which the magnetic field is contained .	It is argued that due to the presence of a plasma this process can also lead to the generation of higher harmonics of the original mode .
When the diffusion length is comparable to the system size phase coherence is maintained but the amplitudes of the oscillations are uncorrelated due to interaction between fluctuations and the instability of the chaotic dynamics .	If the diffusion length is small compared to the system size then phase turbulence serves to destroy the noisy global attractor .
Gas easily transfers angular momentum to stars in strong bars , making them likely candidates .	Although ground-based searches for bars in active galaxies using both optical and near infrared surface brightness have not found any excess of bars relative to quiescent galaxies , the searches have not been able to rule out small-scale nuclear bars .
Non-equilibrium spin transport through an interacting quantum dot is analyzed .	The coherent spin oscillations in the dot provide a generating source for spin current .
In this chapter we discuss aspects of the quantum critical behavior that occurs at a quantum phase transition separating a topological phase from a conventionally ordered one .	We concentrate on a family of quantum lattice models , namely certain deformations of the toric code model , that exhibit continuous quantum phase transitions .
The ( negative of the ) left/right-side derivatives of the energy with respect to N , N_up , and N_down give the fixed-N_s , spin-up , and spin-down ionization potentials/electron affinities , respectively , while the derivative of E [ N , N_s , v , B ] with respect to N_s gives the ( signed ) half excitation energy to a state with N_s increased ( or decreased ) by 2 .	The highest occupied and lowest unoccupied Kohn-Sham spin-orbital energies are identified as the corresponding spin-up and spin-down ionization potentials and electron affinities .
We study statistical properties of the irregular bursting arising in a class of neuronal models close to the transition from spiking to bursting .	Prior to the transition to bursting , the systems in this class develop chaotic attractors , which generate irregular spiking .
For such laser-driven two-level atoms , we construct Bessel beams beyond the typical paraxial approximation .	We show that the probability density of these atomic beams obtains a non-trivial , Bessel-squared-type behavior and can be tuned under the special choice of the atom and laser parameters , such as the nuclear charge , atom velocity , laser frequency , and propagation geometry of the atom and laser beams .
Using a series of high-resolution N-body hydrodynamical numerical simulations , we investigate several scenarios for the evolution of the baryon budget in galactic halos .	We derive individual halo star formation history ( SFH ) , as well as the global star formation rate in the universe .
Here , we achieve sharp definition of kz to enable precise navigation in 3D k space by pushing ARPES into the soft-X-ray photon energy range .	Essential to break through the notorious problem of small photoexcitation cross-section was an advanced photon flux performance of our instrumentation .
We found overall no significant point-like excess above 0.5 EeV in the northern sky .	Subsequently , we also searched for coincidence with the Fermi bright Galactic sources .
Due to a very large modality gap , thermal-to-visible face recognition is one of the most challenging face matching problem .	In this paper , we present an approach to bridge this modality gap by a significant margin .
Compressed Sensing ( CS ) is an appealing framework for applications such as Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) .	However , up-to-date , the sensing schemes suggested by CS theories are made of random isolated measurements , which are usually incompatible with the physics of acquisition .
Although geophysics has certainly benefited from progress in physics and sometimes emulated the reductionist program of mainstream physics , it has also educated the physics community about some of the generic behaviors of strongly nonlinear systems .	Dramatic examples are the insights we have gained into the `` emergent '' phenomena of chaos , cascading instabilities , turbulence , self-organization , fractal structure , power-law variability , anomalous scaling , threshold dynamics , creep , fracture , and so on .
We discuss various aspects concerning stochastic domination for the Ising model and the fuzzy Potts model .	We begin by considering the Ising model on the homogeneous tree of degree $ d $ , $ \Td $ .
Phase transitions are necessary for a mixing of elements , but depend sensitively on the thermal and dynamical state of the interstellar medium .	Models of chemical evolution start usually with a high N/O ratio at low O abundance according to a metal enrichment by ancient stellar populations with common yields , but can only reproduce the N/O-O peculiarity by the application of multiple starbursts .
The wide field of view ( ~2sr ) and high duty cycle ( & gt ; 90 % ) of Milagro make it ideal for continuously monitoring the overhead sky for transient Very High Energy ( VHE ) emissions .	This study searched the Milagro data for such emissions .
During the outburst , the Fermi spacecraft , which has an orbital period of 95.4 min , was operated in a special pointing mode to optimize the exposure for 3C 279 .	For the first time , significant flux variability at sub-orbital timescales was found in blazar observations by Fermi-LAT .
A conjecture of Decelle , Krzakala , Moore and Zdeborova , based on ideas from statistical physics , predicted a specific threshold for clustering .	The negative direction of the conjecture was proved by Mossel , Neeman and Sly ( 2012 ) , and more recently the positive direction was proven independently by Massoulie and Mossel , Neeman , and Sly .
These works provide theoretical foundations for type-theoretic proof assistants where functions and predicates are defined by oriented higher-order equations .	This kind of definitions subsumes induction-based definitions , is easier to write and provides more automation .
We exploit the linear structure present within the convolutional filters to derive approximations that significantly reduce the required computation .	Using large state-of-the-art models , we demonstrate we demonstrate speedups of convolutional layers on both CPU and GPU by a factor of 2x , while keeping the accuracy within 1 % of the original model .
The list includes source type , redshift and visual magnitude ( if available ) .	In case of doubt detailed comment is provided .
Using the framework of cosmic X-ray background population synthesis modeling , the model AGN hosts are constrained using optical ( B band ) and near infrared ( J band , 3.6 um , 5.7 um , 8.0 um , and 24 um ) luminosity functions and number counts .	It is found that at z & lt ; 1 , type 1 and type 2 AGN hosts have similar stellar populations , in agreement with the orientation based unified model and indicative of secular evolution .
Based on physical considerations , we make the further crucial assumption that these two parameters are in turn distributed according to a bivariate Gaussian , with its own mean and covariance matrix .	Tests using numerical simulations explicitly show that with this compact description one can correctly model redshift-space distorsions on all scales , fully capturing the overall linear and nonlinear dynamics of the galaxy flow at different separations .
This is the role of the ALMA receivers .	In principle they work like a normal AM receiver , but at much higher frequencies .
) , it is quite plausible that a few of these components do not perform their function as desired .	Their failure/misbehavior puts additional burden on the working components causing them to misbehave , and thus leading to a cascade of failures .
In this paper , a new efficient multi-bit error correcting method for FPGAs is proposed using adaptive cross parity check ( ACPC ) code .	ACPC is easy to implement and the needed decoding circuit is also simple .
Three-dimensional hybrid simulations of the interaction of the solar wind with unmagnetized artificial objects are presented , with a focus on the expansion of a plasma cloud into the solar wind , which creates a diamagnetic cavity and drives the Interplanetary Magnetic Field out of the expansion region .	The dynamics of this system can provide insights into other similar scenarios , such as the interaction of the solar wind with unmagnetized planets .
The main purpose of this work is to obtain a mathematical model consistent with the thermal behavior of concentrating solar cookers , such as Jorhejpataranskua .	We also want to simulate different conditions respect to the parameters involved of several materials for its construction and efficiency .
We measure the variance , skewness , and kurtosis of the evolved density field from simulations with Gaussian and three different non-Gaussian initial conditions : a local model with f_NL=100 , an equilateral model with f_NL=-400 , and an orthogonal model with f_NL=-400 .	We show that the moments of the dark matter density field differ significantly between Gaussian and non-Gaussian models .
The new 3 GHz VLA data has a bandwidth of 2 GHz and to correctly interpret the flux densities imaging was done with two different methods : multi-scale multi-frequency synthesis and spectral windows stacking .	The final resolutions and sensitivities of these maps are 0.7 '' with rms = 4.6 muJy/beam and 0.9 '' with rms = 4.8 muJy/beam respectively .
We have used the MOST ( Microvariability and Oscillations of STars ) microsatellite to obtain four weeks of contiguous high-precision broadband visual photometry of the O7.5III ( n ) ( ( f ) ) star { \xi } Persei in November 2011 .	This star is well known from previous work to show prominent DACs ( Discrete Absorption Components ) on time-scales of about 2 d from UV spectroscopy and NRP ( Non Radial Pulsation ) with one ( l = 3 ) p-mode oscillation with a period of 3.5 h from optical spectroscopy .
Possible extensions of the standard model of elementary particle physics suggest the existence of particles with small , unquantized electric charge .	Photon initiated pair production of millicharged fermions in an external magnetic field would manifest itself as a vacuum magnetic dichroism .
Highly repetitive DNA is particularly rich in homo -- and di -- nucleotide repeats , while middle repetitive DNA is rich of families of interspersed , mobile elements hundreds of base pairs ( bp ) long , among which the Alu families .	A link between homo- and di-polymeric tracts and mobile elements has been recently highlighted .
Let $ \g_1 $ and $ \g_2 $ be two dg Lie algebras , then it is well-known that the $ L_\infty $ morphisms from $ \g_1 $ to $ \g_2 $ are in 1-1 correspondence to the solutions of the Maurer-Cartan equation in some dg Lie algebra $ \Bbbk ( \g_1 , \g_2 ) $ .	Then the gauge action by exponents of the zero degree component $ \Bbbk ( \g_1 , \g_2 ) ^0 $ on $ MC\subset\Bbbk ( \g_1 , \g_2 ) ^1 $ gives an explicit `` homotopy relation '' between two $ L_\infty $ morphisms .
We present a new approach for the analysis of genome-wide expression data .	Our method is designed to overcome the limitations of traditional techniques , when applied to large-scale data .
Thanks to the data accumulated with the last generation of instruments ( BiSON , GONG and three helioseismic instruments aboard SoHO ) , scientists have been able to find signatures of their presence .	However , the individual detection of such modes remains evasive .
We analyze directed , unweighted graphs obtained from $ x_i\in \mathbb { R } ^d $ by connecting vertex $ i $ to $ j $ iff $ |x_i - x_j| & lt ; \epsilon ( x_i ) $ .	Examples of such graphs include $ k $ -nearest neighbor graphs , where $ \epsilon ( x_i ) $ varies from point to point , and , arguably , many real world graphs such as co-purchasing graphs .
We also show that it is possible to encode optical properties of the incident material into the refracted SPP .	These consequences of metal-metal SPP refraction provide new avenues for the design of plasmonics-based devices .
This requires the experimentalist to perform a search in which both the mass and lifetime of the particle are unknown .	Such searches for low-mass particles are complicated by the possible presence of resonances and other non-monotonic backgrounds .
We provide a comprehensive treatment of the basic theory of AWFS -- -drawing on work of previous authors -- -and complete the theory with two main new results .	The first provides a characterisation of AWFS and their morphisms in terms of their double categories of left or right maps .
For the ideal gas with massless particles , the interaction measure is zero .	A nonzero value is probably due to either the interaction or the mass .
This is due to the spatial offset relative HII cloud the stellar group related to him .	It has been found that the condition A ( gas ) = A ( stars ) does not satisfied for the star forming regions , in which : 1 ) the contribution to the total emission of gas in the B and/or V bands is higher than 40 % , and 2 ) EW ( H alpha ) & gt ; 1500A .
We optimize the design of future spectroscopic redshift surveys for constraining the dark energy via precision measurements of the baryon acoustic oscillations ( BAO ) , with particular emphasis on the design of the Wide-Field Multi-Object Spectrograph ( WFMOS ) .	We develop a model that predicts the number density of possible target galaxies as a function of exposure time and redshift .
We investigate whether a correlation exists between the concentration and spin parameters of dark matter haloes forming in LCDM N-body simulations .	In particular , we focus on haloes with virial masses characteristic of the hosts of Low Surface Brightness ( LSB ) and High Surface Brightness ( HSB ) galaxies .
The results found for freezing parameters including structure of the frozen phase for fluids interacting via the inverse power potential u ( r ) = \epsilon ( \sigma/r ) ^ { n } for n ranging from 4 to \infty are in very good agreement with simulation results .	It is found that for n & gt ; 6.5 the fluid freezes into a face centred cubic ( fcc ) structure while for n \leq 6 the body centred cubic ( bcc ) structure is preferred .
Both local information and global information of a 3D mesh model in multi-scale space are fully utilized to detect whether a vertex is a keypoint or not .	SAE can effectively extract the internal structure of these two kinds of information and formulate high-level features for them , which is beneficial to the regression model .
We investigate a noncompact Gepner model , which is composed of a number of SL ( 2 , R ) /U ( 1 ) Kazama-Suzuki models and N=2 minimal models .	The SL ( 2 , R ) /U ( 1 ) Kazama-Suzuki model contains the discrete series among the SL ( 2 , R ) unitary representations as well as the continuous series .
The temperature generated in an IC may vary with floor plan of the chip .	This paper proposes an integration and thermal analysis methodology to extract the peak temperature and temperature distribution of 2-dimensional and 3-dimensional multiprocessor system-on-chip .
We study the problem of preparing an arbitrary state in the Hilbert space from an initial fiducial state .	We prove that inhomogeneous control of qudit ensembles is possible based on a semi-analytic protocol that synthesizes the target through a sequence of alternating rf and microwave-driven SU ( 2 ) rotations in overlapping irreducible subspaces .
We analyze all M and X-class flares observed with GOES and AIA/SDO during the first two years of the SDO mission , amounting to 155 events .	We find that most flares operate in the sub-diffusive regime ( $ \beta=0.53\pm0.27 $ ) , which we interpret in terms of anisotropic chain reactions of intermittent magnetic reconnection episodes in a low plasma- $ \beta $ corona .
The energy associated with the non-helical magnetic field rapidly decays by turbulent diffusion , but the decay rate of the helical component depends on whether the ratio of its magnetic energy to the turbulent kinetic energy exceeds a critical value given by M_ { 1 , c } = ( k_1/k_2 ) ^2 , where k_1 and k_2 are the wave numbers of the large and forcing scales .	Turbulently diffusing helical fields to small scales while conserving magnetic helicity requires a rapid increase in total magnetic energy .
As a corollary , we give that any biharmonic properly immersed submanifold in a hyperbolic space is minimal .	These results give affirmative partial answers to the global version of generalized Chen 's conjecture .
A fundamental problem in computational geometry is to compute an obstacle-avoiding Euclidean shortest path between two points in the plane .	The case of this problem on polygonal obstacles is well studied .
The Higgs branch , whose metric is inversely proportional to the total area of the Riemann surface , is discussed in detail .	We show that the zero-area limit , which gives us a genuine 4d theory , can involve a Wigner-Inonu contraction of global symmetries of the six-dimensional theory .
In many cases , unconventional superconductivity are realized by suppressing another order parameter , such as charge density wave ( CDW ) or spin density wave ( SDW ) .	This suggests that the fluctuations of these order parameters play an important role in producing superconductivity .
WebPages may be retrieved from a local computer or from a remote HTTP Server .	WebPages are requested and served from HTTP Servers using Hypertext Transfer Protocol ( HTTP ) .
Cyclic codes are an interesting type of linear codes and have wide applications in communication and storage systems .	In this paper , we investigate the RGHWs of cyclic codes with two nonzeros respect to any of its irreducible cyclic subcodes .
Given Banach spaces E and F , we denote by $ { \mathcal P } ( ^k ! E , F ) $ the space of all k-homogeneous ( continuous ) polynomials from E into F , and by $ { \mathcal P } _ { wb } ( ^k ! E , F ) $ the subspace of polynomials which are weak-to-norm continuous on bounded sets .	It is shown that if E has an unconditional finite dimensional expansion of the identity , the following assertions are equivalent : ( a ) $ { \mathcal P } ( ^k ! E , F ) = { \mathcal P } _ { wb } ( ^k ! E , F ) $ ; ( b ) $ { \mathcal P } _ { wb } ( ^k ! E , F ) $ contains no copy of $ c_0 $ ; ( c ) $ { \mathcal P } ( ^k ! E , F ) $ contains no copy of $ \ell_\infty $ ; ( d ) $ { \mathcal P } _ { wb } ( ^k ! E , F ) $ is complemented in $ { \mathcal P } ( ^k ! E , F ) $ .
Moreover , the formation of glassy phase as well as amorphous layer , which are present in almost all the grain edges and boundaries in pure samples , are suppressed by Ag addition .	The improvement of superconducting properties in Ag-added samples may originate from the enlargement of grains as well as better connections between grains
The anisotropic cases are formulated with two independent renormalization group transformations .	The description of the isotropic behavior requires only one type of renormalization group transformation .
E 85 , 010901 ( 2012 ) ) , which suggested that the critical behaviour of the model differs from the expected Directed Percolation ( DP ) universality class .	Surprisingly , only some of the critical exponents ( beta , alpha , nu_perp , and z ) take non-DP values while some others ( beta ' , nu_|| , and spreading-dynamics exponents Theta , delta , z ' ) remain very close to their DP counterparts .
Recently it was shown that global scaling relationships for net primary productivity are correlated with local meteorology and the overall biomass density within a forest .	Along with previous efforts , this highlights the connection between widely observed allometric relationships and predictive ecology .
The problem of motif detection can be formulated as the construction of a discriminant function to separate sequences of a specific pattern from background .	In computational biology , motif detection is used to predict DNA binding sites of a transcription factor ( TF ) , mostly based on the weight matrix ( WM ) model or the Gibbs free energy ( FE ) model .
Two parameters determine the model : the disk-scale Mach number M_h ( which sets the shape of the CMF ) , and the absolute velocity ( to assign an absolute scale ) .	For 'normal ' variation in disk properties and core gas temperatures in the MW and local galaxies , there is almost no variation in the predicted high-mass behavior of the CMF/IMF .
It is shown that the degeneracy arising from permutational symmetry facilitates the correction of certain types of two-bit errors .	The correction of two-bit errors of the same type is considered in detail , but is shown not to be compatible with single-bit error correction using 9-bit codes .
The goal of this paper is to develop and analyze some fully discrete finite element methods for a displacement-pressure model modeling swelling dynamics of polymer gels under mechanical constraints .	In the model , the swelling dynamics is governed by the solvent permeation and the elastic interaction ; the permeation is described by a pressure equation for the solvent , and the elastic interaction is described by displacement equations for the solid network of the gel .
By means of the recently developed algorithm based on the tensor product states , the magnetization process of frustrated spin-1/2 spin-dimer models on a square lattice is investigated .	Various field-induced quantum phases are discovered .
We construct a symmetric solenoidal extension of the boundary value satisfying the Leray-Hopf inequality .	After having such an extension , the nonhomogeneous boundary value problem is reduced to homogeneous one and the existence of at least one weak solution follows .
We argue that this regime is far from current capabilities .	Other procedures require being even closer to the continuum limit , or fail altogether , because of unphysical discontinuities in the measure .
In this article , we present our approach to complement this default calibration scheme , to perform the final steps of data reduction , and to produce fully calibrated AMBER data products .	These additional steps include : an overnight view of the data structure and data quality , the production of night transfer functions from the calibration stars observed during the night , the correction of additional effects not taken into account in the standard AMBER data reduction software such as the so-called `` jitter '' effect and the visibility spectral coherence loss , and finally , the production of fully calibrated data products .
Roughly speaking , a nilpotent pair ( e_1 , e_2 ) consists of two commuting elements in \g that can independently be contracted to the origin .	A principal nilpotent pair is a double counterpart of a regular nilpotent element .
We develop a discrete analogue of Hamilton-Jacobi theory in the framework of discrete Hamiltonian mechanics .	The resulting discrete Hamilton-Jacobi equation is discrete only in time .
Spectroscopically measured radial velocities of ~450 emission knots within the remnant show two distinct kinematic populations of optical knots : a high-velocity group with radial velocities in the range of 700 - 1100 km/s and a lower velocity group exhibiting radial expansion velocities below ~250 km/s .	We interpret the high-velocity knots as ejecta from the SN explosion and the low-velocity knots as shocked circumstellar material likely resulting from pre-SN mass loss .
We study accelerating dynamics from Born-Infeld- $ f ( R ) $ gravity in a simplified conformal approach without matter .	In our work ( A.N .
This `` general tetrad field '' is then applied to the regularized field equations of $ f ( T ) $ .	We show that the effect of the arbitrary function which is involved in the LLT invariably disappears .
Models are constructed using single and double Maxwell-Boltzmann distributions as well as kappa-distributions for the energies of the free electrons .	New results for the necessary continuum and line emission coefficients are presented calculated with kappa-distributed energies .
Combined with our corrected results for the baryon asymmetry these constraints imply that the phase in the chargino mass matrix must violate CP nearly maximally in order to generate a large enough baryon asymmetry .	A number of other typographical errors are also corrected .
First , we calculate the conserved and thermodynamic quantities of ( $ n+1 $ ) -dimensional asymptotically flat solutions and show that they satisfy the first law of thermodynamics .	Also , we investigate the stability of these solutions in the ( grand ) canonical ensemble .
Our simulations show that the interfacial strength saturates at the bulk shear strength much before polymers diffuse by their radius of gyration .	Along with the strength increase , the dominant failure mode changes from chain pullout at the interface to chain scission as in the bulk .
It is therefore mandatory to develop new methods to extract particle masses at finite temperature .	The Maximum Entropy method offers a path to obtain the spectral function of a particle correlation function directly .
Horns are correlated extensions of prominence plasma and coronal plasma which appear to connect the prominence and cavity .	The TNE model predicts that large-scale brightenings will occur in the SDO/AIA 171\AA\ bandpass near the prominence that are associated with the cooling phase of condensation formation .
We say that a subgroup $ H $ of $ G $ is : ( i ) \emph { uniformly controllable } in $ G $ provided that for every finite set $ J\subseteq I $ there exists a finite set $ K\subseteq I $ such that $ p_ { J } ( H ) =p_ { J } ( H\cap\bigoplus_ { i\in K } G_i ) $ ; ( ii ) \emph { controllable } in $ G $ provided that $ p_ { J } ( H ) =p_ { J } ( H\cap\bigoplus_ { i\in I } G_i ) $ for every finite set $ J\subseteq I $ ; ( iii ) \emph { weakly controllable } in $ G $ if $ H\cap \bigoplus_ { i\in I } G_i $ is dense in $ H $ , when $ G $ is equipped with the Tychonoff product topology .	One easily proves that ( i ) $ \to $ ( ii ) $ \to $ ( iii ) .
We have investigated various non-cosmological contamination and additionally WMAP team 's simulated data .	However , we have not found a definite cause .
We prove existence of small amplitude , $ 2\pi \slash \om $ -periodic in time solutions of completely resonant nonlinear wave equations with Dirichlet boundary conditions , for any frequency $ \om $ belonging to a Cantor-like set of positive measure and for a new set of nonlinearities .	The proof relies on a suitable Lyapunov-Schmidt decomposition and a variant of the Nash-Moser Implicit Function Theorem .
We analyze some 2^ { 20 } models , identifying 18 inequivalent classes and addressing variants generated by discrete torsions .	They do not contain geometrical or trivial neutral moduli , apart from the dilaton .
We present a first-principles investigation of structural and elastic properties of experimentally observed phases of bulk SrRuO3 - namely orthorhombic , tetragonal , and cubic - by applying density functional theory ( DFT ) approximations .	At first , we focus our attention on the accuracy of calculated lattice constants in order to find out DFT approaches that best represent the crystalline structure of SrRuO3 , since many important physical quantities crucially depend on change in volume .
The DSL governs geodesics in the space of positive graph Lagrangians in $ \mathbb { C } ^n. $ Existence of geodesics in the space of positive Lagrangians is an important step in a program for proving existence and uniqueness of special Lagrangians .	Moreover , it would imply certain cases of the strong Arnold conjecture from Hamiltonian dynamics .
Comparing the resulting mass distribution with a standard one , we derive a new electron density profile .	For a spherically symmetric cluster model , this new profile can be written as the product of a standard ( $ \beta $ - ) profile and a radius dependent function , close to unity , which takes into account the magnetic field strength .
These stringy excitations of the graviton are not contained in the supergravity approximation , but we show that the jet stopping problem can nonetheless still be solved by drawing on various string-theory methods ( the eikonal approximation , the Penrose limit , string quantization in pp-wave backgrounds ) to obtain a probability distribution for the late-time classical string loops .	In extreme cases , we find that the gravitons are stretched into very long folded strings which are qualitatively similar to the folded classical strings originally used by Gubser , Gulotta , Pufu and Rocha to model the jet stopping problem .
We consider the average probability X of being informed on a gossip in a given social network .	The network is modeled within the random graph theory of Erdos and Renyi .
We find rational models of curves with a given arithmetic structure for the ramification divisor and we give necessary and sufficient conditions for two models of the same type to be k-isomorphic .	As a consequence , we obtain an explicit formula for the number of k-isomorphism classes of curves of genus two over a finite field .
For $ r_s \to 0 $ , our solutions approach pure spin-density waves , whereas the commensurate Wigner crystal is favored at lower densities , $ r_s & gt ; 3.4 $ .	Decreasing the density , the system undergoes several structural phase transitions with different lattice symmetries .
The high energy behaviour of the fermions hitting the wall is determined either by the leading singularity , i.e.the closest pole to the real axis , when the profile function is analytic , or by the first non-continuous derivative on the real axis , in the non-analytic case .	CP-violating wall profiles are studied and it is shown that the respective symmetry properties of the CP-conserving and CP-violating profile functions plays an important role on the size of the CP asymmetry .
We propose almost blank resource block ( ABRB ) for interference control in HetNet .	When an ABRB is scheduled in a macro BS , a resource block ( RB ) with blank payload is transmitted and this eliminates the interference from this macro BS to the pico BSs .
The FIR data is from very deep Herschel observations in the GOODS fields that allow us to detect galaxies with SFRs typical of galaxies with log ( M ) & gt ; 9.3 .	Thus , we are able to study galaxies on and even below the main SFR-stellar mass relation ( main sequence ) .
Observations and AGB models have advanced steadily in the following decades providing us with an almost complete view of the AGB stars in the Magellanic Clouds .	Their properties are tracers of structure and chemistry across galaxies .
We perform an extensive study of FCNC and CP Violation within Supersymmetric ( SUSY ) theories with particular emphasis put on processes governed by b- & gt ; s transitions and of their correlations with processes governed by b- & gt ; d transitions , s- & gt ; d transitions , $ D^0-\bar D^0 $ oscillations , lepton flavour violating decays , electric dipole moments and ( g-2 ) _mu .	We first perform a comprehensive model-independent analysis of Delta F=2 observables and we emphasize the usefulness of the R_b-gamma plane in exhibiting transparently various tensions in the present UT analyses .
Accretion onto a black hole , in particular , is also the most efficient mechanism known in nature , converting up to 40 % of accreting rest mass energy into spectacular forms such as high-energy ( X-ray and gamma-ray ) emission and relativistic jets .	Whilst magnetic fields are thought to be ultimately responsible for these phenomena , our understanding of the microphysics of MHD turbulence in accretion flows as well as large-scale MHD outflows remains far from complete .
It has been rigourously proved that the motion of a vortex in the associated velocity field can induce chaos in these trajectories , and numerical studies have explored the rich variety of behaviors that due to their influence can be observed .	In this paper , we go one step further and show how the theory of dynamical systems can be used to construct a general and systematic classification of such dynamical behaviors .
Under the standard hypotheses of coercivity of the existence theory , the conditions imply that the optimal controls are essentially bounded , assuring the applicability of the classical necessary optimality conditions like the Pontryagin maximum principle .	The result extends previous Lipschitzian regularity results to cover optimal control problems with general nonlinear dynamics .
Symmetry term coefficients , deduced within the statistical description of isotopic scaling , are near gamma = 25 MeV for peripheral and gamma & lt ; 15 MeV for central collisions .	In a very recent experiment with the ALADIN spectrometer , the possibility of using secondary beams for reaction studies at relativistic energies has been explored .
Quantum geometry here is to be understood as a quantum deformed version of rigid special geometry , which has its origin in the quantum mechanical behaviour of branes in the topological string B-model .	We will argue that , in the Seiberg-Witten picture , only the Coulomb parameters lead to quantum corrections , while the mass parameters remain uncorrected .
Close to the transition between quiescent state and sustained oscillations in the system we observe large fluctuations between different replicas induced by variations in the local density of passive cells around an excitable cell .	We demonstrate that the disorder-induced fluctuations can be described in terms of a simple scaling relation which involves the strength of coupling between excitable cells , the mean passive cell density , as well as the logarithm of the system size .
We discuss methods to account for data truncation in E_p and fluence or flux when performing the correlation analyses .	However , because bursts near the detector threshold are not usually able to provide reliable spectral parameters , we focus on results for the brightest bursts in which we can better understand the selection effects relevant to E_p and burst strength .
CV quantum eraser restores the coherence of the signal quantum state by erasing the signal information leaking to another system , where the information leaking is induced by the QND interaction .	We employ a homodyne measurement for erasing of the information .
Suspensions of motile cells are model systems for understanding the unique mechanical properties of living materials which often consist of ensembles of self-propelled particles .	We present here a quantitative comparison of theory against experiment for the rheology of such suspensions .
Furthermore , variability can be used as a tool to uncover new cluster members in star formation regions .	We hope to achieve the deepest near-IR variability study of YSOs targeting the Rho Ophiuchi cluster .
Bayesian belief networks can be used to represent and to reason about complex systems with uncertain , incomplete and conflicting information .	Belief networks are graphs encoding and quantifying probabilistic dependence and conditional independence among variables .
This paper presents a process that allows to systematically derive a textual domainspecific transformation language from the grammar of a given textual modeling language .	As example , we apply this systematic derivation to UML class diagrams to obtain a domain-specific transformation language called CDTrans .
We present direct numerical simulations of the different two-dimensional flow regimes generated by a constant spatially periodic forcing balanced by viscous dissipation and large scale drag with a dimensionless damping rate $ 1/Rh $ .	The linear response to the forcing is a $ 6\times6 $ square array of counter-rotating vortices , which is stable when the Reynolds number $ Re $ or $ Rh $ are small .
The idea about a quantum nature of Planck 's blackbody radiation law is deeply rooted in minds of most physicists .	Einstein 's work , in which the coefficients of spontaneous and induced emission were introduced , has always been regarded as a proof that quantum energy discreteness of an atom plays a crucial role in the derivation of this law .
The basic assumption of their interpretation is that the spatially limited blobs or mounds of the mass \delta m ~ 10^ { -3 } M_sun , are present at the magnetic poles of the white dwarf .	We show that the mounds of this mass can be confined by the magnetic field of the white dwarf only if the dipole magnetic moment of the star exceeds 4x10^ { 37 } G cm^3 .
This is a set of lecture notes based on the lectures on the formation and evolution of galaxies which were given by S. White at Les Houches in August 1993 .	This postscript file does not contain the 16 figures .
Furthermore , the infinitely divisible Wishart distributions are revealed as suitable transformations and embeddings of one dimensional gamma distributions .	This note completes the findings of L\'evy ( 1937 ) concerning infinite divisibility and Gindikin ( 1975 ) regarding the existence issue .
Expanding on some recent results , we show that not all rotating gravastars are unstable .	Rather , stable models can be constructed also with J/M^2 ~ 1 , where J and M are the angular momentum and mass of the gravastar , respectively .
Examples include hyperbolic 3-manifolds of every possible homological type .	We show that all such foliations admit transverse pseudo-Anosov flows , and that in the universal cover of the hyperbolic cases , the leaves limit to sphere-filling Peano curves .
Although the emissivities for the scalar mode is larger than those for the vector mode when $ n $ is small , the emissivities for the vector mode photon become dominant rapidly with increasing $ n $ .	For the case of the brane emission the emission spectra are numerically computed by making use of the complex potential method .
We demonstrate the existence of the intermediate superfluid state where the condensate and localized bosons present simultaneously .	We find that interactions suppress localization and that with the increase of the boson density the system experiences a sharp delocalization crossover into a state where all bosons are delocalized .
The small subset of pulsars that emit at X-ray to gamma-ray wavelengths are critical to refining the pulsar paradigm since this energy band ( i ) is where the vast majority of radiative luminosity is observed , and ( ii ) is intimately connected to the pair winds that form the dominant mode of energy deposition in the circum-pulsar environment .	The most crucial point of contention pertaining to the high energy astrophysics of pulsars is the location of the acceleration region in their magnetospheres : is an outer gap model or a polar cap scenario ( or both ) the most appropriate picture .
Due to scalar contributions the superconducting phase transition turned out to be first order rather than second order as in standard BCS theory .	Here we consider the effects of an external magnetic field and spatial fluctuations of the gap in that model .
The evanescent waves named as EW1 , EW2 , EW3 are described in 3 respective experimental setups : 1 ) total internal reflection ; 2 ) scattering on an inhomogeneous planar target ; and 3 ) propagation along a waveguide .	Some interactions are considered between EW2 and the environment .
We present results of three dimensional simulations of the uppermost part of the sun , at 3 stages of its evolution .	Each model includes physically realistic radiative-hydrodynamics ( the Eddington approximation is used in the optically thin region ) , varying opacities and a realistic equation of state ( full treatment of the ionization of H and He ) .
In the course of a large intervening MgII survey of 25 quasars , the CIV emission lines of six ( three radio-loud and three radio-quiet ) were observed serendipitously .	In four of these six quasars , we detected associated narrow absorption lines .
Finally , we present the improved sequential search procedure that is used inside each partition .	We also perform an experimental evaluation of the different algorithms , where we study the influence of the parameters and compare the result of our algorithms to existing state of the art .
More generally , the observations will enable testing general relativity in the strong , nonlinear regime and will provide independent cosmological measurements to high precision .	Understanding the conditions under which coincidences of EM and GW signatures arise during supermassive black hole mergers is therefore of paramount importance .
Three interesting non-singular metrics are generated .	Two of these may be described as `` rotating magnetic universes '' and the third as an `` evolving magnetic universe . ''
At 6.3 PeV electron-antineutrino energy their annihilation on electrons in the IceCube detector is enhanced by the Glashow resonance ( the W-boson ) whose decays can give the PeV showers observed in the IceCube detector .	The two observed showers with ~1 PeV energies would need to be from W leptonic decays to electrons and taus .
An operator which gives the correspondence between the amino-acids and the codons is now obtained for any known genetic code .	The free energy released by base pairing of dinucleotides as well as the relative hydrophilicity and hydrophobicity of the dinucleosides are also computed .
We use weak gravitational lensing to measure the masses of five galaxy clusters selected from the South Pole Telescope ( SPT ) survey , with the primary goal of comparing these with the SPT Sunyaev -- Zel'dovich ( SZ ) and X-ray based mass estimates .	The clusters span redshifts 0.28 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.43 and have masses M_500 & gt ; 2 x 10^14 h^-1 M_sun , and three of the five clusters were discovered by the SPT survey .
We explore how this issue can be fixed by describing the classical analogue of this problem .	We consider correlated probability distributions , whose subsequent system dynamics is ill-described by stochastic maps , and prescribe the correct way to describe the dynamics .
The presence of dissipation , crucial to this behavior , arises naturally in a black hole background from the ingoing conditions imposed at the horizon .	AdS/CFT translates our solution to a chaotic response of the operator dual to the scalar field .
The Lagrangian or the action describing the corresponding interactions is invariant under certain gauge transformations .	This symmetry is reflected in terms of the Ward-Green-Takahashi ( or the Slavnov-Taylor ) identities which relate various Green functions among each other , and the Landau-Khalatnikov-Fradkin transformations which relate a Green function in a particular gauge to it in an arbitrary covariant one .
However the recovered direction is biased by the underlying distribution of data points on the sky .	We estimate both the uncertainty and bias in the direction by creating mock data containing a randomly oriented bulk flow and using our method to reconstruct its direction .
Here , we combine Fluorescence Correlation Spectroscopy ( FCS ) and a microfluidic shear cell to monitor real-time kinetics of full-length VWF proteolysis as a function of shear stress .	For comparison , we also measure the Michaelis-Menten kinetics of ADAMTS13 cleavage of wild-type VWF in the absence of shear but partially denaturing conditions .
Every minimal surface isometrically embedded in $ \mathbb { R } ^3 $ is a Ricci surface of non-positive curvature .	At the end of the 19th century Ricci-Curbastro has proved that conversely , every point $ x $ of a Ricci surface has a neighborhood which embeds isometrically in $ \mathbb { R } ^3 $ as a minimal surface , provided $ K ( x ) & lt ; 0 $ .
This model is used to explain , within a standard $ \Lambda $ CDM cosmogony , the observed X-ray properties of nearby relaxed , non-cooling flow groups and clusters of galaxies .	We find that our preferred solution to the equilibrium equations produces scaling relations in excellent agreement with observations , while simultaneously accounting for the typical structural characteristics of the distribution of the diffuse baryons .
This information is considered harmless and reading it requires no user permission or notification .	We show that by simply reading the phone 's aggregate power consumption over a period of a few minutes an application can learn information about the user 's location .
Surprisingly , the 0.5-2 keV source surface densities ( ~900-1200 sources deg**-2 at a flux limit of 1.5x10**-15 erg cm**-2s**-1 ) measured in an ~8'x8 ' area surrounding each cluster exceed by a factor of ~2 the value expected on the basis of the ROSAT and Chandra logN-logS , with a significance of ~2 sigma each , or ~3.5 sigma when the 2 fields are combined ( i.e.a probability to be a statistical fluctuation of & lt ; 1 % and & lt ; 0.04 % , respectively ) .	The same analysis performed on the non-cluster fields and on the outer chips of the cluster fields does NOT show evidence of such an excess .
This paper addresses , a formal testing based on stochastic refusals graphs ( SRG ) in order to test stochastic system represented by maximality-based labeled stochastic transition systems ( MLSTS ) .	First , we propose a framework to generate SRGs from MLSTSs .
Classical correlation can be locked via quantum means -- quantum data locking .	With a short secret key , one can lock an exponentially large amount of information , in order to make it inaccessible to unauthorized users without the key .
We determine the structure and representation theory of these groups .	In doing so we relate work of Mumford , Mukai , and Umemura .
An alternative scale invariant paradigm is proposed , in which the appropriate scale for General Relativity takes the Universe as its baseline , and the gravitational force does not have any fixed relationship to forces that apply on the atomic scale .	It is shown that this gives rise to a quasi-static universe , and that the predicted behaviour of this model can resolve most of the problems associated with the standard Big Bang model .
For the case of Rashba-like spin-orbit coupling , besides the rung singlet phases two distinct striped ferromagnetic phases are formed .	In case of attractive fermions with spin-orbit coupling at half-filling for decoupled chains we identify a dimerized state that separates a singlet superconductor and a ferromagnetic states .
We establish that the optimal baseline for CPV studies depends strongly on the value of Delta m^2_14 -- the new mass-squared difference -- and that the ability to observe CPV depends significantly on whether the experiment is performed at the optimal baseline .	Even at the optimal baseline , it is very challenging to see CPV in 3+1 scenarios if one considers only one appearance channel .
We propose the procedure for constructing the T-dual theory , performing T-duality transformations along coordinates on which the Kalb-Ramond field depends .	The obtained theory is defined in the non-geometric double space , described by the Lagrange multiplier $ y_\mu $ and its $ T $ -dual $ \tilde { y } _\mu $ .
Here the Riemannian structure is hyperbolic and a transitive group action comes from the space of $ 2\times2 $ real matrices of determinant one via M\ '' { o } bius transformations .	Our approach is based on a deconvolution technique which relies on the Helgason -- Fourier calculus adapted to this hyperbolic space .
The brightness of the progenitor in the B band was 14.3 mag .	It was a periodic variable star , its most probable period being 0.650654+/-0.000011 day .
In five events zebra structure , various fiber bursts and fast pulsations were observed .	Events on 15 and 24 February 2011 are of the greatest interest .
In this paper , we investigate key properties of the magnetic field in these two layers using more than five years of VSM data .	We find from near-equatorial measurements that the east-west inclination angle of most photospheric fields is less than about 12 { \deg } , while chromospheric fields expand in all directions to a significant degree .
The clustering amplitude is found to be similar to the auto-correlation function of DEEP2 galaxies , with a relative bias of b=0.89 +/-0.24 between quasars and DEEP2 galaxies at z~1 .	No significant dependence is found on scale , quasar luminosity , or redshift over the ranges we probe here .
The latter phenomenon is interpreted as a genuine quantum group effect with no `` classical '' analog .	The discussion of conformal properties is given .
In this paper we focus on the static quark-antiquark potential , the screening of chromoelectric charges induced by the dynamical flavors , the flux tube breaking and the mass spectrum of the first mesonic excitations .	Moreover , we discuss the occurrence of quantum phase transitions in the connected part of the static quark-antiquark potential .
The main ingredients entering the model are the elastic stiffness constants of the material and a dimensionless periodic function that restores the translation invariance of the crystal and influences the Peierls stress .	Explicit expressions are given for crystals with cubic symmetry : sc , fcc and bcc .
To account for this extrinsic variability , Markovian models in random environments need to be considered and a key emerging question is how to perform inference for such models .	We model extrinsic variability by a random parametrization of all propensity functions .
To better understand the nature of co-variability in neural circuits and their impact on cortical information processing , we need statistical models that are able to capture multiple sources of variability on different time-scales .	Here , we introduce a hierarchical statistical model of neural population activity which models both neural population dynamics as well as inter-trial modulations in firing rates .
We describe how radial quantization leads to a quasi-chiral factorization of the space of fields .	The conserved charges which generate the affine Lie algebra split into two independent affine algebras on this factorized space , each with level 1 , in the anti-periodic sector .
The number of observable gravitational wave sources scales as the product of the volume of space to which the detector is sensitive and the observation time , so the goal of commissioning is to improve the detector sensitivity with the least possible detector down time .	We demonstrate a method for increasing the number of sources observable by such a detector , by assessing the severity of non-astrophysical noise contaminations to efficiently guide commissioning .
Thanks to wide field imagers , nearby galaxies with diameter of dozens of arcmin can be effectively surveyed .	We obtain , from the CFHT archives , a series of i ' and g ' MegaCam images of IC 1613 in order to determine the stellar surface density of the field and determine the shape of its spheroid .
By parameterising the mass profile using a `` generalised '' Navarro , Frenk & amp ; White profile in which the central logarithmic slope $ \alpha $ is allowed to vary while preserving the $ r^ { -3 } $ asymptotic form at large radii , we obtain preferred central slopes for haloes in each of our models .	There is a strong correlation between $ \alpha $ and $ n $ , such that $ \alpha $ becomes shallower as $ n $ becomes steeper .
We seek to derive the probability -- expressed in terms of the Hilbert-Schmidt ( Euclidean or flat ) metric -- that a generic ( nine-dimensional ) real two-qubit system is separable , by implementing the well-known Peres-Horodecki test on the partial transposes ( PT 's ) of the associated 4 x 4 density matrices ) .	But the full implementation of the test -- requiring that the determinant of the PT be nonnegative for separability to hold -- appears to be , at least presently , computationally intractable .
The data show a Higgs and a confined phase separated by a well-defined phase boundary , which is argued to be caused by proliferating vortices .	For fixed gauge coupling , the phase boundary consists of a line of first-order phase transitions at small Higgs self-coupling , ending at a critical point .
We give a complete description of the topological spaces $ X $ such that the free abelian topological group $ A ( X ) $ embeds into the free abelian topological group $ A ( I ) $ of the closed unit interval .	In particular , the free abelian topological group $ A ( X ) $ of any finite-dimensional compact metrizable space $ X $ embeds into $ A ( I ) $ .
This is however characterised by significant changes of both the $ \bar { \xi_n } $ and $ S_n $ 's values and their scale dependence with respect to General Relativity gravity ( GR ) .	In addition , we measure a significant increase of the non linear $ \sigma_8 $ parameter reaching $ 14 , 5 $ and 0.5 % in excess of the GR value for the three flavours of our $ f ( R ) $ models .
We carry out numerical simulations on fourteen ensembles of gauge-field configurations generated with 2+1 flavors of asqtad-improved staggered sea quarks .	The ensembles encompass a wide range of lattice spacings ( approximately 0.045 to 0.12 fm ) and ratios of light ( up and down ) to strange sea-quark masses ranging from 0.05 to 0.4 .
These models are often used because they are practical and interpretable .	In this paper , we introduce an off-the-shelf tool to create scoring systems that both accurate and interpretable , known as a Supersparse Linear Integer Model ( SLIM ) .
In particular we calculate the running of the gravitational and cosmological constants .	The flow of these couplings shows that there exist both Gaussian and nontrivial fixed points in the theory , thus confirming that the theory is asymptotically safe .
The special cases of those models were used to diagonalize the s-d exchange model\cite { W , A , FW1 } .	New vertex operators are constructed from the level one vertex operators by the fusion procedure and have the description by bosons .
In particular , we introduce a new model , which we call credit distribution , that directly leverages available propagation traces to learn how influence flows in the network and uses this to estimate expected influence spread .	Our approach also learns the different levels of influenceability of users , and it is time-aware in the sense that it takes the temporal nature of influence into account .
We show that in the presence of a cosmological term in the action , it is possible to have a real scalar field in the region outside the event horizon .	The solutions are characterized by a single integration constant , the scalar field vanishes at the horizon and it contributes to the effective cosmological constant at infinity .
The inverse approach to deduce a structure for a predefined property would be highly desirable , but is , unfortunately , not well-defined .	However , feasible strategies for such an inverse design process may be successfully developed for specific purposes .
Let ( F_n ) be a sequence of ( multivalued ) meromorphic maps between compact Kaehler manifolds X1 and X2 .	We study the asymptotic distribution of preimages of points by F_n and the asymptotic distribution of fixed points for multivalued self-maps of a compact Riemann surface .
A small magnetic field perpendicular the 2D layer breaks the time reversal symmetry and thereby , suppresses the edge state transport .	A linear magnetoresistance is observed in low magnetic fields , when the chemical potential moves through the the bulk gap .
We consider lattice Universes with spatial topologies $ T\times T\times T $ , $ \ ; T\times T\times R\ ; $ and $ \ ; T\times R\times R $ .	In the Newtonian limit of General Relativity , we solve the Poisson equation for the gravitational potential in the enumerated models .
The derived protocluster mass function is consistent with the stellar IMF .	Hence , fragmentation of the initial massive cores may determine the IMF and the masses of the final stars .
Here we show that a Moon-forming event at 40 Myr after condensation , or earlier , is ruled out at a 99.9 per cent confidence level .	We use a large number of N-body simulations to demonstrate a relationship between the time of the last giant impact on an Earth-like planet and the amount of mass subsequently added during the era known as Late Accretion .
By a Wigner-function calculation , we evaluate the trace of a certain Gaussian operator arising in the theory of a boson system subject to both finite temperature and ( weak ) interaction .	Thereby we rederive ( and generalize ) a recent result by Kocharovsky , Kocharovsky , and Scully [ Phys.Rev.A , vol.61 , art .
As a consequence , we generalize results of Tymoczko asserting that Hessenberg varieties for regular nilpotent and arbitrary elements of \mathfrak { gl } _n ( \C ) are paved by affines .	For example , our results prove that any Hessenberg variety corresponding to a regular element is paved by affines .
From Stern data set ( 12 points ) , we have obtained the bounds of the arbitrary parameters by minimizing the $ \chi^ { 2 } $ test .	The best-fit values of the parameters are obtained by 66 % , 90 % and 99 % confidence levels .
Using optical , GALEX UV and XMM-Newton data we derive the spectral energy distribution ( SED ) from the optical/UV to X-ray regime of a sizeable sample of AGN .	The principal motivation is to investigate the relationship between the optical/UV emission and the X-ray emission and provide bolometric corrections to the hard X-ray ( 2-10 keV ) energy range , kbol , the latter being a fundamental parameter in current physical cosmology .
The excitation functions of capture , complete fusion , and evaporation residue formation in the $ ^ { 16 } $ O+ $ ^ { 184 } $ W and $ ^ { 19 } $ F+ $ ^ { 181 } $ Ta reactions leading to the same $ ^ { 200 } $ Pb compound nucleus has been studied theoretically to explain the experimental data showing more intense yield of evaporation residue in the former reaction in comparison with that in the latter reaction .	The observed difference is explained by large capture cross section in the former and by increase of the quasifission contribution to the yield of fission-like fragments in the $ ^ { 19 } $ F+ $ ^ { 181 } $ Ta reaction at large excitation energies .
The 129GHz fringes on maser sources represent the highest frequency spectral line VLBI detections to date .	The AGN 3C279 was detected on long baselines at both 129GHz ( and at 147GHz , see Krichbaum et al in these proceedings ) yielding fringe spacings of 50-56 micro arc seconds , an angular resolution record .
This circumvents case-by-case conjectures to be made in a wealth of examples found so far .	In the 2d side , we successfully generate the super-Virasoro algebra and the proper screening charge in the q - & gt ; -1 , t - & gt ; -1 limit , from the defining relation of the q-Virasoro algebra and the q-deformed Heisenberg algebra .
In this paper , we investigate numerically the bifurcation mechanisms at work in the incompressible Keplerian magnetorotational dynamo problem in the shearing box framework .	Using numerical techniques imported from dynamical systems research , we show that the onset of chaotic dynamo action at magnetic Prandtl numbers larger than unity is primarily associated with global homoclinic and heteroclinic bifurcations of nonlinear magnetorotational dynamo cycles .
Its evolution is affected by the density stratification in the galactic disk .	After the size reaches 2 -- 3 times the density scale-height , the superbubble expands preferentially in the $ z $ -direction .
It is now well understood that when the underlying distribution is Gaussian , the columns of the precision matrix can be estimated independently form one another by solving linear regression problems under sparsity constraints .	This approach leads to a computationally efficient strategy for estimating the precision matrix that starts by estimating the regression vectors , then estimates the diagonal entries of the precision matrix and , in a final step , combines these estimators for getting estimators of the off-diagonal entries .
We study in detail the influence of heavy thresholds on \alpha_s ( Q ) evolution .	First , we consruct the `` exact '' explicit solution to the mass-dependent two-loop RG equation for the running \alpha_s ( Q ) .
We investigate the question of computational resources ( such as stacks and counters ) necessary to perform radix conversions .	To this end it is shown that no PDA can compute the significand of the best $ n $ -digit floating point approximation of a power of an incommensurable radix .
To get an overview of how an image is composed of local multiple-scale elongated structures we construct a multiple scale orientation score , which is a continuous wavelet transform on the similitude group , SIM ( 2 ) .	Our unitary transform maps the space of images onto a reproducing kernel space defined on SIM ( 2 ) , allowing us to robustly relate Euclidean ( and scaling ) invariant operators on images to left-invariant operators on the corresponding continuous wavelet transform .
We study various specific models , like a deformed AKLT [ 1 ] , an Ising-type [ 2 ] , and Kitaev 's toric code [ 3 ] , both in finite ladders and infinite square lattices .	In the latter case , some of those models display quantum phase transitions .
We study the evolution of the shocked stellar and pulsar winds on scales in which the orbital motion is important .	Potential sites of non-thermal activity are investigated .
On the one hand , we propose a new definition in order to compute the fractal dimension of a subset respect to any fractal structure , which completes the theory of classical box-counting dimension .	Indeed , if we select the so called natural fractal structure on each euclidean space , then we will get the box-counting dimension as a particular case .
An area presently attracting intense interest , both experimental and theoretical , is the relationship between the spin of the proton and the spins and orbital angular momenta of its constituents .	While remarkable progress has been made , especially in the last decade , the discovery and investigation of new concepts have revealed that much more remains to be learned .
We have derived the absolute proper motion ( PM ) of the globular cluster M55 using a large set of CCD images collected with the du Pont telescope between 1997 and 2008 .	We find ( PM_RA*cos ( DEC ) , PM_DEC ) = ( -3.31 +/- 0.10 , -9.14 +/- 0.15 ) mas/yr relative to background galaxies .
It will be applied here , as an example , for the German stock market presented by the Deutscher Aktienindex ( DAX ) , which is a measure for the market status .	The duality of the present model consists of the superposition of the two components - the long and the short term behaviour of the market .
In general , local moment is more strongly suppressed if the vacancy belongs to the sublattice A when $ \mu \sim 0 $ .	We switch the values of the chemical potential and study the basic thermodynamic quantities and the correlation functions between the magnetic adatom and the carbon sites .
We scrutinize all these breaking mechanisms and find that for the orbifold breaking in five dimensions , the rank-reducing outer automorphism is better than the inner automorphism and can make the low energy theory free of the U ( 1 ) _Z anomaly .	For the four-dimensional model with the Higgs mechanism , we study in detail both its structure and its typical phenomenology .
We have found that the noise amplitude away from the Dirac point can be described by a generalized Hooge 's relation in which the Hooge parameter { \alpha } H is not constant but decreases monotonically with the device 's mobility , with a universal dependence that is sample and temperature independent .	The value of { \alpha } H is also affected by the dynamics of disorder , which is not reflected in the DC transport characteristics and varies with sample and temperature .
The ATLAS experiment will undergo a major upgrade of the tracker system in view of the high luminosity phase of the LHC ( HL-LHC ) foreseen to start around 2025 .	Thin planar pixel modules are promising candidates to instrument the new pixel system , thanks to the reduced contribution to the material budget and their high charge collection efficiency after irradiation .
Moreover , the condition number of the resulting stiffness matrix is shown to be bounded independently of the location of the boundary .	We discuss a general , flexible and freely available implementation of the method in three spatial dimensions and present numerical examples supporting the theoretical results .
To this end , we consider the gauge-less top-Higgs sector with an additional scalar field .	Explicit form of the terms proportional to the squares of the Ricci scalar , the Ricci tensor and the Riemann tensor that arise at the one-loop level in the effective action has been determined .
A new generation of CTEQ parton distributions , CTEQ4 , is presented .	It consists of the three standard sets ( \mbox { \small { $ \overline { \rm MS } $ } } , { \protect \small DIS } and leading order ) , a series that gives a range of parton distributions with corresponding $ \alpha_s $ 's , and a set with a low starting value of $ Q $ .
Although we prepare injected vortex loops of identical length , they are extended by the oscillating sphere to form a tangle through numerous reconnections .	The resulting tangle around the sphere is anisotropic and affected by the oscillation .
In this talk I have raised the question of how the future discovery of leptonic CP violation can be made robust even at accepting the rather large current experimental uncertainties in our knowledges of neutrino propagation in matter .	To make progress toward answering the difficult question , I listed ways to proceed : ( 1 ) Obtain tighter constraints on the MSW theory by testing it by various neutrino experiments .
We present a spectroscopic analysis based on measurements of two mainly age-dependent spectrophotometric indices in the 4000A rest frame region , i.e.H+K ( CaII ) and Delta4000 , for a sample of 15 early-type galaxies ( ETGs ) at 0.7 & lt ; z_ { spec } & lt ; 1.1 , morphologically selected in the GOODS-South field .	Ages derived from the two different indices by means of the comparison with stellar population synthesis models , are not consistent with each other for at least nine galaxies ( 60 per cent of the sample ) , while for the remaining six galaxies , the ages derived from their global spectral energy distribution ( SED ) fitting are not consistent with those derived from the two indices .
X-ray emission spectroscopy data also shows the change in the electronic structure around 12 GPa .	These results can be explained by the scenario that the two SC domes under pressure originate from the change of Fermi surface topology .
They deal with logical sequences , i.e. , sequences over an alphabet of logical atoms .	This comes at the expense of a more complex model selection problem .
This is complex and , like such minima in similar objects , e.g.R For , does not fit the model predictions of a simple long term periodicity .	Together with the high resolution observations of Lopez et al .
The models can be thought as describing the role of anisotropy in the early stages of inflation .	The concurrence of the cosmological constant and anisotropy are sufficient to produce a chaotic dynamics in the gravitational degrees of freedom , connected to the presence of a critical point of saddle-center type in the phase space of the system .
The local geometry near an `` interaction point '' ( a vertex of the singular locus ) has a simple geometric description in terms of polyhedra in the extension of hyperbolic 3-space by the de Sitter space .	We then concentrate on spaces containing only ( interacting ) massive particles .
By combining the data from surveys for HI 21-cm absorption at various impact parameters in near-by galaxies , we report an anti-correlation between the 21-cm absorption strength ( velocity integrated optical depth ) and the impact parameter .	Also , by combining the 21-cm absorption strength with that of the emission , giving the neutral hydrogen column density , we find no evidence that the spin temperature of the gas ( degenerate with the covering factor ) varies significantly across the disk .
It has obtained promising performance in practical problems , such as detail manipulation , HDR compression and deblurring , and thus has received increasing attentions in fields of graphics , computer vision and image processing .	This paper derives a new type of image filter called sparse norm filter ( SNF ) from optimization-based filtering .
We calculate radio synchrotron signatures between 0.5 - 35 GHz from hydrodynamical computations of the supernova remnants of Pop III stars in minihaloes .	We find that hypernovae yield the brightest systems , with observed radio fluxes as high as 1 - 10 muJy .
The two-dimensional ionization maps have revealed an off-nuclear conical structure of about 4 kpc in length , characterized by high excitation conditions and a radial gradient in the gas electron density .	The apex of this structure coincides with B1 region of NGC3690 which , in turn , presents Seyfert-like ionization , high extinction and a high velocity dispersion .
In this paper , we examine how patterns of scientific collaboration contribute to knowledge creation .	Recent studies have shown that scientists can benefit from their position within collaborative networks by being able to receive more information of better quality in a timely fashion , and by presiding over communication between collaborators .
Furthermore , a recursive functional bi-decomposition approach is proposed to automatically synthesize a given function .	While Boolean reversible logic is particularly addressed , our framework constructs intermediate quantum states that may be in superposition , hence we combine techniques from reversible Boolean logic and quantum computation .
The nature of electronic states due to strong correlation and geometric frustration on the triangular lattice is investigated in connection to the unconventional insulating state of Na $ _x $ CoO $ _2 $ at $ x=0.5 $ .	We study an extended Hubbard model using a spatially unrestricted Gutzwiller approximation .
The emerging field of ultracold molecules with their rich internal structure is currently attracting a lot of interest .	Various methods have been developed to produce ultracold molecules in pre-set quantum states .
The excess emission was observed in all directions on the sky , and a variety of explanations have been proposed , including beyond-the-Standard-Model scenarios like annihilating or decaying dark matter .	The Large Area Telescope ( LAT ) instrument on the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope has measured the diffuse gamma-ray emission with improved sensitivity and resolution compared to EGRET .
Data were taken in 2008 at the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility in Virginia , USA .	A 1.2 GeV polarized electron beam was scattered off a cryogenic hydrogen target .
Experiments report that sorted cancer cell populations after some time tend to express again all the original markers , leading to the hypothesis of phenotypic switching , according to which cancer cells can transform stochastically into cancer stem cells .	Here we explore an alternative explanation based on the hypothesis that markers are not perfect and are thus unable to identify all cancer stem cells .
Establishment of home-made measurement setups for the characterization of MR sensor is proposed and described here .	The MR loops of MR sensors can be obtained with the instrument using two-point probe measurement and four-point probe measurement .
When we glue the throat to a compact bulk Calabi-Yau , we generate a D-brane potential which is a solution to the Laplace equation on the resolved conifold .	We can exactly solve this equation , including dependence on the angular coordinates .
We prove that if a semi-Riemannian manifold is one of flat , proper recurrent or proper Ricci-recurrent , then it can not admit an $ ( \varepsilon ) $ -para Sasakian structure .	We show that , for an $ ( \varepsilon ) $ -para Sasakian manifold , the conditions of being symmetric , semi-symmetric or of constant sectional curvature are all identical .
We obtain the branching fractions B ( B0 - & gt ; omega K0 ) = ( 4.5 +/- 0.4 ( stat ) +/- 0.3 ( syst ) ) x 10^ ( -6 ) , B ( B- - & gt ; omega K- ) = ( 6.8 +/- 0.4 ( stat ) +/- 0.4 ( syst ) ) x 10^ ( -6 ) , which are in agreement with their respective current world averages .	For the CP violating parameters , we obtain A ( B0 - & gt ; omega KS ) = -0.36 +/- 0.19 ( stat ) +/- 0.05 ( syst ) , S ( B0 - & gt ; omega KS ) = +0.91 +/- 0.32 ( stat ) +/- 0.05 ( syst ) , A ( B- - & gt ; omega K- ) = -0.03 +/- 0.04 ( stat ) +/- 0.01 syst ) , where A and S represent the direct and mixing-induced CP asymmetry , respectively .
The significance of the different representations of the matter field is explicitly studied .	We arrive at the conclusion that the screening phase prevails , even in the presence of a small mass term for the fermions .
The interference hologram of the two waves may be used to retrieve the target information .	However , unlike conventional optical holography , the propagations of electron wave packets are affected by the Coulomb potential as well as by the laser field .
In this paper , we propose a new scheme , Gaussian elimination with randomized complete pivoting ( GERCP ) for the efficient and reliable LU factorization of a given matrix .	GERCP satisfies GECP ( Gaussian elimination with complete pivoting ) style element growth bounds with high probability , yet costs only marginally higher than GEPP .
Our results rely on Theorems proved by Duan and Wang .	We determine the set D ( M , N ) of all possible map degrees from M to N when M and N are certain quasitoric 4-manifolds .
The wide luminosity dispersion seen for stars at a given effective temperature in the H-R diagrams of young clusters and star forming regions is often interpreted as due to significant ( ~10 Myr ) spreads in stellar contraction age .	In the scenario where most stars are born with circumstellar discs , and that disc signatures decay monotonically ( on average ) over timescales of only a few Myr , then any such age spread should lead to clear differences in the age distributions of stars with and without discs .
We focus our analysis on the second flow component of the MHD flow which represents a simple yet robust example of a well-organized inflow/outflow solution to the problem of MHD jet formation .	The jet is heavy , highly magnetized , and driven by magnetic and centrifugal forces .
We expand upon on an earlier renormalization group analysis of a non-Fermi liquid fixed point that plausibly govers the two dimensional electron liquid in a magnetic field near filling fraction $ \nu=1/2 $ .	We give a more complete description of our somewhat unorthodox renormalization group transformation by relating both our field-theoretic approach to a direct mode elimination and our anisotropic scaling to the general problem of incorporating curvature of the Fermi surface .
Graphical models are a powerful class of models to estimate conditional independence among random variables , e.g.interactions in dynamic systems .	Indeed , these interactions tend to vary over time .
A proper treatment of such excitations is often essential to the accurate description of experimental nuclear-reaction data and to the prediction of a wide variety of scattering observables .	Stimulated by recent work substantiating the near validity of the adiabatic approximation in coupled-channel calculations for scattering on statically deformed nuclei , we explore the possibility of generalizing a global spherical optical model potential ( OMP ) to make it usable in coupled-channel calculations on this class of nuclei .
Two parameters of the liquid bridge contact model have been studied as the constitutive parameters that define the structure of this model ( i ) the rupture distance of the liquid bridge model , which is proportional to the liquid content , and ( ii ) the maximum adhesive force , as controlled by the surface tension of the liquid .	Subsequently a correlation is developed between these micro parameters and the steady state cohesion in the limit of zero confining pressure .
Our analysis covers models based on ( i ) a field coupling $ \omega ( \phi ) $ with the kinetic energy $ X $ and a nonmimimal coupling $ \zeta \phi^ { 2 } R/2 $ with a Ricci scalar $ R $ , ( ii ) Brans-Dicke ( BD ) theories , ( iii ) Gauss-Bonnet ( GB ) gravity , and ( iv ) gravity with a Galileon correction .	Dilatonic coupling with the kinetic energy and/or negative nonminimal coupling are shown to lead to compatibility with observations of the Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) temperature anisotropies for the self-coupling inflaton potential $ V ( \phi ) =\lambda \phi^ { 4 } /4 $ .
The X-ray spectrum from this hot plasma is emitted from a range of temperatures and densities .	Extracting information from such spectra obtained with the next generation of X-ray satellites will rely on models for the structure of this flow which include appropriate treatment of the cooling mechanisms , boundary conditions and of absorptions and reflection components .
Grand Canonical Monte Carlo ( GCMC ) simulations are performed to study hydrogen physisorption in different nano carbon porous materials made up of different substructures including carbon nanotubes ( CNT ) , graphene sheets and C60 .	Hydrogen weight percentage ( wt % ) at different temperatures with pressure ranging from 1 to 20MPa are predicted .
An upper and lower bound to the system 's free energy density $ f ( H , \beta ) $ is derived and the two bounds are shown to coalesce in the thermodynamic limit .	The resulting mean-field equations for the gap $ \Delta $ and a parameter $ y $ , characterizing the impurity subsystem are solved and the solution minimizing $ f $ is found for various values of magnetic coupling constant $ g $ and impurity concentration .
The fact that the CP^1 model is equivalent to the O ( 3 ) nonlinear sigma model , allows for a comparison to the full pressure up to 1/N^2 corrections for N=3 .	Assuming validity of the 1/N expansion for the CP^1 model makes it possible to argue that the pressure for intermediate temperatures is dominated by the effects of quantum instantons .
We perform here its analytic study by two methods .	The first method is to investigate the structure of singularities , in order to possibly find closed form singlevalued solutions obeying this structure .
Static electric fields are used to implement a universal set of quantum gates , via the spin-orbit and exchange couplings .	Initialization and measurement can be performed either by spin injection from/to ferromagnets , or by using spin filters and mesoscopic spin polarizing beam-splitters .
Essential for progress , however , is an understanding of the evolution of the electronic structure of these materials with increasing layer number .	In this report , the evolution of the electronic structure of FLG , for N = 1 - 8 atomic layers , has been characterized by measurements of the optical conductivity spectra .
In order to scrutinise this conjecture , we utilised a generalisation of the Germano filtering formalism , which is applicable to compressible flows as well .	The filtering of data obtained from three-dimensional direct numerical simulations of forced isotropic turbulence with Mach numbers in the range $ \sim 0.1 ... 1 $ then yielded values of the closure parameters associated with different length scales .
We derive the equations of motion for electroweak MSSM with a right-handed Stop , from which we derive the equations for the electromagnetic field that arises from bubble nucleation and collisions during the first order electroweak phase transition that can occur in this MSSM .	Introducing an isospin ansatz we derive e.o.m .
To compute the free energy , we utilize a pair of gauge invariant Polyakov loop and antiloop correlations , and apply the multihit procedure to enhance the signal to noise ratio .	We find that the string tension departs from the zero temperature sigma ( 0 ) at T close to 0.5 Tc .
An example is described in which an asymptotically flat static vacuum Weyl space-time experiences a sudden change across a null hypersurface in the multipole moments of its isolated axially symmetric source .	A light-like shell and an impulsive gravitational wave are identified , both having the null hypersurface as history .
Let $ G $ be a countably infinite group , and let $ \mu $ be a generating probability measure on $ G $ .	We study the space of $ \mu $ -stationary Borel probability measures on a topological $ G $ space , and in particular on $ Z^G $ , where $ Z $ is any perfect Polish space .
We describe a system to transport and identify barium ions produced in liquid xenon , as part of R & amp ; D towards the second phase of a double beta decay experiment , nEXO .	The goal is to identify the Ba ion resulting from an extremely rare nuclear decay of the isotope $ ^ { 136 } $ Xe , hence providing a confirmation of the occurrence of the decay .
The technique employs two frequency-offset laser fields to simultaneously create a stiff optical restoring force and a viscous optical damping force .	We show how these forces may be used to optically trap a free mass without introducing thermal noise ; and we demonstrate the technique experimentally with a 1 gram mirror .
The aim of this paper is to give a perspective on how this new piece of exact information can be used to treat situations that are problematic for standard Kohn-Sham DFT .	One way to use the strong-interaction limit , more relevant for solid-state physical devices , is to define a new framework to do practical , non-conventional , DFT calculations in which a strong-interacting reference system is used instead of the traditional non-interacting one of Kohn and Sham .
This is an increasingly pressing problem for precision radial velocity ( RV ) spectrographs in the near-infrared ( NIR ) and optical that require both high stability of the observed line profiles and high signal to noise .	Many of these spectrographs plan to use highly coherent emission line calibration sources like laser frequency combs and Fabry-Perot etalons to achieve precision sufficient to detect terrestrial mass planets .
From radio observations , the bulk mass is molecular and lies in the outer disk , whose continuum emission has a horseshoe morphology .	The vigorous stellar accretion rate would deplete the inner disk in less than a year , so in order to sustain the observed accretion , matter must flow from the outer-disk into the cavity and cross the gap .
As a successful theory in offering this naturalness , technicolor with a scalar doublet and two both $ SU ( 3 ) _c $ and $ SU ( N_ { TC } ) $ colored scalars , which is considered as a low-energy effective theory , is proposed after the discovery of SM-like Higgs boson .	At present status , the model can be consistent with both the direct and indirect experimental limits .
We also provide a hook formula to count the number of non-ambiguous trees with a given underlying tree .	Finally , we use non-ambiguous trees to describe a very natural bijection between parallelogram polyominoes and binary trees .
The input features can be summarized in terms of the individual 's head-related transfer functions ( HRTFs ) which measure the spectral response between the listener 's eardrum and an external point in $ 3 $ D .	Based on these viewpoints , two related problems are considered : how can one achieve an optimal sampling of measurements for training sound-source localization ( SSL ) models , and how can SSL models be used to infer the subject 's HRTFs in listening tests .
It is shown that the fluxon in SJJ 's may have an unusual shape with an inverted magnetic field in the second junction when the velocity of the fluxon is approaching the lower Swihart velocity .	Finally , we study the influence of fluxon shape on flux-flow current-voltage characteristics and analyze the spectrum of Cherenkov radiation for fluxon velocity above the lower Swihart velocity .
The physical ( i.e.measured with heavy particle propagation ) Hausdorff dimension of the manifolds , which is 2.3 in the Gravity phase and 4.6 in the Antigravity phase , turned out to be 4 at the critical point , within the measurement accuracy .	These facts indicate the existence of the continuum limit in Four Dimensional Euclidean Quantum Gravity .
The electron residual energy originated from the stochastic heating in under-dense field-ionized plasma is here investigated .	The optical response of plasma is initially modeled by using the concept of two counter-propagating electromagnetic waves .
RaptorQ codes are an extension to Raptor codes , having better coding efficiency and flexibility .	Standard Raptor and RaptorQ codes are systematic with equal error protection of the data .
This method relies heavily on the possibility of making accurate quasiperiodic approximations of of quasiperiodic signal given in a numerical way .	In the present paper , we will describe the basis of the frequency analysis method , focussing on the quasi periodic approximation techniques .
We consider it together with synthetic colour magnitude diagrams techniques .	We developed a method to investigate the connections existing between gas consumption processes and star formation processes in the context of the two extended-body interaction with special attention to the dwarf galaxies dynamical regime .
The number of candidate events in the data was consistent with the atmospheric neutrino background expectation .	No significant evidence for a nucleon decay was observed in the data .
The implication is that there is substantial enrichment of the quasar environment , even at times less than a billion years after the Big Bang .	The redshift derived from these features is z = 5.774 +/- 0.003 , more accurate and slightly lower than the z = 5.82 reported in the discovery paper based on the partially-absorbed Lyman-alpha emission line .
There is a natural way to extend the fibration to $ X_T $ , but a multiple fiber ( non-generic ) singularity is introduced .	We construct explicit generic fibrations ( with only indefinite fold singularities ) in a neighborhood of this multiple fiber .
By applying techniques similar to those used for the analogous complex and real spherical ensembles , the eigenvalue jpdf and correlation functions are calculated .	This completes the exploration of spherical matrices using the traditional Dyson indices $ \beta=1,2,4 $ .
Linear mixed models ( LMMs ) are used as an important tool in the data analysis of repeated measures and longitudinal studies .	The most common form of LMMs utilize a normal distribution to model the random effects .
We have measured phase transition temperatures both alpha-beta transition and low-Temperature ( low-T ) transitions in doped BiFeO3 .	The transition peak near to 835C corresponds to alpha to beta-phase transition of BiFeO3 were measured using diffential thermal analysis ( DTA ) .
Our approach is general and makes no assumption about the environment , shape , or size of the groups .	We use the least effort principle to perform coherent group navigation and present efficient inter-group and intra-group maintenance techniques .
We will motivate and review several nonparametric methods for estimation of the density of the volatility process .	Both models based on discretely sampled continuous time processes and discrete time models will be discussed .
This law states that the first digits of numbers in data sets are not uniformly distributed but often , not always , follow a logarithmic distribution such that the numbers beginning with smaller digits appear more frequently than those with larger ones .	We find that the data on religious activities like peak publishers , pioneer publishers , baptizations , public meetings , congregations , bible studies , time spent in door-to-door contacts , attendances at the memorial services , total literature and individual magazines distributed , new subscriptions and back-calls received excellently conforms to Benford 's law .
We construct the dual geometries explicitly and compute the spectrum of scalar bound states ( glueballs ) .	We find a `universal ' subset of states common to all the models .
We consider the limit of fast spin excitations and slow phonons , applicable to a number of compounds of the cuprates family , such as Sr2CuO3 , where the superexchange J is much larger than the Debye energy .	In this case the Umklapp scattering among the spin excitations is strongly suppressed for all relevant temperatures .
This equation is fully non-linear and singular , but we show that it is well posed , and we prove existence of smooth solutions for a large class of final payoffs , both for constant and local volatility .	To obtain regularity of the solutions , we develop an original method based on Legendre transforms .
The origin of the superconductive term is due to a partial breaking of the gauge symmetry in the limit of a large coupling constant .	Beside , the scalar potential generated by the particle , the only component of the gauge field that keeps gauge invariance , increases with the square of the distance .
The predicted polarization properties are : averaged over wavelength , the position angle of polarization is aligned with the projected disc rotation axis and hence also with the radio source axis ; ( ii ) the polarization PA rotates across the line profile , reaching equal but opposite ( relative to the continuum PA ) rotations in the blue and red wings ; ( iii ) the degree of polarization peaks in the line wings and passes through a minimum in the line core .	We identify 11 objects which exhibit these features to different degrees .
We show that , for any generic smooth ( resp .	$ C^M $ ) curve $ c : \mathbb R \to V // G $ in the categorical quotient $ V // G $ ( viewed as affine variety in some $ \mathbb C^n $ ) and for any $ t_0 \in \mathbb R $ , there exists a positive integer $ N $ such that $ t \mapsto c ( t_0 \pm ( t-t_0 ) ^N ) $ allows a smooth ( resp .
We first analyze the case in which arrival rates are deterministic and the QoS metric is the probability a customer is queued , given by the Erlang-C formula .	We use the Janssen-Van Leeuwaarden-Zwart bounds to obtain asymptotically optimal solutions to this problem .
Likewise , we find that there is also a delay in the ejection of a thin sheet when a low-viscosity drop splashes .	We show how the ejection time of the thin sheet depends on liquid viscosity and ambient gas pressure .
Among these solutions are a vortex-anti-vortex array on the square optical lattice and modes in which two or more components slosh back and forth between neighboring potential wells .	We obtain a variety of solutions for multicomponent condensates on the simple cubic lattice , including a solution in which one condensate is at rest and the other flows in a complex three-dimensional array of intersecting vortex lines .
This approach is efficient in handling different type of discussion topics in our studied OSN - comments , emails , chat expressions , etc .	and can form clusters according to one or more topics .
This thesis concerns the relationship between bounded and controlled topology and how these can be used to recognise which homotopy equivalences of reasonable topological spaces are homotopic to homeomorphisms .	Let $ f : X\to Y $ be a simplicial map of finite-dimensional locally finite simplicial complexes .
Most research in the theory of evolutionary computation assumes that the problem at hand has a fixed problem size .	This assumption does not always apply to real-world optimization challenges , where the length of an optimal solution may be unknown a priori .
By means of detailed radiative transfer calculations including both the gaseous and dust phase of their surrounding protoplanetary discs we highlight the importance of modelling both phases simultaneously when interpreting observations from such objects .	In particular we find that models that only include dust may lead to incorrect conclusions about the inner disc evolution .
More precisely , we investigate the following question .	Let $ J $ be a generalized complex structure on a manifold $ M $ , which admits an action of a Lie group $ G $ preserving $ J $ .
However , there is no definitive proof that the Hubbard model truly possesses a superconducting ground state or , if it does , of how it depends on model parameters .	To answer these longstanding questions , we study an extension of the Hubbard model including an infinite-range d-wave pair field term , which precipitates a superconducting state in the d-wave channel .
It is well-known that coupling a spin $ \frac32 $ -field to a gravitational or electromagnetic background leads to potential problems both in the classical and in the quantum theory .	Various solutions to these problems have been proposed so far , which are all restricted to a limited class of backgrounds .
In this paper we explore the possibility that the extra radiation has isocurvatrue fluctuations .	A general formalism to evaluate isocurvature perturbations in the extra radiation is provided in the mixed inflaton-curvaton system , where the extra radiation is produced by the decay of both scalar fields .
The existence of neutron stars leads to a constraint on the brane tension that is stronger than the big bang nucleosynthesis constraint , but weaker than the Newton-law experimental constraint .	We present two different non-Schwarzschild exteriors that match the uniform-density star on the brane , and we give a uniqueness conjecture for the full 5-dimensional problem .
This article synthesises and extends recent work on the cosmological consequences of dropping the usual Z_2 reflection symmetry postulate in brane world scenarios .	It is observed that for a cosmological model of homogeneous isotropic type , the relevant generalised Birkhoff theorem establishing staticity of the external vacuum in the maximally symmetric `` bulk '' outside a freely moving world brane will remain valid for the case of motion that is forced by minimal ( generalised Wess Zumino type ) coupling to an external antisymmetric gauge field provided its kinetic action contribution has the usual homogeneous quadratic form .
Recent observations of the super-Earth GJ 1214b show that it has a relatively featureless transmission spectrum .	One suggestion is that these observations indicate that the planet 's atmosphere is vertically compact , perhaps due to a water-rich composition that yields a large mean molecular weight .
With these improved statistics , we find no evidence for asymmetric disturbances or tidal tails that possess more than 3 % of the stars found within the centre of the galaxy .	We find that the central stellar density , as probed by the HST data , rises into the central 0.5 ' .
While conventional beamforming schemes aim at the minimization of the transmit power subject to suppressing interference to guarantee quality of service ( QoS ) constraints , here we use the knowledge of both data and channel state information ( CSI ) at the transmitter to exploit , rather than suppress , constructive interference .	More specifically , we design a new precoding scheme for the MISO downlink that minimizes the transmit power for generic phase shift keying ( PSK ) modulated signals .
We present the equation of state ( pressure , trace anomaly , energy density and entropy density ) of the SU ( 3 ) gauge theory from lattice field theory in an unprecedented precision and temperature range .	We control both finite size and cut-off effects .
Magnetization measurements reveal hysteresis loops almost independent on temperature and very similar in shape to those obtained in nanodisks with diameter bigger than 150nm .	The spin configuration for the ground state , obtained by micromagnetic simulation , shows topological vortices with random chirality and polarization .
As AERA performs `` radio-hybrid '' measurements of air shower radio emission in coincidence with the surface particle detectors and fluorescence telescopes of the Pierre Auger Observatory , the radio analysis functionality had to be incorporated in the existing hybrid analysis solutions for fluoresence and surface detector data .	This goal has been achieved in a natural way by extending the existing Auger Offline software framework with radio functionality .
For both spin-1/2 and spin-1 systems we prove that the LE of a pure quantum state can be lower bounded by connected correlation functions .	We further propose a scheme , based on matrix-product states and the Monte Carlo method , to efficiently calculate the LE for quantum states of a large number of spins .
The analysis is supported by molecular dynamics simulations .	The average properties of the system are first discussed , focusing on the relations between granular temperature $ T_g=m & lt ; v^2 & gt ; $ , kinetic pressure and density $ \rho=N/L $ .
The proof is given constructively by finding unitary transformations that map the models onto each other .	Moreover , we considerably generalized our mapping and showed that even in case of fully site dependent couplings the XY chain can be mapped onto an XX model .
We propose a new class of semiparametric exponential family graphical models for the analysis of high dimensional mixed data .	Different from the existing mixed graphical models , we allow the nodewise conditional distributions to be semiparametric generalized linear models with unspecified base measure functions .
We study supercontractivity and hypercontractivity of Markov semigroups obtained via ground state transformation of non-local Schr\ '' odinger operators based on generators of symmetric jump-paring L\'evy processes with Kato-class confining potentials .	This class of processes has the property that the intensity of single large jumps dominates the intensity of all multiple large jumps , and the related operators include pseudo-differential operators of interest in mathematical physics .
The conditional measurement subtracts photons from the original entangled two-mode squeezed vacuum , by transmitting each mode through a low-reflectivity beam splitter and performing a joint photon-number measurement on the reflected beams .	In this way the degree of entanglement of the shared state is increased and so is the fidelity of the teleported state .
It can also be regarded as local interaction of fermions with opposite `` hypercharge '' .	The corresponding term in the Hamiltonian is SU ( 4 ) -invariant and appears to be the most tractable version of the SO ( 5 ) -invariant model that unifies antiferromagnetic and d-wave superconducting order parameters .
For the first time , we find clear evidences suggesting that the isospin nonconserving ( INC ) nuclear force has a significant effect for the upper fp shell region .	Detailed analysis shows that in addition to the INC force , the electromagnetic spin-orbit interaction plays an important role for the large , negative MED in A=66 and 70 and the multipole Coulomb term contributes to the negative TED in all the T=1 triplet nuclei .
The complexity of the problem can be reduced to a one-dimensional Green 's function equation along the corrugation which can be solved numerically .	Our technique is fully nonperturbative in the height profile of the corrugation .
We introduce an INT-WFS project which will further reduce the selection biases .	We show that there is a correlation between the surface brightness and the luminosity of galaxies and that new technologies are having a big impact on this field .
However , the integration of detailed data sources yields models that are less transparent and general .	Hence , given a specific disease model , it is crucial to assess which representations of the raw data strike the best balance between simplicity and detail .
This is achieved through adding a nonlinear constraint for the Higgs field in the Lagrangian in which the field 's content is the same as in the Weinberg-Salam ( WS ) model .	In the unitary gauge the generation of masses of the $ W^ { \pm } $ and $ Z $ bosons , as well as for the leptons and quarks , reproduces the known pattern in the WS model .
The results obtained are entirely general and may be applied to any effect which results in a broadening of the electromagnetic states , such as loss , disorder , finite-size effects , etc .	This significantly limits the reduction in group velocity attainable via photonic crystals .
The proposed scheme requires , in each iteration , the approximation of the flux on ( both sides of ) the free interface .	We present a Finite Element implementation of our method .
We consider a class of martingales on Cartan-Hadamard manifolds that includes Brownian motion on a minimal submanifold .	We give sufficient conditions for such martingales to be transient , extending previous results on the transience of minimal submanifolds .
In the X-ray band , 42 out of the 103 well-sampled X-ray lightcurves have a decay slope of the post-break segment & gt ; 1.5 ( `` Bronze '' sample ) , and 27 of them also satisfy the closure relations of the forward models ( `` Silver '' sample ) .	The numbers of the `` Bronze '' and `` Silver '' candidates in the optical lightcurves are 27 and 23 , respectively .
I consider the problem of a thin membrane on which a metric has been prescribed , for example by lithographically controlling the local swelling properties of a polymer thin film .	While any amount of swelling can be accommodated locally , geometry prohibits the existence of a global strain-free configuration .
This solution involves a product of transfer matrices , in which individual reliabilities of edges and nodes are taken into account .	The special case of identical edge and node reliabilities ( p and rho , respectively ) is addressed .
Our setup captures all the relevant features of 5D models and more in general of composite Higgs models with partial compositeness .	We focus on the minimal scenario where we include a single multiplet of resonances of the composite sector , as these will be the only degrees of freedom which might be accessible at the LHC .
This induces a negative mass squared for the Higgs field triggering the spontaneous symmetry breaking of the global and local symmetries .	The mechanism is general and we test the idea for the electroweak theory in which the Higgs sector is extended to possess an extra global Abelian symmetry .
The first section revisits some well-known definitions with an algorithmic point of vue .	The second section proposes a matrix way of building the least committed isopignistic , and extends it to some other bodies of evidence .
The model is supported by a certain class of gapped spin Hamiltonians , called stabilizer Hamiltonians , with translation symmetries and a small number of ground states that does not grow with the system size .	We show that the model does not work as self-correcting quantum memory due to a certain topological constraint on geometric shapes of its logical operators .
We explicitly construct soliton solutions in the low energy description of M-theory on S^1/Z_2 .	It is shown that the 11-dimensional membrane is a BPS solution of this theory if stretched between the Z_2 hyperplanes .
After low energy stringy corrections , we found that they have similar form to the same processes induced by exchange of the Kaluza-Klein ( KK ) excitations of graviton in ADD scenario .	Using this similarity , we apply constraints on the KK mass scale $ M_D $ to the string scale $ M_S $ .
Nearly unbiased ( & lt ; 5 % ) energy estimations regardless of a primary nuclear mass with an accuracy of about 15-10 % in the 3-200 PeV energy range respectively are attained .	An irregularity ( 'bump ' ) in the spectrum is observed at primary energies of ~74 PeV .
The crucial point is that games under consideration are so called extensive form games .	Here the order of actions of players is important , such a game can be represented by the tree of actions .
Results of a quantitative comparison between experimental and theoretical results , notably for Mn-based III-V and II-VI compounds , are presented .	This comparison demonstrates that the current theory of the exchange interactions mediated by holes in the valence band describes correctly the values of Curie temperatures T_C magnetic anisotropy , domain structure , and magnetic circular dichroism .
A subset ( ~ 10 % ) of massive stars present strong , globally ordered ( mostly dipolar ) magnetic fields .	The trapping and channeling of their stellar winds in closed magnetic loops leads to magnetically confined wind shocks ( MCWS ) , with pre-shock flow speeds that are some fraction of the wind terminal speed .
In this paper , we investigate the uniform regularity of solutions to the 3-dimensional isentropic compressible Navier-Stokes system with free surfaces and study the corresponding asymptotic limits of such solutions to that of the compressible Euler system for vanishing viscosity and surface tension .	It is shown that there exists an unique strong solution to the free boundary problem for the compressible Navier-Stokes system in a finite time interval which is independent of the viscosity and the surface tension .
Ideal commitment schemes are known to be impossible .	Even if some degrees of cheating is allowed , Buhrman , Christandl , Hayden , Lo and Wehner ( quant-ph/0504078 ) have recently shown that there are some binding-concealing trade-offs that any quantum string commitment scheme ( QSC ) must follow .
Models of a Keplerian disk with emission from an optically thick inner gaseous accretion disk ( inside the dust sublimation zone ) , however , yield a good fit of the SED and simultaneously reproduce the observed NIR and MIR visibilities .	We conclude that the NIR continuum emission from MWC 147 is dominated by accretion luminosity emerging from an optically thick inner gaseous disk , while the MIR emission also contains strong contributions from the outer dust disk .
Given the anticipated fast rotation , such stars would end their live as supermassive collapsars and drive powerful magnetically-dominated jets .	In this letter we investigate the possibility of observing the bursts of high-energy emission similar to the Long Gamma Ray Bursts associated with normal collapsars .
$ G ( \vec { k } , \omega ) $ turns out to be identical to the one of Nolting ( Z. Physik 225 , 25 ( 1972 ) ) , which is beyond a Hubbard-I solution since satisfies four sum rules .	With our proposal we have been able to obtain an expansion in powers of $ U $ for the self-energy ( here to second order in $ U $ ) .
Galaxies can be identified in 2MASS at optical extinction layers of over 10mag .	However , star density has been found to be the dominant limiting factor in the NIR in the wider Galactic Bulge region ( see Fig .
We give the first NP-hardness result for general caching with small pages : General caching is ( strongly ) NP-hard even when page sizes are limited to { 1 , 2 , 3 } .	It holds already in the fault model ( each page has unit fault cost ) as well as in the bit model ( each page has the same fault cost as size ) .
This has the potential to be integral to investigative techniques .	However , all sensors must tolerate imperfections if their operation is to be practical .
Consider two processes , one of them an innocuous process ( referred to as Alice ) and the other a malicious one ( referred to as Bob ) , using a common scheduler to process their jobs .	Based on when his jobs get processed , Bob wishes to learn about the pattern ( size and timing ) of jobs of Alice .
Our probabilistic analysis sheds light to the following questions : Why do random polynomials seem to have few , and well separated real roots , on the average ?	Why do exact algorithms for real root isolation may perform comparatively well or even better than numerical ones ?
For a given second-order linear elliptic operator $ L $ which admits a positive minimal Green function , and a given positive weight function $ W $ , we introduce a family of weighted Lebesgue spaces $ L^p ( \phi_p ) $ with their dual spaces , where $ 1\leq p\leq \infty $ .	We study some fundamental properties of the corresponding ( weighted ) Green operators on these spaces .
Meanwhile , short online videos shared on social media platforms , or micro-videos , have arisen as a new medium for creative expression .	In this paper we study creative micro-videos in an effort to understand the features that make a video creative , and to address the problem of automatic detection of creative content .
Analytic continuation of the phase transition line between real and imaginary chemical potential can be tested with precision .	Our results show that the chemical potential weakens the heavy-quark deconfinement transition in QCD .
The dehydrogenated carbon dimers behave as effective impurities , whose motion decouples from the rest of carbon atoms .	The electrical current can couple the dimer motion in a coherent fashion .
2006 ) and that effect can be used also to make artificial satellites move in tandem .	We consider formation flight of two or three satellites in low eccentricity near Earth orbits .
Fundamental new results are obtained on the excess and overcompleteness of frames , on the relationship between frame bounds and density , and on the structure of the dual frame of a localized frame .	In a subsequent paper , these results are applied to the case of Gabor frames , producing an array of new results as well as clarifying the meaning of existing results .
Recent indications of a 125 GeV Higgs boson are challenging for gauge-mediated supersymmetry breaking ( GMSB ) , since radiative contributions to the Higgs boson mass are not enhanced by significant stop mixing .	This challenge should not be considered in isolation , however , as GMSB also generically suffers from two other problems : unsuppressed electric dipole moments and the absence of an attractive dark matter candidate .
Specifically , we obtain the bosonic sector general static solutions .	In addition to the well-known asymptotically flat black hole solutions , they include solutions with naked singularities and non-asymptotically flat black holes .
This paper is concerned with a class of nonlocal dispersive models -- the $ \theta $ -equation proposed by H. Liu [ On discreteness of the Hopf equation , { \it Acta Math.Appl.Sin . } Engl.Ser .	{ \bf 24 } ( 3 ) ( 2008 ) 423 -- 440 ] : $ $ ( 1-\partial_x^2 ) u_t+ ( 1-\theta\partial_x^2 ) ( \frac { u^2 } { 2 } ) _x = ( 1-4\theta ) ( \frac { u_x^2 } { 2 } ) _x , $ $ including integrable equations such as the Camassa-Holm equation , $ \theta=1/3 $ , and the Degasperis-Procesi equation , $ \theta=1/4 $ , as special models .
We analyst in detail a new approach to the monitoring and forecasting of the onset of transitions in high dimensional complex systems ( see Phys.Rev.Lett .vol .	113 , 264102 ( 2014 ) ) by application to the Tangled Nature Model of evolutionary ecology and high dimensional replicator systems with a stochastic element .
We present a quaternion inspired formalism specifically developed to evaluate the intensity of the electrical current that traverses a single molecule connected to two semi-infinite electrodes as the applied external bias is varied .	The self-adjustment of the molecular levels is fully described at a density functional ab initio quantum chemical level .
These equations are solved for the de Sitter and Friedmann -Robertson-Walker spaces .	The primary string constraints are found to be split into a chain of perturbative constraints and their conservation and consistency are proved .
Polarization control in the soft X-ray region from linear to circular is highly desirable .	Several schemes using helical undulators have been discussed for the LCLS .
The compound shows a diffused ferroelectric ( FE ) transition and slow relaxation dynamics above T_N , indicative of relaxor FE behavior .	Interestingly , memory effect and magnetic field induced rejuvenation are also observed in E , establishing cooperative glassy dynamics and ME coupling even above T_N .
In this paper , we propose a new multi-layered user utility model that leverages on studies of human visual perception and quality of experience ( QoE ) from the fields of computer graphics and human computer interaction ( HCI ) .	Using this new utility model to investigate network activities , we demonstrate that solving NUM with multi-layered utility is intractable , and that rate allocation and network pricing may oscillate due to user behavior specific to multi-layered applications .
In our experiments we achieved up to four times enhanced transmission through a single coaxial aperture as compared to a ( hollow ) circular aperture with the same outer diameter.We attribute this enhancement of transmission to the excitation of a TEM-mode for illumination with radially polarized light inside the single coaxial aperture .	A strong polarization contrast is observed between the transmission for radially and azimuthally polarized illumination .
Combining our ultra-deep Subaru/Suprime-Cam z'- and y-band ( lambda_eff=1um ) images with legacy data of Subaru and HST , we have identified 22 bright z-dropout galaxies down to y=26 , one of which has a spectroscopic redshift of z=6.96 determined from Lya emission .	The z=7 luminosity function ( LF ) yields the best-fit Schechter parameters of phi*=0.69 +2.62/-0.55 x10^ ( -3 ) Mpc^ ( -3 ) , Muv*=-20.10 +/-0.76 mag , and alpha=-1.72 +/-0.65 , and indicates a decrease from z=6 at a & gt ; 95 % confidence level .
Though less than 0.1 % of the total , these objects were responsible for most of the collision probability of former JCOs with Earth and Venus .	Some Jupiter-family comets can reach inclinations i & gt ; 90 deg .
A new notion of typicality for arbitrary probability measures on standard Borel spaces is proposed , which encompasses the classical notions of weak and strong typicality as special cases .	Useful lemmas about strong typical sets , including conditional typicality lemma , joint typicality lemma , and packing and covering lemmas , which are fundamental tools for deriving many inner bounds of various multi-terminal coding problems , are obtained in terms of the proposed notion .
Further , research has shown that externalities lead to serious problems for market stability and for developing efficient algorithms to find stable matchings .	In this paper we make the observation that peer effects are often the result of underlying social connections , and we explore a formulation of the many-to-one matching market where peer effects are derived from an underlying social network .
2009 ) , which have a median redshift of $ z\sim 1 $ , and assuming a flat geometry , a constant in comoving coordinates AGN clustering evolution and the AGN bias evolution model of Basilakos et al .	( 2008 ) , we manage to break the Omega_m-sigma_8 degeneracy .
The Integrated Spectral Analysis Workbench ( ISAW ) is being extended and customized for SCD measurements .	To this end , new viewers and operators have been added to ISAW .
We present in this article a new evaluation method for classification and segmentation of textured images in uncertain environments .	In uncertain environments , real classes and boundaries are known with only a partial certainty given by the experts .
Spectra of spin reversed excitations at filling factor $ \nu \gtrsim 1/3 $ and at $ \nu \lesssim 2/5 $ identify a structure of lowest spin-split Landau levels of composite fermions that is similar to that of electrons .	Observations of spin wave excitations enable determinations of energies required to reverse spin .
After the geometric embedding is specified , there is an additional step that is often overlooked or ignored : assigning display colors to the graph 's vertices .	We study the additional aesthetic criterion of assigning distinct colors to vertices of a geometric graph so that the colors assigned to adjacent vertices are as different from one another as possible .
Starting from 800 atoms at a temperature of 125microKelvins , we produce an unpolarized sample of 40 atoms at 110nK , within 3s .	The phase-space density at the end of the evaporation reaches unity , close to quantum degeneracy .
We show how the evaporation field of atoms is related to the charge density by comparing the directionality and localization of the electrons with the evaporation of single ions versus dimers .	This evaporation mechanism is important for the reconstruction of APT data , which is partially dependent on the input evaporation fields of the atoms .
We find that packing characteristics can be substantially different from their bulk analogs , which is due to what we term `` confinement frustration '' .	Rattlers in confined packings are generally more prevalent than those in their bulk counterparts .
By complex we mean scenes with multiple targets , stationary and in motion .	We use the usual setup with one moving antenna emitting and receiving signals .
We show that the angular resolution can be dynamically controlled by optimally choosing the angle of incidence and the transverse profile of the control beam .	For instance , by employing a Laguerre-Gaussian profile of the control field , one can impart a large angular divergence to the circular components close to the entry face of the atomic vapor cell .
In statistical decision theory , risk measures for which such verification and comparison is possible , are called elicitable .	It is known that quantile based risk measures such as value at risk are elicitable .
We report results from a programme aimed at investigating the temperature of neutral gas in high-redshift damped Lyman- $ \alpha $ absorbers ( DLAs ) .	This involved ( 1 ) HI 21cm absorption studies of a large DLA sample , ( 2 ) VLBI studies to measure the low-frequency quasar core fractions , and ( 3 ) optical/ultraviolet spectroscopy to determine DLA metallicities and velocity widths .
Properties of transient horizontal magnetic fields ( THMFs ) in both plage and quiet Sun regions are obtained and compared .	Spectro-polarimetric observations with the Solar Optical Telescope ( SOT ) on the Hinode satellite were carried out with a cadence of about 30 seconds for both plage and quiet regions located near disk center .
These final states are sensitive to a combination of associated W/Z boson plus Higgs boson , vector boson fusion and gluon-gluon fusion production processes .	The observed ratio of the combined limit on the Higgs production cross section at the 95 % C.L .
We obtain conditions ( depending on density , temperature , and UV radiation intensity ) favorable for the formation of a multi-component medium .	Nonlinear effects , especially those attributable to opacity , can play an important role .
While the F-theory compactification on any element of this family gives rise to the same physics , the corresponding M-theory compactifications on these geometries differ and are obtained by a fluxed circle reduction of the former .	In this note , we focus on an element of order three in the Tate-Shafarevich group of the general cubic .
The model of antimatter pollution of Galaxy and annihilation with matter gas is developed .	The proton-antiproton annihilation gamma flux is shown to reproduce the observed galactic gamma background measured by EGRET .
We have used synchrotron small angle X-ray scattering to get insight into the nature of the porous medium in the bundles .	Three types of fluorohectorite clay samples corresponding to three different intercalated cations Na+ , Ni2+ and Fe3+ were studied .
Landau and Lifshitz [ 4 , Section 35 ] conjectured that for an arbitrary $ k\in \mathbb { R } $ , there exists the motion of a quantum mechanical particle under the inverse square potential $ k|x|^ { -2 } $ , $ x \in \mathbb { R } ^3 $ .	When $ k $ is negative and $ | k | $ is very large , the inverse square potential becomes very deep and generates the very strong attractive force , and hence a quantum mechanical particle is likely to fall down to the origin ( the center of the inverse square potential ) .
In contrast to previous assumptions of an exponential dependence of $ n_S $ on $ S $ , the Gaussian functions lead to a stretched exponential dependence of $ n_S $ on $ S $ , $ n_S\sim e^ { -S^ { 6/7 } } $ .	However , for the rotator model on the partially occupied square lattice , an alternative scaling function near criticality is found , leading to a new exponent $ \sigma '=1.6\pm0.3 $ and a super exponential dependence of $ n_S $ on $ S $ .
There are recent interests with CsI ( Tl ) scintillating crystals for Dark Matter experiments .	The scattering signatures by neutrons on a CsI ( Tl ) detector were studied using a neutron beam generated by a 13 MV Tandem accelerator .
We show that these two failures are actually intimately related .	The formalism of resurgent transseries , which takes into account global analytic continuation properties , fixes both problems , and provides an arbitrarily accurate description of exact result for any value of coupling .
A normal-incommensurate phase transition that is not too far from the mean-field tricritical point should be discontinuous and it is highly improbable that so far reported normal-incommensurate phase transitions lie very far from this point .	To understand this behaviour we study influence of defects on a hypothetical first-order normal-incommensurate phase transition in a pure material .
The cluster typical medium theory utilizes the momentum resolved typical density of states and hybridization function to characterize the localization transition .	We apply the formalism to the Anderson model of localization in one- and two-dimensions .
A. , 2007 , ApJ , 670 , 693 ) fit the oscillations of the square of a Bessel function whose argument exceeds its order .	This function has already been encountered in the analysis of the emission from a polarization current with a superluminal distribution pattern : a current whose distribution pattern rotates ( with an angular frequency $ \omega $ ) and oscillates ( with a frequency $ \Omega & gt ; \omega $ differing from an integral multiple of $ \omega $ ) at the same time ( Ardavan H. , Ardavan A .
We have used two different SPH codes , vine and phantom , to model the evolution of a system star+disk+planet and companion star with time .	After an initial coupled evolution , the inclination of the disk and that of the planet begin to differ significantly .
The simulation code includes a fairly advanced treatment of star formation , as well as the release of energy feedback and detailed yields from both type-II and type-Ia supernovae , also accurately accounting for the lifetimes of different stellar populations .	We perform simulations of a cluster with virial mass ~ 3.9x 10^14 Msun , to investigate the effect of varying the feedback strength and the stellar initial mass function ( IMF ) .
By abelian duality transformation , the long distance effective theory of QCD is mapped into an amalgamation of $ d=3 $ dimensional Sine-Gordon and NJL models .	The duality necessitates going to IR first .
The correlation is estimated in the compressed domain by jointly processing the linear measurements .	We first show that the correlated images can be efficiently related using a linear operator .
If one then extends the deformation to the bosonic coefficient part of superanalysis one obtains quantum mechanics for systems with spin .	This approach clarifies on the one hand the relation between Grassmann and Clifford structures in geometric algebra and on the other hand the relation between classical mechanics and quantum mechanics .
We study the latter model by calculating quantities such as the transmission coefficient and the inverse participation ratio and find the original quantum percolation results to be stable for $ w & gt ; 0 $ over a wide range of energy .	In particular , except in the immediate neighborhood of the band center ( where increasing $ w $ to just $ 0.02*V $ appears to eliminate localization effects ) , increasing $ w $ only shifts the boundaries between the 3 regimes but does not eliminate them until $ w $ reaches 10 % -40 % of $ V $ .
We observe a mechanical quality factor Q & gt ; 4 x 10^6 for the 261-kHz fundamental drum-head mode of the membrane , and a cavity resonance halfwidth of 60 kHz .	The optomechanical system therefore operates in the resolved sideband limit .
We study the prospects for discriminating between the dark matter ( DM ) and pulsar origin of the PAMELA positron excess with the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer AMS-02 .	We simulate the response of AMS-02 to positrons ( and electrons ) originating from DM annihilations , and determine the pulsar parameters ( spin-down luminosity , distance and characteristic age ) that produce a satisfactory fit to the mock AMS-02 data .
We review the non-anticommutative Q-deformations of N= ( 1,1 ) supersymmetric theories in four-dimensional Euclidean harmonic superspace .	These deformations preserve chirality and harmonic Grassmann analyticity .
Some of these processes include t-quarks whose spin polarizations are taken into account in the subsequent decay of the t-quarks .	Several non-SM top quark decay channels are included , too .
We also show how the `` string '' solution of Bethe Ansatz equations emerge naturally from the contour approach .	We confront our results with experiments and numerical methods where possible .
Moreover , the dressing transformations leading to the solutions in the orbit of the vacuum are considered in detail , as well as the $ \tau $ -functions , which are defined for any integrable highest weight representation of $ \cgh $ , irrespectively of its particular realization .	When the conformal symmetry is spontaneously broken , the G-CAT model becomes a generalized Affine Toda model , whose soliton solutions are constructed .
Their ( non-local ) unitary actions on separable pure product states of three identical subsystems ( say , the spin projections of three particles ) are explicitly evaluated for all dimensions .	This , for our classes , is shown to generate entangled superposition of four terms in the base space .
We leveraged the ability of the CLEO III software infrastructure to read and write multiple file formats to perform reconstruction of a single run using several CPUs in parallel .	Using the Sun Grid Engine and some Perl scripts , we assign roughly equal-sized chunks of events to different CPUs .
For the Quartic model , we show that the effective gravitational strength deviates from unity at late times ( $ z \lesssim 1 $ ) , becoming larger if the density is low , but smaller if the density is high .	This shows that the Vainshtein mechanism at high densities is not enough to screen all of the modifications of gravity .
Strange quark stars with a crust and strange dwarfs consisting of a compact strange quark core and an extended crust are investigated in terms of a bag model .	The crust , which consists of atomic nuclei and degenerate electrons , has a limiting density of ro_ cr=ro_drip=4.3*10^11g/cm^3 .
P2P architecture is a viable option for enterprise backup .	In contrast to dedicated backup servers , nowadays a standard solution , making backups directly on organization 's workstations should be cheaper ( as existing hardware is used ) , more efficient ( as there is no single bottleneck server ) and more reliable ( as the machines are geographically dispersed ) .
Below threshold , we also compute the strong 1s - & gt ; np absorption resonances with the inclusion of important spectator Auger broadening effects .	For the lowest 1s - & gt ; 2p , 3p resonances , comparisons to available C II , C III , and C IV experimental results show good agreement in general for the resonance strengths and positions , but unexplained discrepancies exist .
The process is analyzed for the center of mass energies of the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC , $ \sqrt { s } =500 $ GeV ) and of the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC , $ \sqrt { s } =14 $ TeV ) .	In addition , the results are extrapolated down to current energies of proton-proton collisions , where non-asymptotic corrections to the dipole approach are needed .
The angular clustering strength is measured at & gt ; 5-sigma significance at all flux limits , with amplitudes of A= ( 0.49-29 ) \times10^ { -3 } at one degree , for a power-law model , A\theta^ { -0.8 } .	We estimate the redshift distributions of the samples using phenomological models , simulations and photometric redshifts , and so derive the spatial correlation lengths .
We examine the general nature of nuclear odd-even mass differences by employing neutron and proton mass relations that emphasize these effects .	The most recent mass tables are used .
We present a natural geometric construction of a Lie contact structure on a seven-dimensional bundle over a five-manifold endowed with a $ ( 2,3,5 ) $ -distribution .	For a class of distributions the induced Lie contact structure is constructed explicitly and we determine its symmetries .
In general it is not clear which kind of information is supposed to be used for calculating the fair value of a contingent claim .	Even if the information is specified , it is not guaranteed that the fair value is uniquely determined by the given information .
In contrast to a rotor , which generates angular momentum by increasing the angular velocity at approximately constant deformation , a tidal wave generates angular momentum by increasing the deformation at approximately constant angular velocity .	The properties of the tidal waves are calculated by means of the cranking model in a microscopic way .
The attractive force , between a Cu layer evaporated on a microelectromechanical torsional oscillator , and an Au layer deposited on an Al $ _2 $ O $ _3 $ sphere , was measured dynamically with a noise level of 6 fN/ $ \sqrt { \rm { Hz } } $ .	Measurements were performed for separations in the 0.2-2 $ \mu $ m range .
Also , if $ F $ is homotopy invariant , stable , half exact , continuous , and satisfies an appropriate dimension axiom , then there is a natural isomorphism $ K ( A ) \to F ( A ) $ for a large class of separable real C*-algebras $ A $ .	Furthermore , we prove that a natural transformation $ F ( A ) \to G ( A ) $ of homotopy invariant , stable , half-exact functors which is an isomorphism when $ A $ is complex is necessarily an isomorphism when $ A $ is real .
The instrument system consists of the A225 charge sensitive preamp , A206 discriminator , and MCA8000D multichannel analyzer .	For the gas system , Argon gas was mixed with CO2 to the ratio of 8:2 , and for the negative 2,000 volts , the 3106D power supply was used .
In spite of this , a self-consistent set of equations for the exact homogeneous equilibria are described , using a generalized cluster-expansion scheme .	These equations are solved in the two-particle BBGKY approximation , and the results are compared to numerical experiment .
Here we demonstrate non-invasive , non-destructive imaging of buried interfaces using a tabletop , extreme ultraviolet ( EUV ) , coherent diffractive imaging ( CDI ) nanoscope .	Copper nanostructures inlaid in SiO2 are coated with 100 nm of aluminum , which is opaque to visible light and thick enough that neither optical microscopy nor atomic force microscopy can image the buried interfaces .
This facilitates fast multiqubit quantum logic operations through a set of two-qubit operations .	The ideas presented here are applicable to various quantum computing proposals for atom based qubits such as , trapped ions , atoms trapped in optical cavities and optical lattices .
At half filling we have a ground state with critical superconducting correlations , that is argued to be exact for the model considered .	We find large enhancements in a Cooper pair correlation function caused purely by the interplay between the uncertainty principle , repulsion and the proximity of half filling .
The system is driven away from equilibrium by connecting the external leads to heat reservoirs with different temperatures and/or chemical potentials .	The properties of the exact scattering matrix of this configuration as a function of the momentum , the magnetic flux and the transmission along the ring are explored .
We calculate the total derived functor for the map from the Weil-etale site introduced by Lichtenbaum to the etale site for varieties over finite fields .	In particular , there is a long exact sequence relating Weil-etale cohomology and etale cohomology .
We first consider two non-interacting particles .	The results show that because of entanglement , the geometric phase is very different from that of the non-entangled case .
A competing view applies this postulate to density matrices instead , but that lies outside the scope of this paper .	To find out the result of a measurement on a particular circuit , we consider a weighted distribution of histories between some initial and final time , such that each individually obeys ordinary quantum mechanics .
We show that systematic improvement of the calculated anion displacement can be achieved by using the Heyd-Scuseria-Ernzerhof ( HSE06 ) functional compared with the Perdew-Burke-Ernzerhof ( PBE ) functional .	Quasiparticle band structures are then calculated within the G0W0 approximation using the crystal structures optimized within the HSE06 functional and starting from the PBE+U mean-field solution .
These extra degrees of freedom lead to the appearence of the new topological defects .	These defects which we call freckles have some characteristic size depending on the scale at which the extra degrees of freedom revive .
Here we propose an alternative method to estimate the streaming velocity directly from peculiar velocity samples , which contain redshift-independent distances as well as galaxy redshifts .	This method can provide an estimate of $ \Omega^ { 0.6 } \sigma_8^2 $ for a range of $ \sigma_8 $ where $ \Omega $ is the cosmological density parameter , while $ \sigma_8 $ is the standard normalization for the power spectrum of density fluctuations .
This pseudo-spin like two-component quantity is in fact a generalization of the Majorana polarization ( MP ) measure introduced in Sticlet et al .	2012 , which was applicable only for some models with specific spin and symmetry properties .
A strongly confined light field necessarily exhibits a local polarization that varies on a subwavelength scale .	We demonstrate that a single optical mode of such kind can be used to selectively and simultaneously manipulate atomic ensembles that are less than a micron away from each other and equally coupled to the light field .
We consider a two-hop wireless network where a transmitter communicates with a receiver via $ M $ relays with an amplify-and-forward ( AF ) protocol .	Recent works have shown that sophisticated linear processing such as beamforming and distributed space-time coding ( DSTC ) at relays enables to improve the AF performance .
The galaxy spectra are roughly flat from 1.7 to 43 GHz , rather than steepening to classical optically thin synchrotron spectra at high frequencies .	Although the spectral slopes somewhat resemble predictions for advection-dominated accretion flows , the luminosities are too high for the black hole masses of the galaxies and the slight spectral steepening at high frequencies can not be explained by standard simple models of such accretion flows .
The dependence of resonance yields on the strength of their hadronic cross sections and the lifetime between the freeze-outs will also be discussed .	In the intermediate $ p_ { T } $ region ( $ 2 & lt ; p_T & lt ; 4 $ GeV/c ) , the nuclear modification factors ( $ R_ { CP } $ and $ R_ { AA } $ ) of $ K^* $ are similar to those of $ K_ { S } $ and smaller than those of baryons ( $ \Lambda $ ) .
The elastic properties of paramagnetic cubic B1 ( c- ) Cr1-xAlxN ternary alloys are studied using stress-strain and energy-strain methods within the framework of Density Functional Theory ( DFT ) .	A strong compositional dependence of the elastic properties is predicted .
We reanalyse leptogenesis via the out-of-equilibrium decay of the lightest right-handed neutrino in type II seesaw scenarios , taking into account flavour-dependent effects .	In the type II seesaw mechanism , in addition to the type I seesaw contribution , an additional direct mass term for the light neutrinos is present .
The survey covers approximately 3.2x the cluster half-mass radius at 3.6 , 4.5 , 5.8 , 8 , and 24 microns , resulting in a catalog of over 40,000 point-sources in the cluster .	Approximately 140 cluster members ranging 1.5 dex in metallicity show a red excess at 24 microns , indicative of circumstellar dust .
In the comoving frame , it can be interpreted as a monopole current attached to the TI surface .	The same mechanism gives the Hall response and deflection of the electron beam injected to the surface of insulating ferromagnet .
However , in recent decades it has been increasingly often alleged that the data-analysis of the expedition 's leaders was faulty and biased in favor of Einstein 's theory .	Arthur Stanley Eddington is particularly alleged to have been prejudiced in favor of general relativity .
{ \it Intrinsic } ( heating-free ) response is Ohmic in the normal state of Bi2212 , while its resistance , R=V/I , is found to be a good practical measure of the mean temperature of the sample in the overheated case .	A self-heating model proposed for the latter case provides a qualitative and quantitative description of key findings of intrinsic tunnelling spectroscopy including ( pseudo ) gaps , quasiparticle and normal state resistances .
Unlike our previous targets , NGC 3384/NGC 3368 in the Leo I group and NGC 5574/NGC 5576 in LGG379 , NGC 3623 and NGC 3627 do not appear to experience a synchronous evolution .	The mean ages of their circumnuclear stellar populations are quite different , and the magnesium overabundance of the nucleus in NGC 3627 is evidence for a very brief last star formation event 1 Gyr ago whereas the evolution of the central part of NGC 3623 looks more quiescent .
The critical temperature ( Tc ) remained largely unchanged with Al doping .	For 1 - 2.5 at. % doping , at 20K the in-field critical current densities ( Jc 's ) were enhanced , particularly at lower fields .
A family of insulating iridates with chemical formula Li $ _2 $ IrO $ _3 $ has recently been discovered , featuring three distinct crystal structures $ \alpha , \beta , \gamma $ ( honeycomb , hyperhoneycomb , stripyhoneycomb ) .	Measurements on the three-dimensional polytypes , $ \beta $ - and $ \gamma $ -Li $ _2 $ IrO $ _3 $ , found that they magnetically order into remarkably similar spiral phases , exhibiting a non-coplanar counter-rotating spiral magnetic order with equivalent q=0.57 wavevectors .
Two models are presented : ( 1 ) a three-stage model of pre-shock , shocked , and post-shock gas ; and ( 2 ) a Monte-Carlo cloud simulation where we explore the effects of stochastic shock activity on molecular gas over a cloud lifetime .	In agreement with previous studies , we find that shock velocities in excess of 10 km s^-1 are required to convert all of the oxygen not locked in CO into H2O before the gas has an opportunity to cool .
The upper frequency is fitted by a rotating hotspot near the inner edge of the disc , which is produced by the energy transferred from the BH to the disc , and the lower frequency is fitted by another rotating hotspot somewhere away from the inner edge of the disc , which arises from the screw instability of the magnetic field on the disc .	It turns out that the 3:2 frequency ratio of HFQPOs in these X-ray binaries could be well fitted to the observational data with a much narrower range of the BH spin .
Moreover , this compound construction can be used to generate nested codes that are simultaneously good as source and channel codes , and are hence well-suited to source/channel coding with side information .	The sparse and high-girth graphical structure of our constructions render them well-suited to message-passing encoding .
We revisit an extension of the MSSM by adding a hypercharge-neutral , SU ( 2 ) -triplet chiral superfield .	Similar to the NMSSM , the triplet gives an additional contribution to the quartic coupling in the Higgs potential , and the mass of the lightest CP-even Higgs boson can be greater than tne mass of the Z-bosn at tree-level .
The issues of disk stability and lifetime are also discussed .	We conclude that for protostars of less than ~20 solar masses , disks with mass comparable to that of the central star are common .
We report results of 75As nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) and nuclear quadrupole resonance ( NQR ) experiments as well as 7Li NMR on different samples of self flux grown LiFeAs and 5 % Co doped LiFeAs single crystals , and a polycrystalline LiFeAs sample .	We were able to distinguish the samples by their slightly different quadrupole frequencies , $ \nu_Q $ , which is a direct measure of the electric field gradient ( EFG ) at the As site .
Two cases of large wireless networks are studied -- dense random networks and constant density ( extended ) random networks .	In addition , we also study finite size regular networks in order to understand how regularity in node placement affects energy consumption .
The strength of the $ \Delta $ isoscalar potential affects the height of the $ \pi^-/\pi^+ $ ratio around the Coulomb peak but does not affect the kinetic energy integrating ratio of $ \pi^-/\pi^+ $ .	In heavy-ion collisions at intermediate energies , relating to the question of non-conservation of energy on $ \Delta $ or $ \pi $ productions , one can replace the $ \Delta $ potential by nucleon isoscalar potential especially a soft symmetry energy is employed .
We find a variety of outcomes including quasi-equilibrium , localized runaway , and nova-like runaway .	Our results suggest the double detonation progenitor model is promising , that 3D , dynamic convection plays a key role , and that these systems warrant further study .
This claim is examined carefully , with the goal of clarifying the exact relationship between causal models and Lewis 's framework .	Recursive models are shown to correspond precisely to a subclass of ( possible-world ) counterfactual structures .
This method is demonstrated with an almost perfect Lorentz line-shape for the obtained ISHE signal and the frequency independent SHA value as predicted by theory .	By varying the Pt thickness , the SHA and spin-diffusion length of Pt is quantified as 0.012 ( 0.001 ) and 8.3 ( 0.9 ) nm , respectively .
Correlation corrections were included for all cluster sizes using the Coulomb-Hartree-Fock ( CHF ) model proposed by Clementi .	The results obtained compare favorably to the experimental data and other previous theoretical studies .
We consider the integrable Camassa -- Holm hierarchy on the line with positive initial data rapidly decaying at infinity .	It is known that flows of the hierarchy can be formulated in a Hamiltonian form using two compatible Poisson brackets .
However , cameras are high data-rate sensors while wireless infrastructures used for vehicular communications may face performance constraints .	Thus , data redundancy mitigation is of paramount importance in such systems .
We show that the two schemes are essentially equivalent through the map that turns out to be an automorphism .	An associated equivalent class of operator-splitting integrations is also defined by generalizing the specified equivalence .
Recently it has been suggested that the `` twin-CME '' scenario Li.etal2012 may be a very effective mechanism in causing extreme Solar Energetic Particle ( SEP ) events and in particular Ground Level Enhancement ( GLE ) events .	Ding.etal2013 performed a statistical examination of the twin-CME scenario with a total of $ 126 $ fast and wide western Coronal Mass Ejections ( CMEs ) .
NS proposed the concept of the metastate ( a probability distribution over infinite-size Gibbs states in a given sample that captures the effects of chaotic size dependence ) and a non-standard interpretation of the RSB results in which the metastate is non-trivial and is responsible for what was called non-self-averaging .	Here we use the effective field theory of RSB , in conjunction with the rigorous definitions of pure states and the metastate in infinite-size systems , to show that the non-standard picture follows directly from the RSB mean-field theory .
Once this has been shown , it 's natural to ask how many summands are needed .	Using a continued fraction approach , Lekkerkerker proved that the average number of such summands needed for integers in $ [ F_n , F_ { n+1 } ) $ is $ n / ( \varphi^2 + 1 ) + O ( 1 ) $ , where $ \varphi = \frac { 1+\sqrt { 5 } } 2 $ is the golden mean .
Occupancy of new habitats through dispersion is a central process in nature .	In particular , long range dispersal is involved in the spread of species and epidemics , although it has not been previously related with cancer invasion , a process that involves spread to new tissues .
We find significant numbers of galaxies that have stellar masses exceeding 10^8 Mo by z=8 , with metallicities in the range of one-tenth solar .	These galaxies are just beyond the reach of current near-infrared surveys , but should be found in large numbers by next-generation programs .
It covers wide ranges of fundamental parameters : Teff : 50,000 K to 2000 K , log g : 5.5 to -1.02 , and [ M/H ] : +1.0 to -5.0 .	A correction procedure is also applied to the theoretical spectra in order to provide color-calibrated flux distributions over a large domain of effective temperatures .
We concentrate on the indecomposable rational linear representations $ V_n $ of dimension $ n+1 $ of the additive group of a field of characteristic zero , and decompose the separating variety into the union of irreducible components .	We show that if $ n $ is odd , divisible by four , or equal to two , the closure of the graph of the action , which has dimension $ n+2 $ , is the only component of the separating variety .
Here d_K is a positive number depending only on K. Either of these new results implies another conjecture of Erdos and Graham , that if S is a finite set of moduli greater than N , with a choice for residue classes r ( n ) mod n for n in S which covers the integers , then the largest member of S can not be O ( N ) .	We further obtain stronger forms of these results and establish other information , including an improvement of a related theorem of Haight .
The angular power spectrum of the signal from dark matter annihilation tends to be flatter than that from astrophysical radio backgrounds .	Furthermore , radio source counts have comparable constraining power .
respectively to be relic radio sources .	We estimate the ages of the lobes .
The method exploits a membrane system where a substance of interest is transported in a solvent from one vessel to another across a thin membrane which plays here only an auxiliary role .	Using such a system , we experimentally study a diffusion of glucose and sucrose in a gel solvent .
We investigate the large deviation function pi ( w ) for the fluctuations of the power W ( t ) =w t , integrated over a time t , injected by a homogeneous random driving into a granular gas , in the infinite time limit .	Starting from a generalized Liouville equation we obtain an equation for the generating function of the cumulants mu ( lambda ) which appears as a generalization of the inelastic Boltzmann equation and has a clear physical interpretation .
However , the direct torque control method has still some handicaps against the other control methods and most of the important of these handicaps is high torque ripple .	This paper suggests a new approach , Fuzzy logic based space vector modulation , on the direct torque controlled induction motors and aim of the approach is to overcome high torque ripple disadvantages of conventional direct torque control .
We find that the required correction to the Balmer and metal absorption-line strengths for old , metal-poor stars does not significantly affect the inferred age of the stellar population when the Hbeta strength is large .	Intermediate-aged populations are therefore still needed to explain enhanced Balmer-line strengths in early-type galaxies .
ARGO-YBJ is facing open problems in Cosmic Ray ( CR ) physics in different ways .	The search for CR sources is carried out by the observation of TeV gamma-ray sources both galactic and extra-galactic .
We investigate a four-state system interacting with long and short laser pulses in a weak probe beam approximation .	We show that when all lasers are tuned to the exact unperturbed resonances , part of the four-wave mixing ( FWM ) field is strongly absorbed .
We propose a fast algorithm for covariance smoothing using leave-one-subject-out cross validation .	Our simulations demonstrate that the proposed method compares favorably against several commonly used methods .
\cite { HSt } and \cite { HS } ) .	Here we prove that this is true if and only if $ H^i_I ( R ) = 0 , i = n , n -1 $ provided $ c \geq 2 $ and $ R/I $ has an isolated singularity resp .
Manipulating atom-field interaction on a certain transition by applying drive fields on nearby coupled transitions leads to interesting effects in the absorption spectrum of the weak probe field .	We exploit this fact and employ a four-level system with three driving fields and a weak probe field , where one of the drive fields is a standing-wave field of a cavity .
Ultraviolet divergences are cut-off using Pauli-Villars regularization so as to respect 5D gauge and general coordinate invariance .	The structure of these divergences on branes and in the bulk is elucidated by a 5D position-space analysis .
A number of these features is discussed in combination with examples .	In addition the distribution contains a number of general purpose packages .
We have examined the influence of chaos and noise on the front propagation speed and on the wandering of the front around its average position .	Assuming that the reaction term acts periodically in an impulsive way , the dynamical evolution of the system can be written as the convolution between a spatial propagator and a discrete-time map acting locally .
Because the critical density for collisional de-excitation of the ^ { 1 } D { _2 } level in NII is lower than that of the same level in OIII , the deviations of the measured intensity ratios from those expected for T_ { [ OIII ] } = T_ { [ NII ] } in the low density limit are unlikely to result from collisional de-excitation .	The measured values of T_ { [ OIII ] } and the differences between T_ { [ OIII ] } and T_ { [ NII ] } are very similar to those found in Galactic planetary nebulae .
The search uses data corresponding to 2.0/fb of integrated luminosity from p-pbar collisions at a center-of-mass energy of sqrt ( s ) =1.96 TeV , collected with the CDF II detector at the Fermilab Tevatron .	From 6,697,466 events with a photon candidate with transverse energy ET & gt ; 25 GeV , we find 617 events with missing transverse energy & gt ; 25 GeV and two or more jets with ET & gt ; 15 GeV , at least one identified as originating from a b quark , versus an expectation of 607+- 113 events .
These include a scale invariant version of the classical ( Poisson ) Boolean model of stochastic geometry and ( for d=2 ) the Brownian loop soup introduced by Lawler and Werner .	The models lead to random fractal sets whose connectivity properties depend on a parameter lambda .
The uniaxial and biaxial orientational configurations of the azobenzene chromophores are detected .	The biaxiality is observed in the intermediate stages of irradiation , whereas the uniaxial structure is maintained in the photosaturated state .
The activity resembles an increased activity seen in some intermediate polars or candidates .	We identified NSV 10934 , X-ray selected high-amplitude variable star , as a dwarf nova with unusually rapid decline .
We have also presented the N-S and E-W asymmetry of different intensity classes ( B , C , M , and X ) during the period of investigation .	A slight southern and eastern excess is found after analysis during SC 21 , 22 , and 23 .
By definition $ \lambda ( Y ) = \bigcap_ { n & lt ; \omega } cl_ { \beta X } ( U_n\cap X ) \backslash X $ , where $ Y=X\cup\ { p\ } \in { \mathcal E } ( X ) $ and $ \ { U_n\ } _ { n & lt ; \omega } $ is an open base at $ p $ in $ Y $ .	Answering the question of [ HJW ] , we characterize the elements of the image of $ \lambda $ as exactly those non-empty zero-sets of $ \beta X $ which miss $ X $ , and the elements of the image of $ { \mathcal E } _K ( X ) $ under $ \lambda $ , as those which are moreover clopen in $ \beta X\backslash X $ .
Here we provide a positive answer for a tractable model system : a coupled dimer .	After exhaustively enumerating the Liouville pathways associated to each peak in the 2D-ES , we argue that by judiciously combining the information from a series of experiments varying the polarization and frequency components of the pulses , detailed information at the amplitude level about the input and output quantum states at the waiting time can be obtained .
This product is totally associative up to a permutation s_k of order k ( we call this property a s_k-totally associativity ) .	When p=2 and q=1 , we obtain a ( 2k+1 ) -ary product on the space of bilinear maps on E with values on E , which is identified to the cubic matrices .
Lacking a band gap largely limits the application of graphene in electronic devices .	Previous study shows that grain boundaries ( GBs ) in polycrystalline graphene can dramatically alter the electrical properties of graphene .
By using linear maps of smaller disc onto the unit disc we can generate a self-similar Cantor set $ G $ .	Then $ \G=\bigcap_n\G_n $ .
We accept the Kirchhoff hypotheses and assume that the stiffness and damping coefficients are $ C^1 $ functions of the $ L_2 $ -norm of the gradient of the displacement .	We first prove the existence and uniqueness of weak solutions and study their properties for a rather wide class of nonlinearities which covers the case of possible degeneration ( or even negativity ) of the stiffness coefficient and the case of a supercritical source term .
In this report , we describe a recent development in a Fermi liquid theory for the Kondo effect in quantum dots under a finite bias voltage $ V $ .	Applying the microscopic theory of Yamada and Yosida to a nonequilibrium steady state , we derive the Ward identities for the Keldysh Green 's function , and determine the low-energy behavior of the differential conductance $ dI/dV $ exactly up to terms of order $ ( eV ) ^2 $ for the symmetric Anderson model .
The behavior of observed dust aggregates is analyzed both by studying the particle trajectories and by employing computer models examining 3D structures of aggregates and their interactions and rotations as induced by torques arising from their dipole moments .	These allow the basic characteristics of the dust aggregates , such as the electrostatic charge and dipole moment , to be determined .
This effect is related to the gyrotropic properties of the structures .	It is shown that inter-subband absorption of linearly polarized radiation may lead to spin-related as well as spin independent photocurrents if an external magnetic field is applied in the plane of the quantum well .
We then show how these methods can be extended to infinite dimensional Navier-Stokes systems using robust optimization techniques .	Crucially , this extension requires only the solution of infinite-dimensional linear eigenvalue problems and finite-dimensional sum-of-squares optimization problems .
Galaxies classified as SAB or SB tend to show radial CO profiles that peak sharply in the inner ~20 arcsec , indicative of bar-driven inflow .	The observed Schmidt law index of ~1.5 may result from a nearly linear relation between SFR and H_2 mass coupled with a modest dependence of the molecular gas fraction on the total gas density .
We consider the problem of allocating applicants to courses , where each applicant has a subset of acceptable courses that she ranks in strict order of preference .	Each applicant and course has a capacity , indicating the maximum number of courses and applicants they can be assigned to , respectively .
We propose a method which aim at assessing how much an agent 's behaviour looks like humans ' behaviours .	By representing behaviours with vectors , we can store data computed for humans and then evaluate as many agents as needed without further need of humans .
We also consider a more compact wave function parameterization ( $ \Lambda $ +SD-CI ) , which is based on a small $ \Lambda $ -CI reference and adds a selection of all the singly and doubly excited determinants generated from it .	We report two heuristic algorithms to build $ \Lambda $ -CI wave functions .
We study resonant response of an underdamped nanomechanical resonator with fluctuating frequency .	The fluctuations are due to diffusion of molecules or microparticles along the resonator .
Their proof of decidability yields a co_NP upper bound , but apparently not much more is known about the complexity of the problem .	In this paper we give an alternative proof of decidability , which follows the basic strategy of Harju and Karhumaki but replaces their use of group theory with results on matrix algebras .
We also give an analytic reformulation of these results by means of the characteristic ( L\ ' { e } vy-Khintchine ) exponent of the process .	The result applies to the time-dependent ( non-autonomous ) Kato class .
From our conductance measurements we are able to identify bosonic resonances for each doping .	These excitations disappear above the critical temperature , and above the critical magnetic field .
We explore this duality and show that the harmonic gauge allows presenting an accelerated metric in an elegant form that depends only on two harmonic potentials .	It also allows reconstruction of the spatial structure of the post-Galilean coordinate transformation functions relating inertial and accelerating frames .
This is related to the idea of hash-consing .	I describe the concept of interning atoms and discuss the issues around interning ground structured terms , motivating why tabling Prolog systems may change the cost-benefit tradeoffs from those of traditional Prolog systems .
The most luminous galaxies in our sample ( -21.0 & gt ; M_NUV & gt ; -22.5 ) evolve very rapidly with a number density declining as ( 1+z ) ^ { 5\pm 1 } from redshift z = 0.9 to z = 0.6 .	These starburst galaxies ( M_NUV & lt ; -21 is approximately a star formation rate of 30 \msuny ) contribute about 1 per cent of cosmic star formation over the redshift range z=0.6 to z=0.9 .
Due to the global hyperbolicity , the global Cauchy problem is well-posed in the fonctional framework associated with the energy .	We perform a complete spectral analysis that allows to get an explicit form of the solutions in terms of special functions .
In general , we find a line strengthening in the presence of temperature inhomogeneities as a consequence of the non-linear temperature dependence of the line opacity .	For many lines of practical relevance , the magnitude of the abundance correction may be estimated from interpolation in the tables and graphs provided with this paper .
A high pumping speed is required in neutral beam injectors to minimise re-ionisation of the neutral beams .	The neutral beam injectors on MAST use titanium sublimation pumps .
An automaton is called synchronizing if there exists a word which sends all states of the automaton to a single state .	In the present paper we study connections between spectral and synchronizing properties of digraphs .
Although ALM has shown that it acts well in dynamic environments , its operators can not support it very well in complex situations due to losing data .	Thus ALM can find better membership functions if more appropriate operators be chosen for it .
We study higher-order conservation laws of the non-linearizable elliptic Poisson equation $ \frac { { \partial } ^2 u } { \partial z \partial \bar { z } } = -f ( u ) $ as elements of the characteristic cohomology of the associated exterior differential system .	The theory of characteristic cohomology determines a normal form for differentiated conservation laws by realizing them as elements of the kernel of a linear differential operator .
Each of them has some lacking .	We discussed about the problem scope of currently existing Bangla OCR 's .
We prove that the tradeoff between storage cost and retrieval/download cost depends on the number of data records in the system .	We also propose a fairly general class of linear storage codes and retrieval schemes and derive conditions under which our retrieval schemes are error-free and private .
We derive explicit upper and lower bounds for the `critical ' coupling strength as well as for wave velocities .	We also study the special case of uniform coupling , in which complete analytical results on the rotating waves can be achieved .
's `` Cascaded Slepian-Wolf Source Coding '' and Tuncel 's `` Slepian-Wolf Coding over Broadcast Channels '' .	We prove a separation theorem for the special case of two nodes ; that is , we show that a modular code architecture with separate source and channel coding functions is ( asymptotically ) optimal .
We prove that the class of such groups is recursively enumerable .	We describe an algorithm that , given a finite presentation of a residually free group , constructs a canonical embedding into a direct product of finitely many limit groups .
Such functions appear preferentially in published models of such networks .	Recently , this concept has been generalized to include multi-state functions , and a recursive formula has been derived for their number , as a function of the number of variables .
It has been known for many years that there are , in the Magellanic Clouds , significant numbers of large amplitude variables which have considerably higher luminosities than the period-luminosity relation would predict .	Many of these can be shown to be undergoing hot bottom burning .
But Bose Gase with weak pair interaction is so general system that it is evident that the majority of statistical mechanics systems are non ergodic too .	It is also has been shown that it is possible to generalize the scheme of standard statistical mechanics and thermodynamics to take into account non ergodicity .
Semiconductor quantum wires constitute a promising thermoelectric material because of the increase of the electronic density of states in low-dimensional materials .	We studied the magnetic-field-dependent resistance and Seebeck coefficient of a high-density network of 6-nm-diameter wires of Bi and of Bi ( 1-x ) Te ( x ) , x=0.0014 , in porous Vycor glass .
We also suggest that these star-forming galaxies can subsequently be transformed into poststarburst galaxies , with their spatial distribution within the cluster being different to the rest of its population .	We discuss whether this possible merger-induced enhancement in the number of star-forming and post-star-forming cluster galaxies is consistent with the observed evolution of galaxies in merging clusters .
The most probable gamma-ray energy was ~1 TeV and the trigger rate was as high as 400 Hz .	We have developed an efficient technique for searching the entire sky for short duration bursts of TeV photons .
We study particle creation in the presence of bulk viscosity of cosmic fluid in the early universe within the framework of open thermodynamical systems .	Since the first-order theory of non-equilibrium thermodynamics is non-causal and unstable , we try to solve the bulk viscosity equation of the cosmic fluid with particle creation through the full causal theory .
Typical analyses of numerical methods for stochastic differential equations focus on properties such as the weak order which estimates the asymptotic ( stepsize $ h \to 0 $ ) convergence behavior of the error of finite time averages .	Recently it has been demonstrated , by study of Fokker-Planck operators , that a non-Markovian numerical method [ Leimkuhler and Matthews , 2013 ; Leimkuhler et al. , 2013 ] generates approximations in the long time limit with higher accuracy order ( 2nd order ) than would be expected from its weak convergence analysis ( finite-time averages are 1st order accurate ) .
Aerosol optical characteristics AOD and \AA ngstr\ '' om exponent is often used to asses environmental aerosol loading .	AOD or Aerosol Optical Depth is an indirect measure of atmospheric aerosol loading by means of total extinction of incoming solar radiation due to scattering and absorption whereas \AA ngstr\ '' om exponent ( $ \alpha ) $ is used to get qualitative understanding of aerosol particle size .
On the other hand , when extra fermions have different masses , the GCU can be realized around $ \sqrt { 8 \pi } M_ { Pl } $ .	By this extension , the vacuum can become stable up to the Planck scale .
We propose a low Mach number , Godunov-type finite volume scheme for the numerical solution of the compressible Euler equations of gas dynamics .	The scheme combines Klein 's non-stiff/stiff decomposition of the fluxes ( J. Comput.Phys .
We find QPOs in the 4 - 9 Hz range , enhanced time lags and reduced coherence during the state transition .	We also observe a shift in the peak frequency of the noise component with energy during the transition .
Proper motions were measured with an accuracy of ~0.1 mas/yr ( ~4 km/s ) at F606W~25.5 mag , and better than ~0.5 mas/yr ( 20 km/s ) at F606W~28 mag , in both axes .	Proper-motion measurements allowed us to separate disk and bulge stars and obtain a clean bulge color-magnitude diagram .
The [ Si VI ] coronal line , with a 167 eV excitation potential , is also spatially unresolved with a velocity width comparable to that of the broad component of the Pa-alpha emission .	The low velocity component of the Pa-alpha emission is seen to be rotating , and is extended over about 2 kpc .
Under boundedness assumptions on the coefficients , we show that the first component of the solution is Lipschitz in space and 1/2-H\ '' older in time with respect to the initial data of the forward process .	Its path is continuous before the time horizon at which its left-limit is given by a face-lifted version of its natural boundary condition .
When using such a scoring function , it is appropriate for the heuristic search algorithm to search over equivalence classes of Bayesian networks as opposed to individual structures .	We present the general formulation of a search space for which the states of the search correspond to equivalence classes of structures .
It is found that the maximal pairing gap \Delta_ { max } is 1-2 MeV , which has a strong correlation with the Dirac effective mass .	Hence we suggest that it serves as a guide to narrow down parameter sets of the relativistic effective field theory .
Under some conditions discussed in details , the number of random realizations of the solution , required for a successful approximation , grows linearly with respect to the number of random inputs .	The construction of the separated representation is achieved via a regularized alternating least-squares regression , together with an error indicator to estimate model parameters .
It is known that stability of a fluid model implies positive ( Harris ) recurrence ( stability ) of a corresponding stochastic queueing network , and weak stability implies rate stability of a corresponding stochastic network .	These results have been established both for cases of specific scheduling policies and for the class of all work conserving policies .
In this work , cosmological observables over the full ULA mass range are computed , and then used to search for evidence of ULAs using CMB data from the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) , Planck satellite , Atacama Cosmology Telescope , and South Pole Telescope , as well as galaxy clustering data from the WiggleZ galaxy-redshift survey .	In the mass range 10^ { -32 } eV & lt ; m & lt ; 10^ { -25.5 } eV , the axion relic-density \Omega_ { a } ( relative to the total dark-matter relic density \Omega_ { d } ) must obey the constraints \Omega_ { a } /\Omega_ { d } & lt ; 0.05 and \Omega_ { a } h^ { 2 } & lt ; 0.006 at 95 % -confidence .
We study the effect of lower dimensional geometry on the frequencies of the collective oscillations of a Bose-Einstein condensate confined in a trap .	To study the effect of two dimensional geometry we consider a pancake-shaped condensate confined in a harmonic trap and employ various models for the coupling constant depending on the thickness of the condensate relative to the the value of the scattering length .
Two distinct behaviours are identified .	We analytically demonstrate that all types of Abelian anyons localise purely due to the statistical phases induced by their random anyonic environment .
The trajectories of diffusing water molecules are directly sampled , using random `walkers ' .	By counting how many of these trajectories intersect the surface of the ice particle ( which may be any shape ) and how many escape outside a spherical boundary far from the particle , the capacitance of a number of model ice particle habits have been estimated , including hexagonal columns and plates , `scalene ' columns and plates , bullets , bullet-rosettes , dendrites , and realistic aggregate snowflakes .
Radiative transfer codes are used to generate synthetic spectro-images of [ Fe III ] emission line structures at various observed orbital phases and STIS slit position angles ( PAs ) .	Through a parameter study that varies the orbital inclination i , the PA { \theta } that the orbital plane projection of the line-of-sight makes with the apastron side of the semi-major axis , and the PA on the sky of the orbital axis , we are able , for the first time , to tightly constrain the absolute 3-D orientation of the binary orbit .
We single out a particular kind of relationship which we call `` diagonal ( or transitive ) link '' : given 2 relations between the couples of elements AB and respectively BC , the `` diagonal link '' is the ( composite ) relation AC .	We find that the diagonal links are strongly and systematically correlated with the events in the story that are considered crucial by the experts .
We calculate the power spectrum , spectral index , and running spectral index for inflationary patch cosmology arisen from Gauss-Bonnet braneworld scenario using the Mukhanov equation .	This patch cosmology consists of Gauss-Bonnet ( GB ) , Randall-Sundrum ( RS-II ) , and four dimensional ( 4D ) cosmological models .
We find that sneutrinos in the mass range from 50GeV to more than 1 TeV can be consistent with both the WMAP limit and the direct detection upper limits .	Powerful constraints from new gauge boson searches at the LHC as well as from $ \Delta M_s $ are incorporated .
A comparison with the effective potential calculated at quadratic order is made by means of gaussian wave functionals .	The method is a particular case of the effective action for composite operators used in quantum field theory .
We prove some de Rham theorems on bounded subanalytic submanifolds of $ \R^n $ ( not necessarily compact ) .	We show that the $ L^1 $ cohomology of such a submanifold is isomorphic to its singular homology .
A Hopf texture is a vacuum field configuration of isovector fields which is an onto map from the space as a large three sphere to the vacuum manifold $ S^2 $ .	We construct a Hopf texture with spherically symmetric energy density and discuss the topological charge .
For the pion GPD , also the isospin symmetry constraint is fulfilled .	The influence of kinematical variables and model parameters on the support of the GPDs is investigated .
Additionally , our previous results are summarized which includes the construction of the Fedosov star-product on dS/AdS .	One of the goals of these results was to verify that DQ gave the same results as previous analyses of these spaces .
Our probabilistic estimates for the norms of standard Gaussian random Toeplitz matrices are within a factor of 1.4143 from those in the circulant case .	We also achieve partial progress in estimating the norms of Toeplitz inverses .
IceCube is sensitive to muons with energies above ~500 GeV at the surface , which provides an efficient veto system for hadronic air showers with energies above 1 PeV .	One year of data from the 40-string IceCube configuration was used to perform a search for point sources and a Galactic diffuse signal .
In this paper we consider the treatment efficacy as a dynamic variable which evolves during the treatment .	To model the dynamics of the drug efficacy we use an evolutive type assumption .
We refer to this phenomenon as supercatalysis .	We provide results on the properties of supercatalysis and its relationship with catalysis .
The numerical calculations , performed using both truncated Wigner and exact $ +P $ phase-space methods , include nonlinear and stochastic Raman effects , through coupling to phonons variables .	The simulations reveal that excess phase noise , such as from depolarising GAWBS , affects squeezing at low input energies , while Raman effects cause a marked deterioration of squeezing at higher energies and longer fibre lengths .
SPLASH ( the Southern Parkes Large-Area Survey in Hydroxyl ) is a sensitive , unbiased and fully-sampled survey of the Southern Galactic Plane and Galactic Centre in all four ground-state transitions of the hydroxyl ( OH ) radical .	The survey provides a deep census of 1612- , 1665- , 1667- and 1720-MHz OH absorption and emission from the Galactic ISM , and is also an unbiased search for maser sources in these transitions .
is best understood as a Darboux transformation .	If it leads to the Lax pair of the PDE under study , the B\ '' acklund transformation follows by an elimination , thus proving the integrability .
Astronomy has entered the Big Data era .	Astrophysical Virtual Observatories and Computational Astrophysics play an important role in using and analysis of big data for new discoveries .
We show that a large-scale , weak magnetic field threading a turbulent accretion disk tends to be advected inward , contrary to previous suggestions that it will be stopped by outward diffusion .	The efficient inward transport is a consequence of the diffuse , magnetically-dominated surface layers of the disk , where the turbulence is suppressed and the conductivity is very high .
The final Global Seismic Hazard Assessment Program ( GSHAP ) results and the most recent version of Seismic Hazard Harmonization in Europe ( SHARE ) project maps , along with the reference hazard maps for the Italian seismic code , all obtained by probabilistic seismic hazard assessment ( PSHA ) , are cross-compared to the three ground shaking maps based on the duly physically and mathematically rooted neo-deterministic approach ( NDSHA ) .	These eight hazard maps for Italy are tested against the available data on ground shaking .
In this work we show in which circumstances one runs into an unphysical solution , and we indicate how one can overcome this problem .	Moreover , we solve the puzzle of when and why the interacting Green 's function does not unambiguously determine the underlying system , given in terms of its potential , or non-interacting Green 's function .
Energy in nuclear matter is , in practice , completely characterized at different densities and asymmetries , when the density dependencies of symmetry energy and of energy of symmetric matter are specified .	The density dependence of the symmetry energy at subnormal densities produces mass dependence of nuclear symmetry coefficient and , thus , can be constrained by that latter dependence .
Except for the unique case of BT Mon ( nova 1939 ) , all nova ejecta mass determinations depend on untested assumptions and multi-parameter modeling .	The remarkably simple assumption of equipartition between kinetic and radiated energy ( E_kin and E_rad , respectively ) in nova ejecta has been invoked as a way around this conundrum for the ultra-luminous red variable in M31 .
Taking advantage of the essentially one-dimensional nature of tidal streams , the transformation to position-velocity coordinates can be linearized and interpolated near a small number of points along the stream , thus allowing for efficient computations of a stream 's properties in observable quantities .	I illustrate how to calculate the stream 's average location ( its `` track '' ' ) in different coordinate systems , how to quickly estimate the dispersion around its track , and how to draw mock stream data .
We present a general computational theory of cancer and its developmental dynamics .	The theory is based on a theory of the architecture and function of developmental control networks which guide the formation of multicellular organisms .
An action of $ G $ on $ S $ is a pair $ ( \widetilde { S } , f ) $ , where $ f $ is a representation of $ G $ in the group of orientation preserving autohomeomorphisms of $ \widetilde { S } $ .	Two actions $ ( \widetilde { S } , f ) $ and $ ( \widetilde { S^ { \prime } } , f^ { \prime } ) $ are called strongly ( resp .
We presented a study on the Galactic bubble N4 using the 13.7 m millimeter telescope of Purple Mountain Observatory at the Qinghai Station .	N4 is one of the science demonstration regions for the Milky Way Imaging Scroll Painting ( WMISP ) .
One particular class of metamodels is studied : the Gaussian process model that is characterized by its mean and covariance functions .	A specific estimation procedure is developed to adjust a Gaussian process model in complex cases ( non linear relations , highly dispersed or discontinuous output , high dimensional input , inadequate sampling designs , ... ) .
Recent observations support the idea that nuclear black holes grew by gas accretion while shining as luminous quasars at high redshift , and they establish a relation of the black hole mass with the host galaxy 's spheroidal stellar system .	We develop an analytic model to calculate the expected impact of mergers on the masses of black holes in massive clusters of galaxies .
I use a different definition of the moving particle as the state with definite velocity v ( DV ) .	It is shown that in this case the decay law is not dilated .
To use the LHC potential , first of all , one should select the parton-level ( sub ) processes ( and final-state signatures ) that are most sensitive to the intrinsic heavy quark contributions .	To this end inclusive production of $ c ( b ) $ -jets accompanied by photons is considered .
The I band OGLE-II light curves are used to create models of the DEBs , which together with the VVV photometry are compared with a set of theoretical isochrones .	After correcting for stellar reddening , we find a set of absolute physical parameters of components of a given binary , including absolute magnitudes and distances .
Several distinct regimes are put in evidence .	For poorly substituted ( mainly hydrophilic ) copolymers formation of micelles is observed , either isolated or connected by the hydrophilic moieties , depending on concentration and chain length .
We describe the various methods used to assign distances extracted from the literature , and solve the distance ambiguities towards ~200 sources located within the Solar circle using archival HI data .	These distances are used to calculate bolometric luminosities and estimate the survey completeness ( ~2x10^4 lsun ) .
This naturally gives rise to a feedback mechanism between the field and the geometry .	We develop a systematic model for the feedback in a general form , inspired by a specific implementation in the context of molecular dynamics ( the so-called Rahman-Parrinello molecular dynamics , or RP-MD ) .
The detailed analysis of nonperturbative contributions to the electromagnetic quark form factor is presented considering the structure of the instanton induced effects in the evolution equation describing the high energy behaviour of the form factor .	It is shown that the instantons yield in high energy limit the logarithmic corrections to the amplitudes which are exponentiated in small instanton density parameter .
Also , the supernovae volume energy loss rates from electron-positron and photon-photon annihilation to tensor unparticles are calculated .	The constraints from matter density and supernovae volume energy loss rates from photon-photon annihilation are on the same order of magnitude , while the bounds from supernovae volume energy loss rates from electron-positron annihilation are an order of magnitude lower .
The crucial point in our study is an assumption of the finite size of the magnetoelectric sample , which allows us to reduce the calculation of the momenta and forces of the electromagnetic waves acting on the sample to the vacuum region outside of the medium .	In this framework , we demonstrate that , in contrast to Feigel , the total force caused by the virtual is zero , with an appropriate count of the modes that should be taken into account in this effect .
If the cost function is of a particular form , the equation is vulnerable to standard optimal transportation PDE techniques , with some modifications to deal with the new terms .	We give some conditions on the problem from which we can conclude that solutions are smooth .
The data used in the analysis correspond to an integrated luminosity of 19.7 inverse femtobarns recorded in proton-proton collisions at sqrt ( s ) = 8 TeV by the CMS experiment at the LHC .	The search is performed in the process t t-bar to W+/- b H-/+ b-bar , where the W boson decays to a lepton ( electron or muon ) and a neutrino .
However , very little is known about the development of the instability and whether its nonlinear time evolution accords to the linear intuition .	For the first time , we attack this problem by studying the impact of gravitational-wave emission and gas accretion on the evolution of the instability .
We define a quasi -- projective reduction of a complex algebraic variety $ X $ to be a regular map from $ X $ to a quasi -- projective variety that is universal with respect to regular maps from $ X $ to quasi -- projective varieties .	A toric quasi -- projective reduction is the analogous notion in the category of toric varieties .
Annexins are a family of proteins that bind to anionic phospholipid membranes in a Ca2+-dependent manner .	Annexin A2 forms heterotetramers ( Anx A2t ) with the S100A10 ( p11 ) protein dimer .
It is shown that for magnetic fields B greater than some critical field B_c ( B_c ~ .001 - 2 Tesla for the systems studied here ) , the z-polarization of the electron spin can not relax , and hence T_1 is infinite .	However , even at high fields dephasing can still occur .
The ACIPs represent the average temporal and spectral properties of these events equally in the observer frame of reference and in the co-moving frames of outbursting emitters .	The parameters are determined separately for rise fronts and for back slopes of bursts , defined as the time profiles before and after the main peaks , respectively .
In the notoriously difficult realm of finite-temperature low-frequency dynamics , usually inaccessible to both NRG and perturbative methods , we show that progress can be made by a suitable renormalization procedure in the framework of the Callan-Symanzik equations .	Our general strategy can be extended to other zero-temperature phase transitions , both in quantum impurity models and bulk systems .
Our simulations incorporate observationally reconstructed large-scale surface magnetic maps , suggesting that the complexity of the magnetic field can play an important role in the angular momentum evolution of the star , possibly explaining the large distribution of periods in field dM stars , as reported in recent works .	In spite of the diversity of the magnetic field topologies among the stars in our sample , we find that stellar wind flowing near the ( rotational ) equatorial plane carries most of the stellar angular momentum , but there is no preferred colatitude contributing to mass loss , as the mass flux is maximum at different colatitudes for different stars .
The Gantry $ \hspace { 0.5 mm } 2 $ at the Paul Scherrer Institute uses a strip ionization chamber for the on-line beam position verification .	The design of the strip chamber placed in the beam in front of the patient allows for a small beam penumbra in order to achieve a high-quality lateral beam delivery .
We do not observe any evolution of the relationship between red galaxy stellar mass and host halo mass , although we expect both galaxy stellar masses and halo masses to evolve over cosmic time .	We find that the stellar mass contained within the red population has doubled since z=1 , with the stellar mass within red satellite galaxies tripling over this redshift range .
In this paper we explore a new hierarchy of classes of languages and infinite words and its connection with complexity classes .	Namely , we say that a language belongs to the class $ L_k $ if it is a subset of the catenation of $ k $ languages $ S_1\cdots S_k $ , where the number of words of length $ n $ in each of $ S_i $ is bounded by a constant .
We study with exact diagonalization techniques the Heisenberg model for a system of SU ( 2 ) spins with S=1/2 and random infinite-range exchange interactions .	We calculate the critical temperature T_g for the spin-glass to paramagnetic transition .
However , experimental observations have revealed that two stress state variables were needed to describe the stress-strain-strength behaviour of unsaturated soils .	The thermodynamics analysis presented here shows that the most general approach to the behaviour of unsaturated soils actually requires three stress state variables : the suction , which is required to describe the retention properties of the soil and two effective stresses , which are required to describe the soil deformation at water saturation held constant .
This result allows minimization of the second-order light shift with respect to the field polarization for optical lattices operating at a magic wavelength ( at which the first-order shift vanishes ) .	We show the possibility for the existence of a magic elliptical polarization , for which the second-order frequency shift vanishes .
The Klein-Gordon equation with scalar potential is considered .	In the Feshbach-Villars representation the annihilation operator for a linear potential is defined and its eigenstates are obtained .
They are also extraordinarily well-motivated within high energy physics , and so axion cosmology offers us a unique view onto these theories .	I present a comprehensive and pedagogical view on the cosmology and astrophysics of axion-like particles , starting from inflation and progressing via the CMB and structure formation up to the present-day Universe .
A dominating set $ S $ of $ G $ is called a paired-dominating set of $ G $ if the induced subgraph $ G [ S ] $ contains a perfect matching .	In this paper , we propose an $ O ( n+m ) $ -time algorithm for the weighted paired-domination problem on block graphs using dynamic programming , which strengthens the results in [ Theoret.Comput .
We confirm the standard analyticity assumptions and propose `` extended analyticity '' ; roughly speaking , the latter states that the Yang-Lee branching point is the nearest singularity under Langer 's branch cut .	We support the extended analyticity by evaluating numerically the associated `` extended dispersion relation '' .
In the first paper in this series , we proposed a new framework in which to model the chemical evolution of globular clusters .	This model , is predicated upon the assumption that clusters form within an interstellar medium enriched locally by the ejecta of a single Type Ia supernova and varying numbers of asymptotic giant branch stars , superimposed on an ambient medium pre-enriched by low-metallicity Type II supernovae .
Conditions are identified that warrant the largest impact of noise on the evolutionary process , and the results of Monte Carlo simulations are qualitatively reproduced by a four-point cluster dynamical mean-field approximation .	The observed noise-guided evolution is deeply routed in short-range spatial correlations , which is supported by simulations on other host lattice topologies .
In this paper we re-consider hidden variable models which turn out to be more analytically treatable and for which we have recently shown clear evidence of non-self averaging ; the density of a motif being subject to possible uncontrollable fluctuations in the infinite size limit .	Here we provide full detailed calculations and we show that large fluctuations are only due to the node hidden variables variability while , in ensembles where these are frozen , fluctuations are negligible in the thermodynamic limit , and equal the fluctuations of classical random graphs .
We then show how the Richardson solution leads naturally to an exact analogy between such quantum models and classical electrostatic problems in two dimensions .	This is then used to demonstrate formally how BCS theory emerges as the large-N limit of the pure pairing Hamiltonian and is followed by several applications to problems of relevance to condensed matter physics , nuclear physics and the physics of confined systems .
Here , we expand this method to include the determinations of its potential and kinetic energy as functions of redshift .	We show that the dark energy potential and kinetic energy may be written as combinations of the first and second derivatives of the coordinate distance with respect to redshift .
Rapoport 's rule claims that latitudinal ranges of plant and animal species are generally smaller at low than at high latitudes .	However , doubts as to the generality of the rule have been expressed , because studies providing evidence against the rule are more numerous than those in support of it .
We study low frequency noise in a non-Ohmic region of metallic single walled and multiwalled carbon nanotubes .	The generalized relative noise appear to be independent of applied bias in the power-law regime of the tubes and in agreement with theoretical predictions .
The VLBI structure and component spectra of some GPS sources are presented .	Our VLBI results show that about 80 % of the GPS galaxies exhibit a compact double or CSO-like structure , while the GPS quasars tend to show a core-jet .
We prove new properties about the kernel distance , demonstrating stability results and allowing it to inherit reconstruction results from recent advances in distance-based topological reconstruction .	Moreover , we provide an algorithm to estimate its topology using weighted Vietoris-Rips complexes .
It provides a long list of features , with fully configurable components , and interactive zooming .	The entire code of HIPE is written in Java and is open source released under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 .
We consider Standard Model Higgs boson production in association with a Z boson in hadron collisions .	We present a fully exclusive computation of QCD radiative corrections up to next-to-next-to-leading order ( NNLO ) .
The ratio of total-to-selective extinction in the cluster region is estimated as $ 3.7\pm0.3 $ .	The distance of the cluster is found to be $ 1.00\pm0.05 $ kpc .
It is possible to confuse the relativity principle with a position of relativism .	Mach 's principle has much to do with the latter and nothing to do with the former .
This quantifies how much past observations enable long term prediction , which we propose as the primary signature of ( Strong ) Emergent Behaviour .	The key feature of our definition of PMI is the omission of an interval of 'present ' time , so that the mutual information between close times is excluded : this renders PMI robust to superposed noise or chaotic behaviour or graininess of data , distinguishing it from a range of established Complexity Measures .
We show that this loop average is reduced to a ( super ) matrix integral by the localization method , in a similar way to the bosonic U ( N ) Chern-Simons theory .	Using this matrix integral , we compute the two- and three-link averages with an operator formalism inspired by a three-dimensional topological field theory .
Often though , the ultimate goal of mining $ \mathcal { D } $ is not an analysis of the dataset \emph { per se } , but the understanding of the underlying process that generated it .	Specifically , in many applications $ \mathcal { D } $ is a collection of samples obtained from an unknown probability distribution $ \pi $ on transactions , and by extracting the FIs in $ \mathcal { D } $ one attempts to infer itemsets that are frequently ( i.e. , with probability at least $ \theta $ ) generated by $ \pi $ , which we call the True Frequent Itemsets ( TFIs ) .
We study the impact of one-loop radiative corrections in a non-supersymmetric model of hybrid inflation with chaotic ( polynomial-like ) potential , $ V_0 + \lambda_p \phi^p $ .	These corrections can arise from the possible couplings of inflaton with other fields which may play active role in the reheating process .
Here , we present results on the formation of the O VI ll1032 , 1038 doublet .	Our simulations , supported by simple theoretical calculations , show that clumped wind models that assume void in the interclump space can not reproduce the observed O VI profiles .
The performance of top taggers , for example in resonance searches , can be significantly enhanced through an increased set of variables , with a special focus on final-state radiation .	We study the production and the decay of a heavy gauge boson in the upcoming LHC run .
For gauge fields the Kaluza-Klein ( KK ) decomposition is performed in a covariant R_xi gauge .	For fermions the mixing between different generations is included in a completely general way .
The early rate of star formation is knowable from modelling chemical element data , the recent rate directly from isochrone analyses of colour-magnitude data .	The field halo and globular clusters are almost exclusively old , and formed in at most a few Gyr .
First , we observe that the so-called Veronese lifting allows to represent the constraint set as a polyhedral set .	Next , by exploiting the fact that the lifted system dynamics remains linear , we establish a method based on reachability computations to characterize and compute the maximal admissible invariant set , which coincides with the domain of attraction when the system is asymptotically stable .
Observations of distant type Ia supernovae ( SNe Ia ) , used as standard candles , support the notion that the Cosmos is filled with a mysterious form of energy , the dark energy .	The constraints on cosmological parameters derived from data of SNe Ia and the measurements of the cosmic microwave background anisotropies indicate that the dark energy amounts to roughly 70 % of all the energy contained in the Universe .
We show that stretched exponentials describe very well the distributions of radio and light emissions from galaxies , of US GOM OCS oilfield reserve sizes , of World , US and French agglomeration sizes , of country population sizes , of daily Forex US-Mark and Franc-Mark price variations , of Vostok temperature variations , of the Raup-Sepkoski 's kill curve and of citations of the most cited physicists in the world .	We also briefly discuss its potential for the distribution of earthquake sizes and fault displacements and earth temperature variations over the last 400 000 years .
Results obtained through non-linear ( NL ) and quasilinear ( QL ) gyrokinetic simulations using the GENE code are compared with results obtained from a fluid model .	Main ion and impurity transport is studied by examining the balance of convective and diffusive transport , as quantified by the density gradient corresponding to zero particle flux ( peaking factor ) .
We examine the prompt and afterglow emission within the context of the Supercritical Pile model for GRBs .	For this we have performed self-consistent calculations , by solving three time-dependent kinetic equations for protons , electrons and photons in addition to the usual mass and energy conservation equations .
The ratio of dissipation of helicity to dissipation of energy is proportional to the wave-number leading to a different Kolmogorov scale for helicity than for energy .	The Kolmogorov scale for helicity is always larger than the Kolmogorov scale for energy so in the high Reynolds number limit the flow will always be helicity free in the small scales , much in the same way as the flow will be isotropic and homogeneous in the small scales .
Hundreds more intracluster planetary nebulae have been detected in the nearby Virgo and Fornax galaxy clusters , searches of several galaxy groups have been made , and intracluster planetary candidates have been detected in the distant Coma cluster .	The first theoretical studies of intracluster planetaries have also been completed , studying their utility as tracers of the intracluster light as a whole , and also as individual objects .
The result of the DFA method applied to both datasets , shows that there exists a difference in the correlation properties between the short and long-range regimes : the slopes of the transmitted flux fluctuation function are different on small and large scales .	The scaling exponents , $ \alpha_ { 1 } $ = 1.635 $ \pm $ 0.115 and $ \alpha_ { 2 } $ = 0.758 $ \pm $ 0.085 for the ESI/Keck sample and $ \alpha_ { 1 } $ = 1.763 $ \pm 0.128 $ and $ \alpha_ { 2 } $ = 0.798 $ \pm 0.084 $ for the UVES/VLT sample for the short and long range regime respectively .
Its electronic structure is well expressed by the anisotropic triangular lattice Hubbard model at half filling .	In the present work , we study this effective model by using the fluctuation-exchange ( FLEX ) approximation .
We investigated the sensitivity of the calculated ortho-to-para ratio for c-C3H2 to a large number of factors .	For the less evolved cores C , CP , and D , we had no difficulty reproducing the observed ortho-to-para ratios of 1-2 .
Closed formulae are obtained for the mean radiative width and its mean square fluctuation from level to level .	The temperatures of many nuclei are found from the observed widths .
The leading quantum correction to the mass of the vortex coming from the mode fluctuations is also calculated using various methods depending on the value of the coefficient of the Chern-Simons term $ \kappa $ to be zero , infinite and finite , separately .	The mass correction is shown to vanish for all cases .
A permanental field , $ \psi=\ { \psi ( \nu ) , \nu\in { \mathcal { V } } \ } $ , is a particular stochastic process indexed by a space of measures on a set $ S $ .	It is determined by a kernel $ u ( x , y ) $ , $ x , y\in S $ , that need not be symmetric and is allowed to be infinite on the diagonal .
The PT-synthetic plasmonic metafilm acts as a lasing PT-spaser , a planar source of coherent radiation .	The metallic dissipation provides a mean to couple light out of the dark modes of the PT- spaser .
Partly due to the impossibility of visualizing large complex networks , resolving network structure remains a challenging problem .	Here we overcome this difficulty by combining the visual pattern recognition ability of humans with the high processing speed of computers to develop an exploratory method for discovering groups of nodes characterized by common network properties , including but not limited to communities of densely connected nodes .
Of the light nuclides observed in the universe today , D , 3He , 4He , and 7Li are relics from its early evolution .	The primordial abundances of these relics , produced via Big Bang Nucleosynthesis ( BBN ) during the first half hour of the evolution of the universe provide a unique window on Physics and Cosmology at redshifts of order 10^10 .
This is in direct conflict with the high-resolution data now available , which show that there is a great shortfall of Sr relative to Fe in many stars with [ Fe/H ] & lt ; -3 .	The same conflict also exists for the CPR elements Y and Zr .
We consider operators of arbitrary even order and open sets admitting arbitrary strong degeneration .	The main estimate is expressed via a natural and easily computable distance between open sets with continuous boundaries .
In these special conditions also an absolute luminosity measurement will be made , allowing the calibration of the CMS luminosity monitors needed at higher luminosities .	The acceptance of more than 90 % of all leading protons in the Roman Pot system , together with CMS 's central and TOTEM 's forward detectors extending to a maximum rapidity of 6.5 , makes the combined CMS+TOTEM experiment a unique instrument for exploring diffractive processes .
Cloud computing is the new technology that has various advantages and it is an adoptable technology in this present scenario .	The main advantage of the cloud computing is that this technology reduces the cost effectiveness for the implementation of the Hardware , software and License for all .
In this paper we consider the case where the particles have two angular momenta on the S3 .	The string solution corresponding to such Wilson loop can be found using the relation to the Neumann-Rosochatius system allowing the computation of the energy and angular momenta of the configuration .
The method , which we call the dynamical 1/N approach , is first tested in the most unfavorable case , the case of spinless fermions ( N=1 ) .	We recover the expected behavior , including transient ringing of the current in response to an abrupt change of bias .
One of the greatest challenges in cosmology today is to determine the nature of dark energy , the sourse of the observed present acceleration of the Universe .	Besides the vacuum energy , various dark energy models have been suggested .
The source was easily incorporated into our existing system and was operative within a day of installation .	The metastable velocity distribution , flux , flow , and efficiency were investigated for different RF powers and pressures , and an optimum was found at a flux density of $ 2\times10^ { 12 } \ , $ atoms/s/sr .
This quasiparticle shows up certain collective features such as the remnant of the `` first sound '' which at Tc spreads down to low momenta .	Presence of this Goldstone mode is the most unambiguous proof for appearance of the superfluid state .
The previously observed increase in predicted cross sections for the standard-candle W and Z boson production processes in the general-mass scheme ( compared to those in the zero-mass scheme ) is further investigated and quantified .	A novel method to constrain PDF uncertainties in LHC observables , by effectively exploiting PDF-induced correlations with benchmark standard model cross sections , is presented .
We present a lattice investigation of heavy-light mesons in the quenched approximation , using non-relativistic QCD for the heavy quark and a clover improved Wilson formulation for the light quark .	A comprehensive calculation of the heavy-light spectrum has been performed for various heavy quark masses around the $ b $ .
It was first shown by Cameron and Ku that the group $ G=Sym ( n ) $ has the strict EKR property .	Then Godsil and Meagher presented an entirely different proof of this fact using some algebraic properties of the symmetric group .
We present a comprehensive study of X-ray emission and wind properties of massive magnetic early B-type stars .	Dedicated XMM-Newton observations were obtained for three stars xi1 CMa , V2052 Oph , and zeta Cas .
Scaling laws are provided connecting the fixed-nucleus Hamiltonia n to the one for the case of finite nuclear mass .	Respecting the symmetries of the electronic Ham iltonian in the presence of a magnetic field , we represent this Hamiltonian as a matrix with res pect to a two-particle basis composed of one-particle states of a Gaussian basis set .
We find that it has a simple structure : a single exponential disk , with a scale height h_Z = 246 +/- 2 pc , a scale length h_R = 1.84 +/- 0.02 kpc and a disk cutoff at a radius R ( max ) = 10.0 kpc ( 5.4 scale lengths ) .	We confirm a strong cutoff in the stellar disk at R ( max ) , which happens over only 1 kpc .
The survival probabilities calculation for photo and DIS $ J/\Psi $ production is made in a dedicated model .	In this process we show that , even though its survival probability is considerably larger than in p-p scattering , its value is below unity and can not be neglected in the data analysis .
Its high Galactic latitude of 20.4 degrees suggests a very high velocity if the pulsar was born in the midplane of the Galaxy and if its kinematic age equals its spindown age .	Interstellar scintillations , however , suggest a much lower velocity .
We describe a 3D finite-difference spherical anelastic MHD ( FSAM ) code for modeling the subsonic dynamic processes in the solar convective envelope .	A comparison of this code with the widely used global spectral anlastic MHD code , ASH ( Anelastic Spherical Harmonics ) , shows that FSAM produces convective flows with statistical properties and mean flows similar to the ASH results .
We show that the N_k form coherent sheaves on a certain nilpotent thickening of X , and that Zariski localization on X coincides with noncommutative localization of A .	Under certain freeness assumptions on A , we give an alternative construction of N_k purely in terms of the geometry of X ( and in particular , independent of A ) .
The primordial observation of a geometric Hamilton-Jacobi equation is that if a Hamiltonian vector field $ X_ { H } $ can be projected into the configuration manifold by means of a 1-form $ dW $ , then the integral curves of the projected vector field $ X_ { H } ^ { dW } $ can be transformed into integral curves of $ X_ { H } $ provided that $ W $ is a solution of the Hamilton-Jacobi equation .	This interpretation has been applied to multiple settings : in nonhonolomic , singular Lagrangian Mechanics and classical field theories .
Then we summarize a recent construction of a canonical invertible double for general first order elliptic differential operators over smooth compact manifolds with boundary .	We derive a natural formula for the Calderon projection which yields a generalization of the famous Cobordism Theorem .
( 1998 ) has the wrong luminosity and radius to be a `` luminous white dwarf '' member of the cluster .	In addition , unless the effective temperature quoted by the authors is a drastic underestimate , the luminosity is much too low for it to be a cluster member in the post-AGB phase .
Near bifurcation , where the lifetime becomes relatively short , the system exhibits strong amplification of a weak input modulation signal .	We find that the frequency bandwidth of this amplification mechanism is limited by the rate of thermal relaxation .
Along with EGML , a software tool is provided for the study of evolving graphs .	New evolving graph drawing techniques based on the force-directed graph layout algorithm are also explored .
Many particle physics analyses which need to discriminate some background process from a signal ignore event-by-event resolutions of kinematic variables .	Adding this information , as is done for missing momentum significance , can only improve the power of existing techniques .
The companion is a massive white dwarf ( WD ) with B=23.57+-0.02 , V=23.21+-0.01 and I=22.96+-0.01 , located at only ~0.05 '' from the pulsar radio position .	Comparing the WD location in the ( B , B-V ) and ( V , V-I ) Color-Magnitude diagrams with theoretical cooling sequences we derived a range of plausible combinations of companion masses ( 1 & lt ; ~Mcom & lt ; ~1.3 Msun ) , distances ( d & lt ; ~1200 pc ) , radii ( & lt ; ~7.8 10^3 Rsun ) and temperatures ( T=31350^ { +21500 } _ { -7400 } ) .
For problem solving in complex , real world situations , it is useful to integrate RBR and CBR .	This paper presents an approach to achieve a compact and seamless integration of RBR and CBR within the base architecture of rules .
We consider the multi-user lossy source-coding problem for continuous alphabet sources .	In a previous work , Ziv proposed a single-user universal coding scheme which uses uniform quantization with dither , followed by a lossless source encoder ( entropy coder ) .
The other 36 X-ray detected BzK galaxies appear to be relatively unobscured AGNs and starburst galaxies ; we use X-ray variability analyses over a rest-frame baseline of ~3 years to further confirm the presence of AGN activity in many of these systems .	The majority ( 7 out of 11 ) of the heavily obscured AGNs have excess IR emission over that expected from star formation ( termed `` IR-excess galaxies '' ) .
To satisfy per-BTS power constraints , three combined precoder and power allocation algorithms are proposed with different performance and complexity tradeoffs .	For inter-cluster coordination , the coordination area is chosen to balance fairness for edge users and the achievable sum rate .
We rely on Ozsv { \'a } th-Szab { \'o } Heegaard Floer homology in our construction and , in particular , we completely identify the $ L $ -spaces with genus one , one boundary component , pseudo-Anosov open book decompositions .	Lastly , we reveal a new infinite family of hyperbolic three-manifolds with no co-orientable taut foliations , extending the family discovered in \cite { RSS } .
However , for individual pulses the shape and arrival phase can vary dramatically , which is known as pulse jitter .	In this paper , we investigate the stability of integrated pulse profiles for 5 MSPs , and estimate the amount of jitter for PSR J0437-4715 .
In [ 16 ] Miller also gave a quantitative version of the first result : the 0'-randomness deficiency of a sequence { \omega } equals lim inf [ n - C ( { \omega } 1 ...	{ \omega } n ) ] + O ( 1 ) .
It is found that nitrogen molecule is adsorbed while standing perpendicular to the triangular surface of ruthenium .	The doping by K atoms favours the adsorption of molecular nitrogen .
Periodic variations in a two-dimensional parameter space are shown to lead to quantized transport through the lattice .	On an extremal path in parameter space the steady state is pure state and coincides with the ground state of the Rice-Mele Hamiltonian for fermions at half filling .
The simulations include the main physical effects thought to be important in galaxy formation and , in several cases , produce realistic spiral discs .	In total , a sample of 9 galaxies of luminosity comparable to the Milky Way was obtained .
Systems with a long-term stationary state that possess as a spatio-temporally fluctuation quantity $ \beta $ can be described by a superposition of several statistics , a `` super statistics '' .	We consider first , the Gamma , log-normal and $ F $ -distributions of $ \beta $ .
Upon inspecting theoretical stability of the models on the given background , we find non-trivial parameter spaces that we translate into viability priors .	We use different combinations of data sets to show their individual effects on cosmological and model parameters .
In particular , ARPES allows studies of the Coulomb interaction among electrons ( electron-electron interactions ) and the interaction between electrons and lattice vibrations ( electron-phonon interactions ) .	Here , we report ab initio simulations of the ARPES spectra of graphene including both electron-electron and electron-phonon interactions on the same footing .
Si , Ge , and GaAs exhibit well-defined plasmonic polaron band structures , i.e. , broadened replica of the valence bands redshifted by the plasmon energy .	Based on these results , ( i ) we assign the structures of the plasmon satellite of silicon ( as revealed by PES experiments ) to plasmonic Van Hove singularities occurring at the L , $ \Omega $ , and X high-symmetry points and ( ii ) we predict the ARPES signatures of electron-plasmon coupling for Si , Ge , GaAs , and diamond .
In \cite { [ K ] } , Kaimanovich defined an augmented rooted tree $ ( X , E ) $ corresponding to the Sierpinski gasket $ K $ , and showed that the Martin boundary of the simple random walk $ \ { Z_n\ } $ on it is homeomorphic to $ K $ .	It is of interest to determine the hitting distributions $ v_ { { \bf x } } ( \cdot ) = { \mathbb { P } } _ { { \bf x } } \ { \lim_ { n \rightarrow \infty } Z_n \in \cdot\ } $ induced on $ K $ .
While dynamical mean-field theory provides a good approximation for the local part of the self-energy , including its frequency dependence , the partial summation of bubble and/or ladder diagrams typically yields worse results than second order perturbation theory .	Even widely used self-consistent schemes such as GW or the fluctuation-exchange approximation ( FLEX ) are found to be unreliable .
Consider an $ n\times n $ Hermitean matrix valued stochastic process $ \ { H_t\ } _ { t\geq 0 } $ where the matrix elements evolve according to Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes .	It is well known that the eigenvalues perform a so called Dyson Brownian motion , that is they behave as Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes conditioned never to intersect .
A particular solution with approximately flat rotation curve is discussed in some detail .	We find that simple Newtonian arguments overestimate the amount of matter needed to explain these curves by more than 30 % .
The analysis is preformed with respect to applied feedback phase $ C_p $ , feedback strength $ \eta $ and the pump current of the laser .	The main argument of the paper is to show that the laser dynamics can not be accounted for through simply a bifurcation diagram and single-control parameter .
With the available measurements of two-body B_ { u , d , s } - & gt ; pi pi , pi K , K K decays , a comprehensive fit on the phenomenological parameters X_A^ { i , f } ( or rho_A^ { i , f } and phi_A^ { i , f } ) which are used to parameterize the endpoint singularity in annihilation amplitudes is performed with the statistical chi^2 approach .	It is found that ( 1 ) flavor symmetry breaking effects are hardly to be distinguished between X_ { A , s } ^i and X_ { A , d } ^i due to the large experimental errors and theoretical uncertainties , where X_ { A , s } ^i and X_ { A , d } ^i are related to the nonfactorization annihilation contributions in B_s and B_ { u , d } decays , respectively .
In this paper , we propose an efficient range free localization scheme for large scale three dimensional wireless sensor networks .	Our system environment consists of two type of sensors , randomly deployed static sensors and global positioning system equipped moving sensors .
This paper addresses this problem by defining a scheme to map concurrent UML designs to a concurrent object-oriented program .	Using the COMET method for the architectural design of concurrent object-oriented systems , each component and connector is annotated with a stereotype indicating its behavioral design pattern .
We quantify timing mismatches in three ways : ( 1 ) the maximal timing mismatch that can arise , ( 2 ) the `` steady-state '' maximal timing mismatches , where initial transient timing mismatches are ignored ; and ( 3 ) the ( long-run ) average timing mismatches amongst two systems .	These three kinds of mismatches constitute three important types of timing differences .
The Encrypted File System ( EFS ) pushes encryption services into the file system itself .	EFS supports secure storage at the system level through a standard UNIX file system interface to encrypted files .
Given bandwidth constraints , the goal is to minimize the number of rounds required to obtain a random walk sample .	We first present a fast sublinear time distributed algorithm for performing random walks whose time complexity is sublinear in the length of the walk .
This is equivalent to determining the Smith normal form of both the adjacency and Laplacian matrix of each of these graphs .	In doing so we verify a 1986 conjecture of Rushanan .
We propose an alternative operator to represent the Hamiltonian constraint which is specially suitable to deal with these issues in a satisfactory way .	In particular , with our constraint operator , the singularity decouples in the kinematical Hilbert space and can be removed already at this level .
This paper analyzes the impact of the transient perturbations ( especially due to Electromagnetic Interferences ) on the dependability of systems distributed on TDMA-based networks .	The dependability of such system is modeled as that of `` consecutive-k-out-of-n : F '' systems and we provide a efficient way for its evaluation .
Deriving the Einstein field equations ( EFE ) with matter fluid from the action principle is not straightforward , because mass conservation must be added as an additional constraint to make rest-frame mass density variable in reaction to metric variation .	This can be avoided by introducing a constraint $ \delta ( \sqrt { -g } ) = 0 $ to metric variations $ \delta g^ { \mu\nu } $ , and then the cosmological constant $ \Lambda $ emerges as an integration constant .
We present ground-based high-precision observations of the transit of WASP-17b using the multi-band photometer ULTRACAM on ESO 's NTT in the context of performing transmission spectrophotometry of this highly inflated exoplanet .	Our choice of filters ( SDSS u ' , g ' and r ' bands ) is designed to probe for the presence of opacity sources in the upper atmosphere .
The surface to be investigated is a super-polished face of a glass Dove prism mounted in a glass cell under ultra-high vacuum ( UHV ) .	To maintain excellent optical access to the region surrounding the surface magnetic transport is used to deliver ultracold atoms from a separate vacuum chamber housing the magneto-optical trap ( MOT ) .
The obtained energies implicitly include the effects arising from quantum nuclei and electron-nucleus coupling .	We compare our results to the best theoretical and experimental results available and find excellent agreement .
We give an algorithm that finds a coloring with discrepancy $ O ( ( t \log n \log s ) ^ { 1/2 } ) $ where $ s $ is the maximum cardinality of a set .	This improves upon the previous constructive bound of $ O ( t^ { 1/2 } \log n ) $ based on algorithmic variants of the partial coloring method , and for small $ s $ ( e.g. $ s=\textrm { poly } ( t ) $ ) comes close to the non-constructive $ O ( ( t \log n ) ^ { 1/2 } ) $ bound due to Banaszczyk .
The calculation is based only on the assumption that the clouds below the Lyman-limit are in photoionization equilibrium with a UV background radiation , and avoids any uncertainty about the clumpiness of the gas .	I predict a minimum fluctuation amplitude in the Rayleigh-Jeans regime of DeltaT/T = 10^ { -5.5+-0.4 } *J_21* ( L/5cm ) ^2 , which varies over characteristic angular scales of 1-100 '' , where L is the observed wavelength and J_21 is a weighted redshift average of the UV background intensity at the Lyman-limit in units of 10^ { -21 } erg cm^ { -2 } s^ { -1 } Hz^ { -1 } sr^ { -1 } .
B { \bf 73 } , 155329 ] environment-dependent classical force field we studied the structural features of SiN $ _x $ samples at various stoichiometries .	Our results are in good agreement with experimental data and are able to reproduce some features which so far were not reproduced by simulations .
Single subject or n-of-1 research designs have been widely used to evaluate treatment interventions .	Many statistical procedures such as split-middle trend lines , regression trend line , Shewart-chart trend line , binomial tests , randomization tests and Tryon C-statistics have been used to analyze single-subject data , but they fail to control Type I error due to serially-dependent time-series observations .
Spectral variability was first revealed by Chandra observations of Aql X-1 in the four months that followed the 2000 X-ray outburst .	By adopting the canonical model for quiescent spectrum of soft X-ray transients , i.e.an absorbed neutron star atmosphere model plus a power law tail , Rutledge et al .
Given an immersed concordance we construct a smooth four-dimensional cobordism between surgeries on links .	By applying $ d $ -invariant inequalities for this cobordism we obtain inequalities between the $ H $ -functions of links , which can be extracted from the link Floer homology package .
We distinguish between various spaces of interest : the original space , the ambient space after standardizing , and the quotient space after removing a group of transformations .	Using Gaussian process models in the ambient space and Dirichlet priors for the warping functions , we explore Bayesian inference for curves and functions .
These equal ( up to a factor of T ) the surface tensions of the domain walls between the corresponding ( Euclidean ) deconfined phases .	For T much larger than T_c our results match on to the known perturbative result , which exhibits Casimir Scaling , being proportional to k ( N-k ) .
In the present work , equations for the single and double excitation coefficients of the Dirac-Fock wave function , including all non-linear coupled-cluster terms that contribute at the single-double level are worked out .	Contributions of the non-linear terms to energies , electric-dipole matrix elements , and hyperfine constants of low-lying states in alkali-metal atoms from Li to Cs are evaluated and the results are compared with other calculations and with precise experiments .
Two global features are foundby which one can distinguish distinct states .	These are the cyclic unit and the quantised geometric phase .
We give examples of how to use this hierarchy to compute MAP estimates for linear and logistic regression as well as sparse precision-matrix estimates in Gaussian graphical models .	In addition , an adaptive group lasso method is derived using the framework .
We review the interplay of frustration and strong electronic correlations in quasi-two-dimensional organic charge transfer salts , such as k- ( BEDT-TTF ) _2X and Et_nMe_ { 4-n } Pn [ Pd ( dmit ) 2 ] 2 .	These two forces drive a range of exotic phases including spin liquids , valence bond crystals , pseudogapped metals , and unconventional superconductivity .
In the second part of the paper , we investigate probabilistic and analytical properties of equidistantly sampled continuous-time state space models and apply our results from the discrete-time setting to derive the asymptotic properties of the QML estimator of discretely recorded MCARMA processes .	Under natural identifiability conditions , the estimators are again consistent and asymptotically normally distributed for any sampling frequency .
We prove that the normalizers of these subgroups are algebraic .	As an application , we obtain new results in the Linearization Problem generalizing to disconnected groups Bia\lynicki-Birula 's results of 1966-67 .
We review how the two scalar doublet model can accommodate this result and discuss some of its phenomenology .	Limits on electric dipole moments suggest that in this model the coupling of the charged scalar to the right handed u-type quarks is suppressed while its coupling to the d-type right handed quarks must be enhanced .
The large column densities measured from the neutral edges reveal anomalous Si and Fe abundances .	Scenarios for which the anomalous abundances can be attributed to surrounding cold material associated with GRS 1915+105 and/or that the enrichment may signify either a highly unusual supernova/hypernova , or external supernova activity local to the binary are discussed .
We investigate the existence of collision-free nonconstant periodic solutions of the $ N $ -vortex problem in domains $ \Omega\subset\mathbb { C } $ .	These are solutions $ z ( t ) = ( z_1 ( t ) , \dots , z_N ( t ) ) $ of the first order Hamiltonian system \ [ \dot { z } _k ( t ) =-i\nabla_ { z_k } H_\Omega\big ( z ( t ) \big ) , \quad k=1 , \dots , N , \ ] where the Hamiltonian $ H_\Omega $ has the form \ [ H_\Omega ( z_1 , \dots , z_N ) = \frac1 { 2\pi } \sum_ { { j , k=1 } \atop { j\ne k } } ^N \log\frac1 { |z_j-z_k| } - F ( z ) .
After subtraction of the galactic background , optical emission on the counterjet side is detected in 10 knots coincident with the radio counterjet .	Their radio-to-optical spectral indices ( 0.5 -- 0.6 ) are typical of synchrotron emission in extragalactic jets , so that these knots possibly are the optical counterparts of the radio counterjet .
One of several possibilities to construct a quantum theory of gravity is employing the Feynman path integral .	This approach is plagued by some problems : the integration measure is not uniquely defined , the Einstein-Hilbert action unbounded , and perturbation theory nonrenormalizable .
Bubble chambers and droplet detectors used in dosimetry and dark matter particle search experiments use a superheated metastable liquid in which nuclear recoils trigger bubble nucleation .	This process is described by the classical heat spike model of F. Seitz [ Phys .
I briefly review our current understanding of dark matter and dark energy .	The first part of this paper focusses on issues pertaining to dark matter including observational evidence for its existence , current constraints and the `abundance of substructure ' and `cuspy core ' issues which arise in CDM .
These are interesting as regards the absolute versus relative motion debate as well as discussion of conceptual issues connected with the problem of time in quantum gravity .	In spatial dimension 1 and 2 the relative configuration spaces of shapes are n-spheres and complex projective spaces , from which knowledge I construct natural mechanics on these spaces .
To minimize sources of systematic error , the TRIUMF ion source and cyclotron parameters have been refined to the extent that helicity correlated beam changes are at an extremely low level , and specialized instrumentation on the E497 beamline is able to measure residual helicity correlated modulations to a precision consistent with the goals of the experiment .	A data taking run in February-March , 1997 logged approximately 12 % of the desired data and produced a preliminary result , Az = ( 1.1 +/- 0.4 +/- 0.4 ) x 10^-7 , where the error is statistical only .
In Phase I , the detector will be loaded with 0.3 % natural tellurium , corresponding to nearly 800 kg of 130Te , with an expected effective Majorana neutrino mass sensitivity in the region of 55-133 meV , just above the inverted mass hierarchy .	Recently , the possibility of deploying up to ten times more natural tellurium has been investigated , which would enable SNO+ to achieve sensitivity deep into the parameter space for the inverted neutrino mass hierarchy in the future .
After being produced in the supernova core , these heavy axion-like particles would escape and a fraction of them would decay into photons before reaching the Earth .	We have calculated the expected flux on Earth of these photons from the supernovae SN 1987A and Cassiopeia A and compared our results to data from the Fermi Large Area Telescope .
Given a Poisson structure ( or , equivalently , a Hamiltonian operator ) $ P $ , we show that its Lie derivative $ L_ { \tau } ( P ) $ along a vector field $ \tau $ defines another Poisson structure , which is automatically compatible with $ P $ , if and only if $ [ L_ { \tau } ^2 ( P ) , P ] =0 $ , where $ [ \cdot , \cdot ] $ is the Schouten bracket .	We further prove that if $ \dim\ker P\leq 1 $ and $ P $ is of locally constant rank , then all Poisson structures compatible with a given Poisson structure $ P $ on a finite-dimensional manifold $ M $ are locally of the form $ L_ { \tau } ( P ) $ , where $ \tau $ is a local vector field such that $ L_ { \tau } ^2 ( P ) =L_ { \tilde\tau } ( P ) $ for some other local vector field $ \tilde\tau $ .
We also investigate the positivity constraint on coefficients of higher dimension operators present in the effective theory .	This constraint makes the low energy theory to be UV completion of a full theory .
In the present work we calculate this ratio $ \xi $ using a family of hard-core square-well potentials whose $ a_s $ can be exactly obtained , thus enabling us to have many potentials of different ranges and strengths , all with infinite $ a_s $ .	We have also calculated $ \xi $ using a unitarity CDBonn potential obtained by slightly scaling its meson parameters .
We present a complete library of synthetic spectra based on Kurucz 's codes that covers the 2500-10500 Ang wavelength range at resolving powers 20,000 , 11,500 ( GAIA ) , 8500 ( RAVE ) , 2000 ( SLOAN ) and uniform dispersions of 1 and 10 Ang/pix .	The library maps the whole HR diagram , exploring 51,288 combinations of atmospheric parameters spanning the ranges : 3500 & lt ; = Teff & lt ; = 47500 K , 0.0 & lt ; = log g & lt ; = 5.0 , -2.5 & lt ; = [ M/H ] & lt ; = 0.5 , [ alpha/Fe ] = 0.0 , +0.4 , xi =1,2,4 km/sec , 0 & lt ; = Vrot & lt ; = 500 km/sec .
Dimensional analysis is a simple qualitative method for determining essential connections between physical quantities .	It is applicable to a multitude of physics problems , many of which canbe introduced early on in a university physics curriculum .
[ Aims : ] We present r-Java 2.0 , a nucleosynthesis code for open use that performs r-process calculations as well as a suite of other analysis tools .	[ Methods : ] Equipped with a straightforward graphical user interface , r-Java 2.0 is capable of ; simulating nuclear statistical equilibrium ( NSE ) , calculating r-process abundances for a wide range of input parameters and astrophysical environments , computing the mass fragmentation from neutron-induced fission as well as the study of individual nucleosynthesis processes .
The problem of removing the spurious admixtures induced by the center of mass motion and by the violation of the number of particles is investigated .	The differences between the two theoretical approaches are discussed quantitatively .
Entanglement operations have been performed by photon exchange or controlled collisions .	Atom-photon interfaces were realized with single atoms in free space or strongly coupled to an optical cavity .
According to MFM the whole of the flavour mixing is basically determined by the physical mass generation of the first family of fermions .	So , in the chiral symmetry limit when the masses of the lightest quarks , u and d , vanish , all the weak mixing angle vanish .
After that , we illustrate the method by considering models with exponential potentials .	Finally , we also show that the mentioned duality persists even if the typical braneworld modifications to the Friedmann equation are considered .
We also prove that the locus of all cubics with both critical points on the boundary of their Siegel disk is a Jordan curve , which is in some sense parametrized by the angle between the two critical points .	A main tool in the bounded type case is a related space of degree 5 Blaschke products which serve as models for our cubics .
Within a MAS , autonomous agents interact to pursue personal interests and/or to achieve common objectives .	Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems ( DCOPs ) have emerged as one of the prominent agent architectures to govern the agents ' autonomous behavior , where both algorithms and communication models are driven by the structure of the specific problem .
The first post-Newtonian ( PN ) hydrostatic equations for an irrotational fluid are solved for an incompressible binary system .	The equilibrium configuration of the binary system is given by a small deformation from the irrotational Darwin-Riemann ellipsoid which is the solution at Newtonian order .
While the electron spin in this example is essential for readout it usually limits nuclear spin coherence .	This has set of the quest for defects with spin-free ground states .
This model looks as a hybrid of chaotic inflation and the usual theory with spontaneous symmetry breaking .	Another hybrid model to be discussed here uses some building blocks from extended inflation ( Brans-Dicke theory ) , from new inflation ( phase transition due to a non-minimal coupling of the inflaton field to gravity ) and from chaotic inflation ( the possibility of inflation beginning at large as well as at small $ \sigma $ ) .
Potential line emission at 111 and 129 GeV from 16 unassociated Fermi-LAT point sources has been reported recently by Su & amp ; Finkbeiner ( 2012c ) .	Together with similar features seen by Fermi in a region near the Galactic Centre , the evidence has been interpreted as the spectral signature of dark matter annihilation or internal bremsstrahlung .
We find that light bending significantly modifies the high-energy part of the spectrum .	Computed spectra for slowly rotating neutron stars are also presented .
We find that a similar statement can be made when some of the particles have mass .	We first derive the generic functional form that the three-point amplitude must have by virtue of Lorentz symmetry , which depends on an arbitrary function .
The effect on flavour oscillations of simple expanding background space-times , motivated by some D-particle foam models , is calculated for a toy-model of bosons with flavour degrees of freedom .	The presence of D-particle defects in the space-time , which can interact non trivially ( via particle capture ) with flavoured particles in a flavour non-preserving way , generates mixing in the effective field theory of low-energy string excitations .
In order to disentangle these effects one must measure charmonium production rates in both proton+proton ( p+p ) and proton+nucleus ( p+A ) collisions .	The p+p collisions serve as a baseline for searching for suppression compared to binary scaling predictions , allow one to quantify the amount of feed-down from higher states as well as serve as a tool to distinguish between different theoretical calculations for charmonium production mechanisms .
We define a Hochschild analogue of Tate cohomology , and show that the `` stable Hochschild cohomology '' of periodic CY Frobenius algebras has a Batalin-Vilkovisky and Frobenius algebra structure .	Such algebras include ( centrally extended ) preprojective algebras of ( generalized ) Dynkin quivers , and group algebras of classical periodic groups .
On the basis of model analysis this article will introduce the alignment method which based on magnetic field measurement and the alignment method which based on amplitude and phase measurement .	Finally , some basic questions will be discussed and the solutions will be given .
This is being pursued both as an empirical study in its own right , as well as providing a benchmark resource against which the outputs from numerical simulations can be compared .	GAMA has three particularly compelling aspects which set it apart : completeness , selection , and panchromatic coverage .
Yet there are still unresolved issues , that prevent us from a full clear understanding of these objects .	The lucky combination of high resolution X-ray imaging and numerical codes to handle the outflow and dynamical properties of relativistic MHD , has opened a new avenue of investigation that has lead to interesting progressed in the last years .
However , in nature , elegance and symmetry play a crucial role in the reproductive fitness of various organisms .	In addition , subjective evaluation has also been exploited in Interactive Evolutionary Computation ( IEC ) .
In this Letter we report the detection of a lag of $ \lesssim $ 1000s in the anti-correlation of the hard X-ray emission ( 20 -- 50 keV ) to that of the soft X-ray emission ( 2 -- 7 keV ) , which may be attributed to the viscous time scale of flow of matter in the accretion disk .	This suggests the geometrical picture of a truncated accretion disc with a Compton cloud inside the disc , the relative sizes of which determine the spectral shape .
Spectra of spin-forbidden and spin-allowed transitions in the mixed b $ ^3\Pi_u $ ~ A $ ^1\Sigma_u^+ $ state of Na $ _2 $ are measured separately by two-photon excitation using a single tunable dye laser .	The two-photon excitation produces Na* ( 3p ) by photodissociation , which is easily and sensitively detected by atomic fluorescence .
We obtained the energy transport velocity distribution for a three dimensional ideal cloak explicitly .	Near the operation frequency , the energy transport velocity has rather peculiar distribution .
The sample was chosen to span a wide range of redshifts and quasar types .	This paper presents an overview of the analysis and reduction techniques , as well as general trends within the data set ( comparisons with IRAS fluxes , uncertainties as a function of background sky brightness , and an analysis of vignetting corrections in chopped observing mode ) .
Text from social media provides a set of challenges that can cause traditional NLP approaches to fail .	Informal language , spelling errors , abbreviations , and special characters are all commonplace in these posts , leading to a prohibitively large vocabulary size for word-level approaches .
The idea is { \it orbital-dependent duality } of $ 5f $ electrons concerning itinerant $ \Gamma_8^- $ and localized $ \Gamma_7^- $ states in the cubic structure .	Since orbital degree of freedom is still active in the ferromagnetic phase , orbital-related quantum critical phenomenon is expected to appear .
Noisy quantum channels may be used in many information carrying applications .	We show that different applications may result in different channel capacities .
We find that , if the chemical potential falls between the bottom of the upper band and the degenerate point , then simply by changing the direction of the magnetic field , the magnitude of the spin Hall conductivity can be varied by about 100 percent .	Once the chemical potential is above the degenerate point , the spin Hall conductivity becomes the constant $ e/8\pi $ , independent of the magnitude and direction of the magnetic field .
When a pure mode is present at the input , modal transmission and coupling coefficients are mode-dependent and may be computed using a simple mode-clipping model .	When multiple modes are present , interference between modes alters the transmission and coupling coefficients , shifting the passband center frequency and changing its bandwidth .
In this paper we make forecasts on its capability at observing or constraining the dark energy parameters and the primordial non-Gaussianity .	From the LSS data one can use the baryon acoustic oscillation ( BAO ) and the growth rate derived from the redshift space distortion ( RSD ) to measure the dark energy density and equation of state .
The major source of error affecting Delta P is not the one in the phenomenologically measured period ( \delta P_b=4 10^-6 s ) , but the systematic uncertainty \delta P^ ( 0 ) in the computed Keplerian one due to the relative semimajor axis a mainly caused , in turn , by the errors in the ratio R of the pulsars ' masses and in sin i .	We get |\kappa| & lt ; 0.8 10^-26 m^-2 for the parameter that in the f ( R ) framework is a measure of the non linearity of the theory , |\alpha| & lt ; 5.5 10^-4 for the fifth-force strength parameter ( for \lambda\approx a=0.006 AU ) .
The proof is general and valid for arbitrary system whether it be atomic , molecular , or solid state , and for arbitrary state and symmetry .	This then provides justification for all prior work in the literature based on the assumption of finiteness of this potential energy at a nucleus .
We do not assume the arrival and channel statistics to be known .	To handle state space explosion and informational constraints , we split the problem into individual CMDPs for the users , coupled through their Lagrange multipliers ; and a user selection problem at the base station .
We investigate the performance of spherical wavelets in discriminating between standard inflationary models ( Gaussian ) and non-Gaussian models .	For the later we consider small perturbations of the Gaussian model in which an artificially specified skewness or kurtosis is introduced through the Edgeworth expansion .
Carbon nanotubes have properties depending on the arrangement of carbon atoms on the tube walls , called chirality .	Also it has been tried to grow nanotubes of only one chirality for more than a decade it is still not possible today .
The idea is to combine the strengths of both `` parametric '' and `` non-parametric '' methods to improve the quality of the fit .	We develop a multi-scale model that allows sharper contrast in regions of higher density where the number of constraints is generally higher .
This may lead to a bounce cosmology .	We consider equivalent descriptions in terms of the EoS parameters for an exponential , a power-law , or a double-exponential law for the scale factor $ a $ .
At the transition , the number of parked cars $ N_p $ diverges in both cases , with the length of the road $ N_s $ , as $ N_p\sim N_s^ { y_p } $ with $ y_p=1/2 $ .	Towards the transition , the number of parked cars vanishes as $ N_p\sim \epsilon^\beta $ with $ \beta=1 $ , $ \epsilon=|\alpha -\alpha^*| $ or $ \epsilon=|\rho^*_o -\rho_o| $ being the distance from the transition .
We consider a one-dimensional diffusion process with coefficients that are periodic outside of a finite 'interface region ' .	The question investigated in this article is the limiting long time / large scale behaviour of such a process under diffusive rescaling .
Using this equation of state , a generalized expression for the Born energy of an ion dissolved in quadrupolar solvent is obtained .	It turns out that the potential and the energy of a point charge in a quadrupolar medium are finite .
We present preliminary results of spectroscopic data obtained with the La Silla 3.6m TIMMI2 and the VLT-ISAAC instruments .	We have obtained 23 TIMMI2 N-band and 18 Q-band spectra for our total sample of 36 stars in March 2003 to investigate the evolution of the grain properties in circumstellar disks .
It is shown that any asymmetry in the microchamber geometries will result in current rectification .	Moreover , it is demonstrated that for non-negligible microchamber resistances the conductance does not exhibit the expected saturation at low concentrations but instead shows a continuous decrease .
We obtain the metric $ g_ { \mu\nu } $ in a proper time dependent $ AdS_ { 5 } $ space through holographic renormalization , whose boundary condition is given by energy-momentum tensor of the plasma in 2+1 dimension with transverse expansion or radial flow .	With the metric we compute $ \eta $ and $ s $ of fluids in 1+1 and 2+1 dimension without and with radial flow .
Basing on the results of recent experiments that have solved this riddle we show that the magnetic and crystal structure of epsilon-phase can be explained by strong exchange interactions of antiferromagnetic nature .	The singlet state implemented on quaters of O2 molecules has the minimal exchange energy if compared to other possible singlet states ( dimers , trimers ) .
We introduce the notion of $ R $ -analytic functions .	These are definable in an o-minimal expansion of a real closed field $ R $ and are locally the restriction of a $ K $ -differentiable function ( defined by Peterzil and Starchenko ) where $ K=R [ \sqrt { -1 } ] $ is the algebraic closure of $ R $ .
More precisely , we prove , without additional assumptions , that the sequence $ { F_n } $ actually converges in total variation and that the law of $ F_\infty $ is absolutely continuous .	We give an application to discrete non-Gaussian chaoses .
We consider the problem of determining the optimal block ( or subsample ) size for a spatial subsampling method for spatial processes observed on regular grids .	We derive expansions for the mean square error of the subsampling variance estimator , which yields an expression for the theoretically optimal block size .
In this paper , we study asynchronous consensus problems of continuous-time multi-agent systems with discontinuous information transmission .	The proposed consensus control strategy is implemented only based on the state information at some discrete times of each agent 's neighbors .
Surprisingly , most of perturbative minimal string vacua are unstable , and their true vacuum mostly does not suffer from non-perturbative ambiguity .	Importantly , we observe that the instability of these tachyon-less closed string theories is caused by ghost D-instantons ( or ghost ZZ-branes ) , the existence of which is determined only by non-perturbative completion of string theory .
The evolution of a large class of biological , physical and engineering systems can be studied through both dynamical systems theory and Hamiltonian mechanics .	The former theory , in particular its specialization to study systems with symmetry , is already well developed and has been used extensively on a wide variety of spatio-temporal systems .
We introduce a Bell inequality in a bipartite spin- $ \frac { 1 } { 2 } $ system with a quantum to classical violation ratio of $ \frac { 3 } { 2 } $ , exceeding the $ \sqrt { 2 } $ violation of the Clauser-Horne-Shimony-Holt inequality .	The increase is allowed by the use of products of non-commuting observables symmetrized over all possible orderings in the quantization .
As far as their spectra are known they are all Branch-normal .	For 29 of the SNe Ia also peak magnitudes in I are known .
During the first part , the source followed a continuous spectral softening , with the peak of the spectral energy distribution shifting from 100 keV down to a few keV .	However the thermal disk and the hard X-ray components had a similar intensity , indicating that the source was in an intermediate state throughout our observations and evolving toward the soft state .
We study zeroes of Gaussian analytic functions in a strip in the complex plane , with translation-invariant distribution .	We prove that the a limiting horizontal mean counting-measure of the zeroes exists almost surely , and that it is non-random if and only if the spectral measure is continuous ( or degenerate ) .
The plasma flows on the photosphere govern the motion of single magnetic elements .	These elements are arranged in typical patterns which are observed as a variety of multiscale magnetic patterns .
In such networks , the data must be stored in the network .	Thus , in addition to battery power , storage is a primary resource : the useful lifetime of the network is constrained by its ability to store the generated data samples .
Moreover , in the low-viscosity limit , we find no minimum mass necessary to open a gap for a planet held on a fixed orbit .	In particular , a Neptune-mass planet will open a gap in a minimum mass solar nebula with suitably low viscosity ( \alpha & lt ; 10^ { -4 } ) .
Recent experiments have investigated the coupling between the individual steps of single kinesin molecules and ATP hydrolysis , taking explicitly into account forward steps , backward steps and detachments .	A theoretical study of mechanochemical coupling in kinesins , which extends the approach used successfully to describe the dynamics of conventional motor proteins , is presented .
We have found that the Ta presence during HP synthesis ( especially ) or sintering process ( in the form of a foil that covered the sample and as an addition of Ta powder of about 2-10 wt. % to the starting mixture of B and Mg or to MgB2 powder ) increases the critical current density ( jc ) in the magnetic fields up to 10 T and the fields of irreversibility ( Hirr ) of MgB2-based bulk materials .	We observed the strong evidences that Ta absorbs hydrogen and nitrogen during synthesis and sintering to form Ta2H , TaH and TaN0.1 and prevents or reduces the formation of MgH2 ( both with orthorhombic and tetragonal structures ) .
We demonstrate using photoionization models with an input AGN and an extreme EUV-bright starburst ionizing radiation field that the observed mid-infrared line ratios can not be replicated unless an AGN contribution , in some cases as little as 10 % of the total galaxy luminosity , is included .	These models show that when the fraction of the total luminosity due to the AGN is low , optical diagnostics are insensitive to the presence of the AGN .
Damping of the plasmon modes due to different kinds of disorder , such as resonant scatterers and long-range disorder potentials , is analyzed .	We further show that an electric field applied perpendicular to bilayer phosphorene can be used to tune the dispersion of the plasmon modes .
From our observations at frequencies of 820 and 1375 MHz , the free electron column density to PSR J0205+6449 is found to be 140.7 +- 0.3 pc/cc .	The barycentric pulsar period P and period derivative determined from a phase-coherent timing solution are consistent with the values previously measured from X-ray observations .
We give a sum theorem and a parallel sum theorem for closed monotone quasidense multifunctions under very general constraint conditions .	That is to say , quasidensity obeys a very nice calculus rule .
We explore the parameter space of the NMSSM and consider in particular the case of a bino LSP , of a mixed bino-higgsino LSP and of a singlino LSP .	As compared to the MSSM , neutralino annihilation is often more efficient as it can take place via ( additional ) Higgs resonances as well as annihilation into light Higgs states .
A systematic study of $ ( d , p ) $ reactions on closed-shell nuclei using the finite-range adiabatic reaction model is performed at several beam energies and results are compared to data as well as to predictions using a standard global optical-potential .	Overall , we find that the dispersive optical-model is able to describe the angular distributions as well as or better than the global parameterization .
In the introduction section , we discuss the history and working mechanism of Bitcoin .	In the background section , we develop the ideas that evolved in the process of making a stable cryptocurrency .
Next , we investigate nucleon scattering on 7Li , 7Be , 12C and 16O in coupled-channel NCSM/RGM calculations that include low-lying excited states of these nuclei .	We check the convergence of phase shifts with the basis size and study A=8 , 13 , and 17 bound and unbound states .
As a specific application of our results , we consider tunneling between a normal metal and a noncentrosymmetric superconductor with mixed singlet and triplet gaps .	The conductance spectrum reveals information about these gaps in addition to how the influence of spin-orbit coupling is manifested .
The emphasis is on defining and visualizing concepts and relationships between them , as well as listing common confusions , alternative notations and jargon , and relevant facts and theorems .	Special attention is given to detailed figures and geometric viewpoints , some of which would seem to be novel to the literature .
We fit all of the hundreds of HEXTE spectra of the Crab individually to a simple power-law model , some 37 million counts in total for Cluster A and 39 million counts for Cluster B , and we create for each cluster a combined spectrum of residuals .	We find that the residual spectrum of Cluster A is free of instrumental artifacts while that of Cluster B contains significant features with amplitudes ~1 % ; the most prominent is in the energy range 30-50 keV , which coincides with the iodine K edge .
The \barKN interaction is constructed from the leading order term of the chiral Lagrangian using relativistic kinematics .	The \Lambda ( 1405 ) resonance is dynamically generated in this model , where the \bar { K } N interaction parameters are fitted to the data of scattering length .
Designing the boundary profile is thus a promising approach for transmission and band-gap engineering with many applications .	By performing an experimental study of microwave transmission through rough waveguides we demonstrate that a recently proposed surface scattering theory can be employed to predict the measured transmission properties from the boundary profiles and vice versa .
We argue that ( 1 ) our perception of time through change and ( 2 ) the gap between reality and our observation of it are at the heart of both quantum mechanics and the dynamical mechanism of physical systems .	We suggest that the origin of quantum uncertainty lies with the absence of infinities or infinitesimals in observational data and that our concept of time derives from observing changing data ( events ) .
To prove it we determine the algebraic supergroups $ \mathbb { G } $ such that $ \dim \mathrm { Lie } ( \mathbb { G } ) _1=1 $ ; their representations are studied when $ \mathbb { G } _ { ev } $ is diagonalizable .	The second main theorem characterizes nilpotent connected algebraic supergroups .
Using Poisson methods , we prove that a symplectic singularity admits a finite stratification with smooth symplectic strata .	We also prove that in the formal neighborhood of a closed point in some stratum , the singularity is a product of the stratum and a transversal slice .
In this paper a fully implicit numerical method is proposed , analyzed and numerically tested for parabolic equations of porous media type and on a systems of two PDEs that models the sulfation of marble in monuments .	Due to the nonlinear nature of the underlying mathematical model , the use of a fixed point scheme is required and every step implies the solution of large , locally structured , linear systems .
We introduce and study a new class of kinetic equations , which arise in the description of nonequilibrium macroscopic dynamics of soliton gases with elastic collisions between solitons .	These equations represent nonlinear integro-differential systems and have a novel structure , which we investigate by studying in detail the class of $ N $ -component `cold-gas ' hydrodynamic reductions .
This structure was defined in a recent article by Harvey and Moore .	It shown that for a toroidal compactification this algebra is related to a generalized Kac-Moody algebra .
I use literature data and a new temperature calibration to determine the Li abundances in the globular cluster M 92 .	Based on the same data , Boesgaard et al .
This complete and extensive data set , analyzed with a unified methodology , allows us to conduct an accurate census of intrinsic GRB energetics , hardnesses , durations , and redshifts .	The GRB world model we derive reproduces well the observables from both Swift and pre-Swift satellites .
Recent theoretical and experimental investigations of coherent feedback control , the feedback control of a quantum system with another quantum system , has raised the important problem of how to synthesize a class of quantum systems , called the class of linear quantum stochastic systems , from basic quantum optical components and devices in a systematic way .	The synthesis theory sought in this case can be naturally viewed as a quantum analogue of linear electrical network synthesis theory and as such has potential for applications beyond the realization of coherent feedback controllers .
This distance is weakly dependent upon both the planet 's mass and disk viscosity .	We find that the evolution of the disk edge takes place on two timescales .
Motivation : The Stochastic Simulation Algorithm ( SSA ) has largely diffused in the field of systems biology .	This approach needs many realizations for establishing statistical results on the system under study .
We consider various constraints on Higgsless models of electroweak symmetry breaking based on a bulk SU ( 2 ) _L x SU ( 2 ) _R x U ( 1 ) _ { B-L } gauge group in warped space .	First we show that the S parameter which is positive if fermions are localized on the Planck brane can be lowered ( or made vanishing ) by changing the localization of the light fermions .
Within the strongly self-shielded interior of the Orion A cloud , the 13CO abundance varies by 100 % with a peak value located near regions of enhanced star formation activity .	The effect of CO depletion onto the ice mantles of dust grains is limited to regions with AV & gt ; 10 mag and gas temperatures less than 20 K as predicted by chemical models that consider thermal-evaporation to desorb molecules from grain surfaces .
When building low-rank kernel approximations in KCCA , previous work mostly samples the landmarks uniformly at random from the training set .	We propose novel strategies for sampling the landmarks non-uniformly based on a version of statistical leverage scores recently developed for kernel ridge regression .
It is widely assumed that neural activity related to synchronous rhythms of large portions of neurons in specific locations of the brain is responsible for the pathology manifested in patients ' uncontrolled tremor and other similar diseases .	To model such systems Hindmarsh-Rose ( HR ) oscillators are considered as appropriate as they mimic the qualitative behaviour of neuronal firing .
We consider the problem of bounded-error quantum state identification : given either state \alpha_0 or state \alpha_1 , we are required to output `0 ' , `1 ' or ` ? '	( `` do n't know '' ) , such that conditioned on outputting `0 ' or `1 ' , our guess is correct with high probability .
This sample was compared with the classification from Bidelman & amp ; Mc Connell ( 1973 ) .	We confirmed the spectral classification with the known photometric peculiarity indices in the Geneva system and in the 3-filter Delta a system ( Maitzen 1976 ) .
Starting from identical initial conditions , but using different assumptions for the baryonic physics , one of the simulations produced a bulge-dominated galaxy and the other one a disc-dominated galaxy .	The main difference is the treatment of star formation and feedback , both of which were designed to be more efficient in the disc-dominated object .
We show here that a model similar to that proposed by Haehnelt , Steinmetz , & amp ; Rauch ( 2000 ) , which explains the incidence rate and kinematics of DLAs in the context of $ \Lambda $ CDM models for structure formation , also reproduces the size distribution of the new population of faint Ly alpha emitters for plausible parameters .	This lends further support to identification of the emitters with the hitherto elusive population of DLA host galaxies .
It is found that finite size networks evolve in a fundamentally different way than infinitely large networks do .	The symmetry of the evolutionary dynamics of infinitely large networks that selects for canalizing Boolean functions is broken in the evolutionary dynamics of finite size networks .
In a certain kinematical limit , we recover the logarithmic terms of the next-to-leading order heavy quark effects obtained in the previous work .	This method enables us to resum the large logarithmic terms due to heavy quark mass effects on the parton distributions in the virtual photon .
The VDW equation with Fermi statistics is then applied to a description of the system of interacting nucleons .	The VDW parameters $ a $ and $ b $ are fixed to reproduce the properties of nuclear matter at saturation density $ n_0=0.16 $ fm $ ^ { -3 } $ and zero temperature .
In pure N=1 supersymmetric Yang-Mills with gauge group SU ( N ) , the domain walls which separate the N vacua have been argued , on the basis of string theory realizations , to be D-branes for the confining string .	In a certain limit , this means that a configuration of k parallel domain walls is described by a 2+1-dimensional U ( k ) gauge theory .
The initial mass function determines the fraction of stars of different intial mass born per stellar generation .	In this paper , we test the effects of the integrated galactic initial mass function ( IGIMF ) on the chemical evolution of the solar neighbourhood .
We investigate strategies for increasing the thermopower of crown-ether-bridged anthraquinones .	The novel design feature of these molecules is the presence of either ( 1 ) crown-ether or ( 2 ) diaza-crown-ether bridges attached to the side of the current-carrying anthraquinone wire .
Although the properties of the narrow-line region ( NLR ) of active galactic nuclei ( AGN ) have been deeply studied by many authors in the past three decades , many questions are still open .	The main goal of this work is to explore the NLR of Seyfert galaxies by collecting a large statistical spectroscopic sample of Seyfert 2 and Intermediate-type Seyfert galaxies having a high signal-to-noise ratio in order to take advantage of a high number of emission-lines to be accurately measured .
We investigate the density structure of the interstellar medium using new high-resolution maps of the 8 micron , 24 micron , and 70 micron surface brightness towards a molecular cloud in the Gum Nebula , made as part of the Spitzer Space Telescope Galactic First Look Survey .	The maps are correlated with 100 micron images measured with IRAS .
However , the LPTR 's approximation to the full solution of the radiative transfer equation is not straightforward to interpret , since the latter is most intuitively conceptualized in position space .	To bridge the gap between the LPTR and the language of numerical radiative transfer , we present a new , equivalent , position-space formulation of the LPTR that clarifies the approximations it makes and facilitates its interpretation .
We account for Kepler 's imperfect detectability of such planets by injecting synthetic planet-caused dimmings into the Kepler brightness measurements and recording the fraction detected .	We find that $ 11\pm4 % $ of Sun-like stars harbor an Earth-size planet receiving between one and four times the stellar intensity as Earth .
We investigate the connections between four-dimensional , N=2 M-theory vacua constructed as orbifolds of type II , heterotic , and type I strings .	All these models have the same massless spectrum , which contains an equal number of vector multiplets and hypermultiplets , with a gauge group of the maximal rank allowed in a perturbative heterotic string construction .
A special case occurs for single-molecule investigations under equilibrium conditions , for which free energy , entropy and enthalpy at finite-temperatures are challenging to determine with ensemble-averaging alone .	Here , we provide a method to access single-molecule thermodynamics , by confining an individual molecule to a nanoscopic pore of a two-dimensional metal-organic nanomesh , where we directly record finite-temperature time-averaged statistical weights using temperature-controlled scanning tunneling microscopy .
Based on this result , some conditions for the perturbed operators having the Hyers -- Ulam stability are obtained and the Hyers-Ulam stability constant is expressed explicitly in the case of closed operators .	In the case of the bounded linear operators we obtain some characterizations for the Hyers-Ulam stability constants to be continuous .
In this system , the effects of the low dimensionality and the magnetic frustration are expected to appear simultaneously .	We obtain the magnetic-field-temperature phase diagram in Cu3Mo2O9 by studying the dielectric constant and the spontaneous electric polarization .
The seminal work of Cadambe and Jafar shows that when $ L $ is unbounded , vector space interference alignment can achieve $ 1/2 $ degrees of freedom per user independent of the number of users $ K $ .	However wireless channels have limited diversity in practice , dictated by their coherence time and bandwidth , and an important question is the number of degrees of freedom achievable at finite $ L $ .
In addition to 63 clusters in the literature , we have found 39 new candidate clusters using a matched-filter technique and a counts-in-cells analysis .	From redshift measurements of galaxies in the direction of these cluster candidates , we present new mean redshifts for 31 previously unobserved clusters , while improved mean redshifts are presented for 35 other systems .
No significant excess is observed above the expected standard model background .	Upper bounds at 95 % confidence level are set on the production cross section of a W ' boson as predicted by an extended gauge model , and on the W'WZ coupling .
This allows us to go much further in overtone number than ever before .	We find that the real part of the quasinormal frequencies approaches a non-zero constant value which does not depend on the spin s of the perturbing field and on the angular index l : \omega_R=m\varpi ( a ) .
Recommendation systems have wide-spread applications in both academia and industry .	Traditionally , performance of recommendation systems has been measured by their precision .
Taking the iron monolayer as a matrix , we propose several interesting iron nanostructures with dramatically different magnetic properties .	Such nanostructures could exhibit strong magnetoelectric effect .
Over 3600 features that capture signals of influential interactions are aggregated across multiple dimensions for each user .	The features are scalably generated by processing over 45 billion interactions from social networks every day , as well as by incorporating factors that indicate real world influence .
The insulator may be a paramagnet or antiferromagnet .	We concentrated on the effect of electron doping on these insulating phases .
Current sheets are ubiquitous in the solar wind.They are a major source of the solar wind MHD turbulence intermittency .	They may result from non-linear interactions of the solar wind MHD turbulence or are the boundaries of flux tubes that originate from the solar surface .
The behavior of N $ _ { \rm CL } $ in the lower mass systems is more difficult to measure because these systems are inherently cluster poor , but our results may add to previous evidence that large variations in cluster formation and destruction efficiencies are to be found among low mass galaxies .	The average fraction of stellar mass in clusters is $ \sim $ 0.0014 for M $ _* & gt ; 10^ { 10 } $ M $ _\odot $ and can be as large as $ \sim 0.02 $ for less massive galaxies .
Edges caused by cold particles such as condensed axions and thermal WIMPs are very sharp , respectively about $ 10^ { -12 } $ and $ 10^ { -7 } $ of the halo scale .	Their structure can be resolved by stellar and quasi-stellar sources which show sudden changes in brightness or even sudden disappearances ( sometimes within hours ) as edges are crossed .
The gross distribution is consistent with lower resolution single dish images , but we show for the first time the detailed distribution of the warm and dense molecular gas across this galaxy pair at resolutions comparable to the size of a typical giant molecular complex .	While we find that 58 % ( 33/57 ) of the spatially resolved Giant Molecular Associations ( GMAs ; a few x 100 pc ) are located in the overlap region , only \leqq 30 % spatially coincides with the optically detected star clusters , suggesting that the bulk of the CO ( 3-2 ) emission traces the regions with very recent or near future star formation activity .
When different neutrino scattering cross sections involving quite different momentum transfers are being compared it difficult to define a meaningful single scaling factor to renormalize calculated cross sections .	It has been suggested that the use of such scaling can be used to estimate high energy neutrino cross sections from low energy neutrino cross sections .
Assuming some of these fields are light during inflation , we get generation of small classical inhomogeneities in these fields from inflation .	Consequently , coupling constants inherit small inhomogeneities at scales much larger than the causal horizon in the early universe .
Our reconstructed mass map shows several distinct central substructures with shallow density profiles , clarifying earlier work and defining well the relation between the dark matter distribution and the luminous and X-ray peaks within the critically lensed region .	Using our free-form method , we are able to meaningfully subtract the mass contribution from cluster members to the deflection field to trace the smoothly distributed cluster dark matter distribution .
We demonstrate this behavior for both divergent and textured global Alice strings .	Both adiabatically scatter charged particles via effective Wilson lines .
We have combined detections from i ' , z ' , J+H , and B+V+i'+z ' images into a single comprehensive segmentation map .	Using a new program called SExSeg we are able to force this segmentation map into SExtractor for photometric analysis .
Local evolution moves in variational discrete systems ( 1 ) are a generalization of the Pachner evolution moves of simplicial gravity models , ( 2 ) update only a small subset of the dynamical data , ( 3 ) change the number of kinematical and physical degrees of freedom , and ( 4 ) generate a dynamical coarse graining or refining of the underlying discretization .	To systematically explore such local moves and their implications in the quantum theory , this article suitably expands the quantum formalism for global evolution moves , constructed in a companion paper , by employing that global moves can be decomposed into sequences of local moves .
Study a partial order $ M \ge N \Leftrightarrow Mor ( M , N ) \neq \phi $ .	For which $ N $ the degrees of maps $ f : M \to N $ are bounded for all $ M $ ?
These invariants are naturally arised from the physical consideration of measuring mixed states by separable pure states .	In this way algebraic geometry and complex differential geometry of these algebraic sets turn to be powerful tools for the understanding of quantum enatanglement .
We report on an implementation of this method , SpaghettiLens , which has been tested in a modelling challenge using 29 simulated lenses drawn from a larger set created for the Space Warps citizen science strong lens search .	We find that volunteers from this online community asserted the image parities and time ordering consistently in some lenses , but made errors in other lenses depending on the image morphology .
One approximate measure of distance in associahedra is the extent to which the edges in the attached triangulations are incompatible , and a natural way of trying to find shortest paths is to maximize locally the number of compatible edges between triangulations .	Such steps minimize the number of conflicting edges between these triangulations .
Topological insulators [ 1-6 ] is a new quantum phase of matter with exotic properties such as dissipationless transport and protection against Anderson localization [ 7 ] .	These new states of quantum matter could be one of the missing links for the realization of quantum computing [ 8,9 ] and will probably result in new spintronic or magnetoelectric devices .
For MgCNi3-xCux , solubility of Cu is limited to approximately 3 % ( x = 0.1 ) , and Tc decreases systematically from 7K to 6K .	For MgCNi3-xCox , solubility of Co is much more extensive , but bulk superconductivity disappears for Co doping of 1 % ( x = 0.03 ) .
We first provide a rigorous formalism for these models and discuss possible definitions of likelihoods .	The model being biologically motivated , some restrictions with respect to the full parameter space naturally occur .
The flavor structure of a wide class of models , denoted as next to minimal flavor violation ( NMFV ) , is considered .	In the NMFV framework , new physics ( NP ) , which is required for stabilization of the electroweak symmetry breaking ( EWSB ) scale , naturally couples ( dominantly ) to the third generation quarks and is quasi-aligned with the Yukawa matrices .
We test the method thoroughly with surrogate data sets .	Then the applicability of the superstatistical approach is illustrated using real experimental data .
Among the clustering problems , specifically \textit { $ k $ -means } clustering has got much attention from the researchers .	Despite the fact that $ k $ -means is a very well studied problem its status in the plane is still an open problem .
Two very different formulations of the tree-level S-matrix of N=8 Einstein supergravity in terms of rational maps are known to exist .	In both formulations , the computation of a scattering amplitude of n particles in the k R-charge sector involves an integral over the moduli space of certain holomorphic maps of degree d=k-1 .
A special loop $ ( G_H , \cdot ) $ is called a second Smarandache Bol loop ( S $ _ { 2^ { { \tiny\textrm { nd } } } } $ BL ) if and only if it obeys the second Smarandache Bol identity $ ( xs\cdot z ) s=x ( sz\cdot s ) $ for all $ x , z $ in $ G $ and $ s $ in $ H $ .	The popularly known and well studied class of loops called Bol loops fall into this class and so S $ _ { 2^ { { \tiny\textrm { nd } } } } $ BLs generalize Bol loops .
The Seyfert 2 galaxy , NGC 7319 , the brightest member of the compact group , is seen to have a triple radio structure typical of many extra-galactic radio sources which have a flat spectrum core and two steep spectrum lobes with hot spots .	The two lobes are asymmetrically distributed on opposite sides of the core along the minor axis of the galaxy .
The quantity that we study is the Leray , or microcanonical , measure of the nodal set .	We show that the expected value of the Leray measure of an eigenfunction is constant .
We show that in the see-saw mechanism , the neutrino masses and mixing angles do not depend on the details of the right-handed neutrino flavor symmetry breaking , and are related by a simple formula .	We propose several ans\ '' { a } tze which relate different flavor symmetry breaking parameters and find that the MSW solution to the solar neutrino problem is always easily fit .
This system has been classified as a new `Z ' source , displaying characteristic patterns of behaviour probably associated with accretion onto a low magnetic field neutron star at close to the Eddington limit .	The radio counterpart is highly variable , and was detected in six of sixteen observations over the period 2006 January -- April .
We investigate whether the residuals in our estimate of log ( G_ { HI } /S ) depend in a systematic way on a variety of different galaxy properties .	We find no effect as a function of stellar mass or 4000A break strength , but there is a systematic effect as a function of the concentration index of the light .
Our group is involved , since a few years , in studies related to the assessment of this site for astronomical applications that include the characterization of the meteorological parameters and optical turbulence provided by general circulation models as well as mesoscale atmospherical models and the quantification of the performances of Adaptive Optics ( AO ) systems .	In this talk I will draw the status of art of this site assessment putting our studies in the context of the wide international site testing activity that has been done in Antarctica .
Nearly all of the H2 associated with the galaxy can be detected at redshifts z & lt ; 4 using a compact interferometric configuration with a large synthesized beam ( that does not resolve the target galaxy ) in less than 4 h of integration time .	Low-resolution imaging of the \CI lines ( in which the target galaxy is resolved into three to four beams ) will detect ~80 per cent of the H2 in less than 12 h of aperture synthesis .
An iterative map of the unit disc in the complex plane ( Appendix ) is used to explore certain aspects of selfdual , four dimensional gauge fields ( quasi ) periodic in the Euclidean time .	These fields are characterized by two topological numbers and contain standard instantons and monopoles as different limits .
This method reproduces the known solution of the two dimensional $ SU ( N ) $ theory .	In more than two dimensions the action splits into a topological part and a part proportional to $ \alpha_s $ .
We develop an analytical perturbation framework for calculating the bending angle of light rays lensed by a Schwarzschild black hole .	Using a perturbation parameter given in terms of the gravitational radius of the black hole and the light ray 's impact parameter , we determine an invariant series for the strong-deflection bending angle that extends beyond the standard logarithmic deflection term used in the literature .
We present an analysis of twisting motions in penumbral filaments in sunspots located at heliocentric angles from $ 30^\circ $ to $ 48^\circ $ using three time series of blue continuum images obtained by the Broadband Filter Imager ( BFI ) onboard { \it Hinode } .	The relations of the twisting motions to the filament brightness and the position within the filament and within the penumbra , respectively , are investigated .
Incommensurate easy flow channels in an otherwise perfect vortex lattice are investigated .	The associated ( point ) defects in the lattice inside the channel cause an almost vanishing critical current , as shown by molecular dynamics simulations and a comparison with the Frenkel-Kontorova model .
Stochastic algorithms are efficient approaches to solving machine learning and optimization problems .	In this paper , we propose a general framework called Splash for parallelizing stochastic algorithms on multi-node distributed systems .
The cavity solitons are trapped into specific time slots through a phase-modulation of the holding beam , and moved around in time by manipulating the phase profile .	We report both continuous and discrete manipulations of the temporal positions of picosecond light pulses , with the ability to simultaneously and independently control several pulses within a train .
In this paper the relation between Pommaret and Janet bases of polynomial ideals is studied .	It is proved that if an ideal has a finite Pommaret basis then the latter is a minimal Janet basis .
I present significant ( numerical ) evidence that solutions with arbitrarily negative energy may be found among these distorted orientifolds .	Consequently , I suggest that this instability is a fatal one and hence there is little reason to believe in the existence of a string theory landscape .
The object of this paper is to affirm the number-theoretical role of Euclid and the historical significance of Euclid 's algorithm .	It is known that almost all elementary number-theoretical texts begin with Division algorithm .
A generalization of the simple exclusion asymmetric model is introduced .	In this model an arbitrary mixture of molecules with distinct sizes $ s = 0,1,2 , ... $ , in units of lattice space , diffuses asymmetrically on the lattice .
We also comment on possible causal mechanisms , focusing especially on the motion of our solar system in the Galaxy .	Moreover , we consider the reasons why some scientists have opposed periodicity over the years .
This model is a discrete model , has a gauge symmetry , and is called the Potts gauge glass model .	By comparing the present results with the results of the conventional Potts glass model , we find the coincidences and differences between the models .
We consider N=1 two-dimensional ( 2d ) dilatonic supergravity ( SG ) , 2d dilatonic SG obtained by dimensional reduction from N=1 four-dimensional ( 4d ) SG , N=2 2d dilatonic SG and string-inspired 4d dilatonic SG .	For all the theories , the corresponding action on a bosonic background is constructed and the interaction with $ N $ ( dilatonic ) Wess-Zumino ( WZ ) multiplets is presented .
Then this extended chaos theory can be used for description of the multiparticle production and the extensive air showers at high energy .	Let the parameter takes a suitable value , the quantitative results will be obtained , and an approximate formula will be derived .
We investigate the conformations with regard to the parameters chain length , Coulomb interaction strength , and solvent quality , and explore in which regime the competition between short range hydrophobic interactions and long range Coulomb interactions leads to pearl-necklace like structures .	We observe that large number and size fluctuations in the pearls and strings lead to only small direct signatures in experimental observables like the single chain form factor .
This is because robustness requires discarding of information in order to reduce the sensitivity to outliers .	The principal of nonlinear statistical coupling , which is an interpretation of the Tsallis entropy generalization , can be used to quantify this trade-off .
Absorption features from the mass donor star were not detected .	Instead the spectra display prominent broad double-peaked Halpha emission and weaker HeI emission lines .
We have treated galaxy formation with the Press-Schecter approximation for both cold dark matter ( CDM ) and cold+hot dark matter ( CHDM ) models .	Galaxy evolution has been treated by considering a variety of stellar types , different initial mass functions and star formation histories , and with an accounting of dust absorption and emission .
Feynman also invented the Hamiltonian phase-space path integral , which is fully compatible with the uncertainty principle .	We recast this as an ordinary functional integral by changing direct integration over subpaths constrained to all have the same two endpoints into an equivalent integration over those subpaths ' unconstrained second derivatives .
This thesis describes the application of numerical techniques to solve Einstein 's field equations in three distinct cases .	First we present the first long-term stable second order convergent Cauchy characteristic matching code in cylindrical symmetry including both gravitational degrees of freedom .
The computed message combinations at relays are correlated , and so directly forwarding these combinations to a destination generally incurs information redundancy and spectrum inefficiency .	To address this issue , we propose a novel relay strategy , termed compute-compress-and-forward ( CCF ) .
They are found to be a generalization of half-flat manifolds with a particular pattern of torsion classes and they include half-flat manifolds and Strominger 's complex non-Kahler manifolds as special cases .	We also verify that heterotic compactifications on half-flat mirror manifolds are based on this class of solutions .
The maximal proper-acceleration bound is a = c^2/ \Lambda in full agreement with the old predictions of Caianiello , the Finslerian geometry point of view of Brandt and more recent results in the literature .	We present the reasons why an Extended Scale Relativity based on Clifford spaces is physically more appealing than those based on kappa-deformed Poincare algebras and the inhomogeneous quantum groups operating in quantum Minkowski spacetimes .
We present first results from a multifrequency VLBA observations of 3C273 in 2003 .	The source was observed simultaneously at 5.0 , 8.4 , 15.3 , 22.2 , 43.2 and 86.2 GHz , and from this multifrequency data set , spectra of 16 emission features in the parsec scale jet were carefully constructed by using a new model-fitting based method .
A symptom of the localization is antiferromagnetism , where the spins of localized electrons alternate between up and down .	The superconductivity appears when mobile 'holes ' are doped into this insulating state , and it coexists with antiferromagnetic fluctuations .
Such compactifications have ( perturbative ) heterotic duals which are also realized as orbifolds ( with non-standard embedding of the gauge connection ) .	The latter have extra twisted states that become massive once orbifold singularities are blown-up .
Lennard-Jones glasses ( made on a computer by quenching from liquid state coordinates ) are studied in harmonic approximation .	Vibrational eigenfrequencies and eigenvectors are found by exact diagonalization for models with periodic boundaries and N= ( 500 , 2048 , and 6980 ) atoms .
In this paper , we propose a novel method based on subspace techniques to estimate the frequencies by using two sub-Nyquist sample sequences , provided that the two under-sampled ratios are relatively prime integers .	We analyze the impact of under-sampling and expand the estimated frequencies which suffer from aliasing .
Determining temperatures in molecular clouds from ratios of CO rotational lines or from ratios of continuum emission in different wavelength bands suffers from reduced temperature sensitivity in the high-temperature limit .	In theory , the ratio of far-IR , submillimeter , or millimeter continuum to that of a 13CO ( or C18O ) rotational line can place reliable upper limits on the temperature of the dust and molecular gas .
There is a major technical hurdle in this story , as the moduli stack of formal groups does not have the finitness properties required of an algebraic stack as usually defined .	This is not a conceptual problem , but in order to be clear on this point and to write down a self-contained narrative , I have included a great deal of discussion of the geometry of the stack itself , giving various equivalent descriptions .
The total molecular fraction is low , f=10^-7 , and H2 rotational level populations are not in equilibrium .	The average abundance of the alpha-elements is , [ S/H ] =-1.45 .
The optical flux from the model ULXs includes contributions from the accretion disk , due to x-ray irradiation as well as intrinsic viscous heating , and that due to the donor star .	We present `` probability images '' for the ULX systems in planes of color-magnitude , orbital period vs. X-ray luminosity , and luminosity vs. evolution time .
The standard big bang cosmology has been greatly successful in explaining many observational aspects of the real universe .	However , two particular diffficulties faced by it are the so-called `` horizon '' and `` flatness '' problems .
The loss of rotational energy , which powers radio pulsars , is insufficient to power AXPs .	Two models are generally considered : accretion from a large disk left over from the birth process , or decay of a very strong magnetic field ( 10^15 G ) associated with a 'magnetar ' .
Spectropolarimetry of the Type Ib SN 2008D , associated with the XRF 080109 , at two separate epochs , are presented .	The epochs of these observations correspond to V-band light curve maximum and 15 days after light curve maximum ( or 21 and 36 days after the XRF ) .
Our analysis fully revisits the construction of type II blow up solutions for the corresponding heat equation , which was done using maximum principle techniques following .	Instead we develop a robust energy method , in continuation of the works in the energy and mass critical cases .
The notion of sequential consistency is formalized by adapting the law of iterated expectation for plausibility measures .	The necessary and sufficient condition for a certainty equivalence operator for Nehring-Puppe 's preference to be sequentially consistent is given .
Novelty search has shown to be a promising approach for the evolution of controllers for swarm robotics .	In existing studies , however , the experimenter had to craft a domain dependent behaviour similarity measure to use novelty search in swarm robotics applications .
The spectral capabilities of X-ray CCDs have been particularly important in detecting relativistic emission lines from the inner disks around accreting neutron stars and black holes .	One drawback of X-ray CCDs is that spectra can be distorted by photon `` pile-up '' , wherein two or more photons may be registered as a single event during one frame time .
If , on the other hand , the minimum pulse interval is fixed and the total sequence time is allowed to scale with the number of pulses , then longer sequences need not always be advantageous .	The rigorous bound may serve as testbed for approximate treatments of optimal decoupling in bounded models of decoherence .
We focus on the case when the gauge group G is given by a real form of SL ( 2 , C ) .	For G=SO ( 2,1 ) , the resulting field equations are shown to reduce to either the Liouville , elliptic sinh-Gordon or elliptic sine-Gordon equations .
The high flux reactor of the Institut Laue-Langevin is the world most intense neutron source for research .	Using the ultra high-resolution crystal spectrometers GAMS installed at the in-pile target position H6/H7 it is possible to measure nuclear state lifetimes using the Gamma Ray Induced Recoil ( GRID ) technique .
Most importantly , we observe that it introduces an overestimate in the determination of the density profile from the X-ray emission , which translates into a systematic overestimate of 6 ( 12 ) % in the measurement of M_gas at R_200 for our relaxed ( perturbed ) cluster sample .	At the same time , the increase of C_R with radius introduces also a ~2 % systematic underestimate in the measurement of the hydrostatic-equilibrium mass ( M_he ) , which adds to the previous one generating a systematic ~8.5 % overestimate in f_gas in our relaxed sample .
As a consequence we conclude that any uniform subgroup $ \Gamma $ of $ G $ is strongly rigid in the sense of G. D. Mostow : If $ \alpha : \Gamma\to G $ is a homomorphism of Lie groups such that $ \alpha ( \Gamma ) $ is uniform in $ G $ , then there is an automorphism $ \varphi $ of $ G $ such that $ \varphi\ , |\ , \Gamma=\alpha $ .	Now let $ G $ be an arbitrary ( exponential ) solvable Lie group .
These data were taken just before the peak of the 2006-2007 outburst , and the average X-ray luminosity in the 0.7-200 keV band is estimated to be 2.9E38 erg/s for a distance of 8 kpc .	We fit the spectrum with both simple ( independent disk and corona ) and sophisticated ( energetically coupled disk and corona ) models , but all fits imply that the underlying optically thick disk is truncated significantly before the innermost stable circular orbit around the black hole .
We present a digital algorithm for measuring the phase difference between two sinusoidal signals that combines the modified fringe-counting method with two-sample zero crossing to enable sequential signal processing .	This technique can be applied to a phase meter for measuring dynamic phase differences with high resolution , particularly for heterodyne interferometry .
A support vector machine procedure demonstrates that gray matter density poorly discriminates between frontotemporal lobar degeneration and Alzheimer 's disease pathology subgroups with low sensitivity and specificity .	In contrast , a statistic of local network efficiency demonstrates excellent discriminatory power , with high sensitivity and specificity .
By assigning sensors to groups and performing Kalman filter-based fault detection over these groups , we obtain binary detection outcomes , which can then be used to recover the fault state of all sensors .	We first present this method using combinatorial group testing .
This new evolutionary path , together with the optically thick wind from mass-accreting white dwarf , provides a much wider channel to SNe Ia than previous scenarios .	A part of the progenitor systems are identified as the luminous supersoft X-ray sources or the recurrent novae like U Sco , which are characterized by the accretion of helium-rich matter .
In this paper we study the decoding capabilities of convolutional codes over the erasure channel .	Of special interest will be maximum distance profile ( MDP ) convolutional codes .
In this case , the competition between processes of the increasing due to nonlinear source and pulse propagation taking into account the viscosity of the medium leads to the appearance of new medium characteristic - some linear size - the spatial diameter of the tornado , on which these processes `` balance '' each other .	The approach allows to obtain equations that describe the physical effects observed and explain nonlinear transfer mechanisms of layering momentum in a tornado , determining the speeds and pressure gradients for nonpotential flow , as well as each altitude local layer thermodynamic properties - entropy production , entropy change rate and free energy .
Fitting the multiband spectra with redshifted SEDs of galaxy types E to HII , we predict the spectral types and redshifts of galaxies detected in the HDF .	We find a median redshift of 1.6 , with $ 68\ % $ having $ z & gt ; 1 $ and $ 31\ % $ with $ z & gt ; 2 $ .
We study inflation in the framework of $ f ( T ) $ -gravity in the presence of a canonical scalar field .	After reviewing the basic equations governing the background cosmology in $ f ( T ) $ -gravity , we turn to study the cosmological perturbations and obtain the evolutionary equations for the scalar and tensor perturbations .
High resolution magnetic imaging is one of the key techniques necessary for a better understanding of these effects .	Here we present an extension to a magnetic microscope that allows for in-situ current injection into the structure investigated and furthermore for the study of current induced magnetization changes during pulsed current injection .
We also compare the flux-tube expansion at two points at the SS and the AS along the same radial line .	We study the effect of solar cycle variations , the order of the potential field harmonic expansion , and different magnetogram sources .
The mesocrystal showing both electrorheological and magnetorheological effects is called electro-magnetorheological ( EMR ) solids .	Prediction of the overall magnetic properties of the EMR solids is a challenging task due to the coexistence of the uniaxially anisotropic behavior and structural transition as well as long-range interaction between the suspended particles .
Redshifts are obtained for the six surrounding galaxies observed .	Three of these galaxies lie within 11 Mpc of each other , confirming the suggestion that some of these galaxies form a group .
Conditions on the initial function and coefficient are provided so that every nontrivial positive solution blows up instantaneously .	When the coefficient and the initial function do not grow too rapidly , we establish the existence and uniqueness of global solutions , for both time-independent and time-dependent potentials .
We recently studied the formation and evaporation of primordial black holes in a simple braneworld cosmology , namely Randall-Sundrum Type II .	Here we study the effect of accretion from the cosmological background onto the black holes after formation .
Our results on the $ 8^3 \times 12 $ lattice with Wilson action show that the statistical errors from the stochastic estimator can be reduced by more than an order of magnitude by employing an unbiased variational subtraction scheme which utilizes the off-diagonal matrices from the hopping expansion .	Having been able to reduce the error of the determinant ratios to about 20 % with a relatively small number of noise vectors , this may become a feasible algorithm for simulating dynamical fermions in full QCD .
The radiative opacities include free-free absorption and scattering by both electrons and ions computed for the two photon polarization modes in the magnetized electron-ion plasma .	Since the radiation emerges from deep layers in the atmosphere with $ \rho\ga 10^2 $ g/cm $ ^3 $ , plasma effects can significantly modify the photon opacities by changing the properties of the polarization modes .
Bottleneck routers update the feedback in packet headers to signal congestion , and access routers use it to police senders ' traffic .	Targeted DoS victims can use the secure congestion policing feedback as capability tokens to suppress unwanted traffic .
We introduce symplectic Calabi-Yau caps to obtain new obstructions to exact fillings .	In particular , it implies that any exact filling of the standard unit cotangent bundle of a hyperbolic surface has vanishing first Chern class and has the same integral homology and intersection form as its disk cotangent bundle .
The common practice today is that each user downloads the video independently on her mobile device using her own cellular connection , which wastes access bandwidth and may also lead to poor video quality .	We propose a novel cooperative system where each mobile device uses simultaneously two network interfaces : ( i ) the cellular to connect to the video server and download parts of the video and ( ii ) WiFi to connect locally to all other devices in the group and exchange those parts .
We report morphology of superconducting single crystals of FeTe0.65Se0.35 studied with transmission electron microscopy , high angle annular dark field scanning transmission electron microscopy and their magnetic and superconducting properties characterized with magnetization , specific heat and magnetic resonance spectroscopy .	Our data demonstrate a presence of nanometre scale hexagonal regions coexisting with tetragonal host lattice , a chemical disorder demonstrating non homogeneous distribution of host atoms in the crystal lattice , as well as hundreds-of-nanometres-long iron-deficient bands .
We attempt to understand the underlying electronic and structural factors influencing the adsorption of N2 molecule ( a prerequisite for the reactivity ) on ground state geometry ( a non-melted structure ) of various Al clusters .	The results show that the adsorption energy is of the order of 8-10 kcal/mol and does not vary with respect to the cluster size and the electronic properties of the ground state geometry .
We investigate which types of operators are possible in the effective theory satisfying gauge invariance , reparameterization invariance and residual energy invariance .	Each symmetry puts a constraint on the possible structure of the theory , and there can appear only specific combinations of operators in the effective Lagrangian satisfying all the symmetry requirements .
For a single degree of freedom confined mechanical system with given energy , we know that the motion is always periodic and action-angle variables are convenient choice as conjugate phase-space variables .	We construct action-angle coherent states in view to provide a quantization scheme that yields precisely a given observed energy spectrum $ { E_n } $ for such a system .
Its technical properties , namely discretization , straightforward implementation and parallelization , are responsible for its popularity .	However , flow through porous media is not restricted to near zero Reynolds numbers since inertial effects play a role in numerous natural and industrial processes .
We show that hexagonal lattice systems with extended repulsive interactions can exhibit instabilities in the particle-hole channel to phases with either $ d_ { x^2-y^2 } +d_ { xy } $ or $ d+id $ symmetry .	When lattice translational symmetry is preserved , the phase corresponds to nematic order in the spin-channel with broken time-reversal symmetry , known as the $ \beta $ phase .
Configurations with chiral antisymmetric tensors are suppressed .	We find among others , genuine examples of supersymmetric SU ( 5 ) , flipped SU ( 5 ) , Pati-Salam and trinification vacua with no chiral exotics .
We have investigated the time series by the mapping them to the complex network .	We have studied the behavior of the relative number of clusters in dynamic visibility graphs near the critical value of the angle of view .
Different selection criteria were tested in order to retrieve galaxies belonging to the RS : either by their quiescence degree measured from their specific SFR ( `` Dead Sequence '' ) , or by their position in a colour-colour plane which is also a function of sSFR .	In both cases , the colour cut and the limiting magnitude threshold were let evolving with redshift , in order to follow the natural shift of the characteristic luminosity in the LF .
These latter exhibit perhaps the simplest form of what is often called nonlocal bias , and which we prefer to call stochastic bias , since the new bias effects arise from `hidden-variables ' other than density , but these may still be defined locally .	We provide explicit expressions for these new bias factors .
Additionally , measurements by the Surface Detector ( SD ) provide independent experimental observables based on the muonic shower component to analyze the chemical composition .	We present the results for the $ X_ { max } $ distributions and the mass composition results measured by the FD and the SD for the energies $ E \geq 10^ { 18 } $ \ , eV .
An alternative approach to Monte Carlo simulation is the quasi-Monte Carlo method , which uses low-discrepancy sequences , instead of pseudorandom numbers , in simulation .	Low-discrepancy sequences from different distributions can be obtained by the inverse transformation method , just like for pseudorandom numbers .
We show that energy fluctuation measurements at zero temperature provide entanglement information .	For two-state systems which exhibit a persistent current in the ground state , energy fluctuations and persistent current fluctuations are closely related .
Our analysis puts forward the links between the probabilistic and worst-case viewpoints , and allows to obtain risk bounds unachievable with the standard statistical learning approach .	One of the key idea of this work is to use probabilistic inequalities with respect to appropriate ( Gibbs ) distributions on the prediction function space instead of using them with respect to the distribution generating the data .
A high-mass IMF with the typical mass~10Msun and the overwhelming contribution of low-mass members of binaries to the EMP survivors are derived from the statistics of carbon-enriched EMP stars with and without the enhancement of s-process elements ( Komiya et al.2007 ) .	We first examine the analysis to confirm their results for various assumptions on the mass-ratio distribution function .
New generations of gravity wave detectors require unprecedented levels of vibration isolation .	This paper presents the final design of the vibration isolation and positioning platform used in Advanced LIGO to support the interferometers core optics .
Persistent currents in disordered mesoscopic rings threaded by a magnetic flux are calculated using exact diagonalization methods in the one-dimensional ( 1D ) case and self-consistent Hartree-Fock treatments for two dimensional ( 2D ) systems .	For multichannel systems , a comparative study between models of spinless or spinfull ( Hubbard ) fermions has been done .
These algorithms are obtained by analyzing higher and higher tensor powers of a certain identity of Coppersmith and Winograd .	We show that this exact approach can not result in an algorithm with running time $ O ( n^ { 2.3725 } ) $ , and identify a wide class of variants of this approach which can not result in an algorithm with running time $ O ( n^ { 2.3078 } ) $ ; in particular , this approach can not prove the conjecture that for every $ \epsilon & gt ; 0 $ , two $ n\times n $ matrices can be multiplied in time $ O ( n^ { 2+\epsilon } ) $ .
It is found that there exists a regime of $ N $ and $ \sigma $ for large enough pore diameter where the brush height in the pore exceeds the brush height on the flat substrate , while for large enough $ N $ and $ \sigma $ ( and small enough pore diameters ) the opposite behavior occurs , i.e.the brush is compressed by confinement .	These findings are used to discuss the corresponding theories on polymer brushes at concave substrates .
We show that in both cases the upper bounds on the above EDMs do not forbid sizable non-standard CPV effects in B_s mixing .	However , if a large CPV phase in B_s mixing will be confirmed , this will imply EDMs very close to their present experimental bounds , within the reach of the next generation of experiments , as well as BR ( B_ { s , d } - & gt ; mu^+ mu^- ) typically largely enhanced over its SM expectation .
In this paper we consider a geometric variant of Hofer 's symplectic energy , which was first considered by Eliashberg and Hofer in connection with their study of the extent to which the interior of a region in a symplectic manifold determines its boundary .	We prove , by a simple geometric argument , that both versions of energy give rise to genuine norms on all symplectic manifolds .
X-ray observations of quiescent X-ray binaries have the potential to provide insight into the structure and the composition of neutron stars .	EXO 0748-676 had been actively accreting for over 24 yr before its outburst ceased in late 2008 .
Moreover , use of silicon as the dielectric material in a DRA provides the great feature of bandwidth tunability through carrier density modulation .	In this paper , we present experimental and theoretical studies of antennas made from silicon .
We find that the size of the pairing correlations has a two-fold influence on the density distribution of the neutrons and therefore on the total nuclear size .	First it can change the root mean square ( rms ) radius of the individual weakly-bound orbits and second it can enhance the occupation probabilities of these orbits in the nuclear system .
Our analysis includes five dimensional supersymmetric BMPV black holes in type IIB string theory on T^5 and K3 x S^1 as well as in the five dimensional CHL models , and also non-supersymmetric extremal Kerr black hole and slowly rotating extremal Kerr-Newmann black holes in four dimensions .	For BMPV black holes our results are in perfect agreement with the microscopic results derived from string theory .
Study of this situation leads to the further factorization \ ( F [ G_ { ij } ] = F_c [ G_ { ij } ] \mathcal R [ G_ { ij } ] \ ) , and the product \ ( \Psi_c [ E ] \equiv \exp ( i \Omega [ E ] / g ) F_c [ G_ { ij } ] \ ) is shown to be the wave functional of a topological field theory .	Further information from topological field theory may illuminate the question of the behavior of physical gauge theory wave functionals for degenerate fields .
Within the score+search paradigm , the dominant approach uses local search methods in the space of directed acyclic graphs ( DAGs ) , where the usual choices for defining the elementary modifications ( local changes ) that can be applied are arc addition , arc deletion , and arc reversal .	In this paper , we propose a new local search method that uses a different search space , and which takes account of the concept of equivalence between network structures : restricted acyclic partially directed graphs ( RPDAGs ) .
We study their dynamics for the case of nonrotating black holes by numerically evolving the Teukolsky equation in the time domain .	In order to express the Teukolsky function Psi explicitly in terms of hypersurface quantities , we relate it to the Moncrief waveform phi_M through a Chandrasekhar transformation in the case of a nonrotating black hole .
We find a residual resistivity at zero temperature due to the scattering of electrons by the static dipolar spin-spin correlation that characterizes the metallic Coulomb phase .	As temperature increases , thermally excited topological defects , also known as magnetic monopoles , reduce the spin correlation , hence suppressing electron scattering .
The Abelian gauge group is isomorphic to the maximal Abelian subgroup of the Yang-Mills gauge group , but not its subgroup .	A Maxwell field of the Abelian theory contains topological degrees of freedom of original Yang-Mills fields which generate monopole-like and flux-like defects upon an Abelian projection .
Here we continue this project by determining the asymptotics for ex $ _3 ( n , G^+ ) $ when $ G $ is any fixed forest .	This settles a conjecture of F\ '' uredi \cite { Furedi } .
In all cases the reduction manifold admits a `` generalised parallelisation '' with a frame algebra with constant coefficients .	The consistent truncation then arises as a generalised version of a conventional Scherk-Schwarz reduction with the frame algebra encoding the embedding tensor of the reduced theory .
We study a class of random 3-SAT instances having exactly one solution .	The properties of this ensemble considerably differ from those of a random 3-SAT ensemble .
Hence calculation beyond wideband limit must be carried out for a quantitative analysis of transient dynamics of molecules devices .	Based on the exact non-equilibrium Green 's function ( NEGF ) formalism of calculating the transient current in Ref.\onlinecite { Maciejko } , we develop two approximate schemes going beyond the wideband limit , they are all suitable for first principles calculation using the NEGF combined with density functional theory .
We are interested in comparing the fundamental limitations to the sensitivity of KIDs with that of transition edge sensors ( TESs ) at millimeter wavelengths , specifically over the wavelengths required for studies of the Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) .	We calculate the total fundamental noise arising from optical and thermal excitations in TESs and KIDs for a variety of bath temperatures and optical loading scenarios for applications at millimeter wavelengths .
We find that the O ( at*as ) and O ( at^2 ) contributions partially cancel each other in the minimization conditions .	In comparison with the full one-loop corrections , the O ( at*as + at^2 ) two-loop corrections significantly weaken the dependence of the parameters mu and mA on the renormalization scale at which the effective potential is minimized .
In this review we give a perspective of the theoretical work done recently on the interpretation of results from $ B $ , $ D $ , $ \Lambda_b $ , $ \Lambda_c $ weak decays into final states that contain interacting hadrons , and how it is possible to obtain additional valuable information that is increasing our understanding of hadron interactions and the nature of many hadronic resonances .	The novelty of these processes is that one begins with a clean picture at the quark level which allows one to select the basic mechanisms by means of which the process proceeds .
AGTK provides a database interface which allows applications to use a database server for persistent storage .	This paper discusses various modes of collaborative annotation and how they can be supported with tools built using AGTK and its database interface .
The target density is broadened by the weak-binding nature and/or deformation of unstable nuclei .	For the real spin-orbit part of $ U $ the density broadening weakens the strength and enlarges the radius , whereas for the central part it enlarges both of the strength and the radius .
The WD component dominates in the flat peak while the nebulae dominate after the photospheric temperature of the WD rises to log T ( K ) & gt ; ~ 4.5 , suggesting its WD origin .	We analyze the 1980 and 1994 eclipses to be total eclipses of the WD occulted by the pulsating M-giant companion with two sources of the nebular emission ; one is an unocculted nebula of the M-giant 's cool-wind origin and the other is a partially occulted nebula associated to the WD .
Solution continuity equations across interval boundaries are added as constraints .	The augmented Lagrangian approach leads to a different formulation of the variational data assimilation problem than weakly constrained 4D-Var .
We found a good agreement among the data obtained for different 2D electron systems by several experimental teams using different measuring techniques .	We conclude that the renormalization is not strongly affected by the material or sample-dependent parameters such as the potential well width , disorder ( the carrier mobility ) , and the bare ( band ) mass .
Secondly , we discuss an approximation that reduces the scheme dependence of our results as well as computational effort while giving good numerical results .	This is a consequence of the approximation being a solution to the unitary Ward-identity associated to the U ( N ) symmetry of the hermitian matrix model .
We review what is known about dark matter and energy from their impact on the light of the night sky .	Most of the candidates that have been proposed so far are not perfectly black , but decay into or otherwise interact with photons in characteristic ways that can be accurately modelled and compared with observational data .
Following a brief outline of the CLIC project , this talk summarizes some of the principal motivations for an e+ e- collider with E_CM = 3 TeV .	It is shown by several examples that CLIC would represent a significant step beyond the LHC and ILC in its capabilities for precision measurements at high energies .
An approach employed in the past for computing amplitudes in this theory involves an unjustified analytic continuation from special integer momenta .	We give an alternative formulation which is well-defined for general momenta .
Magnetic interaction with the gapless surface states in topological insulator ( TI ) has been predicted to give rise to a few exotic quantum phenomena .	However , the effective magnetic doping of TI is still challenging in experiment .
A bright near-bandedge photoluminescence ( PL ) could be observed even at room temperature , the intensity of which increased monotonically as the doping concentration was increased except for the highest doping level .	It indicates that nonradiative transitions dominate at a low doping density .
These measurements allow us to determine the coefficient of the linear damping force .	The corresponding damping rate is lower than the one obtained from the lineshape of the resonance ( without pumping ) , supporting the recently reported scenario that describes damping in nanotube resonators by a nonlinear force .
Short simulation times are achieved by solving the differential form of Maxwell 's equations inside the sample , whereas integration is only required at the surface to meet the exact boundary conditions .	The procedure reveals the time and position dependence of the current density and the magnetic induction ( B ) making it very convenient to apply field dependent material parameters for the simulation of magnetization loops , relaxation measurements , etc .
We develop a theory of securities price formation and dynamics based on quantum approach and without presuming any similarities with quantum mechanics .	Disorder introduced by trading environment leads to probability distribution of returns that is not a smooth curve , but a speckle-pattern fluctuating in both price coordinate and time .
The spectrum shows strong extinction due to the presence of clouds ( aerosols ) and haze in the atmosphere , and strong absorption features from CH4 .	More interestingly , the comparison with radiative transfer models reveals a spectral signature , which we attribute here to a Jupiter stratospheric layer of crystalline H2O ice .
A thread of viscous fluid falling onto a moving surface exhibits a spectacular variety of types of motion as the surface speed and nozzle height are varied .	For modest nozzle heights , four clear regimes are observed .
In this work , we try to bridge the gap between theoretical algorithms in the security domain , and a practical Peer-to-Peer deployment .	We consider two security models .
Several effects complicate the interpretation of results from detectors based upon these materials .	First , fast neutrons will often leave a detector before depositing all of their energy within it .
The implementation of computational sensing strategies often faces calibration problems typically solved by means of multiple , accurately chosen training signals , an approach that can be resource-consuming and cumbersome .	Conversely , blind calibration does not require any training , but corresponds to a bilinear inverse problem whose algorithmic solution is an open issue .
We have employed the generalized Foldy Wouthuysen framework , developed by some of us \cite { ber0 , ber1 , ber2 } .	We show that a non-constant lattice distortion leads to a valley-orbit coupling which is responsible to a valley-Hall effect .
The conservative part of the equations of motion ( neglecting the radiation reaction damping terms ) is deducible from a generalized Lagrangian in harmonic coordinates , or equivalently from an ordinary Hamiltonian in ADM coordinates .	As an application we investigate the problem of the dynamical stability of circular binary orbits against gravitational perturbations up to the 3PN order .
We consider the well-posedness of a model for a flow-structure interaction .	This model describes the dynamics of an elastic flexible plate with clamped boundary conditions immersed in a supersonic flow .
Studying the asymmetry in variations could give independent constraints on the physical models for AGN variability .	In this paper , we use Kepler observations of 19 sources to perform analyses on the variability asymmetry of AGNs .
Fashion , and especially apparel , is the fastest-growing category in online shopping .	As consumers requires sensory experience especially for apparel goods for which their appearance matters most , images play a key role not only in conveying crucial information that is hard to express in text , but also in affecting consumer 's attitude and emotion towards the product .
We investigate the Hubbard chains network model defined on corner-sharing tetrahedra ( the pyrochlore lattice ) which is a possible microscopic model for the heavy fermion state of LiV_2O_4 .	Based upon this model , we can explain transport , magnetic , and thermodynamic properties of LiV_2O_4 .
A dark particle produced in a flavor eigenstate will separate into two mass eigenstates because they propagate with different velocities and , in a gravitational filed , along different geodesics , see Fig.1 .	Thus , in the flavor-mixed SIDM , dark halos are made of heavy eigenstates , whereas light eigenstates may leave the halo .
We study the structure of this group and the structure of two closely related to it groups : the subgroup of balanced labelings which consists of functions vanishing on vertices and the corresponding factor-group .	This work is completely self-contained , except the algorithm for obtaining the 3-edge-connected components of an undirected graph , for which we make appropriate references to the literature .
We investigate the vibrational stability and the electronic structure of the proposed icosahedral fullerene-like cage structure of B80 [ Szwacki , Sadrzadeh , and Yakobson , Phys.Rev.Lett .	{ \bf 98 } , 166804 ( 2007 ) ] by an all electron density functional theory using polarized Gaussian basis functions containing 41 basis functions per atom .
Firstly , an emergent scaling symmetry at the lowest energy scales appears as an emergent isometry in the interior , `near horizon ' regime of the spacetime .	Secondly , the field theoretic distinction between fractionalized and mesonic phases appears as the presence or absence of a charge-carrying horizon in the spacetime .
We introduce two complementary notions of $ \ell_q $ subspace sparsity : row sparsity and column sparsity .	We prove nonasymptotic lower and upper bounds on the minimax subspace estimation error for $ 0\leq q\leq1 $ .
Gaussian processes ( GPs ) provide a Bayesian approach to learning in a kernel based framework .	The pseudo-likelihood model enables one to capture long range dependencies among the output components of the sequence without becoming computationally intractable .
Equation on streaming cased by arbitrary acoustic wave is specified .	The correspondence to the known results on streaming cased by quasi-periodic source is traced .
A strict application of the analogy with the bound to velocity which appears in relativity theory gives rise to interesting models which , however , have an unphysical energy-momentum spectrum or do not imply the required upper bound .	With some modifications we obtain more acceptable models with a correct energy-momentum spectrum and with an upper bound to a quantity similar to the acceleration , that we call `` pseudo-acceleration '' .
We then consider the effects of introducing a single energy splititng between the 2 orbits .	We speculate that g factors for all n can be obtained by a linear approximation .
In contrast , we consider the $ \ell_\infty $ -norm error ( worst case error ) .	For this error metric , we prove that , in an asymptotic setting where the signal dimension $ N\to\infty $ , the $ \ell_\infty $ -norm error always comes from the Gaussian component that has the largest variance , and the Wiener filter asymptotically achieves the optimal expected $ \ell_\infty $ -norm error.The i.i.d .
While such devices are often built with a specific application in mind , they often turn out to be useful in other contexts as well .	We claim that by describing the devices ' knowledge in a universal way , IoT devices can become first-class citizens in the Internet .
Interestingly , such a heavy Dirac gluino mass will not induce the electroweak fine-tuning problem .	We realize such SUSY breakings via an anomalous $ U ( 1 ) _X $ gauge symmetry inspired from string models .
First , we will analyze the overall achievable performance of the proposed cancellation scheme , while also providing some insight into the possible bottlenecks .	We also provide a detailed formulation of the actual cancellation procedure , and perform an analysis into the effect of the received signal of interest on self-interference coupling channel estimation .
The representation for $ { \rm K } _ { n , p } $ comprises an optimization problem by parameter inside of the integral .	This problem is solved for $ p=2 ( m+1 ) / ( 2m+1-n ) $ , $ n\leq 2m+1 $ , and for some first derivatives of even order in the case $ p=\infty $ .
Secondly , we show that if $ q $ is positive , then the image of $ \square $ contains a closed , $ G $ -invariant subspace of finite codimension in $ L^ { 2 } ( M , \Lambda^ { p , q } ) $ .	These two properties taken together amount to saying that $ \square $ is a $ G $ -Fredholm operator .
In this framework , the inter-band tunneling problem depends on two dimensionless parameters : one measures the proximity to the merging transition and the other the adiabaticity of the motion .	Under the influence of a constant force , the probability for a particle to tunnel from the lower to the upper band is computed numerically in the whole range of these two parameters and analytically in different limits using ( i ) the Stueckelberg theory for two successive linear band crossings , ( ii ) diabatic perturbation theory , ( iii ) adiabatic perturbation theory and ( iv ) a modified Stueckelberg formula .
V.I .	Arnold [ Russian Math .
As a new feature of many particle effects , processes are possible which can be interpreted as particle creation and annihilation due to in-medium one meson exchange .	In-medium cross sections are obtained from the generalized derivation of collision integrals , which possess complete crossing symmetries .
These features suggest a disk structure with inner and outer dust components , separated by a dust-depleted region ( or gap ) .	We here report on the first interferometric observations of the disk around the Herbig Ae star HD 139614 .
During the life cycle of an XML application , both schemas and queries may change from one version to another .	Schema evolutions may affect query results and potentially the validity of produced data .
We prove scattering for the radial nonlinear Klein-Gordon equation $ \partial_ { tt } u - \Delta u + u & amp ; = & amp ; -|u|^ { p-1 } u $ with $ 5 & gt ; p & gt ; 3 $ and data $ ( u_ { 0 } , u_ { 1 } ) \in H^ { s } \times H^ { s-1 } $ , $ 1 & gt ; s & gt ; 1- \frac { ( 5-p ) ( p-3 ) } { 2 ( p-1 ) ( p-2 ) } $ if $ 4 \geq p & gt ; 3 $ and $ 1 & gt ; s & gt ; 1 - \frac { ( 5-p ) ^ { 2 } } { 2 ( p-1 ) ( 6-p ) } $ if $ 5 & gt ; p \geq 4 $ .	First we prove Strichartz-type estimates in $ L_ { t } ^ { q } L_ { x } ^ { r } $ spaces .
In BCLMP 691 , an \HII\ region far north ( 3.3 kpc ) in the disk of M 33 , the \CII\ and CO line profiles show similar velocities within $ 0.5 \kms $ , while the \HI\ line velocities are systematically shifted towards lower rotation velocities by $ \sim 5\kms $ .	Observed at the same $ 12 '' $ angular resolution , the \CII\ lines are broader than those of CO by about 50 % but narrower than the \HI\ lines .
This cloud apparently undergoes an interaction with the ambient medium and thus has great potential to form dust .	To remove the local foreground dust emission we used a regularised , generalised linear model and we show the advantages of this approach with respect to other methods .
The spectrum of Harper 's equation is determined by the discriminant , which is a certain polynomial of degree Q if the commensurability parameter of Harper 's equation is P/Q , where P , Q are coprime positive integers .	A simple expression is indicated for the derivative of the discriminant at zero energy for odd Q .
We find that at coarse scales modules become progressively more segregated , while at finer scales segregation decreases .	Module composition also exhibits scale-specific and age-dependent changes .
We discuss observational consequences of f ( R ) dark energy scenarios that satisfy local gravity constraints ( LGC ) as well as conditions of the cosmological viability .	The model we study is given by m ( r ) =C ( -r-1 ) ^p ( C & gt ; 0 , p & gt ; 1 ) with m=Rf_ { , RR } /f_ { , R } and r=-Rf_ { , R } /f , which cover viable f ( R ) models proposed so far in a high-curvature region designed to be compatible with LGC .
This is an essential step for many applications in gravitational lensing .	This method is based on the `` scatter '' interpretation of the discrete density field in the Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics .
I use the spectroscopic data for galaxies in and around nearby ( 0.02 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.06 ) X-ray bright galaxy clusters , to show that the incidence of k+a ( or post-starburst ) galaxies ( EW ( Ha ) & lt ; 2 ang in emission and EW ( Hd ) & gt ; 3 ang in absorption ) may be correlated with the accretion of small galaxy groups in clusters .	At r & lt ; 2r200 , the k+a galaxies are found in regions of higher galaxy density relative to other cluster galaxies .
The gauge theory is defined on a direct product manifold $ \Sigma_2\times H^2 $ , where $ \Sigma_2 $ is a two-dimensional Lorentzian manifold and $ H^2 $ is the open disc in $ \mathbb { R } ^2 $ with the boundary $ S^1=\partial H^2 $ .	We show that in the adiabatic limit , when the metric on $ H^2 $ is scaled down , the Yang-Mills action supplemented by the $ d=5 $ Chern-Simons term becomes the Green-Schwarz superstring action .
The spherically symmetric and cosmology solutions for gravity on SU ( 2 ) principal bundle are obtained .	The static spherically symmetric solution is wormhole-like solution located between two null surfaces , in contrast to 4D Einstein-Yang-Mills theory where corresponding solution ( black hole ) located outside of event horizon .
In this paper we construct a decomposition of $ \mathrm { H } _1 ( \Omega ) $ into `` atomic blocks '' $ { } $ in the spirit of Tolsa , which we will introduce for martingales .	We provide three proofs of this result .
The recently discovered three-dimensional hyperhoneycomb iridate , $ \beta $ -Li $ _2 $ IrO $ _3 $ , has raised hopes for the realization of dominant Kitaev interaction between spin-orbit entangled local moments due to its near-ideal lattice structure .	If true , this material may lie close to the sought-after quantum spin liquid phase in three dimensions .
We study simple MAX-MIN ant systems on the class of linear pseudo-Boolean functions defined on binary strings of length 'n ' .	Our investigations point out how the progress according to function values is stored in pheromone .
Three versions of the EDF are used , the initial Fayans functional DF3 and its two variations , DF3-a and DF3-b , with different values of spin-orbit parameters .	Comparison is made with predictions of the Skyrme-Hartree-Fock method with the HFB-17 functional .
The radio emission is dominated by free-free emission at 2cm , and the spectrum of this emission appears to be rising .	This suggests that the free-free emission is optically thick at 2cm , and that the individual HII regions are ~1pc in size .
Although it is true that these robust methods are more efficient than their stochastic counterparts , it is also correct that solution times for mixed-integer linear programming problems increase exponentially with respect to the size of the problem .	Because of this , practitioners and system operators need to use computationally efficient methods when solving this type of problem .
To track energies and locations of single electrons in relevant regions , we have developed a 3D hybrid model that couples a particle model in the region of high fields and low electron densities with a fluid model in the rest of the domain .	Here we validate our 3D hybrid model on a 3D ( super- ) particle model for negative streamers in overvolted gaps , and we show that it almost reaches the computational efficiency of a 3D fluid model .
In particular , we assume a coherent emission source near the black hole and investigate the wavefront distortion as seen by a distant observer .	Near the observer , the propagating wave can be decomposed using the Laguerre-Gaussian mode basis and its wavefront distortion can be characterized by the decomposition coefficient .
The magnetohydrodynamical behavior ( MHD ) of accretion disks is reviewed .	A detailed presentation of the fundamental MHD equations appropriate for protostellar disks is given .
Study of noise in non-ohmic regimes in physical systems is rather in a nascent stage .	Some of the open issues are highlighted .
The lower and upper QPOs can be interpreted as corresponding to the edges or turning points of an Alfv\'en continuum , according to the model proposed by Levin ( 2007 ) .	Several of the low-frequency QPOs observed in the X-ray tail of SGR 1806-20 can readily be identified with the Alfv\'en QPOs we compute .
As it was shown by many authors , a slow decrease in X-rays observed during the decay phase of long duration flares ( LDE ) can be explained only by a magnetic reconnection and energy release ceaselessly ongoing in the coronal part of a flare .	Using RHESSI data we try to answer two following questions .
A cube tiling of R^d is a family of pairwise disjoint cubes $ [ 0,1 ) ^d+T=\ { [ 0,1 ) ^d+t : t\in T\ } $ such that $ \bigcup_ { t\in T } ( [ 0,1 ) ^d+t ) =R^d $ .	Two cubes $ [ 0,1 ) ^d+t $ , $ [ 0,1 ) ^d+s $ are called a twin pair if their closures have a complete facet in common , that is if $ |t_j-s_j|=1 $ for some $ j\in [ d ] =\ { 1 , ... , d\ } $ and $ t_i=s_i $ for every $ i\in [ d ] \setminus \ { j\ } $ .
Strontium-like ions , zirconium-like ions , molybdenum-like ions and rhodium-like ions were studied comprehensively .	Remaining isoelectronic sequences with the ground configuration $ 4d^ { N } $ ( $ N=1,3,5,7,8,10 $ ) were also reviewed albeit in less detail .
The VLBI image shows a clear asymmetry .	From model fitting of the size of the radio emission , we estimate a minimum expansion velocity of 15,700 $ \pm $ 2,000 km s $ ^ { -1 } $ .
The scattering introduced by irradiation suppresses T_c and tends to average the two gaps although less than predicted by theory .	We also found that by a suitable irradiation process by fast neutrons , a substantial bulk increase of dH_ { c2 } /dT at T_c can be obtained without sacrificing more than a few degrees in T_c .
Let S be a finite set of point sites in d dimensions .	A bounded set C in d-dimensional space is to be distributed among the sites p in S such that ( i ) each p receives a subset C_p of prescribed volume , and ( ii ) the average distance of all points of C from their respective sites p is minimized .
We also introduce for the first time the Lyapunov function for the corresponding system , its equation , and its basic properties .	The dependence on the mass of the dark scalar is discussed .
We examine the spectra and infrared colors of the cool methane-dominated atmospheres at Teff & lt ; 1400 K expected for young gas giant planets .	We couple these spectral calculations to an updated version of the Marley et al .
We introduce observable quantities , borrowing from concepts of quantum information theory , for the characterization of quantum phase transitions in spin systems .	These observables are uniquely defined in terms of single spin unitary operations .
The paper develops an operational calculus for integral transforms and functions of $ A $ .	Characters of hypergroups which have Laplace representations give rise to bounded operators on $ E $ .
112 , 170601 ( 2014 ) ] .	Here , we tailor that algorithm to quenches starting from ground states .
Here , by using magnetic neutron scattering , a phase sensitive probe of superconducting gap , we report the observation of a transition from the sign-reversed to sign-preserved Cooper-pairing symmetry with insignificant changes in Tc in the S-doped iron selenide superconductors KxFe2-y ( Se1-zSz ) 2 .	We show that a rather sharp magnetic resonant mode well below the superconducting gap ( 2delta ) in the undoped sample ( z = 0 ) is replaced by a broad hump structure above 2delta under 50 % S doping .
Generalizing previous quantum gravity results for Schwarzschild black holes from 4 to D & gt ; 3 space-time dimensions yields an energy spectrum E_n = alpha n^ { ( D-3 ) / ( D-2 ) } E_P , n=1,2 , ... , alpha = O ( 1 ) , where E_P is the Planck energy in that space-time .	This spectrum means that the quantized area A_ { D-2 } ( n ) of the D-2 dimensional horizon has universally the form A_ { D-2 } = n a_ { D-2 } , where a_ { D-2 } is essentially the ( D-2 ) th power of the D-dimensional Planck length .
A typically very large length scale , L* , is identified above which the physics of frozen clusters dominates .	Below L* a strong disorder fixed point determines scaling at a pseudo-critical point .
Designers applying such nontrivial source code transformations are often faced with the problem of ensuring functional equivalence of the original and transformed programs .	Currently they have to rely on incomplete and time-consuming simulation .
The split Bregman ( SB ) method [ T. Goldstein and S. Osher , SIAM J .	Imaging Sci. , 2 ( 2009 ) , pp .
The limit of small dissipation , which is the object of the present study , is particularly interesting .	We provide all details for maps , but we present also the modifications needed to obtain a direct proof for the case of differential equations .
Replacing convolutions by geometric products one arrives at reduced representations analogous to HRR but interpretable in terms of geometry .	Variable bindings occurring in both HRR and its geometric analogue mathematically correspond to two different representations of $ Z_2\times ... \times Z_2 $ ( the additive group of binary $ n $ -tuples with addition modulo 2 ) .
It turns out that for a connected Nakayama algebra $ A $ , there exists a connected self-injective Nakayama algebra $ A ' $ such that there is a sequence of left retractions linking $ A $ to $ A ' $ ; in particular , the singularity category of $ A $ is triangle equivalent to the stable category of $ A ' $ .	We classify connected Nakayama algebras with at most three simple modules according to Gorenstein homological properties .
Both in the visible and near-infrared Orcus ' spectral properties appear to be homogeneous over time ( and probably rotation ) at the resolution available .	From Hapke radiative transfer models involving intimate mixtures of various ices we find for the first time that ammonium ( NH+4 ) and traces of ethane ( C2 H6 ) , which are most probably solar irradiation products of ammonia and methane , and a mixture of methane and ammonia ( diluted or not ) are the best candidates to improve the description of the data with respect to a simple water ice mixture ( Haumea type surface ) .
In particular , within the framework of collision models we introduce the quantum analogue of thermalization process called quantum homogenization and simulate quantum decoherence processes .	These dynamics are driven by partial swaps and controlled unitary collisions , respectively .
Aims .	The aim of this paper is to study deuterated water in the solar-type protostars NGC1333 IRAS4A and IRAS4B , to compare their HDO abundance distribution with other star-forming regions , and to constrain their HDO/H2O ratios.Methods .
This kind of setup can serve as a matter wave interferometer , which relies on the interference between the displaced condensates as a measure of the relative phase between them .	Here we show how the quantum phase fluctuations , which are so effective in equilibrium , act to destroy the macroscopic relative phase that was imposed as a non equilibrium initial condition of the interferometer .
We show that , as $ n\rightarrow\infty $ , with $ m = \lceil n/\alpha\rceil $ for any fixed $ \alpha & gt ; 1 $ , the minimum weight of many-to-one matchings converges to a constant ( depending on $ \alpha $ ) .	Many-to-one matching arises as an optimization step in an algorithm for genome sequencing and as a measure of distance between finite sets .
The time complexity is polynomial in the input dimension $ d $ and the sample size $ n $ , but exponential in the quantity $ ( L/\epsilon^2 ) \log ( L/\epsilon ) $ .	These algorithms run multiple rounds of random initialization followed by arbitrary optimization steps .
We now can construct a model showing evolution from a dark matter- dark energy mix to a pure cosmological constant cosmology due to changes in the slope of the resulting scalar field , using much of Scherrer 's k-essence model .	This same construction permits a use of the speed of sound , in k essence models , evolving from zero to one .
The anomalous effective action describing the coupling of gravity to a non-abelian gauge theory can be determined by a variational solution of the anomaly equation , as shown by Riegert long ago .	It is given by a nonlocal expression , with the nonlocal interaction determined by the Green 's function of a conformally covariant operator of fourth order .
We identify candidates for the driving sources of the outflows from a comparison of the multi-waveband archival data-sets and SED modelling .	The SED spectral slope ( \alpha ( IRAC ) ) for all the protostars in the field was then compared with the visual extinction map .
We analyse the structures of all the clusters in the DAFT/FADA survey for which XMM-Newton and/or a sufficient number of galaxy redshifts in the cluster range is available , with the aim of detecting substructures and evidence for merging events .	These properties are discussed in the framework of standard cold dark matter cosmology.XMM-Newton data were available for 32 clusters , for which we derive the X-ray luminosity and a global X-ray temperature for 25 of them .
We present a comprehensive study of the deuterated molecules detected in the fullband HIFI survey of the Orion KL region .	Ammonia , formaldehyde , and methanol and their singly deuterated isotopologues are each detected through numerous transitions in this survey with a wide range in optical depths and excitation conditions .
The procedure combines computer simulations of polymer chains on two different length scales , using a united atom representation for the finer structure and a highly coarse-grained approach on the meso-scale , where chains are represented as soft colloidal particles interacting through an effective potential .	A method for combining the structural information by inverse mapping is discussed , allowing for the efficient calculation of partial correlation functions , which are compared with results from full united atom simulations .
We determine the average distribution of [ CII ] perpendicular to the plane in the inner Galactic disk and compare it to the distributions of other key gas tracers , such as CO and HI .	We calculated the vertical , z , distribution of [ CII ] in the inner Galactic disk by adopting a model for the emission that combines the latitudinal , b , spectrally unresolved BICE survey , with the spectrally resolved $ Herschel $ Galactic plane survey of [ CII ] at b = 0 deg .
We have also varied the stress exerted by the particles on the fluid by using particles of different densities .	Although the stresses exerted by the particles are of the same order of magnitude , the velocity field presents utterly different features : whereas the flow around the lighter particle shows a confinement similar to the one observed in shear-thinning fluids , the wake of the heavier particle is characterized by an upward motion of the fluid ( `` negative wake '' ) , whatever the fluid 's age .
This ideal picture is often far from reality .	We have investigated in detail the FCDs in several materials which have a transition from a smectic A ( SmA ) to a nematic phase .
Whether the trapped surfaces form during the dynamical evolution of the collapse depends on the torsion parameter , related to the BD coupling parameter , and the EoS subject to the conditions on physical reasonableness of the collapse configuration .	Hence , the space of torsion and EoS parameters is divided into two portions , one for which the collapse process leads to the formation of apparent horizon and the other for which the apparent horizon is failed to form in the interior region .
We have performed a search for charged current coherent pion production from muon neutrinos scattering on carbon , \nu_\mu 12^C \to \mu 12^C \pi^+ .	No evidence for coherent pion production is observed .
ZC96 models are triaxial generalisations of spherical $ \gamma $ -models of Dehnen whose densities vary as $ r^ { -\gamma } $ near the center and $ r^ { -4 } $ at large radii and hence , possess a central density core for $ \gamma=0 $ and cusps for $ \gamma & gt ; 0 $ .	We consider four triaxial models from ZC96 , two prolate triaxials : $ ( p , q ) = ( 0.65 , 0.60 ) $ with $ \gamma = 1.0 $ and 1.5 , and two oblate triaxials : $ ( p , q ) = ( 0.95 , 0.60 ) $ with $ \gamma = 1.0 $ and 1.5 .
A more geometric approach can be developed in a Hamilton-Jacobi formalism of Gibbons and Kodama .	AMS Subject Classifiation ( 1991 ) : 35Q20 , 58F07,70H99
In a setting with fully trusted devices , any entanglement-based protocol is essentially equivalent to a corresponding prepare-and-measure protocol .	This correspondence , however , is not generally valid in the DI setting unless one makes extra assumptions about the devices .
Our models predict upto 0.5 galaxies/sq.arcsec at the threshold of 100 nJy at 6um , with a comparable or larger surface density at longer MIR wavelengths .	We conclude that a significant new population of high-redshift galaxies could be detected by the Space Infrared Telescope Facility ( SIRTF ) and Next Generation Space Telescope ( NGST ) .
It has been known that heterogeneous networks are vulnerable to the intentional removal of a small fraction of highly connected or loaded nodes , which implies that , to protect a network effectively , a few important nodes should be allocated with more defense resources than the others .	However , if too many resources are allocated to the few important nodes , the numerous less-important nodes will be less protected , which , when attacked all together , still capable of causing a devastating damage .
Muon spin rotation and relaxation ( $ \mu $ SR ) experiments have been carried out to characterize magnetic and superconducting ground states in the Pr $ _ { 1-x } $ Nd $ _x $ Os $ _4 $ Sb $ _ { 12 } $ alloy series .	In the ferromagnetic end compound NdOs $ _4 $ Sb $ _ { 12 } $ the spontaneous local field at positive-muon ( $ \mu^+ $ ) sites below the ordering temperature $ T_C $ is greater than expected from dipolar coupling to ferromagnetically aligned Nd $ ^ { 3+ } $ moments , indicating an additional indirect RKKY-like transferred hyperfine mechanism .
However , in this paper , we propose a new and simple method for performing analog arithmetic operations which in this scheme , signals are represented and stored through a memristance of the newly found circuit element , i.e.memristor , instead of voltage or current .	Some of these operators such as divider and multiplier are much simpler and faster than their equivalent voltage-based circuits and they require less chip area .
This paper is the result of the International Cometary Workshop , held in Toulouse , France in April 2014 , where the participants came together to assess our knowledge of comets prior to the ESA Rosetta Mission .	In this paper , we look at the composition of the gas and dust from the comae of comets .
Effective field theory provides a perturbative framework to study the evolution of cosmological large-scale structure .	We investigate the underpinnings of this approach , and suggest new ways to compute correlation functions of cosmological observables .
It is designed as a next generation space facility focused on indirect dark matter search , precise cosmic ray spectrum and composition measurements up to the knee energy , and high energy gamma-ray monitoring and survey .	The calorimeter plays an essential role in the main scientific objectives of HERD .
This ontology is based on impossible to realize measurements which need to be performed repeatedly on the same single physical system or on the same pair of physical systems .	We agree that quantum mechanics is a contextual theory and that the experimental contexts have to be a part of any description of quantum phenomena but in our opinion this new ontology is neither convincing nor useful .
We further estimate the observable parameters and find them to fit well with recent observational data from WMAP7 by using the code CAMB .	We also explore the possibility of primordial black hole formation from our model .
These are classified as the Discrete Symmetry ( DS ) , Higher Dimensional Operators ( HDO ) , and Additional Neutral Fermion ( ANF ) methods .	The DS method can solve the problem , but requires additional Higgs doublets that do not get vacuum expectation values .
The sender 's strategy , called a code , maps states of nature to signals .	The receiver 's best response is to decode the received channel output as the state with highest expected receiver payoff .
It is packaged as Matlab toolbox to allow easy development of complex CA client applications entirely in Matlab .	The benefits include : the ability to calculate and display parameters that use Epics process variables as inputs , availability of Matlab graphics tools for user interface design , and integration with Matlab-based accelerator modeling tool Matlab Accelerator Toolbox .
The spectra of the outer lobes and the central source are consistent with being straight , indicating spectral ages of $ \lapp17- $ 23 Myr for the outer lobes , and $ \lapp $ 0.1 Myr for the central source .	The north-western lobe has a prominent hotspot suggesting that the interruption of jet activity is $ \lapp $ 0.1 Myr , consistent with the age of the inner double .
An approximation of the third order cumulant was shown to have limitations on the range of dynamic stochastic system parameters .	The applicability of the theoretical approaches developed so far is discussed for an adequate characterisation of the escape rate measured in experiments .
We analyse this issue in detail for the bosonic theory and further for the supersymmetric theory on the $ C^2/Z_2 $ orbifold .	We elucidate on the exact role played by the constant background $ B $ -field in this correspondence .
Let $ u : \Omega \subseteq \mathbb { R } ^n \longrightarrow \mathbb { R } ^N $ be a smooth map and $ n , N \in \mathbb { N } $ .	The $ \infty $ -Laplacian is the PDE system \ [ \tag { 1 } \label { 1 } \Delta_\infty u \ , : =\ , \Big ( Du \otimes Du + |Du|^2 [ Du ] ^\bot\ !
We derive a general , basis independent expression for the lattice operator , and show that its off-diagonal elements can be tailored to couple the vibrational manifolds of separate magnetic sublevels .	Using these couplings one can evolve the state of a trapped atom in a quantum coherent fashion , and prepare pure quantum states by resolved-sideband Raman cooling .
For a compact manifold $ M $ , the Fr\'echet algebra of smooth functions $ C^ { \infty } ( M ) $ is the prototype of such a continuous inverse algebra .	We show that if $ A $ is a complete commutative CIA , $ G $ a compact group and $ ( A , G , \alpha ) $ a dynamical system , then each character of $ B : =A^G $ can be extended to a character of $ A $ .
We then derive necessary ( Euler-Lagrange equations ) and sufficient conditions for extremals .	The concept of association is used to obtain connections to a distributional description of singular variational problems .
We show that in particular case of $ N=3 $ these two non-Einstein terms are equally important on power-law solutions .	These solutions and their stability have been studied using dynamical system approach .
This paper analyzes the suitability of a beamed propulsion concept having properties consistent with the impulse gravity generator described by Podkletnov et al .	[ physics/0108005 ] .
Experiments suggest that motor proteins interact locally via short-range potentials .	We investigate the fundamental role of these interactions by analyzing a new class of totally asymmetric exclusion processes where interactions are accounted for in a thermodynamically consistent fashion .
In the present work , it is shown that the geometerization philosophy has not been exhausted .	Some quantum roots are already built in non-symmetric geometries .
This is an extensive work to our previous paper \cite { key-08 } studied on the D0-D4/D8 holographic system .	We compute the three-body force for baryons with the D0-D4/D8 matrix model derived in \cite { key-08 } with considering the non-zero QCD vacuum .
First we derive an expression for the power spectrum of cosmological objects in real space on a light cone , $ P^ { \rm LC } _ { \rm R , lin } ( k ) $ , which is exact in linear theory of density perturbations .	Next we incorporate corrections for the nonlinear density evolution and redshift-space distortion in the formula in a phenomenological manner which is consistent with recent numerical simulations .
In addition , we show that a massive gauge singlet state carrying the KK number exists stably .	This provides a proper candidate for dark matter .
98 , 070201 ( 2007 ) ] allows to simulate unitary evolution and to compute the ground state of one-dimensional quantum lattice systems in the thermodynamic limit .	Here we extend the algorithm to tackle a much broader class of problems , namely the simulation of arbitrary one-dimensional evolution operators that can be expressed as a ( translationally invariant ) tensor network .
Although the chiral Gaussian unitary ensemble as well as the Gaussian unitary ensemble are associated to the Dyson index $ \beta=2 $ the intermediate ensembles exhibit a mixing of orthogonal polynomials and skew-orthogonal polynomials .	We consider the Hermitian as well as the non-Hermitian Wilson random matrix and derive the corresponding polynomials , their recursion relations , Christoffel-Darboux-like formulas , Rodrigues formulas and representations as random matrix averages in a unifying way .
In this paper , two things are done .	( i ) Using cohomological techniques , we explore the consistent deformations of linearized conformal gravity in 4 dimensions .
Much work has been done on the computation of market equilibria .	However due to strategic play by buyers , it is not clear whether these are actually observed in the market .
This is observed for multiple optical modes of the device , all of which couple to the same mechanical mode , and which can be widely separated in wavelength due to the large bandgap of Si3N4 .	These properties are exploited to demonstrate frequency upconversion and downconversion of optical signals between the 1300 nm and 980 nm bands with a frequency span of 69.4 THz .
In the present work , we study the microscopic relaxation processes in Laponite suspensions , a model soft glassy material , by dynamic light scattering ( DLS ) experiments .	$ \alpha $ and $ \beta $ -relaxation timescales are estimated from the autocorrelation functions obtained by DLS measurements for Laponite suspensions with different concentrations , salt concentrations and temperatures .
Proposed in this paper is a possible interaction which exists in nature - inertial interaction .	It gives matter an inertia and inertial mass .
We introduce an efficient recovery algorithm for the unknown angles from the top eigenvector of a specially designed Hermitian matrix .	The eigenvector method is extremely stable and succeeds even when the number of outliers is exceedingly large .
The real homogeneous Monge-Amp\` { e } re equation in one space and one time dimensions admits infinitely many Hamiltonian operators and is completely integrable by Magri 's theorem .	This remarkable property holds in arbitrary number of dimensions as well , so that among all integrable nonlinear evolution equations the real homogeneous Monge-Amp\` { e } re equation is distinguished as one that retains its character as an integrable system in multi-dimensions .
The ATLAS and CMS experiments have searched for non-perturbative low-scale gravity states using the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) with a proton -- proton centre of mass energy of 8 TeV .	These experiments have now seriously confronted the possibility of producing non-perturbative low-scale gravity states which were proposed over 17 years ago .
We find a new set of string fields which satisfies the KBc algebra , but the nilpotent kinetic operator is that of the theory expanded around the identity-based marginal solution .	By use of these string fields , we construct the tachyon vaccum solution in marginally deformed backgrounds .
We find that : 1 ) bias stochasticity does not affect the use of the bispectrum to recover the mean biasing relation between galaxies and mass , at least for models in which the scatter is uncorrelated at large scales .	2 ) radial redshift distortions do not change significantly the monopole power spectrum and bispectrum compared to their plane-parallel values .
We report on progress in evaluating quantum filed theories with supersymmetric discrete light-cone quantization ( SDLCQ ) .	We compare the method to lattice gauge theory and point out its relevance for lattice calculations .
Adjusting free parameters properly , all elements of the predicted mixing matrix $ U_ { \rm PMNS } $ are in $ 3 \sigma $ range of the latest global analysis .	Since a strongly hierarchical $ Y_ { \nu } $ can be realized in this framework , it shows a possibility that large mixings of the leptons and small mixings of the quarks can be explained in a simple unified picture , such as in $ SO ( 10 ) $ grand united theory with democratic texture .
The atmospheric conditions at Dome C deliver a high sensitivity , high photometric precision , wide-field , high spatial resolution , and high-cadence imaging capability to the PILOT telescope .	These capabilities enable a unique scientific potential for PILOT , which is addressed in this series of papers .
On the basis of the author 's earlier results , a new source function for a numerical wind-wave model optimized by the criterion of accuracy and speed of calculation is substantiated .	The proposed source function includes ( a ) an optimized version of the discrete interaction approximation for parametrization of the nonlinear evolution mechanism , ( b ) a generalized empirical form of the input term modified by adding a special block of the dynamic boundary layer of the atmosphere , and ( c ) a dissipation term quadratic in the wave spectrum .
This dependence makes the experimental extraction of the coercive electric field difficult .	The bifurcation of the driven Landau-Khalatnikov model is explained in detail .
This study is based on a simple scalar model for the two-nucleon interaction and the production mechanism .	An algorithm for the exact numerical treatment of the inherent three-body cuts , together with its straightforward implementation is presented .
A strong step bunching instability takes place when the kinetic length is larger than the average distance between the steps on the vicinal surface .	In the opposite limit the instability is weak and step bunching can occur only when the magnitude of step-step repulsion is small .
In the optically thin circumstellar environments the radiation temperature can not be assumed to be equal to the gas temperature , hence the two-temperature Planck means are necessary to calculate the radiative equilibrium .	By using the two-temperature mean opacity one does obtain the proper equilibrium gas temperature in a circumstellar environment , which is in a chemical equilibrium .
We treat a certain class of point sets $ \mathcal { P } $ called digital nets .	A Koksma-Hlawka type inequality is an inequality bounding the integration error $ \text { Err } ( f ; \mathcal { P } ) : =I ( f ) -I_ { \mathcal { P } } ( f ) $ by a bound of the form $ |\text { Err } ( f ; \mathcal { P } ) |\le C\cdot \|f\|\cdot D ( \mathcal { P } ) $ .
The filtered derived category of an abelian category has played a useful role in subjects including geometric representation theory , mixed Hodge modules , and the theory of motives .	We develop a natural generalization using current methods of homotopical algebra , in the formalisms of both stable infinity-categories and stable model categories .
We further extend these results for compact binaries in quasi-elliptical orbits using the 3PN quasi-Keplerian representation of the conserved dynamics of compact binaries in eccentric orbits .	Using the multipolar post-Minkowskian formalism , starting from the different mass and current type multipole moments , we compute the spin weighted spherical harmonic decomposition of the instantaneous part of the gravitational waveform .
We study the effect of inclination onto the prevailing dynamic regime of particle motion , i.e.we ask whether the inclined field allows regular trajectories or if instead , the deterministic chaos dominates the motion .	In this contribution we further discuss the role of initial condition , particularly , the initial azimuthal angle .
This implies a dust-to-gas mass ratio for MgII clouds of about 1/100 , which is similar to the value for normal galaxies .	This would support the hypothesis of the outflow origin of MgII clouds , which are intrinsically devoid of stars and hence have no sources of dust .
For non-adiabatic perturbations , the matching hypersurface need not coincide with a uniform-density hypersurface and the tensor perturbation in the uniform-density gauge may be discontinuous .	However , we show that in the Poisson gauge both the tensor perturbation and its time-derivative are continuous for adiabatic or non-adiabatic perturbations .
There are not many practical systems which handle fuzziness and uncertainty and the few examples that we can find are used by a minority .	To extend a popular system ( which many programmers are using ) with the ability of combining crisp and fuzzy knowledge representations seems to be an interesting issue .
It is well-known that stable and unstable manifolds strongly influence fluid motion in unsteady flows .	These emanate from hyperbolic trajectories , with the structures moving nonautonomously in time .
The virtue of our formula is that it depends on the potential only implicitly through the endpoints of support of the equilibrium measure .	Our motivation is the problem of computing explicit formulas for generating functions which enumerate graphs embedded in a Riemann surface .
First , we demonstrate that data on neutral B_d-meson mixing excludes the region of model parameter space where the top asymmetry is predicted to be the largest .	Keeping the gauge couplings below the critical value that would lead to fermion condensation imposes further limits at large axigluon mass , while precision electroweak constraints on the model are relatively mild .
A subset of the TIMIT corpus composed of 200 male speakers , is used for enrollment , validation and testing .	The best results achieve 100 % ; 96 % and 95 % classi ? cation rate at population level 50 ; 100 and 200 , using 39-dimensional MFCC features with delta and double delta .
of Physics and Technol .	of Russian Acad.of Sci .
We present a detailed numerical study of the equilibrium and non-equilibrium dynamics of the phase transition in the finite-temperature Abelian Higgs model .	Our simulations use classical equations of motion both with and without hard-thermal-loop corrections , which take into account the leading quantum effects .
We perform a unified analysis , including systematics , backgrounds and accurate experimental setup in each case .	Each identified systematic error and background impact has been assessed on experimental setups following published data when available and extrapolating from Double Chooz acquired knowledge otherwise .
The Two Higgs Doublet Model Type III considers the most general case for the scalar potential , allowing mixing between neutral CP-even and CP-odd scalar fields .	This work presents the results of the study on the $ t\rightarrow c\gamma $ decay at one loop level if neutral flavor changing is generated by top-charm-Higgs coupling given by the Yukawa matrix .
SN 1997ff , was discovered in a repeat observation by the HST of the HDF- ) , and serendipitously monitored with NICMOS on HST throughout the GTO campaign .	The SN type can be determined from the host galaxy type : an evolved , red elliptical lacking enough recent star formation to provide a significant population of core-collapse SNe .
Two dwarfs have strong lithium absorption , the previously-known brown dwarf , LP 944-20 , and 2MASSI J0335020+234235 , which we identify as a probable 0.06 M_sun brown dwarf , age ~1 Gyr .	We have investigated the prospect of using the observed frequency of lithium absorption amongst ultracool M dwarfs ( M7 to M9.5 ) as a probe of the initial mass function .
We propose to use quantum tomography to characterize the state of a perturbed Bose-Einstein condensate .	We assume knowledge of the number of particles in the zero-wave number mode and of density distributions in space at different times , and we treat the condensate in the Bogoliubov approximation .
The interface is realized through a parabolic mirror partially surrounding the ion .	It transforms a Laguerre-Gaussian beam into a linear dipole wave converging at the mirror 's focus .
Yet the data is fragmented and an integrated model is missing .	We use a rule-based modeling approach to integrate available data and test biological hypotheses regarding the role of talin , Dok1 and PIPKI in integrin activation .
Electromagnetic decays of the scalar mesons are shown to be constrained by chiral symmetry as a consequence of the fact that , in the chiral limit , the two and three-point functions $ & lt ; SS-PP & gt ; $ and $ & lt ; VVS & gt ; $ satisfy super-convergent dispersion relations .	The QCD asymptotic behavior of the latter is canonical and it can be saturated by a finite number of resonances .
When the dynamics of the particle is linear , the resulting motion is similar to the standard motion in the classical space .	However , non-linear dynamics on the non-commutative space are different from the corresponding non-linear dynamics on the classical space .
In our implementation segmentation is extended to three dimensions by performing this process on a slice-by-slice basis .	User 's time and involvement is further reduced by allowing him to specify object contours in planes orthogonal to the slices .
Both regression and classification ( on UCI data sets ) are demonstrated and a design space trade-off between speed , power and accuracy is explored .	Our results indicate that for a wide set of problems , $ \sigma V_T $ in the range of $ 15-25 $ mV gives optimal results .
It is well known that Gaussian symplectic ensemble ( GSE ) is defined on the space of $ n\times n $ quaternion self-dual Hermitian matrices with Gaussian random elements .	There is a huge body of literature regarding this kind of matrices .
The new HFB+THO framework that follows accurately reproduces the results of coordinate-space HFB calculations for spherical nuclei , including those that are weakly bound .	Furthermore , it is fully automated , facilitating its use in systematic investigations of large sets of nuclei throughout the periodic table .
The refined conjecture has been proved for symmetric and dihedral groups .	In this paper we develop algorithmic tools to prove the conjecture computationally for a given finite Coxeter group .
This indicates a local mechanism of contrast gain control , which we explore with a minimal mechanistic model here .	Gain control through noisy input has been observed in vitro and in a range of computational models .
Moreover , stack dimerization begins well before the crossing of the neutral-ionic interface .	The evolution of the transition is similar to what observed in the temperature induced phase change in the same compound .
In this case , entanglement is also shown to obey a universal structure , given by the anomalous dimensions of the primary operators of the theory .	As an illustration , we discuss the behavior of pairwise entanglement for the eigenspectrum of the spin-1/2 XXZ chain with an arbitrary length $ L $ for both periodic and twisted boundary conditions .
In the first month after launch , users identified two new planet candidates which survived our checks for false- positives .	The follow-up effort included analysis of Keck HIRES spectra of the host stars , analysis of pixel centroid offsets in the Kepler data and adaptive optics imaging at Keck using NIRC2 .
Most of the pairs have abundance differences lower than 0.02 dex and there are no pairs with differences larger than 0.07 dex .	The four cases of differences larger than 0.02 dex may be spouriuos because of the larger error bars affecting pairs with large temperature difference , cold stars and rotating stars .
The intrinsic timing resolution 85 ps was achieved after the calibration .	We observe that the spectra of $ \pi^ { \pm } $ , $ K^ { \pm } $ , $ p $ and $ \bar { p } $ are considerably harder in d+Au than those in p+p collisions .
The demons act as a buffer between the multicanonical heat bath and the spin system , allowing the spin system to be updated with any microcanonical demon procedure , including cluster methods .	The cluster algorithm is demonstrated with the 2-dimensional 7-state Potts model , using volumes up to $ 128^2 $ .
The most fundamental role equivalence is automorphic equivalence .	Unfortunately , the fastest algorithms known for graph automorphism are nonpolynomial .
In contrast to these frequency oriented methods , we use a more spatially oriented approach in this paper .	We derive integral representations with explicitly known convolution kernels .
A matrix model describing surfaces embedded in a Bethe lattice is considered .	From the mean field point of view , it is equivalent to the Kazakov-Migdal induced gauge theory and therefore , at $ N=\infty $ and $ d & gt ; 1 $ , the latter can be interpreted as a matrix model for infinite-tension strings .
We show that the spectral effects of these three ( IMF slope , LMCO , AGB strength ) are subtle compared to age-abundance effects .	We illustrate parameter degeneracies and covariances and conclude that the three effects can be disentangled , but only in the regime of very accurate observations , with enhanced effectiveness if high-precision photometry is combined with spectroscopy .
We show that , given spectra of the real and imaginary parts of any causal frequency-dependent response function ( for example , optical conductivity , magnetic susceptibility , acoustical impedance etc . )	in a limited range , the sum-rule integral from zero to a certain cutoff frequency inside this range can be safely derived using only the Kramers-Kronig dispersion relations without any extra model assumptions .
However , the equilibrium geometries are ruled by the MoS2 layer , where the intercalated Li atoms lie on the top ( Li_T ) and hollow ( Li_H ) sites of the MoS2 layer .	We calculate the Li diffusion barriers , along the Li_T - & gt ; Li_H diffusion path , where we find similar energy barriers compared with that obtained for Li adatoms on the MoS2 surface .
This is performed using a path-integral over the modes , which generate a quasiassociative algebra .	The resulting models have a manifest U_q ( su ( 2 ) ) symmetry with a smooth limit q - & gt ; 1 , and satisfy positivity and twisted bosonic symmetry properties .
We observe in the numerical data that the model undergoes a first-order collapsing transition between the smooth phase and the collapsed phase .	Moreover the Hasudorff dimension H remains in the physical bound , i.e. , H & lt ; 3 not only in the smooth phase but also in the collapsed phase at the transition point .
In this paper , we use the spin noise spectroscopy for magnetometric purposes , particularly , to study effective fields acting upon electron spin system of an $ n $ -GaAs layer inside a high-Q microcavity in the presence of elliptically polarized probe beam .	In addition to the external magnetic field applied to the sample in the Voigt geometry and the Overhauser field created by optically oriented nuclei , the spin noise spectrum reveals an additional effective , `` optical , '' magnetic field produced by elliptically polarized probe itself .
3D modelling of cloud formation in atmospheres of extrasolar planets coupled to the atmospheric radiative , hydrodynamic and thermo-chemical properties has long been an open challenge .	We present a 3D radiative-hydrodynamic ( RHD ) atmosphere model of HD 189733b fully coupled to a kinetic , microphysical mineral cloud formation model .
The generalized gamma matrices are anticommuting and guarantee unitarity of the theory at all orders of $ v/c $ .	In the second quantized form the equation does not have unwanted ghost states in Fock space .
The perturbative parts are obtained after the subtraction .	We find that the perturbative coefficients of all structure functions in TMD factorization at leading twist are the same .
They may distinguish the Standard Model ( SM ) Higgs boson from Higgs bosons of extended models .	We show results from a direct mass and width reconstruction for a Higgs boson mass range from 120 to 340 GeV .
The classical theory of ion beam sputtering predicts the instability of a flat surface to uniform ion irradiation at any incidence angle .	We relax the assumption of the classical theory that the average surface erosion rate is determined by a Gaussian response function representing the effect of the collision cascade and consider the surface dynamics for other physically-motivated response functions .
The K20 survey is a near infrared-selected , deep ( Ks & lt ; 20 ) redshift survey targeting galaxies in two independent regions of the sky , the CDFS and the q0055-2659 field .	The total Ks-selected sample includes 545 objects .
Sleptons can easily be found at future linear e+e- colliders if kinematically accessible .	Measurements of their masses and decay distributions would then determine MSSM parameters .
( ii ) every dense separated set of points in the $ d $ -dimensional cube $ [ 0 , L ] ^d $ in $ \RR^d $ contains an arbitrary large approximate grid , if $ L $ is large enough .	A further generalization for any finite pattern in $ \RR^d $ is also established .
In M33 the discrepancy lies in the kinematics of the outermost regions .	It can be alleviated by adopting tilted ring models compatible with the 21-cm datacube but different from the one that best fits the data .
We also find that the ratio m_0^2 = g & lt ; \bar { q } \sigma G q & gt ; / & lt ; \bar { q } q & gt ; is almost independent of the temperature even in the very vicinity of T_c , which indicates that the two condensates have nontrivial similarity in the chiral behaviors .	We also present the correlation between the condensates and the Polyakov loop to understand the vacuum structure of QCD .
We present the BATSE Albedo Polarimetry System ( BAPS ) , and show that GRB 930131 and GRB 960924 provide evidence of polarisation in their prompt flux that is consistent with degrees of polarisation of $ \Pi & gt ; 35 $ % and $ \Pi & gt ; 50 $ % respectively .	While the evidence of polarisation is strong , the method is unable to strongly constrain the degree of polarisation beyond a systematics based estimation .
Quantum mechanics is an outstandingly successful description of nature , underpinning fields from biology through chemistry to physics .	At its heart is the quantum wavefunction , the central tool for describing quantum systems .
They exhibit a phase transition of the density wave type at TDW=8-10K and 12-13K respectively , evidenced by magnetoresistivity , specific heat , NMR and Hall constant measurements .	The structural study shows the presence of satellite reflections already at ambient temperature .
The basic quantity for the description of the statistical properties of physical systems is the density of states or equivalently the microcanonical entropy .	Macroscopic quantities of a system in equilibrium can be computed directly from the entropy .
For D=4 theories of a single U ( 1 ) gauge field strength coupled to gravity and matters , we show that the electric-magnetic duality can be formulated as an invariance of the actions .	The symmetry is associated with duality rotation acting directly on the gauge field .
Curvilinear acceleration is distinguished from the Newtonian polar conic acceleration .	The difference between the two is due to the curvature term .
The so-called `` alternative '' gravity theories are in fact in the standard GR gravity framework except that the cosmological `` constant '' is replaced by a non-trivial non-uniform vacuum energy , which couples the effects of Dark Matter and Dark Energy together by a single field .	Built initially bottom-up rather than top-down as most gravity theories , TeVeS-inspired theories are healthily rooted on empirical facts .
However , consistency with the solutions of the Dirac equation limits the possibilities such that conservation of angular momentum is restored .	Because the same effect occurs for a spinless particle with a sufficiently attractive inverse square potential , we also study this system .
Cryptographic security of quantum key distribution is currently based on a trace distance criterion .	The widespread misinterpretation of the criterion as failure probability and also its actual scope have been discussed previously .
The low $ B $ Hall coefficient , $ R_H $ , is found to be enhanced when $ T $ decreases .	Strong magnetic fields further enhance the slope of $ \rho_ { xy } ( B ) $ at all temperatures studied .
We present a robust adaptive beamforming algorithm based on the worst-case criterion and the constrained constant modulus approach , which exploits the constant modulus property of the desired signal .	Similarly to the existing worst-case beamformer with the minimum variance design , the problem can be reformulated as a second-order cone ( SOC ) program and solved with interior point methods .
In the normal state our model reproduces features of the Fermi Surface ( FS ) observed in ARPES measurements on optimally doped Bi2212 , such as the anisotropic suppression of spectral weight around the M points of the Brillouin zone .	The spectral density is characterized by a transfer of spectral weight from the main quasi-particle peak to dispersing shadow peaks which originate branches of a shadow FS .
We show also that the study of the structure coefficients of double-class algebras is related to the theory of Gelfand pairs and zonal spherical functions by giving , in the case of Gelfand pairs , a theorem similar to that of Frobenius which writes the structure coefficients of the double-class algebra associated to a Gelfand pair in terms of zonal spherical functions .	In the second chapter , we recall the Farahat and Higman 's theorem about the polynomiality of the structure coefficients of the center of the symmetric group algebra as well as the Ivanov and Kerov 's approach to prove this theorem .
Within this framework we identify the simplest scenario with CP-violating Higgs-top coupling which explains the enhanced rate of $ h\to\gamma\gamma $ , while the Higgs production cross section is unaffected .	Remarkably , this can be achieved with a reduced strength of the Higgs-top Yukawa coupling , $ | y_t| & lt ; | y^ { \rm SM } _t| $ , and , thus , the electroweak vacuum stability problem may also be resolved in our scenario without invoking new physics below the Planck scale .
For general disorder strength and carrier doping , we find that at large times , superdiffusion occurs .	I.e. , the mean squared displacement grows as $ \sim t\ln t $ .
In this competitive environment , the number of authors per paper is increasing and apparently some co-authors do n't satisfy authorship criteria .	Listing of individual contributions is still sporadic and also open to manipulation .
A semi-analytical technique is used : All angular phase space integrations , five for the tree level process , seven if ISR is included , are carried out analytically .	The remaining phase space variables are the invariant masses of the two decaying $ Z^0 $ \ bosons for tree level plus the reduced center of mass energy squared in the ISR case .
In spin ice with short-range interactions up to second neighbors , there is an intermediate critical phase separated from the paramagnetic and ordered phases by Kosterlitz-Thouless transitions .	In dipolar spin ice , the intermediate phase has long-range order of staggered magnetic charges .
Using the expansions of the heavy meson decay widths in the heavy quark mass and QCD sum rules for estimates of corresponding matrix elements , \ , we calculate the $ D^ { \pm , o , s } $ decay widths and the $ B^ { \pm , o , s } $ lifetime differences .	The results for D mesons are in agreement with the data , \ , while it is predicted that $ [ \Gamma ( B^o ) -\Gamma ( B^- ) ] /\Gamma_B\se 4\ % \ , , $ and the lifetime difference of the $ B^o $ and $ B_s $ mesons is even smaller .
Using traversable wormholes as theoretical background , we revisit a deep question of general relativity : Does a uniformly accelerated charged particle radiate ?	We particularize to the recently proposed gravitational \v { C } erenkov radiation , that happens when the spatial part of the Ricci tensor is negative .
When the moduli space is perturbed by generic tree level superpotentials , the vacuum space becomes discrete .	The ring moose is in the Coulomb phase and we find two singular submanifolds with a nontrivial modulus that is a function of all the independent gauge invariants needed to parameterize the quantum moduli space .
Furthermore , each sector $ \sigma $ of these string systems shows the following properties : a ) 26 effective degrees of freedom , b ) a Lorentzian space-time with space-time dimension $ D ( \sigma ) \leq 26 $ , c ) an $ SO ( D ( \sigma ) -1,1 ) $ -invariant ordinary string subsystem with quantized intercept less than or equal one , and d ) an extra set of $ ( 26-D ( \sigma ) ) $ twisted fields which are $ SO ( D ( \sigma ) -1,1 ) $ scalars .	Subexamples of non-tachyonic strings and four-dimensional strings are noted .
We obtain a family of matrix integrals which decompose to a product of Gamma-functions ( they have some relations with S.G.Gindikin 'Beta ' , but generally speaking essentially differ from it ) .	We obtain Plancherel formula for Berezin representations for all series of classical groups ( for large values of parameters of representations ) .
We analyse the prospect of extending the reach for squarks and gauginos via associated production at a $ \sqrt { s } = 100 $ TeV proton-proton collider , given 3 ab $ ^ { -1 } $ integrated luminosity .	Depending on the gluino mass , the discovery reach for squarks in associated production with a gluino can be up to 37 TeV for compressed spectra ( small gluino-LSP mass splitting ) , and up to 32 TeV for non-compressed spectra .
Motivated by the problem of finding an explicit description of a developable narrow Moebius strip of minimal bending energy , which was first formulated by M. Sadowsky in 1930 , we will develop the theory of elastic strips .	Recently E.L. Starostin and G.H.M .
For a PI-algebra R over a field of characteristic 0 let T ( R ) be the T-ideal of the polynomial identities of R and let c ( R , t ) be the codimension series of R ( i.e. , the generating function of the codimension sequence of R ) .	Let A , B and R be PI-algebras such that T ( R ) =T ( A ) T ( B ) .
In its bulk form , black phosphorus shows high carrier mobility ( ~10000 cm2/Vs ) and a ~0.3 eV direct bandgap .	Well-behaved p-type field-effect transistors with mobilities of up to 1000 cm2/Vs , as well as phototransistors , have been demonstrated on few-layer black phosphorus , showing its promise for electronics and optoelectronics applications due to its high hole mobility and thickness-dependence direct bandgap .
We consider the entropy of four-dimensional near-extremal N=2 black holes .	Without R^2-terms , the Bekenstein-Hawking entropy formula has the structure of the extremal black holes entropy with a shift of the charges depending on the non-extremality parameter and the moduli at infinity .
The module operates in real-time mode and includes fluid and structural sub-models for simulation of porous flow through the dike and for dike stability analysis .	Real-time measurements obtained from pore pressure sensors are fed into the simulation module , to be compared with simulated pore pressure dynamics .
Firstly , it will be shown that there exists a unique Thompson 's metric geodesic connecting $ x $ and $ y $ in the cone of positive self-adjoint elements in a unital $ C^* $ -algebra if , and only if , the spectrum of $ x^ { -1/2 } yx^ { -1/2 } $ is contained in $ \ { 1/\beta , \beta\ } $ for some $ \beta\geq 1 $ .	A similar result will be established for symmetric cones .
It is invariant under the standard symmetry groups ( orthogonal and unitary ) and yet the interaction between eigenvalues is not Vandermondian .	The ensemble contains real symmetric or complex hermitian matrices $ \mathbf { S } $ of the form $ \mathbf { S } =\sum_ { i=1 } ^M \langle \mathbf { O } _i \mathbf { D } _i\mathbf { O } _i^ { \mathrm { T } } \rangle $ or $ \mathbf { S } =\sum_ { i=1 } ^M \langle \mathbf { U } _i \mathbf { D } _i\mathbf { U } _i^\dagger\rangle $ respectively .
But this assumption does not accord with the common sense understanding that users have a limited scope and awareness of items .	For example , a user might not have heard of a certain paper , or might live too far away from a restaurant to experience it .
The analysis of eight molecular datasets involving human and teleost examples along with morphological samples from several groups of Neotropical electric fish ( Order : Gymnotiformes ) were used in this thesis to test the dynamics of both intraspecific variation and interspecific diversity .	In terms of investigating molecular interspecific diversity among humans , two experimental exercises were performed .
One is nanographene sheets inclined from a highly oriented pyrolitic graphite ( HOPG ) substrate and the other is several-layer-thick graphene sheets with dislocation-network structures against a HOPG substrate .	As for the former , the in-plane periodicity increased gradually in the direction of inclination , and it is easily changed by attachment of a nanographite flake on the nanographene sheets .
The cosmological dynamics crucially depends on the asymptotic behavior of the quantity $ \lambda=-M_pV_\phi/V^ { 3/2 } $ .	If $ \lambda $ is a constant , which corresponds to an inverse square potential $ V ( \phi ) \propto \phi^ { -2 } $ , there exists one stable critical point that gives an acceleration of the universe at late times .
This paper proposes a parallel in time ( called also time parareal ) method to solve Volterra integral equations of the second kind .	The parallel in time approach follows the same spirit as the domain decomposition that consists of breaking the domain of computation into subdomains and solving iteratively the sub-problems in a parallel way .
The fundamental theorem of Riemannian geometry is inverted for analytic Christoffel symbols .	The inversion formula , henceforth dubbed Ricardo 's formula , is obtained without ancillary assumptions .
An unconventional pairing mechanism in the heavy-fermion material $ \mathrm { URu_ { 2 } Si_ { 2 } } $ is studied .	We propose a mixed singlet-triplet $ d $ -density wave to be the hidden-order state in $ \mathrm { URu_ { 2 } Si_ { 2 } } $ .
Here we describe an method that can rapidly generate large entangled states with an error accumulation that depends only logarithmically on the failure probability .	We find that the approach may be practical for success rates in the sub-10 % range , while ultimately becoming unfeasible at lower rates .
The mass of the third body is determined to be M3 sin i = 0.0377 ( +/-0.0043 ) Msun when a total mass of 0.617 Msun for HS 0705+6700 is adopted .	For orbital inclinations i & gt ; = 32.8 , the mass of the tertiary component would be below the stable hydrogen-burning limit of M3~0.072 Msun , and thus it would be a brown dwarf .
Our study shows that the LHT model can make a significant contribution to these processes .	When the masses of mirror quarks become large , these two processes are accessible at the ILC .
A continuous field theory which describes the process of doping in high-T $ _c $ superconductors of the YBCO-type is presented .	It is shown that the introduction of dopants produces the creation of skyrmion topological excitations on the antiferromagnetic background .
For the metallized surface problem , the secular equation is a quadratic in the squared wave speed ; for the un-metallized surface problem , it is a sextic in the squared wave speed ; for the thin conducting boundary problem , it is of degree 16 in the speed .	The relevant root of the secular equation can be identified and the complete solution is then found ( attenuation factors , field profiles , etc . ) .
Here we directly follow the excited carriers in bilayer graphene on a femtosecond time scale , using ultrafast time- and angle-resolved photoemission .	We find a behavior consistent with a single-particle band gap .
We introduce a corresponding equilibrium concept with sublinear prices and establish their existence .	In general , such equilibria lead to Pareto inefficiency and coincide with Arrow -- Debreu equilibria only if the values of net trades are ambiguity -- free in the mean .
Proposed is the introduction of the { \it reference vacuum } which takes care of thermal and non-adiabatic time-evolution of a system , and produces a time-dependent Fock 's representation space .	This may provide us with an extension of the concept of { \it dynamical mapping } where a migration among unitary inequivalent representation spaces can be handled for non-equilibrium and dissipative systems .
Here , the collinear structure in transverse Drell-Yan is investigated in detail using dimensional regularization and the correct behaviour is found , although the mechanism is non-trivial .	The resulting n-dimensional transversity splitting function ( and consequently the one-loop transversity distribution and its two-loop evolution ) is found to be the same in both the anticommuting-gamma_5 scheme and the HVBM scheme .
In this letter , we investigate the nature of the dramatic `super-bubble ' emission structures associated with the z=2.44 radio galaxy MRC 0406-244 , using rest-frame optical spectroscopy and an archival HST NICMOS image .	Based on the optical line ratios and the HST morphology , we conclude that the gas in the superbubbles is photoionized by the obscured active nucleus .
This scenario does not require any modifications in the standard Big Bang Nucleosynthesis ( BBN ) .	We estimate the required values of the cross-section-to-mass ratio for elastic scattering of CDM particles off baryons .
We show by an explicit hyperK\ '' ahler quotient construction that the relative metric of the moduli space of two instantons on $ R^4 $ is the Eguchi-Hanson metric and find a unique threshold bound state .	For two instantons on $ R^3\times S^1 $ , otherwise known as calorons , we give the asymptotic metric and conjecture a completion .
We consider selected topics of relativistic superfluidity within gauge/string duality .	Non-relativistically , the only conservation law relevant to the hydrodynamic approximation is the energy-momentum conservation .
Moreover , nuclear starburst luminosity is more strongly correlated with the AGN luminosity normalized with AGN Eddington luminosity than is circumnuclear starburst luminosity .	This implies that starbursts nearer the AGN could have a greater effect on AGN mass accretion .
Superfluid turbulence , often referred to as quantum turbulence , is a fascinating phenomenon for which a satisfactory theoretical framework is lacking .	Holographic duality provides a systematic new approach to studying quantum turbulence by mapping the dynamics of certain quantum theories onto the dynamics of classical gravity .
This set of properties aims at making precise several notions on the production of metabolites , which are familiar in the biologists ' terminology .	From a theoretical point of view , biochemical reactions are abstractly represented as causal implications and the produced metabolites as causal consequences of the implication representing the corresponding reaction .
In the considered scenario a single training-video is available for each gesture to be recognized , which limits the application of traditional techniques ( e.g. , HMMs ) .	In PMC , a 2D map of motion energy is obtained per each pair of consecutive frames in a video .
However , numerical simulations by Kim & amp ; Morris showed that this is only possible if the cluster initially has an extremely dense core .	Hansen & amp ; Milosavljevic recently suggested that the presence of an IMBH in the cluster core might stabilize the core against tidal disruption during the inspiral through dynamical friction , and thus might easily deliver young stars down to the central parsec .
The software process model consists of a set of activities undertaken to design , develop and maintain software systems .	A variety of software process models have been designed to structure , describe and prescribe the software development process .
However , the fourth node is not merely a relay since it can exchange private messages with all other nodes .	This situation resembles the case where a base station relays messages between users and delivers messages between the backbone system and the users .
This provides a universal energy calibration curve valid for different liquids used in this type of detector .	Two widely used liquids , R114 and C4F10 , one for neutron detection and the other for WIMPs dark matter search experiment , have been compared .
Numerical results for dots with different number of electrons whose ground-state is described within a local Current Density Functional Theory are discussed .	Two sum rules , which are exact within this theory , are derived .
It is seen that during a certain time interval the time-evolving transmission probability increases compared to the corresponding unperturbed cases .	In the literature this effect is known as superarrival in transmission probability .
Our sample consists of galaxies with secure spectroscopic redshifts observed in the COSMOS field .	With the large uncertainties , the compact galaxy number density trend with redshift is consistent with a constant value over the interval $ 0.2 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.8 $ .
We discover a region of linear stability expressed in terms of the homogeneity parameter $ \alpha $ and the mass parameter $ \beta $ , then we compute the Morse index of this orbit and of its iterates and we find that the boundary of the stability region is the envelope of a family of curves on which the Morse indices of the iterates jump .	In order to conduct our analysis we rely on a Maslov-type index theory devised and developed by Y.~Long , X.~Hu and S.~Sun ; a key role is played by an appropriate index theorem and by some precise computations of suitable Maslov-type indices .
The program can simulate 2 and 2 + 1 fermion flavours with pure , clover improved , and stout smeared fat link Wilson fermions as well as standard plaquette , and an improved ( rectangle ) gauge action .	The single flavour is simulated with the Rational Hybrid Monte-Carlo algorithm .
A model for competing ( resp .	complementary ) risks survival data where the failure time can be left ( resp .
The problem is particularly severe in the minimal supersymmetric extension of the standard model ( MSSM ) .	We present a solution to this problem that does not require an extension of the MSSM at the weak scale .
However , the best fit points of the two sets differ from each other by about $ 10^ { -5 } $ eV $ ^2 $ in mass-square differenc and by about $ 2^\circ $ in the mixing angle .	Future solar neutrino and reactor anti-neutrino experiments are likely to reduce the uncertainties in these measurements .
It has been conjectured that the n for which the coefficient of x^n in 1/ [ i ] is 1 form a set of density 0 .	This is probably always false , but in certain cases , for n restricted to certain arithmetic progressions , it is true .
At temperatures above the electroweak scale , the rate of the sphaleron transitions is unsuppressed and has been accurately measured using effective theories on the lattice .	At temperatures substantially below the electroweak scale , the Higgs field expectation value is large and the sphaleron rate is strongly suppressed .
In previous work the Type IIB supergravity dual of this theory was constructed to leading non-trivial order in M/N : it is the AdS_5 x T^ { 1,1 } background with NS-NS and R-R 2-form fields turned on .	Far in the UV this dual description was shown to reproduce the logarithmic flow of couplings found in the field theory .
Specimens with different porosities ranging from 30 % to 59 % have been synthetized from a mixture of fine-grained alumina and graphite .	The compressive strength as well as the characteristics of the acoustic activity have been determined .
We vary this structure by using four different magnetic field configurations , ranging from the `` potential '' configuration ( Ouyed & amp ; Pudritz 1997 ) , to the increasingly more steeply falling Blandford & amp ; Payne ( 1982 ) and Pelletier & amp ; Pudritz ( 1992 ) models , and ending with a quite steeply raked configuration that bears similarities to the Shu X-wind model .	We find that the radial distribution of the mass load has a profound effect on both the rotational profile of the underlying jet as well as the degree of collimation of its outflow velocity and magnetic field lines .
As a result , the recently studied current-induced domain wall motion ( CIDWM ) in these materials promises to enable a novel class of data , memory , and logic devices .	In this letter , we propose the spin Hall effect as a radically new mechanism for CIDWM .
This equation naturally appears as a part of a set of the quantum hydrodynamics ( QHD ) equations .	Consequently , we present the set of the QHD equations derived from the many-particle microscopic Schrodinger equation , which consists of the continuity equation , the Euler equation , the Bloch equation and equation of the spin-current evolution .
We perform a comparison of the different future neutrino oscillation experiments based on the achievable precision in the determination of the fundamental parameters theta_ { 13 } and the CP phase , delta , assuming that theta_ { 13 } is in the range indicated by the recent Daya Bay measurement .	We study the non-trivial dependence of the error on delta on its true value .
Introduction , 2 .	Phenomenology of mature topics , 2.1 Bose-Einstein correlations , 2.2 Fluctuations , 2.3 Phenomenology of QCD and other dynamics , 3 .
This description allows us to demonstrate that the rank-frequency relations for phonemes of a text do depend on its author .	The author-dependency effect is not caused by the author 's vocabulary ( common words used in different texts ) , and is confirmed by several alternative means .
It may be represented on a plane by means of a stereographic projection .	Accounting structural stability , a modification of the model is undertaken to obtain a set of two non-autonomous differential equations of the first order with smooth coefficients .
Using representative models for each environment we derive fundamental descriptions of the coupling of the constituent parts to each other and to the electric and magnetic fields , and we examine the variation in magnetization of the ionized component .	Using these descriptions we compare related phenomena in the two environments , and discuss electric currents , energy transfer and dissipation .
This result is based on wide field and high sensitivity CO ( 3-2 ) observations at 100 pc resolution .	Star formation efficiencies ( SFE ) , defined as $ \Sigma_ { \rm SFR } $ / $ \Sigma_ { \rm H_2 } $ , in GHRs are found to be about 1 dex higher than in other disk regions .
We obtain the free energies and critical exponents of models associated with elliptic solutions of the star-triangle relation and reflection equation .	The models considered are related to the affine Lie algebras A_1^ { ( 1 ) } , B_n^ { ( 1 ) } , C_n^ { ( 1 ) } and D_n^ { ( 1 ) } .
This application of computational fluid dynamics is of particular interest to the oil and gas industry and the subject could be a starting point for an undergraduate or graduate student in physics or engineering .	We built artificial samples of porous media with different porosities and used Sailfish to simulate the fluid flow through in order to calculate permeability and tortuosity .
While the distribution of the flare fluence observed in coronal emission has been widely studied and found to scale as f ( E ) ~ E^ { -\alpha } , with \alpha slightly below 2 , the distribution of the flare fluence in chromospheric lines is poorly known .	We used the solar irradiance measurements observed by the SDO/EVE instrument at a 10s-cadence to investigate if there is a dependency of the scaling exponent on the formation region of the lines ( or temperature ) .
This thesis is about the problem of compositionality in distributional semantics .	Distributional semantics presupposes that the meanings of words are a function of their occurrences in textual contexts .
The second one , based on measure L , was described in 2009 by Chicharro et al . [ 5 ] .	The third method , called convergent cross-mapping , came from Sugihara et al. , 2012 [ 28 ] .
Due to atomic interactions and dispersion in the total atom number , the order parameter of a pair-condensed Fermi gas experiences a collapse in a time that we derive microscopically .	As in the bosonic case , this blurring time depends on the derivative of the gas chemical potential with respect to the atom number and on the variance of that atom number .
In particular , I show how the symmetry algebra of the standard 2-D Kepler system , which was identified by Daboul and Slodowy as an infinite-dimensional Kac-Moody loop algebra , and was denoted by $ { \mathbb H } _2 $ , gets reduced by the symmetry breaking term , defined by the Hamiltonian \ [ H ( \beta ) = \frac 1 { 2m } ( p_1^2+p_2^2 ) - \frac \alpha r - \beta r^ { -1/2 } \cos ( ( \phi-\gamma ) /2 ) .	\ ] For this $ H ( \beta ) $ I define two symmetry loop algebras $ { \mathfrak L } _ { i } ( \beta ) , i=1,2 $ , by choosing the `basic generators ' differently .
We study the single transverse-spin asymmetry for the inclusive direct-photon and single-jet productions in the proton-proton collision based on the twist-3 mechanism in the collinear factorization .	Taking into account all the effects from the twist-3 quark-gluon correlation functions inside a transversely polarized proton , we present a prediction for the asymmetries at the typical RHIC kinematics .
We consider GRBs samples to achieve the luminosity distance to redshift relation and derive the values of the cosmographic parameters considering several possible scaling relations .	GRBs , if calibrated by SNeIa , seem reliable as distance indicators and give cosmographic parameters in good agreement with the LCDM model .
An adaptive spatial discretization is proposed that conserves the energy inequality in the fully discrete setting by applying a suitable post processing step to the adaptive cycle .	For the fully discrete scheme a quasi-reliable error estimator is derived which estimates the error both of the flow velocity , and of the phase field .
Even in the absence of matter perturbations , vector perturbations in the bulk metric can support vector metric perturbations on the brane .	We show that during de Sitter inflation on the brane vector perturbations in the bulk obey the same wave equation for a massless five-dimensional field as found for tensor perturbations .
In this work , we present detailed measurements of the Casimir-Lifshitz force between two gold surfaces ( a sphere and a plate ) immersed in ethanol and study the effect of residual electrostatic forces , which are dominated by static fields within the apparatus and can be reduced with proper shielding .	Electrostatic forces are further reduced by Debye screening through the addition of salt ions to the liquid .
But looking at the amount of information which a business holds it becomes difficult to identify the items of user interest .	Therefore personalization or user profiling is one of the challenging tasks that give access to user relevant information which can be used in solving the difficult task of classification and ranking items according to an individuals interest .
On the quantum side , QPAlg provides quantum variables , operations on quantum variables ( unitary operators and measurement observables ) , as well as new forms of communications involving the quantum world .	The operational semantics makes sure that these quantum objects , operations and communications operate according to the postulates of quantum mechanics .
The doping dependence of lattice constants studied in a range of x=0.0-0.2 shows a monotonic decrease in a , while the c parameter remains almost invariant .	Using X-ray diffraction and Auger electron spectroscopy , the solubility limit of C in MgB2 was estimated to be about 15 ( +/- ) 1 % , which is substantially larger than that reported for the polycrystalline samples synthesized by encapsulation techniques .
Curiously , in the optical domain , observations of such phase transitions remain elusive .	However , efforts to integrate optical and mechanical systems -- optomechanics -- suggest that a hybrid approach combining the quantum control of optical systems with the engineerability of mechanical systems may provide a new avenue for such explorations .
We present results of analysis of a Chandra observation of Cygnus A in which the X-ray hotspots at the ends of the jets are mapped in detail .	A hardness map reveals previously unknown structure in the form of outer and inner hard arcs around the hotspots , with hardness significantly enhanced compared with the hotspot central regions .
{ \bf 73 } , 1497 ( 1994 ) ) , the sub-leading terms $ \sim b^ { 2 } $ being different .	Numerical data confirms our analytical calculation .
We carry out direct numerical simulations in a long narrow domain and observe that individual turbulent stripes are transient .	In agreement with recent observations in pipe flow we find that turbulence becomes sustained at a distinct critical point once the spatial proliferation outweighs the inherent decaying process .
Stirling has showed that strong bisimilarity is decidable for PDA .	On the negative side Srba demonstrated that the weak bisimilarity is undecidable for normed PDA .
The goal of this letter is to study the direct CP violation asymmetry in a class of processes where there has been recent theoretical progress , as for example the B decays into two light pseudoscalars mesons and into a light pseudoscalar and a light vector meson .	We identify relations between rate asymmetries which are valid in the SU ( 3 ) limit in the standard model and we compute SU ( 3 ) breaking corrections to them , going beyond the naive factorization by using the QCD improved factorization model of Beneke { \it et al . } .
It has recently been shown that domain walls in ferromagnets can be moved in the presence of thermal gradients .	In this work we study the motion of narrow domain walls in low-dimensional systems when subjected to thermal gradients .
This new approach gives the correct weak and strong coupling limit in $ U $ by introducing adjustable parameters in the self-energy and imposing self-consistency of the occupation number of the impurity .	We have found that the zero-temperature linear response conductance agrees well with that obtained from the exact sum rule .
The method is applied to historical end of day data from the Japanese stock market during 2002 .	By studying the time dependence of the spins , we find clear evidence for a double-power law decay of the proportion of shares that remain either above or below ` starting\rq\ values chosen at random .
In a fusion reactor , a proton and a neutron generated in previous reactions may again fuse with each other .	Or they can in turn fuse with or be captured by an un-reacted deuteron .
These functions measure the spatial correlations of the relaxation of different particles .	We found that these four-point functions are anisotropic and depend on the angle between vectors k and r ( or q ) .
This ratio varies considerably with the geometry .	For highly polarizable atoms in certain geometries , the magnitude of the three body energy is comparable to that of the two body energy and can be either attractive or repulsive .
It is well known that the long-range effect of the disclination deficit-angle can be modelled in the continuum Dirac-equation approximation by a spin connection and a non-abelian gauge field .	We show here that to understand the bound states localized in the vicinity of a pair of pentagons one must , in addition to the long-range topological effects of the curvature and gauge flux , consider the effect the short-range lattice disruption near the defect .
Well tempered neutralinos are studied in the context of supersymmetric grand unified theories with third family Yukawa coupling unification .	A global chi^2 analysis is performed , including the observables MW , MZ , GF , alpha_em , alpha_s ( MZ ) , Mt , mb ( mb ) , Mtau , b - & gt ; s gamma , BR ( Bs - & gt ; mu^+ mu^- ) , Mh and Omegah^2 .
This work developes a quantitative framework for describing the overcompleteness of a large class of frames .	A previous paper introduced notions of localization and approximation between two frames $ \mathcal { F } = \ { f_i\ } _ { i \in I } $ and $ \mathcal { E } = \ { e_j\ } _ { j \in G } $ ( $ G $ a discrete abelian group ) , relating the decay of the expansion of the elements of $ \mathcal { F } $ in terms of the elements of $ \mathcal { E } $ via a map $ a \colon I \to G $ .
SEI line-synthesis models are used to determine the radial optical depths of blue and red components of the SiIV 1400 resonance line doublet in a sample of 12 B0 to B4 supergiants .	We focus on stars with well developed NACs and relatively low terminal velocity so that the SiIV doublet components can be treated as radiatively decoupled and formed independently .
The window produces the bound states below the essential spectrum ; we obtain two-sided estimates for them .	It is also shown that the eigenvalues emerge from the threshold of essential spectrum as the window passes through certain critical shapes .
We consider a Hamiltonian system which has an elliptic-hyperbolic equilibrium with a homoclinic loop .	We identify the set of orbits which are homoclinic to the center manifold of the equilibrium via a Lyapunov- Schmidt reduction procedure .
We compute the radiation reaction force on the orbital motion of compact binaries to the 3.5 post-Newtonian ( 3.5PN ) approximation , i.e.one PN order beyond the dominant effect .	The method is based on a direct PN iteration of the near-zone metric and equations of motion of an extended isolated system , using appropriate `` asymptotically matched '' flat-space-time retarded potentials .
Underlying the formulation there exists a basic cocycle condition which is invariant under $ D $ -- dimensional M\ '' obius transformations with respect to the Euclidean or Minkowski metrics .	The invariance under global M\ '' obius transformations implies that spatial space is compact .
The unique observation allows us to construct a relatively detailed picture of the layered geometrical structure of the supernova ejecta : in our interpretation , the ejecta layers near the photosphere ( v \approx 10,000 km/s ) obey a near axial symmetry , while a detached , high-velocity structure ( v \approx 18,000-25,000 km/s ) with high CaII line opacity deviates from the photospheric axisymmetry .	By partially obscuring the underlying photosphere , the high-velocity structure causes a more incomplete cancellation of the polarization of the photospheric light , and so gives rise to the polarization peak and rotated polarization angle of the high-velocity IR triplet feature .
The commissioning of the Swiss Light Source ( SLS ) started in Feb. 2000 with the Linac , continued in May 2000 with the booster synchrotron and by Dec. 2000 first light in the storage ring were produced .	The first four beam lines had to be operational by August 2001 .
However the existing approaches suffer from the sensitivity to either varying illumination , or viewpoint changing , or even camera motion , and/or the lack of spatial information .	Inspired by the success of deep structures in image classification , we attempt to leverage a deep structure to extract feature for dynamic texture and scene classification .
Such junctions can be fabricated exploiting ( a ) the d-wave order parameter symmetry of cuprate superconductors ; ( b ) the spacial oscillations of the order parameter in superconductor-insulator-ferromagnet-superconductor structures with different thicknesses of ferromagnetic layer to produce 0 or $ \pi $ coupling or ( c ) the structure of the corresponding sine-Gordon equations and substituting the phase $ \pi $ -discontinuities by the artificial current injectors .	We investigate analytically the possible ground states in such a system and show that there is a critical facet length $ a_c $ , which separates the states with half-integer flux quanta ( semifluxons ) from the trivial `` flat phase state '' without magnetic flux .
The paper deals with the problem of integration of equations of motion in nonholonomic systems .	By means of well-known theory of the differential equations with an invariant measure the new integrable systems are discovered .
On the other hand , for a fixed finite frame $ \cF=\ { f_j\ } _ { j\in\In } $ for $ \hil $ we compute those invertible operators $ V $ such that $ V^*V $ is a perturbation of the identity and such that the frame $ V\cdot \cF=\ { V\ , f_j\ } _ { j\in\In } $ - which is equivalent to $ \cF $ - is optimal among such perturbations of $ \cF $ .	In both cases , optimality is measured with respect to submajorization of the eigenvalues of the frame operators .
In an ultrahigh mobility 2D electron gas , even a weak nonparabolicity of the electron dispersion , by violating Kohn 's theorem , can have a drastic effect on dc magnetotransport under ac drive .	We study theoretically the manifestation of this effect in the dc response to the combined action of two driving ac-fields ( bichromatic irradiation ) .
Recently , a novel approach to the protection of superconducting qubits has been proposed .	The idea is to prevent errors at the `` hardware '' level , by building a fault-free ( topologically protected ) logical qubit from `` faulty '' physical qubits with properly engineered interactions between them .
General algebraic properties of the algebras of vector fields over quantum linear groups $ GL_q ( N ) $ and $ SL_q ( N ) $ are studied .	These quantum algebras appears to be quite similar to the classical matrix algebra .
Multivariant geometry is such a geometry , where at the point P there are many vectors PP ' , PP '' , ... which are equivalent to the vector QQ ' at the point Q , but they are not equivalent between themselves .	In the conventional ( Euclidean ) method the equivalence relation is transitive , whereas in a multivariant geometry the equivalence relation is intransitive , in general .
We present an efficient approach to evaluate two-center two-electron integrals with exponential functions and with an arbitrary polynomial in electron-nucleus and electron-electron distances .	We show that the master integral with the single negative power of all distances can be obtained from the second order differential equation in $ r $ , the distance between nuclei .
The geometrical effects on the electron states and persistent current are investigated comprehensively in the presence of magnetic flux .	We find that the particular geometric structure of the polygon induces an effective periodic potential which results in gaps in the energy spectrum .
We present a probabilistic formulation of the classical problem of synthesizing spectral properties of a galaxy using a base of star clusters .	The problem consists of estimating the population vector x , composed by the contributions of n_star base elements to the integrated spectrum of a galaxy , and the extinction A_V , given a set of absorption line equivalent widths and continuum colors .
The magnetoresistance extends up to temperatures of more than 270K .	We argue that these improvements over most previous works may result from optimizing the patterning process for oxide heterostructures .
In this work , we present efficient sampling based algorithms for estimating the margin of victory of elections .	More formally , we introduce the \textsc { $ ( c , \epsilon , \delta ) $ -- Margin of Victory } problem , where given an election $ \mathcal { E } $ on $ n $ voters , the goal is to estimate the margin of victory $ M ( \mathcal { E } ) $ of $ \mathcal { E } $ within an additive factor of $ c MoV ( \mathcal { E } ) +\epsilon n $ .
The category of unital ( unbounded ) dg cocommutative coalgebras over a field of characteristic zero is provided with a structure of simplicial closed model category .	This generalizes the model structure defined by Quillen in 1969 for 2-reduced coalgebras .
This includes space-borne , air-borne and ground-based experiments .	We apply this theory to demonstrate its power for constructing fast but unbiased approximate methods for the joint estimation of cosmological parameters .
Besides , it couples to the cavity field via optical photon exchange .	In their turn , neighbor cavities are coupled to each other through the photon hopping to form a bus waveguide mode .
These conditions are sharp when the background manifold is a two-dimensional sphere , the classical counterexample in the field .	For field coefficients this extends results of Church ( 2012 ) and Randal-Williams ( 2013 ) to the case of odd characteristic , and for $ p $ -local coefficients it improves results of Bendersky -- Miller ( 2014 ) .
In this paper , we study the total graph of $ R $ , denoted by $ \T ( \Gamma ( R ) ) $ .	It is the ( undirected ) graph with all elements of $ R $ as vertices , and for distinct $ x , y\in R $ , the vertices $ x $ and $ y $ are adjacent if and only if $ x + y\in\Z ( R ) $ .
Although the commonly used reorientation strategies such as finite strain and preservation of principle direction are expected to result in adequate accuracy for voxel based analyses of DTI measures such as fractional anisotropy ( FA ) , mean diffusivity ( MD ) , the reorientations are not always exact except in the case of rigid transformations .	Small imperfections in reorientation at individual voxel level accumulate and could potentially affect the tractography results adversely .
The study is based upon two results .	The first one concerns the interaction of Mellin convolutions and Bessel potential operators ( BPOs ) .
The magneto-impedance is negative for all frequencies .	The 'normalized magneto-impedance ' as defined by [ Z ( H ) -Z ( 0 ) ] / [ Z ( 0 ) -Z ( 4K ) ] when plotted against scaled field H/H1/2 is found to be frequency independent ; H1/2 is the field where 'normalized magneto-impedance ' is reduced to half its maximum .
Electrical conductivity data were explained as arising due to hopping of carriers between localized states formed at the graphene-PVA interface .	Dielectric permittivity data as a function of frequency indicated the occurrence of Debye-type relaxation mechanism .
In this paper , we study the family index of a family of spin manifolds .	In particular , we discuss to which extend the real index ( of the Dirac operator of the real spinor bundle if the fiber dimension is divisible by 8 ) which can be defined in this case contains extra information over the complex index ( the index of its complexification ) .
It is shown that both charge current and spin currents can be combined together to form a quaternionic current .	The scalar and vector part of quaternionic currents correspond to charge and spin current respectively .
Odds ratios and log-linear parameters are not collapsible , meaning that including a variable into the analysis or omitting one from it , may change the strength of association among the remaining variables .	Even the direction of association may be reversed , a fact that is often discussed under the name of Simpson 's paradox .
We provide a power counting argument suggesting that the dominant interactions in the deuteron liquid are perturbative ( but screened ) Coulomb interactions .	At very high densities the ground state is determined by very small nuclear interaction effects that probably favor the ferromagnetic phase .
This Dissertation presents results of a thorough study of ultracold bosonic and fermionic gases in three-dimensional and quasi-one-dimensional systems .	Although the analyses are carried out within various theoretical frameworks ( Gross-Pitaevskii , Bethe ansatz , local density approximation , etc . )
The map results in a unique involutive automorphism and a unique involutive anti-automorphism of CL ( V , Q ) .	The anti-involution reduces to reversion ( resp .
The jet length has extended by 800 AU within 8 years , indicating that the extension rate is roughly equivalent to the jet speed ( 150 km/s ) .	Very likely the jet was born around the year 1960 .
In Smart Grid applications , as the number of deployed electric smart meters increases , massive amounts of valuable meter data is generated and collected every day .	To enable reliable data collection and make business decisions fast , high throughput storage and high-performance analysis of massive meter data become crucial for grid companies .
We assume a source that transmits common messages via multiple amplify-and-forward relays to multiple destinations .	To increase the number of degrees of freedom in the beamforming design , the relays process two received signals jointly and transmit the Alamouti space-time block code over two different beams .
We find that the response of signal to the background noise strength is significant at optimum values of $ D_ { opt } $ , $ k_ { opt } $ and $ N_ { opt } $ which suggests novel means of manipulating proteins or vesicles .	Furthermore , the thermally activated barrier crossing rate $ r_ { k } $ for the flexible polymer chain is studied .
We considered both threshold and binned galaxy samples , with median B-band absolute magnitudes -21.6 & lt ; MB-5log ( h ) & lt ; -19.5 and median stellar masses 9.8 & lt ; log ( M* [ Msun/h^2 ] ) & lt ; 10.7 .	We assessed the real-space clustering in the data from the projected correlation function , which we model as a power law in the range 0.2 & lt ; r_p [ Mpc/h ] & lt ; 20 .
The large N commensurate dirty boson model , in both the weakly and strongly commensurate cases , is considered via a perturbative renormalization group treatment .	In the weakly commensurate case , there exists a fixed line under RG flow , with varying amounts of disorder along the line .
We present a detailed study of the radial distribution of the multiple populations identified in the Galactic globular cluster omega Cen .	We used both space-based images ( ACS/WFC and WFPC2 ) and ground-based images ( FORS1 @ VLT and WFI @ 2.2m ESO telescopes ) to map the cluster from the inner core to the outskirts ( ~20 arcmin ) .
We give an alternative definition where one employs any automorphism of the group $ M^*/M $ .	This gives a wealth of conformal data , which we realize as some bosonic theory , in all the `regular ' cases .
Results are discussed with hindsight on the fixed point structure of the model and the corresponding critical exponents .	Special emphasis is drawn on the existence of a nontrivial ultraviolet fixed point as required for theories modeling the asymptotic safety scenario of quantum gravity .
We study the possible oscillation phenomena by fixing mass parameters so as to explain the solar and atmospheric neutrino deficits and also include a candidate of the suitable dark matter .	We also discuss the charged lepton mass matrix based on this neutrino model .
Down to the resolution attained in our simulations , there is not any significant difference in the density profiles and concentrations of halos obtained in simulations with and without the inclusion of v_w .	The density profiles of halos with masses down to ~0.01 the filtering mass M_f can be described by the NFW shape ; significant soft cores are not formed .
The logic is complete for information systems with binary hypotheses , i.e. , it applies to all such systems .	It is not complete for information systems with more than two hypotheses , but applies to a subset of such systems .
We thus discuss anew the derivation of Gauss ' formula , this time resting on Helmholtz 's theorem for vector fields .	Such a derivation , in turn , serves to shed light into the connection existing between a conservation law like charge conservation and the Maxwell equations .
These Z ' must have infinitesimal couplings to light fermions in order to be consistent with precision electroweak constraints , while they have mild to moderate couplings to Higgs .	Hence they are Higgsphilic .
The Coulomb singularities in the system have been removed by a regularization procedure .	Action-angle variables have been used to generate the initial microcanonical distribution which satisfies the inversion symmetry of the system .
Then I describe the basic AdS-CFT scenario , of $ { \cal N } =4 $ Super Yang-Mills 's relation to string theory in $ AdS_5\times S_5 $ , and applications that can be derived from it : 3-point functions , quark-antiquark potential , finite temperature and scattering processes , the pp wave correspondence and spin chains .	I also describe some general properties of gravity duals of gauge theories .
However , the possibility to realize such a fascinating phenomenon for acoustic waves has not yet been explored , which should be of paramount significance for acoustical applications but would necessarily involve experimental difficulty .	Here we design and experimentally demonstrate an acoustic invisible gateway ( AIG ) capable of concealing a channel under the detection of sound .
We have studied both experimentally and theoretically the surface pressure isotherms of copolymers of polystyrene-polyethyleneoxide ( PS-PEO ) at the air-water interface .	The SCMF ( single chain mean-field ) theory provides a very good agreement with the experiments for the entire range of surface densities and shows that the adsorption energy per PEO monomer at the air-water interface is about one $ k_B T $ .
For each $ \ell\geq 3 $ , let $ C^r_\ell $ denote the $ r $ -uniform linear cycle of length $ \ell $ , which is an $ r $ -graph with edges $ e_1 , \ldots , e_\ell $ such that $ \forall i\in [ \ell-1 ] $ , $ |e_i\cap e_ { i+1 } |=1 $ , $ |e_\ell\cap e_1|=1 $ and $ e_i\cap e_j=\emptyset $ for all other pairs $ \ { i , j\ } , i\neq j $ .	For all $ r\geq 3 $ and $ \ell\geq 3 $ , we show that there exist positive constants $ c_ { m , r } $ and $ c'_ { m , r } $ , depending only $ m $ and $ r $ , such that $ ex_L ( n , C^r_ { 2m } ) \leq c_ { m , r } n^ { 1+\frac { 1 } { m } } $ and $ ex_L ( n , C^r_ { 2m+1 } ) \leq c'_ { m , r } n^ { 1+\frac { 1 } { m } } $ .
In particular , we show how to simulate any seeded system with a two-handed system that is essentially just a constant factor larger .	We exhibit finite shapes with a busy-beaver separation in the number of distinct tiles required by seeded versus two-handed , and exhibit an infinite shape that can be constructed two-handed but not seeded .
We examine performance of the ME filter through frequency and noise variance analysis and compare it with other well known filters developed in the EEG studies .	The results show the ME filters to outperform others .
Observations of type Ia supernovae seem to indicate that we are living in a universe that started to accelerate its expansion when it was about half its present age .	These conclusions rest primarily on phenomenological models which , however , lack proper theoretical understanding , mainly because the explosion process , initiated by thermonuclear fusion of carbon and oxygen into heavier elements , is difficult to simulate even on supercomputers .
When the dynamical gluon mass $ \mu_g $ is regarded as a universal scale , it is extracted to be around $ \mu_g = 440 $ MeV from one of the well-measured $ B\to D\pi $ decay modes .	The resulting predictions for all branching ratios are in agreement with the current experimental measurements .
This effect is known as single-photon blockade , which is usually analyzed for a Kerr-type nonlinear cavity parametrically driven by a single-photon process assuming single-photon loss mechanisms .	We study photon blockade engineering via a squeezed reservoir , i.e. , a quantum reservoir , where only two-photon absorption is allowed .
These are frames having all integer coordinates with respect to a fixed orthonormal basis for a Hilbert space .	Integer frames have potential to mitigate quantization errors and transmission losses as well as speeding up computation times .
We devise closures of the Reynolds-decomposed mean field equations by simple physical modeling of the simulations ( we relate temperature and density fluctuations via coefficients ) ; the procedure ( CABS , Convection Algorithms Based on Simulations ) is terrestrially testable and is amenable to systematic improvement .	We develop a turbulent kinetic energy equation which contains both nonlocal and time dependent terms , and is appropriate if the convective transit time is shorter than the evolutionary time scale .
This object is one of the few massive protostars known to be driving a collimated outflow .	We report the first detection of SO 5 $ _5 $ -- 4 $ _4 $ molecular emission toward the exciting source of HH 80-81 , suggesting that this transition may be a good tracer of molecular gas near massive protostars .
The truncation of the Koopman operator is made under the assumption that there is a small length-scale threshold $ \ell_\nu $ under which the tracer blobs are considered , for all practical purposes , completely mixed .	We demonstrate our results on two examples : a prototypical model known as the sine flow and a direct numerical simulation of two-dimensional turbulence .
Here , we extend the analyses with focusing on the critical property of the spin-glass transition which occurs concomitantly with a nematic transition .	Finite-size scaling analyses are performed up to a larger system size with 8192 spins to estimate the transition temperature and critical exponents .
The liquids are supposed to be immiscible with a nondeformable interface .	The forces acting on the system are buoyancy and interfacial tension .
We show that at even lower temperature , after another phase transition , this ordered state can spontaneously break the C_4 lattice symmetry and become nematic .	We propose this mechanism as an explanation of the tendency towards nematicity observed in several iron-based compounds .
This paper is concerned with the time-step condition of commonly-used linearized semi-implicit schemes for nonlinear parabolic PDEs with Galerkin finite element approximations .	In particular , we study the time-dependent nonlinear Joule heating equations .
Objectives : In the United States , 25 % of people with type 2 diabetes are undiagnosed .	Conventional screening models use limited demographic information to assess risk .
We analyse the integrated properties of the Mid-IR emission of a complete , optically selected sample of galaxies in the Virgo cluster observed with the ISOCAM instrument on board the ISO satellite .	The analysis shows that the Mid-IR emission up to 15 mic of optically-selected , normal early-type galaxies ( E , S0 and S0a ) is dominated by the Rayleigh-Jeans tail of the cold stellar component .
We assume that it defines a family of real cycles in a region bounded by a polycycle .	To any polynomial form \eta one can associate the pseudo-abelian integrals I ( h ) , which is the first order term of the displacement function of the system perturbed by \eta .
The instrumental stray light contribution is first substracted from the spectra .	By supposing that the non-thermal velocity is related to the Alfven wave amplitude , it is constrained through a density diagnostic and the gradient of the width of the Mg X 625 A line .
Subject to general conditions , we prove that many natural quantities associated with the rotor walk ( including normalized hitting frequencies , hitting times and occupation frequencies ) concentrate around their expected values for the random walk .	Furthermore , the concentration is stronger than that associated with repeated runs of the random walk , with discrepancy at most C/n after n runs ( for an explicit constant C ) , rather than c/sqrt n .
Analytical ghost Elko solutions are constructed which have vanishing energy-momentum tensor without and with cosmological constant .	The cosmological Elko theory is finally related to the standard scalar field theory with self interaction that gives rise to inflation and it is pointed out that the Elko spinors are not only prime dark matter candidates but also prime candidates for inflation .
The dependence of cosmological and inflationary parameters on time during the last 60 e-folds in inflation is investigated using a slow-roll inflation model .	The time dependence of the inflaton field is calculated for the case of chaotic inflation by a numerical method rather than the familiar approximations .
We also study bond chaos induced by random variation of bonds , and find that the bond and temperature perturbations yield the universal chaos effects described by a common scaling function and the chaos exponent .	These results strongly support the appropriateness of the droplet theory for the description of chaos effect in the EA Ising spin glasses .
The dynamics of the core was much faster than the large-scale spiral rotation .	We observed multi-armed spirals for which the two periods were commensurate and others for which they were incommensurate .
The bootstrap provides a simple and powerful means of assessing the quality of estimators .	However , in settings involving large datasets -- -which are increasingly prevalent -- -the computation of bootstrap-based quantities can be prohibitively demanding computationally .
By finding local minima of an enthalpy-like energy , we can generate jammed packings of frictionless spheres under constant shear stress $ \sigma $ and obtain the yield stress $ \sigma_y $ by sampling the potential energy landscape .	For three-dimensional systems with harmonic repulsion , $ \sigma_y $ satisfies the finite size scaling with the limiting scaling relation $ \sigma_y\sim\phi - \phi_ { _ { c , \infty } } $ , where $ \phi_ { _ { c , \infty } } $ is the critical volume fraction of the jamming transition at $ \sigma=0 $ in the thermodynamic limit .
[ arXiv:1406.7639 ] , we introduce rather a general behavioural model , where the evolution of a heterogeneous population of agents is governed by a Markov chain .	Still , we are able to show that the distribution of agents across resources converges in distribution , for suitable means of information provision , under certain assumptions .
Let A and B be reduced rings containing k , having connected spectra .	Let u \in A tensor_k B be a unit .
It is non-zero in the confined phase and becomes zero in the deconfined phase .	At large distances , it 's correlation function falls off exponentially in the deconfined phase and remains non-zero in the confined phase .
Those fields belong to the unusual theory that , presumably , exists at extremely high energies .	In this theory there is no Lorentz symmetry .
We report teleportation of quantum information between atomic quantum memories separated by about 1 meter .	A quantum bit stored in a single trapped ytterbium ion ( Yb+ ) is teleported to a second Yb+ atom with an average fidelity of 90 % over a replete set of states .
In the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model ( MSSM ) , one anticipates the branching ratio $ { \cal B } ( H^+ \to \tau^+\nu_\tau ) \simeq 1 $ over almost the entire allowed $ \tan \beta $ range .	Noting that the $ \tau^+ $ arising from the decay $ H^+ \to \tau^+\nu_\tau $ are predominantly right-polarized , as opposed to the $ \tau^+ $ from the dominant background $ W^+ \to \tau^+\nu_\tau $ , which are left-polarized , a number of $ H^+/W^+ \to \tau^+\nu_\tau $ discriminators have been proposed and studied in the literature .
After folding our data on the 0.24821-d orbital period , and correcting for the steady brightness decline following the outburst , we observe sinusoidal oscillations with hints of ellipsoidal modulations which became progressively more evident .	Our data also show that the decline in brightness was faster in the V band than in the R and I bands .
We show that ionizing particle effect can significantly contribute in storm-time increase of total electron content ( TEC ) or positive ionospheric storm .	We present analysis of medium/great flux events during moderate/major storms on 22 July 2009 and 27 July 2004 as examples for demonstrating concomitances of enhanced electron fluxes with ionospheric storm positive phases .
We algebraically characterize entanglement assisted LOCC protocols requiring only $ m-1 $ cbits of communication for such multipartite boolean functions $ f_B $ , for certain sets $ B\subseteq \ { 0,1\ } ^n $ , for $ m\geq 3 $ parties under appropriate uniform parity promise restrictions on input $ m $ -tuples $ x_i^1x_i^2 ... x_i^m , 1\leq i\leq n $ .	We also show that these functions can be computed using $ 2m-3 $ cbits in a purely classical deterministic setup .
This paper is concerned with the connection between the properties of dielectric relaxation and ac ( alternating-current ) conduction in disordered dielectrics .	The discussion is divided between the classical linear-response theory and a self-consistent dynamical modeling .
Astrophys. , 390 , 1177 -- 1186 , 2002 ) for relativistic hydrodynamics is here extended to the magnetic case by following the strategies prescribed for classical MHD by Londrillo and Del Zanna ( Astrophys .	J. , 530 , 508 -- 524 , 2000 ) .
We introduce the concept of using a belief-propagation based decoder to enhance the soft-input information prior to decoding with an algebraic soft-decision decoder .	Our algorithm can also be viewed as an interpolation multiplicity assignment scheme for algebraic soft-decision decoding of Reed-Solomon codes .
This is the first detection of the [ CII ] line in a source with L_FIR & lt ; 10^13 L_sun at high redshift .	The line is very strong compared to previous [ CII ] detections at high-z ( a factor of 5-8 higher in flux ) , partly due to the lensing amplification .
We propose an analytic model to study intrinsic spin polarization effect in a ballistic Rashba bar with two semi-infinite leads .	The wave functions expanded with plane waves in Rashba bar are required to satisfy boundary conditions at both longitudinal and transverse interfaces .
We emphasize the importance of identifying non-exotic SU ( 3 ) partners of the Theta^+ pentaquark , and indicate possible ways how to do it .	We also use the soliton picture of baryons to relate Reggeon couplings of various baryons .
This requires relying on statistics in order to unearth signals buried below noise .	Artifacts introduced by observing cadences can produce spurious signals or mask genuine planets that should be easily detected otherwise .
We have not found any temperature induced phase transition , whereas a sluggish phase change to the denser phase is induced by pressure .	The bandwidths of the two phases are slightly different .
Vertex corrections are also calculated and are shown to totally suppress the spin Hall conductivity not only at zero- but also at nonzero tempratures .	In turn , the spin Nernst effect survives the impurity scattering .
We present numerical evidence for a phase transition in the behavior of the Hamming distance at a critical value $ K_c\approx 1.65 $ and also an analytic theory that yields the exact bounds on $ 1.5 \le K_c \le 2. $ We also discuss the large oscillations that we observe in the Hamming distance for $ K & lt ; K_c $ as a function of time as well as in the distribution of cycle lengths as a function of cycle length for moderate $ K $ both greater than and less than $ K_c $ .	We propose that local structures , or subsets of spins whose dynamics are not fully coupled to the other spins in the system , play a crucial role in generating these oscillations .
The maximum mass of stars is arisen substantially while the central density is largely suppressed .	For two equal-mass stars the radius of the magnetic star can be larger by about 10 % $ \sim $ 20 % than the nonmagnetic star .
Whenever possible , exact results are derived from quantum field theory calculations .	Taking advantage of the fact that such calculations can be mapped , for super-horizon scales , into those of a classical system , we express the expected correlation functions in terms of classical quantities , power spectra , Green functions , that can be easily computed in the long-wavelength limit .
The large differences previously observed between these trends for even and odd values of these measures is found to arise , in part , from the slow variation of binding energies with mass and charge which provides a background contribution .	This background is estimated with the liquid-drop model , and accounts for the greater difference found in proton removal relative to neutron removal .
We present analyses of deep radio observations of M83 taken with the Very Large Array spanning fifteen years , including never before published observations from 1990 and 1998 .	We report on the evolution of 55 individual point sources , which include four of the six known historical supernovae in this galaxy .
It is shown that in a smooth hybrid inflation model in supergravity adiabatic fluctuations with a running spectral index with $ \ns & gt ; 1 $ on a large scale and $ \ns & lt ; 1 $ on a smaller scale can be naturally generated , as favored by the first-year data of WMAP .	It is due to the balance between the nonrenormalizable term in the superpotential and the supergravity effect .
As known , a joint analysis of these data sets can provide the elongation of the cluster along the line of sight together with its length and width in the plane of the sky .	An unbiased measurement of the Hubble constant can be also inferred .
The second is the coexistence of both the wormhole solutions and the elleptic or hyperbolic orbits for the same values of the parameters ( but different initial conditions ) .	Possible applications of these results to astrophysics and quantum black holes are briefly discussed .
We have shown that degree of entanglement decays with time and rate of decay is defined by features of random parameter .	Quantum teleportation through dissipative channal and teleportation fidelity as a function of damping rates has been studied .
We consider the original Khovanov homology and also the homology defined by Stosic via the dichromatic polynomial , and examine those values of the Potts model where the partition function can be expressed in terms of homological Euler characteristics .	These points occur at imaginary temperature .
We propose and investigate a declarative framework for specifying statistical models on top of a database , through an appropriate extension of Datalog .	By virtue of extending Datalog , our framework offers a natural integration with the database , and has a robust declarative semantics .
We study the influence of cooperative effects such as superradiance and subradiance , on the scattering properties of dilute atomic gases .	We show that cooperative effects lead to an effective potential between pairs of atoms that decays like $ 1/r $ .
Trap states play a crucial role in the conduction mechanism .	The performance of the transistors is among the ones of the best devices based on colloidal nanostructures .
We consider that learning ability is normally distributed .	We found that the number of people versus step acquired by them in a learning process is given through a power law ( N ( n ) =cn^-alpha ) .
The outer haloes of the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies contain as much important information on their assembly and formation history as the properties of the discs resident in their centres .	In this paper we have used the Constrained Local UniversE Simulation project to disentangle the stellar and DM component of three galaxies that resemble the MW , M31 and M33 using both DM only and DM + gas-dynamical simulations .
We find that despite the lack of supersymmetry , the probe action reproduces exactly the equations underlying the fully back-reacted solution , which indicates that these equations also do not receive quantum corrections .	In the course of our investigation we uncover the relation between the charge parameters of almost-BPS supergravity solutions and their quantized charges , which solves an old puzzle about the quantization of the charges of almost-BPS solutions .
We present a parameterization of these bivariate distributions , based on a Schechter type luminosity function and a log-normal scale size distribution at a given luminosity .	We next calculate the bivariate distributions as function of redshift using the Hubble Deep Field , and conclude that at higher redshift there is a decrease in space density of luminous , large scale size galaxies , but the density of smaller galaxies stays nearly the same .
It is motivated by the recent discovery that the overdamped limit of vanishing inertia effects ( as compared to viscous fricion ) produces a so-called `` anomalous '' contribution to the entropy production , which has no counterpart in the overdamped approximation , when inertia effects are simply discarded .	Here , we show that rotational Brownian motion in the overdamped limit generates an additional contribution to the `` anomalous '' entropy .
With a few notable exceptions , the modular representation theory of an elementary abelian p-group is wild .	However , for a given dimension , it is possible to parameterise the representations .
Previous research on UWB positioning system has achieved up to mm or sub-mm accuracy .	However , one bottleneck in UWB system is at sampling high resolution UWB signals , as well as high resolution timing information .
We also find that the model predicts a very small value , $ 1.3\times10^ { -10 } $ , for the lepton mixing matrix element square $ |U_ { 13 } |^2 $ .	The CP violating phases in the lepton mixing matrix and a suppression of the averaged neutrino mass in the neutrinoless double beta decay are also predicted .
This evanescent propagation is well described by a tight-binding model , very much like the propagation of electrons in graphene .	We measure the density of states , as well as the wave function associated with each eigenfrequency .
The latter , along with the symmetrized gradient , symmetrized metric and spin operators , actually generate a bigger non-Abelian algebra , which we refer to as the `` consistency '' algebra .	We argue that in nontrivial backgrounds , it is some deformed version of this algebra that governs the consistency of the system .
The Kepler mission discovery of candidate transiting exoplanets ( KOIs ) enables a plethora of ensemble analysis of the architecture and properties of exoplanetary systems .	We compare the observed transit durations of KOIs to a synthetic distribution generated from the known eccentricities of radial velocity ( RV ) discovered exoplanets .
No optical counterpart is detectable ( V & gt ; 20 mag ) , but a possible infrared counterpart within the Swift/XRT error radius is detected in the 2MASS and Spitzer/GLIMPSE survey .	The observations suggest that IGR J16283-4838 is a high mass X-ray binary containing a neutron star embedded in Compton thick material .
These dynamical variables depend on the halo structure as well as the halo mass .	Since baryonic physics , particularly cooling , significantly modifies the central density structure of dark matter halos , both observational distributions show a feature corresponding to the mass scale below which the baryons in the halo can cool ( i.e.galaxies versus clusters ) .
Potential issues include variations in the target catalogue caused by changes either in the targeting algorithm or properties of the data used , the pattern of spectroscopic observations , the spatial distribution of targets for which redshifts were not obtained , and variations in the target sky density due to observational systematics .	We document here the target selection algorithms used to create the galaxy samples that comprise BOSS .
To facilitate understanding the architecture of a software system , we developed SArF Map technique that visualizes software architecture from feature and layer viewpoints using a city metaphor .	SArF Map visualizes implicit software features using our previous study , SArF dependency-based software clustering algorithm .
Unlike many previous jet substructure methods , these correlation functions do not require the explicit identification of subjet regions .	In addition , the correlation functions are better probes of certain soft and collinear features that are masked by other methods .
From the result that a bipartite graph $ G $ admits an orientation $ G^e $ such that every cycle is oddly oriented if and only if it contains no even subdivision of $ K_ { 2,3 } $ , Yan and Zhang showed that the permanental polynomial of such a bipartite graph $ G $ can be expressed as the characteristic polynomial of the skew adjacency matrix $ A ( G^e ) $ .	In this paper we first prove that this equality holds only if the bipartite graph $ G $ contains no even subdivision of $ K_ { 2,3 } $ .
Telecommunications operators ( telcos ) traditional sources of income , voice and SMS , are shrinking due to customers using over-the-top ( OTT ) applications such as WhatsApp or Viber .	In this challenging environment it is critical for telcos to maintain or grow their market share , by providing users with as good an experience as possible on their network .
In contrast with ferroelectric BaTiO3 and KNbO3 , we find significant involvement of the Pb atom in the lattice instability .	Monte Carlo simulations for this Hamiltonian show a first-order cubic-tetragonal transition at 660 K. Resulting temperature dependence of spontaneous polarization , c/a ratio and unit-cell volume near the transition are in good agreement with experiment .
We will work with a specific gauge fixing which leads to the simplest one among all possible related Gupta-Bleuler structures .	The field operator will be defined with the help of coordinate independent de Sitter waves ( the modes ) which are simple to manipulate and most adapted to group theoretical matters .
This introduces a set of four subsidiary constraints which are far simpler than the standard constraint equations , and which should be more easily conserved in computational applications .	We explore the manner in which the momentum constraints are already incorporated in several existing formulations of the Einstein equations , and demonstrate the ease with which our new constraint-conserving approach can be incorporated into these schemes .
We studied under which conditions these exhibit anomalous , strongly non-Gaussian behaviour that could affect the interpretation of the observed ( T_C , beta_Obs ) relations .	We examined modified black body spectra and spectra calculated from radiative transfer models of filamentary clouds at wavelengths 100um-850um .
Consider multiple theta function identities of the form $ \sum_ { k=1 } ^ { m } c_k \theta_k ( a_1 , a_2 , \ldots , a_r ) =0 $ , where $ r , m\geq 2 $ , $ \theta_k =\prod_ { i=1 } ^ { n_k } f_ { k , i } ( a_1 , a_2 , \ldots , a_r ) $ , $ \ 1 & lt ; n_k\le r $ and each $ f_ { k , i } $ is of form $ ( p_ { k , i } , q^ { \beta_ { k , i } } /p_ { k , i } ; q^ { \beta_ { k , i } } ) _\infty $ with $ \beta_ { k , i } $ being a positive integer and $ p_ { k , i } $ being a monomial in $ a_1 , a_2 , \ldots , a_r $ and $ q $ .	For such an identity , $ \theta_1 , \theta_2 , \ldots , \theta_m $ satisfy the same set of linearly independent contiguous relations .
Various studies that address the compressed sensing problem with Multiple Measurement Vectors ( MMVs ) have been recently carried .	These studies assume the vectors of the different channels to be jointly sparse .
We show K^+ ( n , R ) is of order 2^n/n^R for constant R , using an asymmetric sphere-covering bound and probabilistic methods .	We show K^+ ( n , n-R ' ) =R'+1 for constant coradius R ' iff n & gt ; =R ' ( R'+1 ) /2 .
The inner ring is faint , and the outer ring is a rather ill-defined pseudoring .	Furthermore , the size ratio of the rings is such that they can not be due to a single pattern speed linking them together .
In the post-genome era , biologists have sought to measure the complete complement of proteins , termed proteomics .	Currently , the most effective method to measure the proteome is with shotgun , or bottom-up , proteomics , in which the proteome is digested into peptides that are identified followed by protein inference .
The jump conditions satisfied by the elastic fields along the interfaces are called the `` spring-mass conditions '' .	By tuning the stiffness and mass values , it is possible to model various degrees of contact , from perfect bonding to stress-free surfaces .
This code enables us to explore a model in which a large fraction of the cosmic ray acceleration takes place in the vicinity of galactic spiral arms and that these spiral arms are dynamic .	We show that the effect of having dynamic spiral arms is to limit the age of cosmic rays at low energies .
A four dimensional generally covariant field theory is presented which describes non-dynamical three geometries coupled to scalar fields .	The theory has an infinite number of physical observables ( or constants of the motion ) which are constructed from loops made from scalar field configurations .
To this aim we introduce a componentwise timeshift transformation ( CTT ) which allows to classify systems which possess equivalent dynamics , though possibly different sets of connection delays .	In particular , we show for a large class of semiflows ( including the case of delay differential equations ) that the stability of attractors is invariant under this transformation .
Computational searches for structures of solid oxygen under pressures in the multi TPa range have been carried out using density-functional-theory methods .	We find that molecular oxygen persists to about 1.9 TPa at which it transforms into a semiconducting square spiral-like polymeric structure ( I41/acd ) with a band gap of about 3.0 eV .
A linear-response method to calculate the effective Coulomb interaction ( $ U $ ) between closed-shell localized electrons is suggested and applied to the $ 3d $ closed-shell systems ( Cu , Zn , and ZnO ) based on plane-wave basis density-functional theory calculations .	Since the closed-shell localized states are far below the Fermi level , large local perturbation potential ( $ \alpha $ ) projected to the localized states is applied to induce purposeful density response ( $ \Delta n $ ) .
Specifically , we weight the spatial kernel of each historical observation by its informativeness to the current predictive task .	We construct spatio-temporal weight functions to incorporate various temporal and spatial patterns in ambulance demand , including location-specific seasonalities and short-term serial dependence .
We provide a unified framework for the treatment of special integrable systems which we propose to call `` generalized mean field systems '' .	Thereby previous results on integrable classical and quantum systems are generalized .
Our model classifies sequences using a combined sequence similarity score calculated by adaptively weighting the contribution of different sequence similarity measures .	Weights are determined independently for each sequence in the test set and reflect the discriminatory ability of individual similarity measures in the training set .
In particular , we show that there is no correction in the leading term of the free energy in the large charge limit .	This supports the duality of the type 0A strings on the extremal black hole and the 0A matrix model in which the tree level free energy is exact without any alpha ' corrections .
Unlike previous studies of this sort , the constants in our error bounds are either independent of the function $ h ( x ) $ describing the geometry , or depend on $ h $ and its derivatives in an explicit , intuitive way .	Specifically , if the expansion is truncated at order $ 2k $ , the error is $ O ( \epsilon^ { 2k+2 } ) $ and $ h $ enters into the error bound only through its first and third inverse moments $ \int_0^1 h ( x ) ^ { -m } dx $ , $ m=1,3 $ and via the max norms $ \big\|\frac { 1 } { \ell ! }
Key ingredients in our proof are new estimates for sumsets in product sets and for exponential sums with the products of sets possessing special additive structure .	We also give a construction of sets of n complex numbers whose k-th moments are uniformly small for 1\le k\le N ( Turan 's power sum problem ) , which improves upon known explicit constructions when ( \log N ) ^ { 1+o ( 1 ) } \le n\le ( \log N ) ^ { 4+o ( 1 ) } .
Gravitation as a fundamental interaction that governs all phenomena at large and very small scales , but still not well understood at a quantum level , is a missing cardinal link to unification of all physical interactions .	Problems of the absolute G measurements and its possible time and range variations are reflections of the unification problem .
We propose here a new Monte Carlo simulation method based on non-Boltzmann sampling in ( guest loading , volume ) space using the Wang-Landau algorithm , and show that it can be used to fully characterize the adsorption properties and the material 's response to adsorption at thermodynamic equilibrium .	We showcase this new method on a simple model of the MIL-53 family of breathing materials , demonstrating its potential and contrasting it with the pitfalls of direct , Boltzmann simulations .
E_6 unification , inspired by superstring theory , restores the broken mirror parity at the scale ~ 10^18 GeV .	With the aim to explain the tiny cosmological constant , we consider the breakings : E_6 - & gt ; SO ( 10 ) X U ( 1 ) _Z - in the O-world , and E'_6 - & gt ; SU ( 6 ) ' X SU ( 2 ) '_\theta - in the Sh-world .
We also obtain a B\ '' { a } cklund transformation for the system .	We prove the associated permutability theorem corresponding to such transformation and we generate new multi-solitonic and periodic solutions for the system depending on several parameters .
Perhaps , one of the most important innovations in the age of technology is multimedia and its application .	It is imperative to create high quality and realistic learning environment for children .
For non-vanishing stress contribution in the boundary condition , the problem is actually shown to have $ L_p $ -maximal regularity under the natural compatibility conditions .	Aiming at an existence theory for problems in weakly singular domains , where different boundary conditions apply on different parts of the boundary such that these surfaces meet orthogonally , we also consider the prototype domain of a wedge with opening angle $ \frac { \pi } { 2 } $ and different combinations of boundary conditions : Navier-Slip with Dirichlet and Navier-Slip with the dynamic outflow boundary condition .
To meet the requirements of the ever-growing need for spectrum , efficient utilization of the existing resources is of utmost importance .	Channel Allocation , has thus become an inevitable research topic in wireless communications .
This article deals with the starting and stopping problem under Knightian uncertainty , i.e. , roughly speaking , when the probability under which the future evolves is not exactly known .	We show that the lower price of a plant submitted to the decisions of starting and stopping is given by a solution of a system of two reflected backward stochastic differential equations ( BSDEs for short ) .
This paper shows one example : a high Reynolds number laminar vortex ring .	The model can represent a family of vortex rings by specifying the modulus function using a Rayleigh distribution function .
Detecting outliers which are grossly different from or inconsistent with the remaining dataset is a major challenge in real-world KDD applications .	Existing outlier detection methods are ineffective on scattered real-world datasets due to implicit data patterns and parameter setting issues .
As the waveform is well-known the method of matched filtering can be implemented to search for this signal using LIGO data .	LIGO is sensitive to the dominant mode of perturbed black holes with masses between 10 and 500 M_sun , the regime of intermediate-mass black holes , to a distance of up to 300 Mpc .
We introduce a weighted total-variation penalization , using data-driven weights that correctly scale the penalization along the observation interval .	We prove that this leads to a sharp tuning of the convex relaxation of the segmentation prior , by stating oracle inequalities with fast rates of convergence , and consistency for change-points detection .
The classical and quantum features of Nambu mechanics are analyzed and fundamental issues are resolved .	The classical theory is reviewed and developed utilizing varied examples .
The new elements in the upgraded code are the inclusion of Lyman continuum in the incident radiation flux and the treatment of hydrogen ionisation process ; introducing ionisation heating & amp ; recombination cooling effects ; and adding a proper description of the magnetic and turbulent pressures to the internal pressure of the molecular cloud .	The application of this newly developed model to the structure of the middle Eagle Nebula finger suggests that the shock induced by the ionising radiation at the front side of the head precedes an ionisation front moving towards the center of the core , and that the core at the fingertip is at transition stage evolving toward a state of induced star formation .
Using the asymptotical minimax framework , we examine convergence rates equivalency between a continuous functional deconvolution model and its real-life discrete counterpart over a wide range of Besov balls and for the $ L^2 $ -risk .	For this purpose , all possible models are divided into three groups .
These new structures `` unify '' graphene edge topology , the most stable flat hydrogenated graphene edges always consisting of pairwise bonded C2H4 edge groups , irrespective the edge orientation .	When edge rippling is included , CH3 edge groups are most stable .
We present numerical results for e^+e^- pairs from the decay of Z bosons produced at Tevatron energies .	We perform a detailed study of the scale dependence of the results to estimate the corresponding perturbative uncertainty .
We find that PKS 1622-297 exhibits gamma-ray intra-day variability .	A flux increase by a factor of at least 3.6 was observed to occur in less than 7.1 hours ( with 99 % confidence ) .
To this end , we focus on the 2D Hubbard model .	Because the charge gap arises from on-site correlations , we implement a non-perturbative approach which incorporates local physics .
Within this sample we identify those galaxies that are in substructures .	We compare the distribution of projected clustercentric distance , R , and 'normalized ' relative line-of-sight velocity , v , of several subsamples , using the 2D Kolmogorov-Smirnov test .
We obtained Pearson 's coefficient of strongly correlated recursive networks growing by preferential attachment of every new vertex by $ m $ edges .	We found that the Pearson coefficient is exactly zero in the infinite network limit for the recursive trees ( $ m=1 $ ) .
It is found that they are characterized by two essential parameters $ m^2 $ and $ \omega $ : identical pairs $ ( m^2 , \omega ) $ correspond to locally equivalent 5D manifolds .	An irreducible set of isometrically nonequivalent 5D locally homogeneous Riemannian G\ '' odel-type metrics are exhibited .
This result generalizes the Aubin criterion in [ 9 ] .	A second characterization of these generalized derivatives is easier to check in practice , especially in the finite dimensional case .
We have built a RICH detector prototype consisting of a liquid C6F14 radiator and six triple Thick Gaseous Electron Multipliers ( TGEMs ) , each of them having an active area of 10x10 cm2 .	One triple TGEM has been placed behind the liquid radiator in order to detect the beam particles , whereas the other five have been positioned around the central one at a distance to collect the Cherenkov photons .
It is proved that local Lorentz transformations for different systems can not derive varying speed of light .	Based on the special relativity principle , an invariant speed is necessarily obtained .
This effect has great influence in the electronic and optical properties of the system , generating new forms of confinement to the carriers .	A theoretical model capable to accurately describe electronic and optical properties in these polytypical nanostructures can be used to study and develop new kinds of nanodevices .
We present a generalization of the Brownian motion model which relaxes assumptions of neutrality and gradualism by considering increments to evolving characters to be drawn from a heavy-tailed stable distribution ( of which the normal distribution is a specialized form ) .	We describe Markov chain Monte Carlo methods for fitting the model to biological data paying special attention to ancestral state reconstruction , and study the performance of the model in comparison with a selection of existing comparative methods , using both simulated data and a database of body mass in 1,679 mammalian species .
The black hole charge Q obeys a similar law .	To complete the picture , we include angular momentum as a perturbation .
This uncertainty is due to two major reasons : the lens parameter degeneracy in the measured Einstein timescale and the blending problem in dense field photometry .	Recently , consideration has been given to routine astrometric followup observations of lensing events using the { \it Space Interferometry Mission } ( SIM ) as a means of breaking the lens parameter degeneracy in microlensing events .
We investigate projection methods , for evaluating a linear approximation of the value function of a policy in a Markov Decision Process context .	We consider two popular approaches , the one-step Temporal Difference fix-point computation ( TD ( 0 ) ) and the Bellman Residual ( BR ) minimization .
We consider tunnelling of a non-relativistic particle across a potential barrier .	It is shown that the barrier acts as an effective beam splitter which builds up the transmitted pulse from the copies of the initial envelope shifted in the coordinate space backwards relative to the free propagation .
As such , transition states can be regarded as a limiting case of a bound state with vanishing binding energy , emerging for a particular set of critical potential parameters .	In this work we study the properties of these critical parameters for short range central potentials .
We also demonstrate dynamical simulation of super-decoherence in ion traps .	Our computer simulations can be either exponentially faster or slower than experiment , depending on the correlations measured .
We investigate numerically the effect of the competition of disorder , nonlinearity , and boundaries on the Anderson localization of light waves in finite-size , one-dimensional waveguide arrays .	Using the discrete Anderson - nonlinear Schr\ '' odinger equation , the propagation of the mode amplitudes up to some finite distance is monitored .
The nebulae around Br 10 , Br 52 , and Br 100 all show influence of the ambient interstellar medium .	Their regular expansion patterns suggest that they still contain significant amounts of circumstellar material .
We refer to the associated diagrams as `` quark Born diagrams '' .	For the cases chosen to isolate this mechanism , I=2 $ \pi\pi $ , I=3/2 K $ \pi $ and KN the results are usually in good agreement with experimental S-wave scattering amplitudes given standard potential model parameters , and for NN we find perturbative results very similar to the nonperturbative hard cores of Oka and Yazaki .
Jets are observed as radio emission in active galactic nuclei and during the low/hard state in X-ray binaries ( XRBs ) , but their contribution at higher frequencies has been uncertain .	We study the dynamics of jets in XRBs using the general-relativistic magnetohydrodynamic code HARM .
We first determine the critical coupling $ \beta_c $ on lattices with temporal extension $ N_t=3 $ , 4 , and 6 , and then calculate the static quark potential at the critical couplings on lattices at zero temperature .	We note that the static quark potentials obtained are rotationally invariant with errors of at most 1 - 2 % in all the three cases , and that the potential $ V ( R ) $ in physical units scales in the whole region of $ R $ investigated .
In the $ 1D $ case we find that at low electron densities $ n & lt ; & lt ; 1 $ there is a region with dominant superconducting correlations surviving an additional repulsive on-site interaction $ U $ as strong as the bandwidth , $ W=4t $ .	The critical value $ U_c $ of $ U $ below which superconductivity is found to be dominant decreases with increasing density $ n $ .
For the platykurtic distributions of the perturbations , the $ L_p $ -approximation with $ 3 & lt ; p & lt ; 4 $ was found to yield several times more precise gravity estimates compared to the standard least-squares .	The simulation results were confirmed by processing real gravity observations performed at the excessive noise conditions .
We present a computationally tractable scheme of time-dependent transport phenomena within open-boundary time-dependent density-functional-theory .	Within this approach all the response properties of a system are determined from the time-propagation of the set of `` occupied '' Kohn-Sham orbitals under the influence of the external bias .
The Painlev\'e divisor is then given by the intersections of the compactified manifold with the Bruhat cells in the flag manifold .	In this paper , we give explicit description of the topology of the Painlev\'e divisor for the cases of all the rank two Lie algebra , $ A_2 , B_2 , C_2 , G_2 $ , and $ A_3 $ type .
We develop a non-linear framework for describing long-wavelength perturbations in multiple-field inflation .	The basic variables describing inhomogeneities are defined in a non-perturbative manner , are invariant under changes of time slicing on large scales and include both matter and metric perturbations .
A fundamental problem of forced magnetic reconnection has been solved taking into account the plasmoid instability of thin reconnecting current sheets .	In this problem , the reconnection is driven by a small amplitude boundary perturbation in a tearing-stable slab plasma equilibrium .
Here an efficient method to calculate the distribution of modes ( DOM ) from a given E ( k ) relationship is presented .	The main features of this algorithm are , ( i ) its ability to work on sparse dispersion data , and ( ii ) creation of an energy grid for the DOM that is almost independent of the dispersion data therefore allowing for efficient and fast calculation of TE parameters .
Throughput is a little better but still 25 times slower than the CPU can consume .	The application of bitstring compression allows for larger matrices to be moved entirely to the cache memory of the computer , which has much better latency and bandwidth ( average latency of L1 cache is 3 to 4 clock steps ) .
Unlike conventional cooperative networks , the source and relay are assumed to have no embedded energy supplies in the considered system .	Hence , they need to first harvest energy from the radio-frequency ( RF ) signals radiated by the AP in the downlink ( DL ) before information transmission in the uplink ( UL ) .
To identify NS birth places , we attempt to and NS-runaway pairs that could be former companions that were disrupted in a supernova ( SN ) .	The remains of recent ( & lt ; few Myr ) nearby ( & lt ; 150 pc ) SNe should still be identi ? able by observing the emission of rare radioisotopes such as 26Al and 60Fe that can also be used as additional indicators to confirm a possible SN event .
It is divided among the compute nodes by simultaneously calling multiple GridRPC requests to them .	The performance of the GridRPC implementation is then compared to that of the MPI version and hybrid MPI-OpenMP version for the treecode algorithm on individual clusters .
+0.60-0.25 ( syst . ) fm .	Both the RQMD and the VENUS model are consistent with the data within the error in the correlation peak region .
Multifractal analysis refers to the study of the local properties of measures and functions , and consists of two parts : the fine multifractal theory and the coarse multifractal theory .	The fine and the coarse theory are linked by a web of conjectures known collectively as the Multifractal Formalism .
Since the 5D theory is weakly coupled , we are able to fully determine the Higgs potential and other physical quantities .	The lightest resonances are expected to have a mass around 2 TeV and should be discovered at the LHC .
We take out essentially all aperture bias using resolved imaging , allowing an accurate estimate of the total SFRs in galaxies .	We determine the SFR density to be 1.915^ { +0.02 } _ { -0.01 } ( rand .
Nikiforov-Uvarov method is used to obtain energy eigenvalues and the corresponding wave functions .	A free parameter is used in the transformation of the wave function .
Finding minima of a real valued non-convex function over a high dimensional space is a major challenge in science .	We provide evidence that some such functions that are defined on high dimensional domains have a narrow band of values whose pre-image contains the bulk of its critical points .
We find an equal `` blue excess '' among Class 0 and Class I sources after combining this sample with that of Gregersen et al . ( 1997 ) .	We used a Monte Carlo code to simulate the temporal evolution of line profiles of optically thick lines of HCO+ , CS and H2CO in a collapsing cloud and found that HCO+ had the strongest asymmetry at late times .
Investigating electronic structure and excitations under extreme conditions gives access to a rich variety of phenomena .	High pressure typically induces behavior such as magnetic collapse and the insulator-metal transition in 3d transition metals compounds , valence fluctuations or Kondo-like characteristics in $ f $ -electron systems , and coordination and bonding changes in molecular solids and glasses .
Of particular interest is the fact that the adaptive CSMA can achieve a system utility arbitrarily close to that is achievable under a central scheduler .	However , a specially designed transport-layer rate controller is needed for this result .
This model is sufficient to describe the observed cycling behavior of single \textit { Daphnia } .	To simulate vortex swarming of many \textit { Daphnia } , i.e.the collective rotation of the swarm in one direction , we extend the model by considering avoidance of collisions .
The criterion is based on the behaviour of a one-dimensional statistic , whose asymptotic distribution under the assumption of stationarity is derived ; our results apply under weak conditions and have the advantage of being completely intuitive .	We implement this criterion as a stopping rule for simulated annealing in the problem of finding maximum likelihood estimators for parameters of a 20-component mixture model .
We have constructed a phenomenological model of the evolution of surface magnetic fields of pulsars , which contains a long-term decay modulated by short-term oscillations ; a pulsar 's spin is thus modified by its magnetic field evolution .	The predictions of this model agree with the precisely measured spin evolutions of several individual pulsars ; the derived parameters suggest that the Hall drift and Hall waves in the NS crusts are probably responsible for the long-term change and short-term quasi-periodical oscillations , respectively .
We consider modifications of the nonlinear Schrodinger model ( NLS ) to look at the recently introduced concept of quasi-integrability .	We show that such models possess an infinite number of quasi-conserved charges which present intriguing properties in relation to very specific space-time parity transformations .
In particular , if either of the terms are nonconvex , existing alternating minimization techniques may fail to converge ; other types of existing approaches may instead be unable to handle nondifferentiability .	We propose the MOCCA ( mirrored convex/concave ) algorithm , a primal/dual optimization approach that takes local convex approximation to each term at every iteration .
Spectral disentangling allowed the detection of line-profile variability in the primary .	With our discovery of intrinsic variability interpreted as gravity mode oscillations , V380 Cyg becomes an important laboratory for future seismic tuning of the near-core physics in massive B-type stars .
We show that permutation weights , which are previously introduced for finite Lie algebras , can be appropriately defined also for affine Lie algebras .	This allows us to classify all the weights of an affine Weyl orbit explicitly .
The radii of these manifolds are quantized in the compact case , but arbitrary otherwise .	In the compact case , we find half-supersymmetry preserving and asymptotically Minkowskian black string solutions .
Therefore we present the state-of-the-art of the phase diagram for SU , Sp and SO gauge theories with fermionic matter transforming according to arbitrary representations of the underlying gauge group .	We summarize several analytic methods used recently to acquire information about these gauge theories .
Such a very large easy-axis Ising like anisotropy along a $ & lt ; 111 & gt ; $ direction dramatically reduces the frustration otherwise present in a Heisenberg pyrochlore antiferromagnet .	The results presented herein underpin the conceptual difficulty in understanding the microscopic mechanism ( s ) responsible for Tb $ _2 $ Ti $ _2 $ O $ _7 $ failing to develop long-range order at a temperature of the order of the paramagnetic Curie-Weiss temperature $ \theta_ { \rm CW } \approx -10^1 $ K .
This combinatorial optimization problem has many practical applications , but it is in the nondeterministic polynomial-complete class of worst-case computational complexity .	In this paper we define a spin glass model for the FVS problem and then study this model on the ensemble of finite-connectivity random graphs .
We propose to resum exactly any number of one-loop vacuum polarization insertions into the scale of the coupling of lowest order radiative corrections .	This makes maximal use of the information contained in one-loop perturbative corrections combined with the one-loop running of the effective coupling and provides a natural extension of the familiar BLM scale-fixing prescription to all orders in the perturbation theory .
Integrated optics allow the generation and control of increasingly complex photonic states on chip based architectures .	Here , we implement two entangled qutrits - a 9-dimensional quantum system - and demonstrate an exceptionally high degree of experimental control .
The turbulence is driven by the magnetorotational instability ( MRI ) with either ideal or non-ideal MHD that includes ambipolar diffusion ( AD ) .	In ideal MHD simulations , the surface density evolution ( except for dust that drifts fastest ) , turbulent diffusion , and vertical scale height of dust can all be reproduced by simple one-dimensoinal and/or analytical models .
At low doping , Li $ _x $ ZrNCl behaves as a 2-dimensional 2-valley electron gas , with parabolic bands .	In such a system , $ \chi_s $ increases with decreasing doping because of the electron-electron interaction .
This apparent discontinuity in the field azimuth was seen along a thin ridge running along the western edge of the light bridge .	Some , but not all , of these downflowing patches were co-spatial with chromospheric brightness enhancements seen in Ca II H filtergrams .
Namely , we give a necessary condition for a rational homology three-sphere to be periodic with a prime period .	This condition is given in terms of the quantum SU ( 3 ) invariant .
We discuss ways of incorporating this approach into the shell model context .	Several examples of increasing complexity , from schematic models to realistic nuclear calculations ( chain of oxygen isotopes ) , are presented .
In the known-variance case , the finite-sample coverage properties of such intervals are determined and it is shown that symmetric intervals are the shortest .	The length of the shortest intervals based on the hard-thresholding estimator is larger than the length of the shortest interval based on the adaptive LASSO , which is larger than the length of the shortest interval based on the LASSO , which in turn is larger than the standard interval based on the maximum likelihood estimator .
The Hyades is the nearest open cluster , relatively young and containing numerous A-type stars ; its known age , distance , and metallicity make it an ideal site to study planetary systems around 2-3 Msun stars at an epoch similar to the late heavy bombardment .	Hubble Space Telescope far-ultraviolet spectroscopy strongly suggests ongoing , external metal pollution in two remnant Hyads .
Let k be a regular F_p-algebra , let A = k [ x , y ] / ( x^b - y^a ) be the coordinate ring of a planar cuspical curve , and let I = ( x , y ) be the ideal that defines the cusp point .	We give a formula for the relative K-groups K_q ( A , I ) in terms of the groups of de Rham-Witt forms of the ring k. At present , the validity of the formula depends on a conjecture that concerns the combinatorial structure of a new family of polytopes that we call stunted regular cyclic polytopes .
D'un cote , FROGi offre aux developpeurs de services OSGi un modele a composants extensibles qui facilite le developpement des bundles ; ces derniers restent toutefois compatibles avec les bundles `` patrimoniaux '' .	D'un autre cote , FROGi beneficie de l'infrastructure de deploiement que represente OSGi et qui facilite la realisation du conditionnement et du deploiement de composants Fractal .
The protocol for recycling relies on detecting whether eavesdropping has occurred , and further relies on the fact that information contained in the encrypted quantum state can not be fully accessed .	We prove the security of recycling rates when authentication of quantum states is accepted , and when it is rejected .
A spanning tree with no vertices of degree 2 is called a Homeomorphically irreducible spanning tree\ , ( HIST ) .	Based on a HIST embedded in the plane , a Halin graph is formed by connecting the leaves of the tree into a cycle following the cyclic order determined by the embedding .
The relative strengths of the H-alpha and the spectrally adjacent [ NII ] lines in the regions are completely discrepant from those associated with star formation regions , and more closely match expectations for 'LINER ' regions .	We quantify the total line emission from these extended , kpc-scale regions , and determine the spurious contribution it would make to the determined star formation rate of these galaxies if interpreted as normal H-alpha emission .
In this paper we determine the best possible maximum relative error of chamfer distances under various boundary conditions .	In each case some best approximating sequences are explicitly given .
First we discuss Fully Evaluated Left-Sequential Logic , which employs a full evaluation strategy , i.e. , to evaluate a term every one of its atomic propositions is evaluated causing its possible side effects to occur .	We then turn to Short-Circuit ( Left-Sequential ) Logic as presented in [ BP10b ] , where the evaluation may be 'short-circuited ' , thus preventing some , if not all , of the atomic propositions in a term being evaluated .
We propose a novel algorithm based on the intuition that outliers have a significant influence on the quality of divergence-based clustering solutions .	We propose sensitivity - the worst-case impact of a data point on the clustering objective - as a measure of outlierness .
We study such factorials for their own sake , whether they are or are not connected to sets of integers .	Given a subset X of the positive integers we construct a `` factorial set '' with which one may define a multitude of abstract factorials on X .
The spin lattice of CdVO3 entails zigzag chains with an effective intrachain coupling J ~ -90 K and interchain couplings of Jc ~ -18 K and Ja ~ -3 K. Quantum fluctuations are partially suppressed by the sizable interchain coupling Jc that leads to an intermediate regime between one-dimensional and two-dimensional ferromagnetic systems .	Apart from the peculiar spin model , CdVO3 features an unusual mechanism of ferromagnetic superexchange .
However the first and most famous approach to mean field statistical mechanics with quenched disorder is the replica trick .	Among the models where these methods have been used ( namely , dealing with frustration and complexity ) , probably the best known is the Sherrington-Kirkpatrick spin glass : In this paper we are pleased to apply the interpolation scheme to the replica trick framework and test it directly to the cited paradigmatic model : interestingly this allows to obtain easily the replica-symmetric control and , synergically with the broken replica bounds , a description of the full RSB scenario , both coupled with several minor theorems .
Analytical results are explicitly derived for two asymptotic and complementary cases : i ) mean-field or Poisson-Boltzmann limit ( including Gaussian-fluctuations correction ) , which is valid for small electrostatic coupling , and ii ) strong-coupling limit , where electrostatic correlations mediated by counterions become significantly large as , for instance , realized in systems with high-valency counterions .	In the particular case of two apposed and ideally polarizable planar surfaces with equal mean surface charge , we find that the effect of the disorder is nil on the mean-field level and thus the plates repel .
We study the distribution of the $ n $ -th energy level for two different one-dimensional random potentials .	This distribution is shown to be related to the distribution of the distance between two consecutive nodes of the wave function .
If the amplitude of the initial data is subcritical , then no nonlinear effect occurs at leading order .	If the amplitude of the initial data is sufficiently big , strong nonlinear effects occur ; we study the cases where the equation is either dissipative or accretive .
These projectors are then used to provide the Baxterisation procedure with one , resp. , two , parameters .	Further , the projectors are used to construct the noncommutative planes together with the corresponding differentials following the Wess-Zumino prescription .
Well-known causality arguments show that events occurring during or at the end of inflation , associated with reheating or preheating , could contribute a blue component to the spectrum of primordial curvature perturbations , with the dependence k^3 .	We explore the possibility that they could be observably large in CMB , LSS , and Lyman-alpha data .
In this paper , we study Grover walks on a line with one and two absorbing boundaries .	In particular , we present some results for the absorbing probabilities both in a semi-finite and finite line .
These data provide the first good quality X-ray spectrum for this object .	We measured a continuum slope Gamma = 1.85+/-0.10 with only an upper limit on the column density of the absorbing material of Nh ( z ) & lt ; ~ 10^22 cm^-2 as well as an Fe Kalpha emission line at the 3 sigma confidence level .
R-parity automatically emerges after symmetry breaking , suppressing proton decay and protecting the LSP .	Exotics charged under the SM pose a challenge to traditional SU ( 5 ) unification , but unification is still implemented in deconstructed GUTs .
The most concrete scheme to date for performing such a comparison shows inflation to be strongly disfavored .	We analyze the source of this failure for inflation and present an alternative calculation , based on more traditional semiclassical methods , that results in inflation being exponentially favored .
A combined method of van der Waals interlayer coupling coefficients evaluation was proposed , and it is based on Raman spectroscopy data and known values of graphite elastic moduli .	Also DWCNT low-temperature specific heat was calculated .
If $ \sigma ( x ) & gt ; 0 $ , then the measure of $ B_ { \epsilon } \setminus N $ relative the measure of the ball is $ O ( \epsilon^ { |\sigma ( x ) | } ) $ , while if $ \sigma ( x ) & lt ; 0 $ , then the measure of $ B_ { \epsilon } \cap N $ relative the measure of the ball is of the same order .	We show that this index is constant along trajectories , and relate this orbit invariant to other notions of stability such as Milnor attraction , essential asymptotic stability and asymptotic stability relative to a positive measure set .
Macroscopic properties of suspensions , such as those composed of globular particles ( e.g. , colloidal or macromolecular ) , can be tuned by controlling the equilibrium aggregation of the particles .	We examine how aggregation -- and , hence , macroscopic properties -- can be controlled in a system composed of both globular particles and long , flexible polymer chains that reversibly bind to one another .
For solitons in polar state , there exists a variety of different shaped solutions including twin peaks .	We show that a `` singlet pair '' density can be used to distinguish those energetically degenerate solitons .
Methods are reviewed for computing the instanton expansion of the prepotential for N=2 Seiberg-Witten ( SW ) theory with non-hyperelliptic curves .	These results , if compared with the instanton expansion obtained from the microscopic Lagrangian , will provide detailed tests of M-theory .
The effect of a nonlinear carrier mobility is emphasized .	The formation of the charged state is governed by two different processes with clearly separated time scales .
This formula is written in terms of $ O ( d ) $ invariants that depend on the Riemann curvature tensor .	We study the n-dimensional sphere case to validate these results .
In the spirit of Landau 's description of a phase transition , the problem can be reduced to the local analysis of a cubic recursion equation , here , for the renormalization group flow of some generalized coupling .	Among other insights , this theory explains the often-noted prevalence of the so-called inverted Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless transitions in complex networks .
The MSTRNN has been developed by newly introducing recurrent connectivity to a prior-proposed model , multiple spatio-temporal scales neural network ( MSTNN ) [ 1 ] such that the model can learn to extract latent spatio-temporal structures more effectively by developing adequate recurrent contextual dynamics .	The MSTRNN was evaluated by conducting a set of simulation experiments on learning to categorize human action visual patterns .
The code is based on the existing MadGraph 5 architecture and as such is easily integrable into any MadGraph collider study .	A simple Python interface offers a level of user-friendliness characteristic of MadGraph 5 without sacrificing functionality .
First , a novel energy field model is presented , in which fixed maximum energy intensity $ \gamma $ occurs at Poisson distributed locations , called energy centers .	The intensities fall off from the centers following an exponential decay function of squared distance and the energy intensity at an arbitrary location is given by the decayed intensity from the nearest energy center .
If $ E $ is a not-necessarily row-finite graph , such that each vertex of $ E $ emits at most countably many edges , then a { \it desingularization } $ F $ of $ E $ can be constructed ( see e.g . ( 1 ) G. Abrams , G. Aranda Pino , Leavitt path algebras of arbitrary graphs , Houston J .	Math 34 ( 2 ) ( 2008 ) , 423-442 , or ( 2 ) I. Raeburn , `` Graph algebras '' .
It is shown that information theory provides valuable concepts for the experimental use of ion traps , especially error correction , and conversely the ion trap provides a valuable link between information theory and physics , with attendant physical insights .	Example parameters are given for the case of calcium ions .
Our threshold for the perfect tiling depends on either the chromatic number $ \chi ( H ) $ or the critical chromatic number $ \chi_ { cr } ( H ) $ while the threshold for the almost perfect tiling only depends on $ \chi_ { cr } ( H ) $ .	Our results answer two questions of Zhao .
The QGP partition function is presented in the form of a color path integral with a new relativistic measure instead of the Gaussian one traditionally used in the Feynman-Wiener path integral .	It is shown that the PIMC method is able to reproduce the lattice QCD equation of state at zero baryon chemical potential at realistic model parameters ( i.e.quasiparticle masses and coupling constant ) and also yields valuable insight into the internal structure of the QGP .
There are many versions of TCP which modified time to time as per need .	In this paper modifications introduced on TCP New Reno over mobile ad-hoc networks using calculation of New Retransmission Time out ( RTO ) , to improve performance in term of congestion control .
As the data are available over the many tables which will affect the many problems in the practice of the data mining .	To deal with this problem , one either constructs a single table by Propositionalisation , or uses a Multi-Relational Data Mining algorithm .
We find that entanglement generation sensitively depends ( i ) on the interaction potential , especially on its strength and range , and ( ii ) on the nature of the underlying classical dynamics .	Under general statistical assumptions , and for short-scaled interaction potentials , we find that $ { \cal P } ( t ) $ decays exponentially fast if the two particles are required to interact in a chaotic environment , whereas it decays only algebraically in a regular system .
96 , 067208 ( 2006 ) ] in simulating the stochastic dynamics of interacting magnetic nanoparticles .	The Fokker-Planck coefficients corresponding to both TQMC and Langevin dynamical equation ( Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbert , LLG ) are derived and compared in the presence of interparticle interactions .
A general procedure to formulate asexual ( unstructured , deterministic ) population dynamical models resulting from individual pairwise interactions is proposed .	Individuals are characterized by a continuous strategy that represents all their behavioral , morphological , and functional traits .
The asymptotic behavior of the solution to the problem is obtained by using the method of upper and lower solutions .	The results show that the growth of domain takes a positive effect on the asymptotic stability of positive steady state solution while it takes a negative effect on the asymptotic stability of the trivial solution , but the effect of the harvesting rate is opposite .
In this paper we consider cases of existence of invariant measure , additional first integrals , and Poisson structure in a problem of rigid body 's rolling without sliding on plane and sphere .	The problem of rigid body 's motion on plane was studied by S.A. Chaplygin , P. Appel , D. Korteweg .
Pion photo- and electroproduction has been studied at threshold and in the resonance region below W=2GeV .	At threshold pi^0 production can be very well explained within a dynamical model derived from an effective chiral Lagrangian .
Using a many-body functional integral formalism , the Gaussian fluctuations give rise to an induced dimer-dimer interaction mediated by the unpaired fermions , with the dimer-fermion vertex being given by the ( mean-field ) Born approximation .	Treating the pairing fluctuations to quartic order , we show how the action for a spin-polarized Fermi superfluid reduces to one for a Bose-Fermi mixture .
The hysteretic loss becomes maximum above the transition point .	An analytical formulation has been developed to analyse the simulation results .
In this paper , we will show that a small $ S $ - and $ D $ -wave mixing in the wave function of the heavy quarkonium could induce a large breaking in the ratios of partial decay widths .	As an example , we consider the decays of the $ \Upsilon ( 10860 ) $ into the $ \chi_ { bJ } \omega\ , ( J=0,1,2 ) $ , which were recently measured by the Belle Collaboration .
Physical dust models are presented for 65 galaxies in the SINGS survey that are strongly detected in the four IRAC bands and three MIPS bands .	For each galaxy we estimate ( 1 ) the total dust mass , ( 2 ) the fraction of the dust mass contributed by PAHs , and ( 3 ) the intensity of the starlight heating the dust grains .
Except the last term which is vanishingly small in the plane perpendicular to the line connecting two Weyl points , all the other interaction terms are finite .	Furthermore , the magnetic spins of the Dzyaloshinsky-Moriya and spin-frustrated terms lie in the plane perpendicular to the line connecting two Weyl points , but in this plane , the magnetic spins of the Ising term have no components .
Modulated in time orbital electron capture ( EC ) decays have been observed recently in stored H-like $ ^ { 140 } $ Pr $ ^ { 58+ } $ and $ ^ { 142 } $ Pm $ ^ { 60+ } $ ions .	Although , the experimental results are extensively discussed in literature , a firm interpretation has still to be established .
Quantum Mechanics of the Early Universe is considered as deformation of a well-known Quantum Mechanics .	Similar to previous works of the author , the principal approach is based on deformation of the density matrix with concurrent development of the wave function deformation in the respective Schr { \ '' o } dinger picture , the associated deformation parameter being interpreted as a new small parameter .
We find that in binary dendrimer mixtures the range and strength of the effective interactions depend strongly upon the specific dendrimer architecture .	We consider two different types of dendrimer mixtures , employing the Gaussian effective pair potentials , to determine the bulk fluid structure and phase behavior .
The benefits for the e-MERLIN and EVN arrays of using antennae at the satellite communication station at Goonhilly in Cornwall are discussed .	The location of this site - new to astronomy - will provide an almost equal distribution of long baselines in the east-west- and north-south directions , and opens up the possibility to get significantly improved observations of equatorial fields with e-MERLIN .
Interpretation of these results is done within the framework of a model with a scalar boson exchange .	Limits on the imaginary part of the coupling constant \Lambda , parameterizing the relative contribution of diagrams that would lead to CP violation , are -0.046 & lt ; \Im ( \Lambda ) & lt ; 0.022 at 90 % C.L .
Helium ionization plays an important role in the energy balance of the upper chromosphere and transition region .	Helium spectral lines are also often used as diagnostics of these regions .
On the basis of the general character and operation of the process of perception , a formalism is sought to mathematically describe the subjective or abstract/mental process of perception .	It is shown that the formalism of orthodox quantum theory of measurement , where the observer plays a key role , is a broader mathematical foundation which can be adopted to describe the dynamics of the subjective experience .
At each level , the local solution concentration equilibrates with the local monolayers .	A detailed analysis of the young films was started by us in 1987 .
The graphene is grown by CVD on copper using a cold-wall reactor and then transferred to Si/SiO2 .	Our low-temperature magneto-transport data demonstrate that the characteristics of the measured single-crystal CVD graphene samples are superior to those of polycrystalline graphene and have a quality which is comparable to that of exfoliated graphene on Si/SiO2 .
We report an expanded sample of visual morphological classifications from the Galaxy and Mass Assembly ( GAMA ) survey phase two , which now includes 7,556 objects ( previously 3,727 in phase one ) .	We define a local ( z & lt ; 0.06 ) sample and classify galaxies into E , S0-Sa , SB0-SBa , Sab-Scd , SBab-SBcd , Sd-Irr , and `` little blue spheroid '' types .
In particular , we consider triangulations of sets of $ n $ points in convex position in the plane and prove that their flip graph is connected if and only if $ k & gt ; 6 $ ; the diameter of the flip graph is $ O ( n^2 ) $ .	We also show that , for general point sets , flip graphs of pointed pseudo-triangulations can be disconnected for $ k \leq 9 $ , and flip graphs of triangulations can be disconnected for any $ k $ .
The equations of the restricted three-body problem describe the motion of a massless particle under the influence of two primaries of masses $ 1-\mu $ and $ \mu $ , $ 0\leq \mu \leq 1/2 $ , that circle each other with period equal to $ 2\pi $ .	When $ \mu=0 $ , the problem admits orbits for the massless particle that are ellipses of eccentricity $ e $ with the primary of mass 1 located at one of the focii .
The sputtering of inside wall components of tokamaks can lead to the injection of supersaturated vapour in the plasma edge .	The resulting condensation favours the formation of clusters which can give rise to solid particulates by further accretion .
We theoretically investigate the equation of state and Tan 's contact of a non-degenerate three dimensional Bose gas near a broad Feshbach resonance , within the framework of large- $ N $ expansion .	Our results agree with the path-integral Monte Carlo simulations in the weak-coupling limit and recover the second-order virial expansion predictions at strong interactions and high temperatures .
The mass parameter for the relative motion is around the reduced mass when the reaction partners are at the separated configuration and increases with decrease of the distance between two reaction partners after the touching configuration .	The mass parameter for the neck motion first decreases slightly up to the touching configuration and then increases with the neck width , and its magnitude is from less than tenth to several times more than the total mass of the system .
Specifically , we note that the relationship between the masses of the lightest neutralino and the lighter stau is sensitive to $ M_ { in } $ , as is the relationship between the neutralino mass and the masses of the heavier Higgs bosons .	For these reasons , prominent features in generic $ ( m_ { 1/2 } , m_0 ) $ planes such as coannihilation strips and rapid-annihilation funnels are also sensitive to $ M_ { in } $ , as we illustrate for several cases with tan ( beta ) =10 and 55 .
It is a dG9 spectral type star whose rotational period and X-ray luminosity make it a supersaturated star .	Our X-ray observation , made with EPIC/PN on XMM-Newton , covers about two photometric rotational periods .
introduces a notion of channel emulation to construct noiseless networks as upper ( resp .	lower ) bounding models , which can be used to calculate the outer ( resp .
Both the form of the semiclassical paths and the relevant fluctuations change significantly as a function of temperature .	The semiclassical analysis leads to a detailed picture of barrier penetration in the real time domain and the changeover from thermal activation to quantum tunneling .
The path integral representation is taken as a starting point of semiclassical analysis .	The relation between the spinfoam model and classical simplicial geometry is studied via the large spin asymptotic expansion of the spinfoam amplitude with all spins uniformaly large .
Also , the maximal energy density of the baryons is much lower .	We discuss the time scale of kinetic equilibration of the baryons in the central region and its relevance for directed flow .
to this setting .	Our algorithm yields in linear time a crossing-free straight-line drawing of a cylindric triangulation $ T $ with $ n $ vertices on a regular grid $ Z/wZ\times [ 0 , h ] $ , with $ w\leq 2n $ and $ h\leq n ( 2d+1 ) $ , where $ d $ is the ( graph- ) distance between the two boundaries .
In this note we investigate what we can say about \ot~violation { \em without } such an assumption .	We show that both the modulus and the phase of $ \eta_ { +- } $ can be reproduced with \ot~ { \em invariant } dynamics through finetuning \cpt~breaking .
The shape of an Einstein ring accurately and independently determines the shape of the lens potential and the shape of the lensed host galaxy .	We find that the host galaxies of PG1115+080 , B1608+656 and B1938+666 have axis ratios of 0.58+/-0.02 , 0.69+/-0.02 and 0.62+/-0.15 including the uncertainties in the lens models .
We show that the strain field significantly modifies the conduction and valence band edges of GaN quantum dots .	The piezoelectric field is found to govern excitonic properties of WZ GaN/AlN quantum dots , while it has a smaller effect on WZ GaN/AlGaN , and very little effect on ZB GaN/AlN quantum dots .
A nonsuperconducting ( Tc & lt ; 2 K ) MoNx layer with lower nitrogen content is used for 6 { \Omega } /sq planar resistors for shunting and biasing of Josephson junctions .	Another resistive layer is added to form interlayer , sandwich-type resistors of m { \Omega } range for releasing unwanted flux quanta from superconducting loops of logic cells .
In order to understand the impact of random influences at physical boundary on the evolution of multiscale systems , a stochastic partial differential equation model under a fast random dynamical boundary condition is investigated .	The noises in the model and in the boundary condition are both additive .
The revised version contains an extended introduction with references to recent applications , and a simplified definition of the Weyl groupoid of a semisimple Yetter-Drinfeld module .	Key words : Hopf algebras , quantum groups , Weyl groupoid
Current models do not seem to give a satisfactory explanation for the observed abundances of Lithium in the galactic metal-poor stars and the existence of carbon-enhanced metal-poor ( CEMP ) and Nitrogen-enhanced metal-poor ( NEMP ) stars .	In order to deal with some of these theoretical issues , we suggest an alternative explanation , where some of the Pop .
We developed a method , based on monocular 3D reconstruction from OC images , that automatically matches polyps observed in OC with polyps reported on prior CTC .	A matching cost is computed , using rigid point-based registration between surface point clouds extracted from both modalities .
The solution possesses closed timelike curves ( CTCs ) and other pathologies , whose origin we clarify .	These pathologies can be avoided by setting any one of the charges , e.g.the momentum , to zero .
Our algorithms are based on an efficient split-findmin data structure , which maintains a collection of sequences of weighted elements that may be split into smaller subsequences .	As far as we are aware , our split-findmin algorithm is the first with superlinear but sub-inverse-Ackermann complexity .
Eight LAEs show double-component structures with a mean projected separation of 0 .	`` 63 ( ~ 4.0 kpc at z = 4.86 ) .
The effectiveness of the dynamic multiscale hedging strategy is then tested , both in- and out-of-sample , using standard variance reduction and expanded to include a downside risk metric , the time horizon dependent Value-at-Risk .	Measured using variance reduction , the effectiveness converges to one at longer scales , while a measure of VaR reduction indicates a portion of residual risk remains at all scales .
The filament could be followed in SECCHI/EUVI 304 A stereoscopic data from about 12 hours before to about 2 hours after the eruption , allowing us to determine the 3D trajectory of the erupting filament .	From the 3D reconstructions of the filament and the chromospheric ribbons in the early stage of the eruption , simultaneous heating of both the rising filamentary material and the chromosphere directly below is observed , consistent with an eruption resulting from magnetic reconnection below the filament .
These often have the property that they end in a `` Big Smash '' , a final singularity in which the Universe is destroyed in a finite proper time by excessive *expansion* .	We show that , classically , this fate is not inevitable : there exist Smash-free Phantom cosmologies , obtained by a suitable perturbation of the deSitter equation of state , in which the spacetime is in fact asymptotically deSitter .
It appears that the light-induced coherent acoustic phonon pulse has a typical in-depth spatial extension of about 45 nm which is roughly 4 times the optical skin depth in gold .	The modeling of the transient optical reflectivity indicates that the mechanism of phonon generation is achieved through ultrafast heating of the NPS assisted by light excitation of the volume plasmon .
Around 10^3 strong lensing events are detectable with this method in the Euclid wide survey .	While only ~1 % of the total haul of Euclid lenses , this sample has ~100 % reliability , known source redshifts , high signal-to-noise and a magnification-based selection independent of assumptions of lens morphology .
The variation of composite fields effective action is found in terms of new set of operators depending on composite field .	The theorem of the on-shell gauge fixing independence for the effective action of composite fields in such formalism is proved .
In order to compute the determinant and Casimir force we employ the zeta function scheme .	Essentially , the computation reduces to the analysis of the zeta function associated with a scalar field living on an interval $ [ 0 , L ] $ in a background potential .
( In d=3 stripes mean slabs , not columns . )	Here we rigorously prove that , if we normalize the energy in such a way that the energy of the homogeneous state is zero , then the ratio e_0 ( J ) /e_S ( J ) tends to 1 as J tends to J_c from below , with e_S ( J ) being the energy per site of the optimal periodic striped/slabbed state and e_0 ( J ) the actual ground state energy per site of the system .
The regions of existence of the superfluid and Mott insulator phases are established and the $ ( \mu , t ) $ ( the chemical potential -- transfer parameter ) phase diagrams are built .	The influence of temperature change on this transition is analyzed and the phase diagram in the $ ( T , \mu ) $ plane is constructed .
Calculable , linked , asymmetries in baryon number and DM number are produced by the feeble interaction mediating between the two sectors , while the out-of-equilibrium condition necessary for baryogenesis is provided by the different temperatures of the visible and hidden sectors .	An illustrative model is presented where the visible sector is the MSSM , with the relevant CP violation arising from phases in the gaugino and Higgsino masses , and both asymmetries are generated at temperatures of order 100 GeV .
In a few years , the VLTI instrument GRAVITY will have the capability to image blobs of plasma orbiting near the innermost stable circular orbit of SgrA $ ^* $ , the supermassive black hole candidate in the Milky Way .	The secondary image of a hot spot orbiting around a wormhole is substantially different from that of a hot spot around a black hole , because the photon capture sphere of the wormhole is much smaller .
There is also described a new approach to the classical Maxwell theory based on the derived and newly interpreted basic equations making use of the vacuum field theory approach .	In particular , there are obtained the main classical special relativity theory relations and their new explanations .
General predictions of direct models with $ \Delta ( 6n^2 ) $ flavour groups are that all mixing angles are fixed up to a discrete choice and that the Dirac CP phase is $ 0 $ or $ \pi $ ; Furthermore , the middle column of the mixing matrix is trimaximal which yields the sum rule $ \theta_ { 23 } =45^\circ \mp \theta_ { 13 } /\sqrt { 2 } $ depending on the Dirac phase .	These predictions of lepton mixing parameters are compatible with recent global fit results or will be tested experimentally in the near future .
We show that , for certain regimes of parameters , the Pyramid Scheme can accommodate the current collider mass constraints on physics beyond the standard model with a tree-level light Higgs mass near 125 GeV .	However , in this regime the model exhibits a little hierarchy problem , and one must permit fine-tunings that are generically 5 % .
Linear and nonlinear dynamic properties of a reentrant ferromagnet Cu $ _ { 0.2 } $ Co $ _ { 0.8 } $ Cl $ _ { 2 } $ -FeCl $ _ { 3 } $ graphite bi-intercalation compound are studied using AC and DC magnetic susceptibility .	This compound undergoes successive phase transitions at the transition temperatures $ T_ { h } $ ( = 16 K ) , $ T_ { c } $ ( = 9.7 K ) , and $ T_ { RSG } $ ( = 3.5 K ) .
To analyse the soliton-like nature of these solitary-waves , a particle analogy for the solitary-waves is formulated .	Exact soliton solutions exist in the absence of an external trapping potential , which behave in a particle-like manner , and we find the particle analogy we employ to be a good model also when a harmonic trapping potential is present .
The underlying procedure is the enumeration of admissible vertices of a high-dimensional polytope , where admissibility is a powerful but non-linear and non-convex constraint .	The main results of this paper are significant improvements upon the best known asymptotic bounds on the number of admissible vertices , using polytopes in both the standard normal surface coordinate system and the streamlined quadrilateral coordinate system .
The present study employs molecular dynamics ( MD ) means to unravel the mechanism of rabbit prion proteins ( RaPrPC ) based on the recently available rabbit NMR structures ( of the wild-type and its two mutants of two surface residues ) .	The electrostatic charge distributions on the protein surface are the focus when analysing the MD trajectories .
CL0017-20 possesses a virial mass of $ 2.9 \times 10^ { 14 } $ M $ _\odot $ and a \vmag band luminosity of $ 2.3 \pm 0.5 \times 10^ { 12 } $ L $ _\odot $ ( $ M/L_ { \rm V } = 127 $ ) , much of it in a very compact core of size 113 kpc .	Our new velocities and photometry of CL0500-24 confirm its double nature .
A simple GLAP equation for h_L ( x , Q^2 ) obtained at large N_c is used for the Q^2 evolution .	The correction due to the finite value of N_c is O ( 1/N_c^2 ) \sim 10 % level .
The study of the modification of interfacial properties between an organic solvent and aqueous electrolyte solutions is presented by using electrostatic Dissipative Particle Dynamics ( DPD ) simulations .	In this article the parametrization for the DPD repulsive parameters aij for the electrolyte components is calculated considering the dependence of the Flory-Huggins \c { hi } parameter on the concentration and the kind of electrolyte added , by means of the activity coefficients .
Increasing experimental evidence is building which indicates that signatures of strong correlations are present in the Na rich region of Na $ _x $ CoO $ _2 $ ( ie .	$ x\approx0.7 $ ) and absent in the Na poor region ( ie .
In recent years , ultracold atoms have emerged as an exceptionally controllable experimental system to investigate fundamental physics , ranging from quantum information science to simulations of condensed matter models .	Here we go one step further and explore how cold atoms can be combined with other quantum systems to create new quantum hybrids with tailored properties .
We address this shortcoming using $ L_1 $ regularization in approximate linear programming .	Because the proposed method can automatically select the appropriate richness of features , its performance does not degrade with an increasing number of features .
In this Letter , we consider the implications of an upper limit on the submm flux density for the demographics of the SMG population .	Using a relation amongst submm flux , star formation rate ( SFR ) , and dust mass ( M_d ) from our previous work , we infer the maximum SFR for a range of flux density limits .
To improve the convergence of the dispersion integral , the momentum dependence of strong vertices is taken from the flux-tube-breaking model of Kokoski and Isgur .	The obtained behavior of m_rho^2 ( t ) at small momentum squared t makes the K+ -- & gt ; pi+e+e- form factor rise faster with increasing $ t $ than in the original meson-dominance calculation and more in agreement with the published data .
Possible ways of detecting MACHOs via infrared emission and molecular clouds via the induced gamma-ray flux are discussed .	Molecular clouds located in the M31 dark halo could be discovered through cosmic background radiation ( CBR ) anisotropies or emission lines in the microwave band .
The primary instability is found to depend on $ \eta $ and $ Ta $ .	Wavy rolls are observed at the primary instability for smaller values of $ \eta $ ( $ 1/\sqrt { 3 } \le \eta \le 2 $ except at $ \eta = 1 $ ) and for smaller values of $ Ta $ .
Power that resides in the pure E ( B ) component is guaranteed to be produced by E ( B ) modes , but there is no way to tell whether the ambiguous component comes from E or B modes .	A polarization map can be separated into the three components either by finding an orthonormal basis for each component , or directly in real space by using Green functions or other methods .
Our experiments are carried out using the scanning tunneling microscope based break-junction technique and are supported by density functional theory based calculations .	We find from both experiments and calculations that the coupling of the dominant transport orbital to the metal is stronger for Au-based junctions when compared with Ag-based junctions .
For these instances , we can incorporate this geographical information to determine optimal or nearly-optimal solutions to the n-team Traveling Tournament Problem ( TTP ) , an NP-hard sports scheduling problem whose solution is a double round-robin tournament schedule that minimizes the sum total of distances traveled by all n teams .	We introduce the Linear Distance Traveling Tournament Problem ( LD-TTP ) , and solve it for n=4 and n=6 , generating the complete set of possible solutions through elementary combinatorial techniques .
An $ f $ -invariant subspace $ X \subseteq V $ is called hyperinvariant ( respectively characteristic ) if $ X $ is invariant under all endomorphisms ( respectively automorphisms ) that commute with $ f $ .	If $ |K| & gt ; 2 $ then all characteristic subspaces are hyperinvariant .
To date , most research on hierarchy in networks has been limited to quantifying this property .	However , an open , important question in evolutionary biology is why hierarchical organization evolves in the first place .
First we give an explicit formula for the number of D2CS in a complete k-ary tree , Fibonacci tree , binary Fibonacci tree and the binomial tree .	Next we give an algorithm for enumerating and counting D2CS of a graph .
The smallness of the observed neutrino masses might have a radiative origin .	Here we revisit a specific two-loop model of neutrino mass , independently proposed by Babu and Zee .
A natural question to ask , of broad relevance for the theory and applications of superconductivity , is whether these size effects can also enhance the critical temperature of a bulk granular material composed of such nanograins .	Here we answer this question affirmatively .
The new geometries on an emergent pair of $ ( 3 { \bar 3 } ) $ -brane universe is shown to be influenced by the non-perturbative quantum effects underlying a geometric torsion in a second order formalism .	The presence of small extra dimensions transverse to the pair in the formalism ensures dynamical scalar fields hidden to a $ 3 $ -brane or an anti 3-brane universe .
It reveals a fundamental connection between superconductivity and quantum spin fluctuations in underdoped cuprates : { \em Cooper pair hopping } strongly reduces the local magnetization $ m_0 $ .	This effect pertains to recent muon spin rotation measurements in which $ m_0 $ varies weakly with hole doping in the poorly conducting regime , but drops precipitously above the onset of superconductivity .
Their convergence properties are studied and their practical evaluation , in terms of the available data on $ \pi\pi $ phase shifts above 0.5 GeV , is discussed .	Below 0.5 GeV , the chiral amplitude itself is employed , such that the parameters are determined in a self-consistent way .
Our aim is to investigate the effects of torsion and spin averaged terms on the final outcome of the collapse .	For a specific interior spacetime setup , namely the homogeneous and isotropic FLRW metric , we obtain two classes of solutions to the field equations where depending on the relation between spin source parameters , $ ( i ) $ the collapse procedure culminates in a spacetime singularity or $ ( ii ) $ it is replaced by a non-singular bounce .
We consider eight variations of the problem based on the distance metric used and the omittability or repeatability of the points .	We provide closure to a recent series of complexity results for the case where $ S $ consists of precise points .
We develop a suitable extension of the Birman-Schwinger argument .	Moreover for any given $ \delta & gt ; 0 $ examples of potentials $ V $ are provided such that $ \alpha_+-\alpha_- & lt ; \delta $ .
The method can remove interference even when the frequency changes .	We apply the method to the data produced by the Glasgow laser interferometer in 1996 and the entire series of wide lines corresponding to the electricity supply frequency and its harmonics are removed , leaving the spectrum clean enough to detect possible signals previously masked by them .
In the paper we present an isothermal model for describing damage and fatigue by the use of the Ginzburg-Landau ( G-L ) equation .	Fatigue produces progressive damage , which is related with a variation of the internal structure of the material .
They are known to profer selective advantages for seed dispersion and burial .	In two simple model experiments we show that these anisotropically toothed surfaces naturally serve as motion rectifiers and generically move in a unidirectional manner when subjected to temporally and spatially symmetric excitations of various origins .
We extend the investigation of the recently proposed Kerr/CFT correspondence to large classes of rotating black hole solutions in gauged and ungauged supergravities .	The correspondence , proposed originally for four-dimensional Kerr black holes , asserts that the quantum states in the near-horizon region of an extremal rotating black hole are holographically dual to a two-dimensional chiral theory whose Virasoro algebra arises as an asymptotic symmetry of the near-horizon geometry .
With the release of the first year Fermi catalogue , the number of blazars detected above 100 MeV lying at high redshift has been largely increased .	There are 28 blazars at z & gt ; 2 in the `` clean '' sample .
Three of the AGNs are detected by ALMA and have implied SFRs of ~220-410~M_sun/yr ; the non detection of the other five AGNs places SFR upper limits of & lt ; 210 M_sun/y .	The mean SFR of the protocluster AGNs ( ~110-210 M_sun/yr ) is consistent ( within a factor of ~0.7-2.3 ) with that found for co-eval AGNs in the field , implying that galaxy growth is not significantly accelerated across the protocluster environment .
The oscillations may convert some of the photons departing a distant supernova into axions , making the supernova appear dimmer and hence more distant than it really is .	Averaging over different configurations of the magnetic field we find that the dimming saturates at about 1/3 of the light from the supernovae at very large redshifts .
Our proofs rely on the generalisation to orientable surfaces of the Bouttier-Di Francesco-Guitter bijection , and on generating series methods .	We show that each of the 2g fondamental cycles of the surface contributes a factor m between the numbers of m-hypermaps and m-constellations -- for example , large maps of genus g with even face degrees are bipartite with probability tending to 1/2^ { 2g } .
We use the physical parameters specifically suited toward the modelling of ion channels .	We present a simple iterative scheme to solve the system of nonlinear equations resulting from discretizing the equations implicitly in time , which is demonstrated to converge in a few iterations .
As expected , the Rabi frequency depends quadratically on the driving amplitude and the periodicity with respect to the phase of the drive is twice that of the fundamental harmonic .	The maximum Rabi frequency observed for the second harmonic is just a factor of two lower than that achieved for the first harmonic when driving at the same power .
Through the AdS/CFT correspondence , this leads to a prediction for the volume of certain tri-Sasaki Einstein manifolds .	We also study the unfolding procedure , which relates these D_n quivers to A_ { 2n-5 } quivers .
The Sommerfeld coefficient of the specific heat is fairly small , 0.16 ( 2 ) mJ mol-1 K-2 , indicating that the magnetism reflects localized nature of the 4d electrons .	As far as we know , this is the first observation of an integer ( S = 1 ) spin-chain antiferromagnetism in the 4d electron system .
We find that both of the meson-meson and meson-baryon potentials are nontrivially weak for the whole range of 0.2 fm & lt ; = r & lt ; = 0.8 fm .	The effect of including/excluding the quark-exchange diagrams is found to be marginal .
Orbifolds of two-dimensional quantum field theories have a natural formulation in terms of defects or domain walls .	This perspective allows for a rich generalisation of the orbifolding procedure , which we study in detail for the case of topological field theories .
The equation is considered a prototype of the nonlinear Forchheimer equation , a inverted to the nonlinear Darcy equation with permeability coefficient depending on pressure gradient , for slightly compressible fluid flow in porous media .	The bounds for the solutions are established .
We provide the most comprehensive picture of the $ S=-1 $ hyperon spectrum to date .	Important differences are found between the available analyses making the gathering of further experimental information on $ \bar { K } N $ scattering mandatory to make progress in the assessment of the hyperon spectrum .
We present a modified explicit Euler-Maruyama discretisation scheme that allows us to prove strong convergence , with a rate .	Under some regularity and integrability conditions , we obtain the optimal strong error rate .
Studying the properties of young planetary systems can shed light on how the dynamics and structure of planets evolve during their most formative years .	Recent K2 observations of nearby young clusters ( 10-800 Myr ) have enabled the discovery of such planetary systems .
We investigate , in detail , a model in which the third family fermions are subjected to an SU ( 2 ) dynamics different from the first two families .	Constrained by the precision Z-pole data , the heavy gauge boson mass is bounded from below to be about 1.7 TeV at the $ 2\sigma $ level .
After reviewing the original construction based on its Hamiltonian in the vielbein formalism , we reformulate it in terms of its Lagrangian in both the vielbein and the metric formalisms .	It then becomes obvious that , unlike previous attempts in the literature , not only the potential but also the kinetic structure of the action is modified from the de Rham-Gabadadze-Tolley ( dRGT ) massive gravity theory .
The hypernova feedback drives galactic outflows efficiently in low mass galaxies , and these winds eject heavy elements into the intergalactic medium .	The ejected baryon fraction is larger for less massive galaxies , correlates well with stellar metallicity , and amounts to ~20 % of all baryons in total .
The single-nucleon contribution to the break-up depends on the moments of the spin-dependent structure functions and contributions from local four-nucleon operators .	Experimental deviations from the single-nucleon prediction would provide a probe of strong interactions complimentary to the EMC effect .
The projected mass profile of A 3408 was determined from the ICM temperature and the $ \beta $ -model parameters obtained with ASCA , assuming that the hot gas is spherically symmetric and in hydrostatic equilibrium .	The projected mass within an arc radius , $ r_ { \rm arc } $ , of 110 kpc is $ M ( r_ { \rm arc } ) =1.2^ { +0.8 } _ { -0.4 } \times10^ { 13 } \MO $ .
The sample size is now sufficiently large to allow the topology to be an important tool for testing galaxy formation models .	For comparison , we make mock SDSS samples using several state-of-the-art N-body simulations : the Millennium run of Springel et al .
Prolog 's support for dynamic programming , meta programming and text processing using context free grammars make the language highly suitable for defining domain specific languages ( DSL ) as well as analysing , refactoring or generating expression states in other ( programming ) languages .	Well known DSLs are the DCG ( Definite Clause Grammar ) notation and constraint languages such as CHR .
The survivability of dust being transported in the magnetized sheath near the divertor plate of a tokamak and its impact on the desired balance of erosion and redeposition for a steady-state reactor are investigated .	Two different divertor scenarios are considered .
These dust temperatures are smaller than those which previous studies of the same region have assumed .	We use the new dust temperatures to estimate the masses of the prestellar cores in the rho Oph main cloud from mm observations , and we find core masses that are larger than previous estimates by a factor of ~2-3 .
It is assumed that the sequences $ \underline\lambda_j $ , $ \overline\lambda_j $ are bounded and satisfy some stabilization condition .	Under the classical Lindeberg condition we show that the CLT limit , corresponding to a `` worst '' sequence $ \lambda_j $ , is described by the solution $ v $ of one-dimensional $ G $ -heat equation .
We propose a complete computational framework for topic segmentation and labeling in asynchronous conversations .	Our approach extends state-of-the-art methods by considering a fine-grained structure of an asynchronous conversation , along with other conversational features by applying recent graph-based methods for NLP .
We show that the uncertainty can be greatly reduced if events are selected in which the transverse momenta of the two B-mesons balance each other to some accuracy , that is |\vec p_ { 1T } +\vec p_ { 2T } | & lt ; k_0 .	This will fix the scale \mu_F \simeq k_0 , and will allow the LHCb experiment , in particular , to study the x-behaviour of gluon distribution down to x ~ 10^ { -5 } , at rather low scales , \mu ~ 2 GeV .
It is obtained that inhomogeneous system is described by numbers of particles at quantized positions with quantized momenta .	Difference Kinetic Equation for distribution function transforms into the classical Boltzmann Equation in the limit , where expectation value of particles number varies little .
The SU ( 2 ) case is also examined for the nucleon .	We observe that higher order terms are controlled only around the physical point .
This ULX is an off-nuclear point-source , which is 22 $ ^ { \prime\prime } $ away from the center of NGC 5252 , and has an X-ray luminosity of 1.5 $ \times $ $ 10^ { 40 } $ erg s $ ^ { -1 } $ .	It is one of the rare examples of ULX , which exhibits clear counterparts in radio , optical , UV bands .
Theoretical calculations are performed to understand the electronic structure and magnetic properties of CuFe $ _2 $ Ge $ _2 $ .	The band structure reveal large electron density $ N ( E_F ) $ at the Fermi level suggesting strong itinerant character of magnetism .
In particular we examine the cases of Little String Theory and Noncommutative Yang-Mills theory , using their AdS/CFT descriptions .	We compute the entanglement entropy via the holographic ansatz of Ryu and Takayanagi to conclude that the area law is violated at distance scales that sample the nonlocality of these models , being replaced by an extensive volume law .
We present an analysis of the clustering properties of these cores , including the two-point correlation function and Cartwright 's Q parameter .	We identify individual clusters of dense cores across all three regions using a minimal spanning tree technique , and find that in each cluster , the most massive cores tend to be centrally located .
The Magellanic Stream and several high velocity clouds have now been detected in optical line emission .	The observed emission measures and kinematics are most plausibly explained by photoionization due to hot , young stars in the Galactic disk .
We use high-precision electroweak data to constrain 1/R .	We find limits from 1 to 3 TeV from different observables , with a model independent bound of 2.5 TeV .
In this work , using the density-functional theory and its time-dependent extension , we have investigated the electronic structure and absorption spectra of these newly synthesized dyes , and compared the results to those of N3 dye to describe the variations of the properties due to the molecular engineering of ancillary ligand .	We have shown that the calculation results of the absorption spectra for these dyes using the PBE0 for the exchange-correlation functional are in a better agreement with the experiment than using B3LYP or range-separated CAM-B3LYP .
Our main focus in this paper is on the nodal domains associated with the different eigenfunctions .	In the analogous realm of Laplacians of Riemannian manifolds , nodal domains have been the subject of intensive research for well over a hundred years .
Such NLTE effects may be intensified or weakened by horizontal radiative transfer ( RT ) in a three-dimensionally ( 3-D ) structured atmosphere .	We analyze the influence of horizontal RT on commonly used Fe I lines in a snapshot of a 3-D radiation magneto-hydrodynamic ( MHD ) simulation of a plage region .
The quantum Shubnikov de-Haas oscillations are symmetric and show signatures of topological surface states with Dirac dispersion in the form of non-zero Berry phase .	However , the angular dependence of these oscillations suggests a complex three dimensional Fermi surface as the source of these oscillations , which does not exactly conform with the six ellipsoidal model of the Fermi surface of Bi2Te3 .
Our light curve modeling suggests a radioactivity powered event and an ejecta mass of 0.16 Msun .	If powered by Nickel , we show that the Nickel mass must be very small ( 0.02 Msun ) and that the supernova quickly becomes optically thin to gamma-rays .
The action contains the Myers term , mass terms for three Higgs , and terms mixing the electric fields with other two Higgs .	We derive the action in three different ways , from the M-theory matrix model , from the supermembrane action , and from the Dirac-Born-Infeld action .
The residual frequency-difference jitter is $ \pm $ 150 kHz for a 3 MHz cold cavity half-width at half maximum .	We observe 4 dB of photon-number-difference squeezing at 200 kHz .
It has been developed using uniform trigonometric B-spline basis functions and smoothness is being analyzed using the theory of asymptotically equivalence .	The results show that the most of well-known binary approximating schemes can be considered as the non-stationary counterpart of the proposed algorithm .
We find that low-energy strength increases with N in all multipoles , but with distinctive features in each .	The low-lying 0+ strength near the neutron at large N barely involves protons at all , with the strength coming primarily from a single two-quasineutron configuration with very large spatial extent .
However , a synchrotron model can not account for the observed { \it nuclear } spectrum , even when contributions from the jet , necessary due to the degrading of resolution with wavelength , are included .	The Spitzer data show a clear excess in the spectrum of the nucleus at wavelengths longer than 25 um , which we model as thermal emission from cool dust at a characteristic temperature of 55 \pm 10 K , with an IR luminosity \sim 10^ { 39 } { \rm ~erg ~s^ { -1 } } .
The results obtained are compared with data from the literature .	There is a systematic shift from standard values from Slettebak et al .
The models also exhibit aging effects and breakdown of the usual fluctuation dissipation relation .	It is shown that the glass transition may be responsible for the logarithmic relaxation and may be related to the cooperative effects underlying many phenomena of granular materials such as the Reynolds transition .
In the first two protocols , all Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen pairs are used to distribute a secret key except those chosen for eavesdropping check , because the communication parties measure each of their particles in an invariable measuring basis .	The first protocol is based on the ideal of qubit transmission in blocks .
However , the upper limit of conductance across molecular junctions has not been explored , despite the great potential for efficient information transfer , charge injection and recombination processes .	Here , we study the conductance properties of highly transmitting metal-molecule-metal interfaces , using a series of single-molecule junctions based on oligoacenes with increasing length .
Bernstein has employed the Fermi-Watson theorem to demonstrate that pion photoproduction is a process where isospin violation in the pi N system can be revealed , an approach we review here .	Here we propose a general operator approach to the phenomenon in pion photoproduction , thereby providing an analogue for the framework that was proposed for pi N scattering by Kaufmann and Gibbs .
In the gapless regime , we show that the mean-field theory compares well to known results and that the low-temperature limit is correctly described by bosonization .	In the antiferromagnetic and ferromagnetic gapped regime , we analyze the temperature dependence of the thermal conductivity numerically .
While low field behavior has previously been mostly attributed to elastic impurity scattering in earlier studies , it is found in the study that even low field mobility is affected by inelastic phonon scattering in recent graphene FET experiments reporting high mobilities .	As the FET is biased in the saturation regime , the average carrier injection velocity at the source end of the device is found to remain almost constant with regard to the applied gate voltage over a wide voltage range , which results in significantly improved transistor linearity compared to what a simpler model would predict .
We develop the necessary theory in computational algebraic geometry to place Bayesian networks into the realm of algebraic statistics .	We present an algebra { statistics dictionary focused on statistical modeling .
We construct a one-parameter family of exact time-dependent solutions to 2+1 gravity with a negative cosmological constant and a massless minimally coupled scalar field as source .	These solutions present a continuously self-similar ( CSS ) behaviour near the central singularity , as observed in critical collapse , and an asymptotically AdS behaviour at spatial infinity .
The quantum no-deletion principle restricts us from perfectly deleting a copy but it does not prohibit us from deleting a copy approximately .	Here we construct two types of a universal quantum deletion machine which approximately deletes a copy such that the fidelity of deletion does not depend on the input state .
The low momentum states form the model space while the high momentum states are used to calculate the G-matrix .	The three and higher order particle correlations do not play a role in the latter calculation especially if the correlations induced by the scattering operator are of sufficient short range .
The connectivity of each queue to each server is randomly changing with time ; each server can serve at most one queue and each queue can be served by at most one server per time slot .	Such queueing systems were widely applied in modeling the scheduling ( or resource allocation ) problem in wireless networks .
It is the only cluster , which has all of the following characteristics : ( i ) it is clearly concentrated in the proper-element space ; ( ii ) size-frequency distribution is different from background asteroids ; ( iii ) we have a reasonable collisional/dynamical model of the family .	Henceforth , we can consider it as a real collisional family .
We show this with a linear three-bead swimmer by analytically evaluating the migration speed and the strength of the dipolar flow induced by its swimming motion .	It is found that the distance traveled per cycle and the dipolar flow can be obtained from an integral over the area enclosed by the trajectory of the cycle projected onto a cross-plot of the two distances between beads .
In this paper we present new constraints on the mass sheet derived from a weak-lensing analysis of the Hubble Space Telescope imaging of a 6 arcmin square region surrounding the lensed quasar .	The average mass sheet within a circular aperture ( the strong lens model region ) is constrained by integrating the tangential weak gravitational shear over the surrounding area .
Halo-based models have been successful in predicting the clustering of matter .	However , the validity of the postulate that the clustering is fully determined by matter inside haloes remains largely untested , and it is not clear a priori whether non-virialised matter might contribute significantly to the non-linear clustering signal .
This survey is expected to provide spectral energy distributions with a resolution $ R\simeq40 $ for $ \sim10^6 $ galaxies to $ R\le23 $ ( $ z\sim 1 $ ) , $ \sim 10^4 $ QSOs , and $ \sim 10^5 $ stars .	We calculate that for a median signal-to-noise ratio of 6 , 98 % of stars , 100 % of galaxies and 93 % of QSOs are correctly classified .
These approaches were shown to be effective for Bayesian models including logistic regression models , Gaussian mixture models and hierarchical models .	Here , we introduce the R package parallelMCMCcombine which carries out four of these techniques for combining independent subset posterior samples .
[ Abridged ] We present data and initial results from VLT/X-Shooter emission-line spectroscopy of 96 GRB-selected galaxies at 0.1 & lt ; z & lt ; 3.6 , the largest sample of GRB host spectroscopy available to date .	Most of our GRBs were detected by Swift and 76 % are at 0.5 & lt ; z & lt ; 2.5 with a median z~1.6 .
To construct the effective Hamiltonian , we analyse considered the interaction of an atomic system in a \ { Lambda } configuration , driven by classical fields , with a single cavity mode .	With this interaction , we firstly show how to generate a decoherence-free displaced squeezed state for the cavity field .
Given a closed spin manifold M with fundamental group G , Stephan Stolz introduced the positive scalar curvature exact sequence , in analogy to the surgery exact sequence in topology .	It calculates a structure group of metrics of positive scalar curvature on M ( the object we want to understand ) in terms of spin-bordism of BG and a somewhat mysterious group R ( G ) .
The experimental signature is a distinctive topology consisting of a pair of charged leptons originating from a displaced secondary vertex .	Events corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.6 ( 20.5 ) inverse femtobarns in the electron ( muon ) channel were collected with the CMS detector at the CERN LHC in proton-proton collisions at sqrt ( s ) = 8 TeV .
Our investigation addresses the role of a wide variety of parameters ( critical metallicity for the transition , IMF slope and range , SN/pair-instability SN metal yields , star formation threshold , resolution , etc . )	on the metal-enrichment history and the associated transition in the star formation mode .
The model shows there is a maximum possible disk mass at a given age , since more massive primordial disks process their mass faster .	The corresponding maximum dust luminosity is f_max=0.00016r^ ( 7/3 ) /t_age .
We demonstrate that the harmonic noise can change the transition probabilities substantially and that its impact depends strongly on the characteristic frequency of the noise .	In the underdamped regime of the noise process , its effect is compared with the one of a deterministic sinusoidally oscillating function .
Natural SUSY , motivated by naturalness considerations , exhibits small fine tuning and a characteristic phenomenology with light higgsinos , stops and gluinos .	We describe a scan in NMSSM parameter space motivated by Natural SUSY and guided by the phenomenology of an NMSSM with a slightly broken Peccei-Quinn symmetry and a lightly coupled singlet .
Planets form in disks around young stars .	Interactions with these disks cause them to migrate and thus affect their final orbital periods .
For instance , the anomalous divergence of the chiral current can be calculated in the field-antifield formalism from an extended form of QCD with compensating fields .	The interpretation of this procedure from the bosonized point of view , in the two dimensional case , crucially depends on the possibility of defining a bosonized version for the extended theory .
However , some interesting families are still out of these definitions .	To overcome this situation , here we introduce the concept of restricted Frobenius variety .
The stability range of the AFM order below the Neel temperature of the studied RMnO3 extends to far higher magnetic fields than previously assumed .	Magnetic irreversibility indicating the presence of a spontaneous magnetic moment is found near 50 K for R=Er , Yb , and Tm .
We provide predictions relevant for the LHC at 13 TeV together with a thorough evaluation of the residual uncertainties coming from scale variation , parton distributions , strong coupling constant and heavy quark masses .	In addition , for t-channel production , we compare results as obtained in the 4-flavour and 5-flavour schemes , pinning down the most relevant differences between them .
The effect can be understood in terms of the competing Zeeman effect and large intrinsic spin-orbit interactions in non-centrosymmetric NbSe $ _2 $ monolayers , where the electronic spin is locked to the out-of-plane direction .	Our results provide a strong evidence of unconventional Ising pairing protected by spin-momentum locking and open up a new avenue for studies of non-centrosymmetric superconductivity with unique spin and valley degrees of freedom in the exact two-dimensional limit .
To systematically analyze the dynamical implications of the matter content in cosmology , we generalize earlier dynamical systems approaches so that perfect fluids with a general barotropic equation of state can be treated .	We focus on locally rotationally symmetric Bianchi type IX and Kantowski-Sachs orthogonal perfect fluid models , since such models exhibit a particularly rich dynamical structure and also illustrate typical features of more general cases .
The time and space dependent probability distribution $ P ( r , t ) $ of the underlying Smoluchowski equation is solved by using Crank-Nicholson method .	The mean square displacement shows a transition from sub-diffusive ( exponent $ \alpha \sim $ 0.43 ) to a super-diffusive ( exponent $ \alpha \sim $ 1.75 ) behavior with time and ultimately to a diffusive dynamics .
The present method is based on the CIP-CUP ( Cubic Interpolated Propagation / Combined , Unified Procedure ) method , which is a pressure-based semi-implicit solver for the Euler equations of fluid flows .	In Part I of this series of articles [ M. Ida , Comput.Phys.Commun .
We determine the critical behavior for both transitions and for the multicritical point that separates them .	In contrast to the exotic scaling scenarios found in other random quantum systems , all these transitions are characterized by finite-disorder fixed points with power-law scaling .
The detection yields an extremely precise position of RA ( 2000 ) =12:36:51.99 and Dec ( 2000 ) =+62:12:25.83 with a 1-sigma positional uncertainty of 0.17 arcsec .	The position is consistent with the location of a millimeter wavelength interferometric detection and with the locations of weak VLA detections at 1.4 and 8.4 GHz , but it is not consistent with any previous optical/near-infrared identifications .
We extract the hadronic variable J and the strange quark mass in the continuum at the next-to-leading order obtaining m_s^ { MSbar } ( mu=2 GeV ) = 122 +/- 20 MeV .	A study is made of their dependence on lattice spacing .
Although the neutralino in the minimal supersymmetric model ( MSSM ) , the next-to-minimal supersymmetric model ( NMSSM ) and the nearly minimal supersymmetric model ( nMSSM ) can naturaly explain the dark matter relic density , the PAMELA result can hardly be explained in these popular models .	In the general singlet extension of the MSSM , both the PAMELA result and the relic density can be explained by the singlino-like neutralino .
We first define the concept of a sustainable social norm under which every agent has an incentive to follow the social strategy given the reputation scheme .	We then formulate the problem of designing an optimal social norm , which selects a social norm that maximizes overall social welfare among all sustainable social norms .
Furthermore , the observed summed r-band luminosity of C4 clusters is linearly related to M200 with & lt ; 30 % scatter at any given halo mass .	I also briefly review the selection and observation of Luminous Red Galaxies ( LRGs ) and demonstrate that these galaxies have a similar clustering strength as clusters and groups of galaxies .
In the first method log-polar transformation is applied to the fused images obtained after fusion of visual and thermal images whereas in second method fusion is applied on log-polar transformed individual visual and thermal images .	After this step , which is thus obtained in one form or another , Principal Component Analysis ( PCA ) is applied to reduce dimension of the fused images .
An edge-coloring of a graph $ G $ with colors $ 1 , ... , t $ is an interval $ t $ -coloring if all colors are used , and the colors of edges incident to each vertex of $ G $ are distinct and form an interval of integers .	A graph $ G $ is interval colorable if $ G $ has an interval $ t $ -coloring for some positive integer $ t $ .
We estimate the valence quark contributions for the gamma* Y - & gt ; Lambda* ( Y=Lambda , Sigma0 ) electromagnetic transition form factors .	We focus particularly on the case Lambda*=Lambda ( 1670 ) as an analog reaction with gamma* N - & gt ; N ( 1535 ) .
Including these corrections , we obtain an excellent agreement with experimental data .	Furthermore , contrary to what is obtained with factorization , we predict sizable rate asymmetries in B^\pm - & gt ; K^\pm \pi^0 and B - & gt ; K^\pm pi^\mp .
In the Einstein frame , the most general action for the background can be written in terms of a canonical scalar field which is non-minimally coupled to matter .	The leading corrections to the action are expressible through a quartic kinetic term , and scalar couplings to a Gauss-Bonnet curvature term and the Einstein tensor .
We use a simple tight-binding model to describe the system and numerically compute the conductance-energy and current-voltage characteristics as functions of the gate voltages , ring-to-electrode coupling strength and magnetic flux .	Our theoretical study shows that , for $ \phi=\phi_0/2 $ ( $ \phi_0=ch/e $ , the elementary flux-quantum ) a high output current ( 1 ) ( in the logical sense ) appears if one or both the inputs to the gate are low ( 0 ) , while if both the inputs to the gate are high ( 1 ) , a low output current ( 0 ) appears .
The other two SMGs exhibit CO velocity gradients of ~500 km/s across 0.2 arcsec ( 1.6 kpc ) diameter regions , suggesting that the star forming gas is in compact , rotating disks .	Our data provide compelling evidence that these SMGs represent extreme , short-lived 'maximum ' star forming events in highly dissipative mergers of gas rich galaxies .
If the higher order long distance matrix elements are estimated through velocity scaling rule with adopting $ v^2=0.23 $ and the lower order long distance matrix elements are fixed , the leading order cross sections of color-octet states are reduced by about a factor of $ 20\sim40 % $ at large $ p_T $ at both the Tevatron and the LHC .	Comparing with QCD radiative corrections to color-octet states , relativistic correction is ignored along with $ p_T $ increasing .
A theoretical and experimental study of the spin-dependent photoconductivity in dilute Nitride GaAsN is presented .	The non linear transport model we develop here is based on the rate equations for electrons , holes , deep paramagnetic and non paramagnetic centers both under CW and pulsed optical excitation .
A significant new aspect of the present work is that the magnetic field has an arbitrary angle with respect to the normal to the star 's surface .	We consider the limit where the magnetic field at the surface of the star is not very strong in the sense that the inflow is super Alfv\'enic .
All of the calculations consistently demonstrate that although no d electrons existing , the antiferromagnetic \pi-\pi exchange together with the strong spin-lattice interactions between organic magnets and ZGNRs make the ground state ferromagnetic .	The fundamental physics makes it possible to optimally select the organic magnets towards practical applications .
The meander instability of a vicinal surface growing under step flow conditions is studied within a solid-on-solid model .	In the absence of edge diffusion the selected meander wavelength agrees quantitatively with the continuum linear stability analysis of Bales and Zangwill [ Phys.Rev .
We show that it is possible , for any of these problems , to arbitrarily approach a competitive ratio of $ 1 $ with only a constant number of bits of advice per request .	For the bin packing problem , we give an online algorithm with advice that is $ ( 1+\varepsilon ) $ -competitive and uses $ O\left ( \frac { 1 } { \varepsilon } \log \frac { 1 } { \varepsilon } \right ) $ bits of advice per request .
Using these extensions , we decide for which abelian groups $ K $ and Steiner loops $ Q $ there is a nonflexible C-loop $ C $ with center $ K $ such that $ C/K $ is isomorphic to $ Q $ .	We discuss possible orders of associators in C-loops .
The faint sample includes 14 quasars with spectra obtained as ancillary science targets in the SDSS-III Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey ( BOSS ) , and 59 quasars observed at the MMT and Magellan telescopes .	We construct a well-defined sample of 4.7 & lt ; z & lt ; 5.1 quasars that is highly complete , with 73 spectroscopic identifications out of 92 candidates .
After including several vector-like fields in the bulk , and allowing the most general interactions with their natural strength ( including the higher dimensional ones which may be generated by gravity ) which are consistent with the geometry , a realistic pattern of the Standard Model fermion masses and mixings can be naturally obtained without any flavor symmetry .	Neutrino masses and mixings required for the solar and atmospheric neutrino problems can also be accommodated .
We perform NLO and NNLO analyses which include the reduced cross section HERA data at high y , as well as earlier direct measurements of F_L .	We find that the NNLO analysis gives a better description of F_L at low x than that performed at NLO .
We treat both the scalar field and gravity equivalently , considering each as a small quantum fluctuation about a spatially independent background .	The classical gravitational equations of motion then arise as a tadpole condition on the graviton .
The role of metastable liquid phases in vapor-crystal nucleation is studied using Density Functional Theory ( DFT ) .	The model gives a semi-quantitatively accurate description of both the vapor-liquid-solid phase diagram for both simple fluids ( Lennard-Jones interactions ) and of the low-density/high-density/crystal phase diagram for model globular proteins ( ten Wolde-Frenkel interaction ) .
Community structures detection in complex network is important for understanding not only the topological structures of the network , but also the functions of it .	Stochastic block model and nonnegative matrix factorization are two widely used methods for community detection , which are proposed from different perspectives .
A sequential problem in decentralized detection is considered .	Two observers can make repeated noisy observations of a binary hypothesis on the state of the environment .
Using representation theory , Jackson obtained for each $ k $ an elegant formula for counting these factorizations according to the number of cycles of each factor .	In the cases $ k=2,3 $ Schaeffer and Vassilieva gave a combinatorial proof of Jackson 's formula , and Morales and Vassilieva obtained more refined formulas exhibiting a surprising symmetry property .
We consider two models : a thick filament model constructed from ray-tracing simulations for $ \Lambda $ CDM model , and a thin filament model which models the filament by a string of halos along the line connecting the two LRGs .	We show that the filament lensing signal is in nice agreement with the thick simulation filament , while strongly disfavoring the thin model .
Applications include advertising in social networks with hidden information .	We give an approximation guarantee for a novel greedy algorithm and give a hardness of approximation result which matches up to constant factors .
However showers created by neutrino interactions close to the detector must be picked out against a background of similar events initiated by cosmic ray nuclei .	As a step towards understanding this background , we have made the first detailed analysis of air showers recorded at Haverah Park ( an array which used similar detectors to those planned for the Auger Observatory ) with zenith angles above 60 degs .
A trapezoidal word is closed if its longest repeated prefix has exactly two occurrences in the word , the second one being a suffix of the word .	Otherwise it is open .
A universal system of PDE for UE is derived from previous relations , which leads also to a { \it single independent PDE } for spectral gap probability of various UE .	Thus , orthogonal function bases and Toda lattice are seen at the core of correspondence of different approaches .
The state of cell membranes was evaluated by the method of vital indigo carmine staining .	The microwave-induced condensation of chromatin in human cells was revealed .
We show that owing to the electron-phonon coupling a static lattice distortion may arise at the excitonic instability .	Most importantly such a distortion will destroy the acoustic phase mode being present if the electron-hole pairing and condensation is exclusively driven by the Coulomb interaction .
The colon epithelium is characterized by millions of invaginations , very small cavities , called crypts , where most of the cellular activity occurs .	It is consensual in the medical community , that a potential first manifestation of the carcinogenic process , observed in conventional colonoscopy images , is the appearance of Aberrant Crypt Foci ( ACF ) .
Their kinetic energy of the explosions are larger by more than an order of magnitude than the typical values for this type of SNe , so that these SNe have been called `Hypernovae ' .	We first describe how the basic properties of hypernovae can be derived from observations and modeling .
How reliable our conclusions about the inferred magnetic field depends critically on our understanding of the physics of grain alignment .	Although grain alignment is a problem of half a century standing recent progress achieved in the field makes us believe that we are approaching the solution of this mystery .
The further simplification of a two level system ( a good approximation for H I gives the familiar formulae for the 21-cm line .	The second part of the lesson deals with mapping , and the combination of single dish and interferometer data .
However , the conventional SEC-ASCE methods are vulnerable to 1 ) random scaling of input training signal ; and 2 ) imbalance between convergence speed and steady state mean square error ( MSE ) performance due to fixed step-size of gradient descend method .	In this paper , a mixed square/fourth error criterion ( SFEC ) based improved ASCE methods are proposed to avoid aforementioned shortcomings .
Photometric data of the CoRoT LRa02 target field collected between November 2008 and March 2009 were analysed for stellar variability .	The presented results will help in the future analysis of the CoRoT data , particularly in additional science programs related to variable stars .
We report on our survey for rapid ( time scale of minutes ) photometric variability in symbiotic binaries .	These binaries are becoming an increasingly important place to study accretion onto white dwarfs since they are candidate Type Ia supernovae progenitors .
It is argued that The polarizability is strongly affected by non-dissipative Hall currents induced by the presence of crossed electric and magnetic fields : these can even change its sign .	Results are illustrated in detail for a two dimensional square lattice .
In this model the two prices are represented by eigenvalues of a 2x2 price operator corresponding to `` bid '' and `` ask '' eigenstates .	Matrix elements of price operator fluctuate in time which results in phase jitter for eigenstates .
We find that in a concordance LCDM cosmology , most isolated disk galaxies have remained undisturbed for 8-10 Gyr , such that the age of the Milky Way 's thin disk is unremarkable .	Many systems also have older disk components which have been thickened by minor mergers , consistent with recent observations of nearby field galaxies .
We identify its physical origin , provide an explicit microscopic wave function for it , carry out extensive numerical tests , and list experimental signatures that differentiate it from other candidate non-Abelian FQH states .	We further predict a topological quantum phase transition between two non-Abelian FQH states at filling factors $ \nu=-3/2 $ and $ 5/2 $ in bilayer graphene .
Slater-Jastrow-backflow trial wave functions give lower DMC energies than Slater-Jastrow ones , and backflow slightly favors the beta-tin phase with respect to the diamond phase .	We have investigated the changes in the equation of state that result from the use of different pseudopotentials , the inclusion of either zero-point motion or finite-temperature vibrations , and the application of corrections for finite-size effects .
The superconducting transition temperature is obtained by solving the Eliashberg 's equation .	Reasonable transition temperatures are obtained for moderately large U .
For adequate control , systems must be distinguishable either by physical separation or unique frequencies , and their mutual interactions must be individually manipulable .	These difficult requirements exclude many nanoscale technologies where systems are densely packed and continuously interacting .
The major updates and changes are explained and a comparison to the previous version ( UrQMD-1.3p1 ) in the context of the available data is performed .	The plots and numerical data tables for hadron ( i.e. $ \pi $ , K , p , $ \bar { p } $ , $ \Lambda $ , $ \bar { \Lambda } $ , $ \Xi $ , $ \bar { \Xi } $ , $ \Omega $ , $ \bar { \Omega } $ ) multiplicities , and mean transverse mass momenta , $ & lt ; m_T & gt ; -m_0 $ excitation functions , transverse mass spectra and rapidity distributions in pp and central Au+Au/Pb+Pb reactions from $ E_ { \rm lab } =2A $ GeV to $ \sqrt { s } _ { \rm NN } =200 $ GeV are provided in this paper .
For example , the timelessness of the Wheeler-DeWitt equation can be seen as resulting from using Jacobi 's principle to define the dynamics of 3-geometries through superspace .	In addition , using Jacobi 's principle for non-relativistic particles is equivalent classically to Newton 's theory but leads to a time-independent Schrodinger equation upon Dirac quantization .
Our first result is a two-party multiplicative-weight-update based protocol that uses $ O ( d^2 \log { 1/\eps } ) $ words of communication to classify distributed data in arbitrary dimension $ d $ , $ \eps $ -optimally .	This readily extends to classification over $ k $ nodes with $ O ( kd^2 \log { 1/\eps } ) $ words of communication .
The approximation here discussed is a generalization of the usual mean-field BCS approach and of the in medium T-matrix approximation in the normal phase .	The numerical results in this work are obtained in the quasi-particle approximation .
RP has been used as Communication Skills Training ( CST ) amongst health professionals .	In the teaching of odontology and stomatology , object of our research , dental assistance brings up situations where the professional must develop transversal skills , which improve the interaction with the patient and the dental treatment itself .
Observations of starburst galaxies at \gamma-ray energies gives us the unique opportunity to study non-thermal phenomena associated with hadronic CRs and their relation to the star-formation process .	In this work , recent observations of starburst galaxies with space and ground-based \gamma-ray telescopes are being reviewed and the current state of theoretical work on the \gamma-ray emission is discussed .
The X-ray background puts a strong constraint on the mass of radiatively decaying neutrinos ( m & lt ; = 14 keV ) , whereas the allowed mass range for pion-decay neutrinos ( for a particle lifetime & gt ; 4 X 10^17 s ) is 150 & lt ; = m/MeV & lt ; = 500 .	Taking into account these constraints , we find that sterile neutrinos do not significantly contribute to the optical and near-infrared background .
His theory gave new perspectives concerning deformation quantization , and many authors have developed its mathematical features .	The purpose of this paper is to show that this theory , at first designated to physic , gives a new point of view for the study of singularities of integrable 1-forms .
We looked also at the influence of a varying signal-to-noise ratio over the shear map ( due to local variations of source density ) on the mass reconstruction , by means of Monte-Carlo simulation .	The effect at small scales can easily be corrected-for in most of the relevant cases .
Using the well known quantum hadrodynamics ( QHD ) , we study the effects of meson-hyperon coupling constants on the onset of hyperons in dense nuclear matter .	We use the SU ( 3 ) symmetry group to fix all these coupling constants , constrained to experimental nuclear matter results and astrophysical observations .
Integrating out the `` inner '' space variables yields an effective field theory for the coefficient fields with l_P^2 emerging as the expansion parameter .	For \hbar goint to zero only the leading order field does not vanish .
The virtual state wavefunctions have been an essential ingredient for constructing multi-indexed Laguerre and Jacobi polynomials through multiple Darboux-Crum transformations .	In contrast to the Darboux transformations , the virtual state wavefunctions generate non-polynomial extensions of solvable potentials through the Abraham-Moses transformations .
Unlike most studies in the learning theory that only incorporate the prior knowledge into the generalization bounds , we are able to explicitly utilize the target risk in the learning process .	Our analysis reveals a surprising result on the sample complexity of learning : by exploiting the target risk in the learning algorithm , we show that when the loss function is both strongly convex and smooth , the sample complexity reduces to $ \O ( \log ( \frac { 1 } { \epsilon } ) ) $ , an exponential improvement compared to the sample complexity $ \O ( \frac { 1 } { \epsilon } ) $ for learning with strongly convex loss functions .
A control theoretic approach is presented in this paper for both batch and instantaneous updates of weights in feed-forward neural networks .	The popular Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman ( HJB ) equation has been used to generate an optimal weight update law .
The propagation of heavy quarks in the quark-gluon plasma ( QGP ) has been often treated within the framework of the Langevin equation ( LV ) , i.e.assuming the momentum transfer is small or the scatterings are sufficiently forward peaked , small screening mass $ m_D $ .	We address a direct comparison between the Langevin dynamics and the Boltzmann collisional integral ( BM ) when a bulk medium is in equilibrium at fixed temperature .
In this paper , we investigate the degradation of a chemical TPB coating in a laboratory or factory environment to assess the viability of long-term TPB film storage prior to its initial installation in an LArTPC .	We present evidence for severe degradation due to common fluorescent lights and ambient sunlight in laboratories , with potential losses at the 40 % level in the first day and eventual losses at the 80 % level after a month of exposure .
Here we report the first such measurements for a UDG ( VCC~1287 in the Virgo cluster ) , based on its globular cluster system dynamics and size .	From 7 GCs we measure a mean systemic velocity $ v_ { \rm sys } $ = 1071 $ ^ { +14 } _ { -15 } $ km/s , thereby confirming a Virgo-cluster association .
Among the particle-core states one identifies a finite set which have the property that the angular momenta carried by the proton and neutron quadrupole bosons and the particles respectively , are mutually orthogonal .	The magnetic properties of such states are studied .
However , due to ionization and interaction with the heliosphere , direct sampling of neutral hydrogen in the inner heliosphere is more difficult than sampling the local interstellar neutral helium , which penetrates deep into the heliosphere .	In this paper we report on the first detailed analysis of the direct sampling of neutral hydrogen from the local interstellar medium .
We consider the TeV scale minimal linear seesaw model containing two heavy singlets with opposite lepton number .	This model is fully reconstructible from oscillation data apart from an overall normalization constant which can be constrained from meta-stability of the electroweak vacuum and bounds coming from lepton flavor violation ( LFV ) searches .
Theoretical description of the elastic interaction between colloidal particles in NLC with incorporation of the higher order elastic terms beyond the limit of dipole and qudrupole interactions is proposed .	The expression for the elastic interaction potential between axially symmetric colloidal particles , taking into account of the high order elastic terms , is obtained .
A new approach is proposed , namely CSSF MIMO radar , which applies the technique of step frequency ( SF ) to compressive sensing ( CS ) based multi-input multi-output ( MIMO ) radar .	The proposed approach enables high resolution range , angle and Doppler estimation , while transmitting narrowband pulses .
The data were collected using the D0 detector and correspond to 1.1/fb of integrated luminosity .	Considering two different relations between the couplings at the gammaWW and ZWW vertices , we measure these couplings at 68 % C.L .
As planet-planet interactions build up , some systems become dynamically unstable , leading to strong encounters and ultimately either ejections or collisions of planets .	After discussing the basic physical processes involved , we consider how these interactions apply to extrasolar planetary systems and explore the constraints provided by observed systems .
From this , we find that non-negligible satellite signals occur when the planet-moon separation is similar to or greater than the Einstein radius of the planet .	We find that the satellite signal does not diminish with the increase of the planet-moon separation beyond the Einstein radius of the planet unlike the planetary signal which vanishes when the planet is located well beyond the Einstein radius of the star .
The 16 classes of superconducting states are distinguished by their even/odd numbers of fermions on even-by-even , even-by-odd , odd-by-even , and odd-by-odd lattices .	As a result , the 16 classes topological superconducting states exist even for interacting systems .
A simple analytic expression for threshold electric field as a function of magnetic field is proposed .	Impact ionization is suppressed by magnetic field .
They are computed as the 2N point function of twist fields , by employing the partition function of the model on a particular class of Riemann surfaces .	The results are written in terms of Riemann theta functions .
In many cases these groups are found to correspond to known functional units , such as ecological niches in food webs , modules in biochemical networks ( protein interaction networks , metabolic networks , or genetic regulatory networks ) , or communities in social networks .	Here we present a general technique for inferring hierarchical structure from network data and demonstrate that the existence of hierarchy can simultaneously explain and quantitatively reproduce many commonly observed topological properties of networks , such as right-skewed degree distributions , high clustering coefficients , and short path lengths .
We calculate the optimal solutions of the fully heterogeneous Von Neumann expansion problem with $ N $ processes and $ P $ goods in the limit $ N\to\infty $ .	This model provides an elementary description of the growth of a production economy in the long run .
Comparison with numerical simulations shows reasonable agreement : When normalized to have the same fluctuations at early times , weaker large scale gravity produces fewer massive halos .	However , the opposite can be true for models that are normalized to have the same linear theory power spectrum today , so the abundance of rich clusters potentially places interesting constraints on such models .
The role of surface and volume instabilities is discussed .	It is indicated that the important chemical effects associated with mechanical disruption may lead to isospin fractionation .
Baryon interpolating field operators that are used include nonlocal operators that provide G_2 irreducible representations of the octahedral group .	The decomposition of spin 5/2 or higher spin states is realized for the first time in a lattice QCD calculation .
In a particular regime of coupling constants , degenerate perturbation theory implies that the low energy spectrum of the model can be described by a many-body effective Hamiltonian , which encodes the color code as its ground state subspace .	The gauge symmetry $ \mathbf { Z } _ { 2 } \times\mathbf { Z } _ { 2 } $ of color code could already be realized by identifying three distinct plaquette operators on the lattice .
Several new figures of merit are proposed that quantify not only the intrinsic nonlinear response , but also how the second hyperpolarizability increases with size within a molecular class .	Scaling types can be classified into sub-scaling , nominal scaling that follows the theory of limits , and super-scaling behavior .
This work presents unique measurements of the radionuclide $ ^ { 133 } $ Xe from Fukushima in the upper troposphere above Germany .	The measurements involve air sampling in a research jet aircraft followed by chromatographic xenon extraction and ultra-low background gas counting with miniaturized proportional counters .
Polyak proved that the set $ \ { \Omega1a , \Omega1b , \Omega2a , \Omega3a\ } $ is a minimal generating set of oriented Reidemeister moves .	One may distinguish between forward and backward moves , obtaining $ 32 $ different types of moves , which we call directed oriented Reidemeister moves .
We furthermore investigate existing restrictions from direct searches at LEP , the Tevatron and the CERN p\bar p collider .	We then give examples for characteristic signatures at the LHC .
By comparing with Fermi- LAT measurements , we find that the energy spectrum of the Crab pulsar does not follow a power law with an exponential cutoff , but has an additional hard component , extending up to at least 400 GeV .	This suggests that the emission above 25 GeV is not dominated by curvature radiation , as suggested in the standard scenarios of the OG and SG models .
This frequency modulation is obtained via detuned excitation of light-hole excitons in ( 110 ) -oriented GaAs quantum wells .	The observed photocurrents vanish for resonant excitation of excitons and reverse their direction with a change of the sign of detuning .
Our calculations are being done using valence clover fermions on dynamical N_f=2+1+1 HISQ configurations generated by the MILC Collaboration .	We provide preliminary estimates of the dependence of these matrix elements on the light quark masses , lattice spacing , and the time separation between the source and sink of the nucleons .
For shallow representations our approach provides significantly better reconstructions than existing methods , revealing that there is surprisingly rich information contained in these features .	Inverting a deep network trained on ImageNet provides several insights into the properties of the feature representation learned by the network .
We discuss the thermal pressures ( $ n_H T $ ) in predominantly cold , neutral interstellar gas in the Magellanic Clouds , derived from analyses of the fine-structure excitation of neutral carbon , as seen in high-resolution HST/STIS spectra of seven diverse sight lines in the LMC and SMC .	Detailed fits to the line profiles of the absorption from C I , C I* , and C I** yield consistent column densities for the 3 -- 6 C I multiplets detected in each sight line .
Accounting for the amount of location information they are given by users , these services are able to track users wherever they go and to learn sensitive information about them ( e.g.their points of interest including home , work , religious or political places regularly visited ) .	A number of solutions have been proposed in the past few years to protect users location information while still allowing them to enjoy geo-located services .
We also prove accurate estimates on the gradient of the solution near the boundary $ \partial \Omega $ .	Consequently , we can prove that the solution belongs to $ W^ { 1 , q { \S } } _0 ( \Omega ) $ for $ 1 & lt ; q & lt ; \bar { q } _ { \alpha , \beta } \eqdef\frac { 1+\alpha } { \alpha+\beta-1 } $ optimal if $ \alpha+\beta & gt ; 1 $ .
As an example we allow the photo-z probability distribution to be the sum of $ N_g $ Gaussians .	To limit cosmological degradation to a fixed level , photo-z models with multiple Gaussians require up to 5 times larger calibration sample than one would estimate from assuming a single-Gaussian model .
In this paper , we focus on developing efficient sensitivity analysis methods for a computationally expensive objective function $ f ( x ) $ in the case that the minimization of it has just been performed .	Here `` computationally expensive '' means that each of its evaluation takes significant amount of time , and therefore our main goal to use a small number of function evaluations of $ f ( x ) $ to further infer the sensitivity information of these different parameters .
These effects are results of dynamic modification of the incoming beam of radiation due to polarization of the fullerenes electron shell and reflection of photoelectrons be the fullerenes shell static potential .	We have considered the outer np- and subvalent ns-subshells for Ne , Ar , Kr and Xe noble gas atoms .
This gives equations which can be used to compute the rates of electron-transfer reactions in the nonadiabatic ( golden-rule ) limit numerically within a semiclassical approximation .	The multidimensional ring-polymer instanton trajectories are obtained efficiently by minimization of the action .
In real space , the Kohn-Sham Hamiltonian matrix is highly sparse .	As a result , the transport problem parallelizes naturally and can scale favorably with system size , enabling the computation of conductance in relatively large molecular junction models .
The Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation is the oldest photon radiation that can be observed , having been emitted when the Universe was about 300,000 year old .	It is a blackbody at 2.73 K , and is almost perfectly isotropic , the anisotropies being about one part to 100,000 .
By treating CP-violating interaction as a perturbative term , we solved in a previous paper the Dirac equation in the background of electroweak bubble wall , and obtained the transmission and reflection coefficients for a chiral fermion incident from the symmetric-phase region .	We give the transmission and reflection coefficients under the other boundary condition , that is , the case of the fermion incident from the broken-phase region .
We present a new tool for relating theory and experiment suited for non-Gaussian theories : non-Gaussian spectra .	It does for non-Gaussian theories what the angular power spectrum $ C_\ell $ does for Gaussian theories .
Two multiple-distance-measurement analysis techniques were developed to improve distance precision and to extract the amplitude and frequency of vibrations .	Under laboratory conditions , measurement precision of about 50 nm was achieved for absolute distances ranging from 0.1 meters to 0.7 meters by using the first multiple-distance-measurement technique .
Here we report for the first time on a high-time-resolution study of the evolution of both bosonic and fermionic excitations through a second order electronic charge-ordering SBT in a condensed matter system .	Using a new three-pulse femtosecond spectroscopy technique , we periodically quench our model system into the high-symmetry state , detecting hitherto unrecorded coherent aperiodic undulations of the order parameter ( OP ) , critical slowing down of the collective mode , and evolution of the particle-hole gap appearing through the Peierls-BCS mechanism as the system evolves through the transition .
We present a field theoretical model of anomalous transport in Weyl semi-metals .	We calculate the Chiral Magnetic and Chiral Vortical Effect in the electric , axial ( valley ) and energy current .
We find , however , that if one of the fields belongs to a representation with null states that this has implications for the 3-point functions .	In particular if one of the representations is doubly-degenerate then the 3-point function is determined up to an overall constant .
It consists of billions of interconnected documents Web pages are authored by millions of people .	Accesses made by various users to pages are recorded inside web logs .
Both analytic and numeric results for our model are present .	Our calculations show that a black hole-accretion disk system with black hole mass $ M \simeq 3.66 M_\odot $ , accretion rate $ \dot { M } \simeq 0.54 M_\odot \rm s^ { -1 } $ , spin parameter $ a=0.9 $ and viscosity parameter $ \alpha=0.01 $ may drive a precessed jet with period P=1 s and luminosity $ L=10^ { 51 } $ erg s $ ^ { -1 } $ , corresponding to the scenario for long GRBs .
Traditionally , people thought that the normalized min-sum algorithm is a good approximation to the sum-product algorithm , the best known algorithm for decoding LDPC codes and Turbo codes .	This paper offers an alternative approach to understand the normalized min-sum algorithm .
We develop and explore the background cosmological evolution of this model drawing intuition from other even more restricted galileon models .	The numerical results confirm the presence of selfacceleration , but also reveals a possible instability with respect to galileon perturbations .
In the present paper the conditions that characterize canal hypersurfaces , and which were known earlier , are made more precise .	The main attention is given to the study of the Darboux maps of canal hypersurfaces in the de Sitter space M_1^ { n+1 } and the projective space P^ { n+1 } .
A key question in this context is the relative efficiencies of different `strategies ' , i.e.in what order should the non-deterministic gates be applied , in order to maximize the size of the resulting cluster states ?	In this paper we consider this issue in the context of `large ' cluster states .
The star formation properties of galaxies , such as mean stellar ages , metallicities , stellar masses , and star formation rates ( SFRs ) , are presented as the functions of local galaxy density .	Strong environmental effect is found in the manner that massive galaxies in the high-density core region of cluster tend to have higher metallicities , longer mean stellar ages , and lower specific star formation rates ( SSFRs ) , and their recent star formation activities have been remarkably suppressed .
As a result different sets of kinematical singularities can be regularized .	To smooth sharp peaks some regularization formulas and procedures are used covering most typical cases .
We propose a method and a supporting tool to write and check a specification and an implementation using a set of use cases , \ie input-output pairs that the developer supplies .	These are instances of both good ( correct ) and bad ( incorrect ) behavior .
We present general conditions for the suppression of Fabry-Perot modes in the semiclassical regime in a sample of arbitrary shape , a disordered conductor or a network of ballistic quantum dots , which leads to an anomalous metallic phase .	Through a double-scaling limit , we derive a scaling equation for anomalous metallic transport , in the form of a nonlinear differential equation , which generalizes the ballistic-diffusive scaling equation of a normal metal .
Some recent results for a three -- dimensional , semi -- classical , tight -- binding model for DNA show that there are two types of polarons , named radial and twist polarons , that can transport charge along the DNA molecule .	However , the existence of two types of base pairs in real DNA , makes it crucial to find out if charge transport also exist in DNA chains with different base pairs .
Effects of explicit flavor SU ( 3 ) -symmetry breaking are taken into account .	The Gegenbauer moments are computed , analyzed and compared with those of other models .
However , the signature of orbital humps ( or a hot spot ) was far less prominently observed in the orbital light curves and eclipse profiles than in usual dwarf novae with similar orbital periods .	The combination of low frequency of outbursts and the apparent lack of slowly rising , long outbursts in GY Cnc is difficult to reconcile within the standard framework of dwarf novae .
Here are the main underlying issues : 1 .	The way of recombining the signals at the receivers ; 2 .
In particular we considered two Sierpinski carpets constructed using different generators and characterized by Hausdorff dimensions d_H=log 8/log 3 = 1.8927.. and d_H=log 12/log 4 = 1.7924.. , respectively .	The data show in a clear way the existence of an order-disorder transition at finite temperature in both Sierpinski carpets .
We make explicit the strong dependence of this enhancement on the top squarks mixing angle in the case of the chargino contribution and on the $ \mu $ parameter in the case of the gluino contribution .	We show that , in some regions of the MSSM parametre space , the branching ratio for this process can be as large as $ 10^ { - ( 5-4 ) } $ respecting all existing constraints , including the CLEO measurement of $ BR ( B\to X_s\gamma ) $ .
We will see that this type of methods essentially allows the simulation of ocean scenes in the deep water domain , without breaking waves .	On the other hand , physically-based methods use Navier-Stokes Equations ( NSE ) to represent breaking waves and more generally ocean surface near the shore .
To illustrate the impact of LLS opacity , possibly missed by previous simulations , we add either a uniform or spatially-varying hydrogen bound-free opacity .	This opacity , implemented as the mean free path ( mfp ) of the ionizing photons , extrapolates the observed , post-reionization redshift dependence into the epoch of reionization .
We discuss the ability of these experiments to separate the $ E $ and $ B $ contributions to the polarization signal .	The experiment being developed at Wisconsin university is studied in detail , it will be sensitive to both Stokes parameters and will concentrate on large scale polarization , scanning a $ 47^o $ degree ring .
The Approximate-Fan Theorem is an extension of the Fan Theorem that follows from Brouwer 's principle of induction on bars in Baire space and implies the Principle of Open Induction on Cantor space .	The Principle of Open Induction in Cantor space implies the Fan Theorem , but , conversely the Fan Theorem does not prove the Principle of Open Induction on Cantor space .
( The case of a malicious environment , also known as jammer , or arbitrarily varying channel , is essentially well-understood and comprehensively reviewed . )	Here , after setting out precise definitions , focussing on the problem of quantum communication , we show that entanglement plays a crucial role in this problem : indeed , the assisted capacity where the helper is restricted to product states between channel uses is different from the one with unrestricted helper .
Motivated by this , here we address the natural question of fragility of the d-wave superconducting state in underdoped cuprates .	Using a combination of theoretical approaches we study t-J like models , and discover an - as yet unexplored - instability that is brought about by an `` internal '' ( anti-symmetric mode ) fluctuation of the d-wave state .
Simulations of experimental signal efficiencies and background rejection factors , and full 1-loop calculations are combined to study the sensitivity for neutral Higgs bosons at LEP2 and the NLC .	Compared with previous studies based on an Effective Potential Approach , we identify mass regions where the discovery potential depends on the MSSM parameters other than the top and stop masses .
We investigate DNA breathing dynamics by suggesting and examining several different Brownian functionals associated with bubble lifetime and reactivity .	Bubble dynamics is described as an overdamped random walk in the number of broken base pairs .
The values of $ K_ { \nu } $ are independent of boundary conditions , but the representation of the critical exponents in terms of these $ K_ { \nu } $ depends on boundary conditions .	We illustrate these scaling relations by exploring general rules for boundary critical exponents derived earlier using the Bethe Ansatz solution of the 1D Hubbard model together with boundary conformal field theory , and the theory of Luttinger liquids in finite-size systems .
The masses of these states are explored within the Regge trajectory phenomenology , and the strong decay widths are computed through the method proposed by Eichten { \it et al . } \cite { Eichten } .	Both the mass and the decay width indicate that $ D ( 2550 ) ^0 $ is a good candidate of $ 2^1S_0 $ .
However , owing to the peak constraint , clustering statistics of discrete density peaks are difficult to evaluate .	For this reason , local bias schemes have received considerably more attention in the literature thus far .
The computational cost of using JE is not less than other commonly used methods such as Thermodynamic Integration and Umbrella Sampling methods .	Here we first show a different proof of JE based on the idea of step-wise pulling procedures that is efficient in computing free energies by using JE .
The master equations are in the form of Lindblad generators , with imposed constraints that the dissipations be strictly linear ( i.e.ohmic ) , isotropic and translationally invariant .	A particular form for is chosen to satisfy the constraints .
Additionally , deep near-infrared images from the NTT 3.5m telescope have been used to study the photometric properties of the embedded young stellar cluster , revealing several YSO 's candidates .	By using a set of pre-main sequence isochrones , a mean cluster age in the range 2.5 - 5.0 million years was determined , and evidence of sequential star formation were revealed .
We provide a quick introduction about supersymmetry in chapter 2 to help the understanding the supersymmetric extension of the model .	In the last chapter we present the supersymmetric model and its equations of motion .
At this stage , a hot quasi-static shell is formed above the magnetosphere , the plasma entry rate into magnetosphere is controlled by ( inefficient ) radiative plasma cooling , and the accretion rate onto the NS is suppressed by a factor of \sim 30 relative to the Bondi-Hoyle-Littleton value .	Changes in the local wind velocity and density can only slightly increase the mass accretion rate ( a factor of \sim 10 ) bringing the system into the Compton cooling dominated regime and led to the production of moderately bright flares ( L_x\lesssim 10^ { 36 } erg/s ) .
This is done by using a statistical thermal freeze-out model which incorporates the rapidity ( collision ) axis as well as transverse direction boosts developed within an expanding hot and dense hadronic fluid ( fireball ) till the final freeze-out .	We determine the thermo-chemical freeze-out conditions particularly in terms of temperature , baryon chemical potential and collective flow effect parameters for different particle species .
Upon increasing the doping level , the interlayer coupling changes from antiferromagnetic to ferromagnetic .	As the structural distortion is suppressed , the long-range magnetic order is gradually transformed into a two-dimensional order .
The very good agreement between experimental and ab-initio calculations on the Zn K-edge XANES region clearly show the large Zn2+ ( A ) -- Zn2+ [ B ] transference that takes place in addition to the well-identified Fe3+ [ B ] -- Fe3+ ( A ) one , without altering the long-range structural order .	XANES spectra features as a function of the spinel inversion were shown to depend on the configuration of the ligand shells surrounding the absorbing atom .
Here we predict by first-principles calculations a two-dimensional ( 2D ) TI , also known as a quantum spin Hall ( QSH ) insulator , in a tetragonal bismuth bilayer ( TB-Bi ) structure that is dynamically and thermally stable based on phonon calculations and finite-temperature molecular dynamics simulations .	Density functional theory and tight-binding calculations reveal a band inversion among the Bi-p orbits driven by the strong intrinsic spin-orbit coupling , producing a large nontrivial band gap , which can be effectively tuned by moderate strains .
Most striking has been the competition between , and even coexistence of , antiferromagnetism and superconductivity .	We have measured the Fermi surface ( FS ) of LuNi $ _ { 2 } $ B $ _ { 2 } $ C , and shown that it possesses nesting features capable of explaining some of the phenomena experimentally observed .
The resulting system is called here $ { \sf L2GC { + } FS } $ .	In the cases of intuitionistic logic $ { \sf Int } $ and classical logic $ { \sf Cl } $ , it is noted that $ { \sf Int2GC { + } FS } $ is syntactically equivalent to intuitionistic minimal tense logic $ { \sf IK_t } $ by W. B. Ewald and $ { \sf Cl2GC { + } FS } $ equals classical minimal tense logic $ { \sf K_t } $ .
According to the earlier calculations , the real part of the highly damped quasinormal mode frequency of Kerr black holes approaches zero in the limit where the angular momentum goes to zero .	This result is not consistent with the Schwarzschild limit where the real part of the highly damped quasinormal mode frequency is equal to c^3 ln ( 3 ) / ( 8 pi G M ) .
The width of the Gaussian , or the mean total transverse momentum broadening squared , is given by the path integral of the quark transport parameter $ \hat q_F $ which can also be expressed in a gauge invariant form and is given by the gluon distribution density in the nuclear medium .	We further show that contributions from higher-twist nucleon gluon distributions can be resummed under the extended adjoint two-gluon correlation approximation and the nuclear transverse momentum distribution can be expressed in terms of a transverse scale dependent quark transport parameter or gluon distribution density .
Based on a recent work by Schuller et al. , a geometric representation of all skewonless , non-birefringent , linear media is obtained .	The derived constitutive law is based on a `` core '' , encoding the optical metric up to a constant .
( ii ) We show that incomplete systems can ( at least sometimes ) be converted to physically equivalent complete systems .	Most notably , we give a rigorous proof of completeness for a specific modified model problem .
Only beyond a surprisingly large distance , $ b \approx 30 $ interatomic distances , self-averaging dominates , and the quenched disorder becomes irrelevant for the response of an individual configuration .	We argue that this self-averaging length $ b $ sets also the lower wavelength bound for the applicability of classical eigenfrequency calculations.Particular attention is paid to the displacements of the source , allowing a direct measurement of the local rigidity .
A bin must be used if there is still an item remaining which fits in it when the bin arrives .	The goal is to minimize the total size of all the bins used .
This model predicts a relatively low unabsorbed X-ray luminosity of about L_X ( 0.5-8.0keV ) = 4.1x10^ ( 31 ) D_2^2 erg s^ ( -1 ) , where D_2 is the distance in units of 2kpc .	The best-fitted model of the diffuse nebula is a combination of thermal ( kT = 0.48keV ) and non-thermal ( 1.4 & lt ; Gamma & lt ; 1.9 ) emission .
The zero-polar-field condition in the south started only around 2013 , but it ended by June 2014 .	Thus the asymmetry in the times of polarity reversal switched between cycle 23 and 24 .
The decoupling limit in the MSSM Higgs sector is the most likely scenario in light of the Higgs discovery .	This scenario is further constrained by MSSM Higgs search bounds and flavor observables .
In this article , the influence of a colloidal mass loading on the eigenmodes shape and resonant frequency is investigated by measuring the thermal noise on rectangular AFM microcantilevers with and without a bead attached at their extremities .	The experiments are performed with a home-made ultra-sensitive AFM , based on differential interferometry .
We present and discuss the results of the Herschel Gould Belt survey observations in a ~11 deg^2 area of the Aquila molecular cloud complex at d~260 pc , imaged with the SPIRE/PACS cameras from 70 to 500 micron .	We identify a complete sample of starless dense cores and embedded protostars in this region , and analyze their global properties and spatial distributions .
We show that a first vanishing result , proved for these objects when the base manifold was K\ '' ahler , also holds when the manifold is compact complex .	From this fact and some basic properties of Hermitian Higgs bundles , we conclude several results .
In secure multi-party computation $ n $ parties jointly evaluate an $ n $ -variate function $ f $ in the presence of an adversary which can corrupt up till $ t $ parties .	Almost all the works that have appeared in the literature so far assume the presence of authenticated channels between the parties .
Quasi-potentials are particularly useful for comparing the relative stabilities of equilibria in systems with alternative stable states .	This paper describes QPot 's primary functions , and explains how quasi-potentials can yield insights about the dynamics of stochastic systems .
The gate current is calculated with a continuum-based post-processing method as a function of the particle distribution obtained from Monte Carlo .	Simulation results show that the gate current increases by several orders of magnitude with increasing drain bias and warm electron injection can be an interesting option for programming when short channel effects prohibit the application of larger drain bias .
A new broad absorption line quasar ( BAL ) sample is derived from the first data released by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .	With 116 objects , it is the largest BAL sample yet assembled .
We find that a surface state with { \Delta } 1 symmetry and minority spin character dominating the electronic structure of the bare Co2MnSi ( 100 ) surface is quenched at the Co2MnSi ( 100 ) /MgO interface .	As a result , the interface spin-dependent electronic structure resembles the theoretically expected Co2MnSi bulk band structure , with majority spin electronic states of both { \Delta } 1 and { \Delta } 5 symmetry .
Motivated by recent experimental and theoretical studies of fewparticle vortex clusters in Bose-Einstein condensates , we consider the ordinary differential equations of motion and systematically examine settings for up to N = 6 vortices .	We analyze the existence of corresponding stationary state configurations and also consider their spectral stability properties .
In this paper , we estimate and compare the potential benefits of filtering and hyper-parameter optimization .	Estimating the potential benefit gives an overly optimistic estimate but also empirically demonstrates an approximation of the maximum potential benefit of each method .
Given a neutral Tannakian category $ ( \mathcal { T } , \omega ) $ over a field $ k $ of characteristic $ \neq 2 $ , another fiber functor $ \eta $ over a $ k $ -scheme $ X $ and an orthogonal object $ ( M , q ) $ in $ \mathcal { T } $ , we show formulas relating the torsor $ \bf { Isom } ^ { \otimes } ( \omega , \eta ) $ to Hasse-Witt invariants of the quadratic space $ \omega ( M , q ) $ and the symmetric bundle $ \eta ( M , q ) $ .	We apply this result to various neutral Tannakian categories arising in different contexts .
We find that the intrinsic measurement bandwidth of the electrodes helps the detection of single bases by averaging over the current distributions of each base .	We also find that although the overall magnitude of the current may change dramatically with different detection conditions , the intrinsic distinguishability of the bases is not significantly affected by pore size and transverse field strength .
By associating to an instanton its energy density , we can examine the information metric { \bf g } on the moduli spaces $ \M $ of self-dual connections over Riemannian 4-manifolds .	Compared with the more widely known $ L^2 $ metric , the information metric better reflects the conformal invariance of the self-dual Yang-Mills equations , and seems to have better completeness properties .
This work shows that the high-level patterns of feature values in deep convolutional feature map contain plenty of useful spatial information and proposes a new deep learning approach to object detection , namely Relief R-CNN ( $ R^2 $ -CNN ) .	By extracting positions of objects from these high-level patterns , $ R^2 $ -CNN generates region proposals and performs deep classification simultaneously using the same forward CNN features , unifying the formerly separated object detection process .
The system is reviewed briefly .	Recent results on high-precision description of the Drell-Yan processes at the LHC are presented .
We give a survey of results obtained in the study of these symmetric generating sets .	In keeping with earlier surveys on this matter , we emphasize the sporadic simple groups .
While erasure correcting codes offer a better storage efficiency than replication for similar fault tolerance , they incur higher CPU consumption , higher network consumption and higher disk I/Os .	To address these issues , codes specific to storage systems have been designed .
We study the properties of a trapped interacting three component Fermi gas .	We assume that one of the components can have a different mass from the other two .
vertex ) -homotopy invariants of spatial graphs by applying the Sato-Levine invariant for the constituent 2-component algebraically split links .	In this paper , we construct some new edge ( resp .
In the second problem under consideration , the resource allocation is driven by the availability of the data resource that the peers are interested in sharing .	That is a node can not allocate its uplink resources unless it has data to transmit first .
This leads us to introduce new `` dipolar '' SLEs , besides the known chordal , radial or annular SLEs .	Second , we review the main features of our approach connecting SLEs to conformal field theories ( CFTs ) .
The material improper conductivity is proportional to the averaged impurity charge density .	For high enough conductivity free carriers screen fluctuations in the absence of an external field .
The game subset take-away begins with a simplicial complex \Delta .	Two players take turns removing any element of \Delta as well as all other elements which contain it , and the last player able to move wins .
We investigate the translocation of a single stranded DNA through a pore which fluctuates between two conformations , using coupled master equations .	The probability density function of the first passage times ( FPT ) of the translocation process is calculated , displaying a triple , double or mono peaked behavior , depending on the interconversion rates between the conformations , the applied electric field , and the initial conditions .
1391 of them have photometry with errors smaller than 0.04 , 0.06 , 0.12 , and 0.20 mag in the I , V , B and U-band , respectively .	We constructed a map of interstellar reddening .
We compute two-point correlators involving the U ( 1 ) current and the stress tensor , and use their leading IR behavior to confirm the existence of a single chiral current algebra , and of left- and right-moving Virasoro algebras in the low energy CFT .	The common central charge of the Virasoro algebras is found to match the Brown-Henneaux formula , while the level of the current algebra is related to the Chern-Simons coupling .
( These groups comprise scalings and time translations , admitted for any nonlinearity power , in addition to space-time inversions admitted for a particular conformal nonlinearity power ) .	This is shown to yield not only group-invariant solutions as derived by standard symmetry reduction , but also other exact solutions of a more general form .
The self part of the dynamic structure function , $ S_\mathrm { S } ( q , \omega ) $ , is obtained in a wide range in frequency space ( $ \omega $ ) and reciprocal space ( $ q $ ) .	A broad peak corresponding to the LEE is detected at $ \omega/2\pi=2.5 \times 10^ { 11 } \mathrm { s^ { -1 } } $ ( $ \equiv \omega_ { \mathrm { LEE } } /2\pi $ ) on the contour maps of $ S_\mathrm { S } ( q , \omega ) $ , near and below the glass transition temperature ( $ T_ { \mathrm { g } } $ =230 K ) .
In this way we predict and analyze the double-Regge contribution to the $ K^+ K^- p $ Dalitz plot , which constitutes one of the major backgrounds in the search for strangeonia , hybrids and exotics using $ \gamma p\rightarrow K^+K^-p $ reaction .	We expect that data currently under analysis , and that to come in the future , will allow verification of the double-Regge behavior and a better assessment of this component of the amplitude .
In the present paper , we consider diffusion caused by a combined influence of the electric current and the Hall effect.Such diffusion has a number of very particular properties and , generally , can change the surface chemistry of stars in combination with other diffusion processes .	For instance , current-driven diffusion is accompanied by a propagation of the special type of waves in which only the impurity number density oscillates .
We show that the introduction of a more general closed-shell operator allows one to extend Laughlin 's wave function to account for the richer hierarchies ( 1/3 , 2/5 , 3/7 ... ; 1/5 , 2/9 , 3/13 , ... , etc . )	found experimentally .
Except for a small region around the surface of a Bose-Einstein condensate the correlations can be accurately described as those of a locally homogeneous gas with a spatially varying chemical potential .	The degrees of first and second order coherence are therefore functions of temperature , chemical potential , and position .
% An illustration of the feasibility and the effectiveness of this method is given in the academic framework of twin experiments for a model of the equatorial Pacific ocean .	It is shown that the multivariate aspect of $ \textbf { B } _r $ brings additional information which substantially improves the identification procedure .
We implement an algorithm for conducting BFD 's integrations over the population of unlensed source galaxies which measures ~10 galaxies/second/core with good scaling properties .	Initial tests of this code on ~10^9 simulated lensed galaxy images recover the simulated shear to a fractional accuracy of m=0.0021+-0.0004 , substantially more accurate than has been demonstrated previously for any generally applicable method .
We report on a possible application of the HBT phenomenon in testing the existence of two hypothetical phenomena .	First , it is argued that the existence of a rapidly developing parton cascade in the earliest stages of a high energy nuclear collision process can be tested by studying two-photon HBT correlations over a wide longitudinal momentum scale - corresponding to the early photon emission time from the hypothetical parton system .
New periods and epochs are derived for them .	The new periods are only slightly shorter than the values published on the last edition of the General Catalog of Variable Stars ( GCVS4 ) .
We calculate the stochastic upper bounds for the Lorenz equations using an extension of the background method .	In analogy with Rayleigh-B\'enard convection the upper bounds are for heat transport versus Rayleigh number .
The ARCH process ( R. F. Engle , 1982 ) constitutes a paradigmatic generator of stochastic time series with time-dependent variance like it appears on a wide broad of systems besides economics in which ARCH was born .	Although the ARCH process captures the so-called `` volatility clustering '' and the asymptotic power-law probability density distribution of the random variable , it is not capable to reproduce further statistical properties of many of these time series such as : the strong persistence of the instantaneous variance characterised by large values of the Hurst exponent ( H & gt ; 0.8 ) , and asymptotic power-law decay of the absolute values self-correlation function .
They are AdS_4 x M_7 vacua of M-theory , with M_7 in a certain class of 3-Sasaki-Einstein manifolds obtained by a quotient construction .	The field theories can be engineered from a brane configuration ; their geometry is summarized by a `` hyperKaehler toric fan '' that can be read off easily from the relative angles of the branes .
Assuming that NLS1s are rather `` normal '' Seyfert 1 objects seen along the disc axis , we could estimate the typical inclination angles from the fraction of Seyfert 1 classified as NLS1s , and compute the geometrical factor relating the observed FWHM of broad lines to the virial mass of the MBH .	We show that the geometrical factor can fully account for the `` black hole mass deficit '' observed in NLS1s , and that L/L_Edd is ( on average ) comparable to the value of the more common broad line Seyfert 1 galaxies .
The complex scalar field is taken to be both massive and self-interacting .	Configurations are formed in the case of a linear gravitational scalar coupling ( the Brans-Dicke case ) and a quadratic coupling which has been used previously in a cosmological context .
An $ ( { r , m } ; g ) $ -- graph } ( or biregular graph ) is a graph with degree set $ { r , m } $ and girth $ g $ , and an $ ( { r , m } ; g ) $ -cage ( or biregular cage ) is an $ ( { r , m } ; g ) $ -graph of minimum order $ n ( { r , m } ; g ) $ .	If $ m=r+1 $ , an $ ( { r , m } ; g ) $ -cage is said to be a semiregular cage .
We quantify the amount by which Fe atoms with low spin moments at the antiphase boundaries have higher energies than Fe atoms with high spin moments away from the antiphase boundaries .	These disruptions in magnetic order should be useful in accounting for experimental data such as electric field gradients and hyperfine fields on both Fe and As atoms .
Time-of-flight ( TOF ) photoconductivity measurements reveal a good electron mobility of 10-3 cm2 V-1 s-1 in the blend .	Nevertheless , the photocurrent in solar cells was found to be surprisingly low .
A graph is called reduced if it has no isolated vertices and no two vertices with the same set of neighbors .	Akbari , Cameron , and Khosrovshahi conjectured that the number of vertices of every reduced graph of rank r is at most $ m ( r ) =2^ { ( r+2 ) /2 } -2 $ if r is even and $ m ( r ) = 5\cdot2^ { ( r-3 ) /2 } -2 $ if r is odd .
However , recent results in the context of alkali metal iron selenides , with generic chemical composition $ A_x $ Fe $ _ { 2-y } $ Se $ _2 $ ( $ A $ = alkali element ) , have drastically challenged those previous ideas since at particular compositions $ y $ the low-temperature ground states are insulating and display antiferromagnetic magnetic order with large iron magnetic moments .	Moreover , angle resolved photoemission studies have revealed the absence of hole pockets at the Fermi level in these materials .
From 41 plateau stars we found no evidence for intrinsic dispersion , a tiny trend with Teff and no trend with [ Fe/H ] .	These results argue against depletion by either stellar winds , diffusion or rotational mixing .
Indeed , the computations of these diagrams do not make use of any regularization prescription once the modified propagator always occurs coupled to external conserved currents .	Since the vacuum polarization is unchanged , i.e. , hold the same structure than in QED , the spin-1 self energy diverges .
The phase diagrams show that the magnetically ordered phases sensitively change to other phases with H , indicating that the geometrical frustration inherent in this system is important for the determination of the phase diagram .	No evidence for ferroelectric transitions has been observed in the measurements of the dielectric constant applying the electric fields along three crystallographic axes , a , b and c. Only small dielectric anomalies closely connected with the magnetic phase transitions have been found .
In our model , warm dark matter is composed by collisionless Vlasov particles with a primordial typical velocity $ \simeq 330 $ km s $ ^ { -1 } $ and , consequently , they evaporated from galactic cores and reorganized in halos with a cusp at a finite distance from the galactic center ( in contrast with Cold Dark Matter simulations which predict a cusp at the center of galaxies ) .	This is confirmed by mean-field N-body simulations of the self-gravitating Vlasov dark matter particles in the potential well of the baryonic core .
The time scale and the shape of the $ \gamma $ -ray flare should reflect , in terms of the mirror model , the blob dimensions and the longitudinal distribution of relativistic electrons inside the blob .	For the $ \gamma $ -ray light curve of the type observed in 1996 from 3C 279 , i.e.the rising time of the flare during a few days with a sharp cut-off towards the end of the flare , the density of electrons inside the blob should increase exponentially starting from the front of the blob and reach maximum towards the end of the blob .
The time dependence of the number of units exhibits intermittent structure .	The self-organized criticality is manifested by a power-law distribution of forward avalanches , but two regimes with distinct exponents tau = 1.98 +- 0.04 and tau^prime = 1.65 +- 0.05 are found .
We study the predictive power of industry-specific economic sentiment indicators for future macro-economic developments .	In addition to the sentiment of firms towards their own business situation , we study their sentiment with respect to the banking sector - their main credit providers .
The development of mobile devices ( CPU , memory , and storage ) and the introduction of mobile networks ( Ad-Hoc , Wi-Fi , WiMAX , and 3.5G ) have opened new opportunities for next generation of mobile services .	It becomes more convenience and desirable for mobile internet users to be connected everywhere .
Thermodynamic and transport properties of mesoscopic conductors are strongly influenced by the proximity of a superconductor : An interplay between the large scale quantum coherent wave functions in the normal mesoscopic and the superconducting region , respectively , leads to unusual mechanisms of quantum interference .	These manifest themselves in both the mean and the mesoscopic fluctuation behaviour of superconductor/normal-metal ( SN ) hybrid systems being strikingly different from those of conventional mesoscopic systems .
We calculate , with several corrections , the non-relativistic binding by Higgs exchange and gluon exchange between six top and six anti-top quarks ( actually replaced by left-handed b quarks from time to time ) .	The remarkable result is that , within our calculational accuracy of the order of 14 % in the top quark Yukawa coupling g_t , the experimental running top-quark Yukawa coupling g_t = 0.935 happens to have just that value which gives a perfect cancellation of the unbound mass = 12 top-quark masses by this binding energy .
The computation of the BPS spectra in the various chambers is then reduced to the Representation Theory of the resulting quivers .	We use the quiver description to study the BPS spectrum at both strong and weak coupling .
Each of the quark lines contains the form factors .	These form factors remove the ultraviolet divergences in quark loops .
Here we report the observation in Sr $ _2 $ RuO $ _4 $ with nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) that the spin susceptibility originating from the Ru-4 $ d $ electron slightly $ increases $ by $ \sim 2 $ \ % of total and becomes inhomogeneous in the superconducting state .	These are reasonably explained if the electron pairs form the equal-spin-pairing ( ESP ) in the mixed state .
We also study weaving Schauder bases , where it is necessary to introduce two notions of weaving .	On one hand , we can ask if two Schauder bases are woven when considered as Schauder frames with their biorthogonal functionals , and alternatively , we can ask if each weaving of two Schauder bases remains a Schauder basis .
The Higgs particle has an infrared singular decay to gapless Goldstone excitations , and its response functions are characterized by a pole in the lower-half of the complex frequency plane .	The pole acquires a non-zero real part only at next-to-leading order in 1/N , demonstrating that the Higgs excitation has an oscillatory component even in the scaling limit .
Here we investigate the radiative leptonic decay B_c - & gt ; gamma l nu .	This process is an important background to the annihilation process B_c - & gt ; l nu , which will be used to extract the B_c decay constant .
Here , we show that these correlations appear in the experimentally observable measurement statistics obtained by performing the joint measurement on maximally entangled pairs .	For two-level systems , the results indicate that quantum theory requires imaginary correlations between the measurement errors of X and Y since these correlations are represented by the operator product XY=iZ in the measurement operators .
In low-energy seesaw scenarios where small lepton number violation explains the smallness of neutrino masses , the lepton number conserving d=6 operator contribution generically dominates over the d=5 operator contribution which results in a strong enhancement of the flavour-dependent decay asymmetries without any resonance effects .	To calculate the produced final baryon asymmetry , the flavour equilibration effects directly related to non-unitarity have to be taken into account .
The campaign represents the first contemporaneous data on the object at very high energy ( VHE , E & gt ; 100 GeV ) { \gamma } -ray , X-ray , and UV energies .	Observations with VERITAS in VHE { \gamma } -rays yield a strong detection of 20 { \sigma } with 633 excess events in a total exposure of 18.1 hours live-time .
For instance , the transcription and replication of our genetic code can not take place without the unwinding of the DNA double helix .	Although these biological processes are driven by proteins , there might well be a relation between these biological openings and the spontaneous bubble formation due to thermal fluctuations .
While concept-based methods for information retrieval can provide improved performance over more conventional techniques , they require large amounts of effort to acquire the concepts and their qualitative and quantitative relationships .	This paper discusses an architecture for probabilistic concept-based information retrieval which addresses the knowledge acquisition problem .
Here , we apply a model independent method of differencing and rescaling to identify self-similarity in the Probability Density Functions ( PDF ) of fluctuations in solar wind bulk plasma parameters as seen by the WIND spacecraft .	Whereas the fluctuations of speed v and IMF magnitude B are multi-fractal , we find that the fluctuations in the ion density rho , energy densities B^2 and rho v^2 as well as MHD-approximated Poynting flux vB^2 are mono-scaling on the timescales up to ~26 hours .
Actin cytoskeletal protrusions in crawling cells , or lamellipodia , exhibit various morphological properties such as two characteristic peaks in the distribution of filament orientation with respect to the leading edge .	To understand these properties , using the dendritic nucleation model as a basis for cytoskeletal restructuring , a kinetic-population model with orientational-dependent branching ( birth ) and capping ( death ) is constructed and analyzed .
Applying it to mock data of thin streams in the MW halo , we show that , even for very cold streams , stream-orbit offsets - not modelled in our simple method - introduce systematic biases in the recovered shape parameters .	For the streams that we consider , and our particular choice of potential parameterisation , these errors are of order ~20 % on the halo flattening parameters .
We then provide an explicit construction for the harmonic self-dual ( p , q ) -forms in the middle dimension p+q= ( n+1 ) for the Stenzel metrics in 2 ( n+1 ) dimensions .	Only the ( p , p ) -forms are L^2-normalisable , while for ( p , q ) -forms the degree of divergence grows with |p-q| .
One of the impurities interacts with a bath of free electrons and represents the Hubbard lattice , and the other is coupled to the first impurity by the bare hybridization interaction .	A study of the effective two-impurity Hamiltonian in the frame of the 1/N expansion and for the case of a weak conduction-electron interaction ( small U ) reveals an enhancement of the usual exponential Kondo scale .
This paper reviews the salient features of the quantum scattering theory describing both the operation of the electro-optic phase and amplitude modulators in discrete and continuous-mode formalisms .	This subject is timely and of importance in light of the increasing utilization of these devices in a variety of systems , including quantum key distribution and single-photon wavepacket measurement and conformation .
We write $ [ \lambda , \kappa , \mu ] - & gt ; \rho $ iff every $ ( \lambda , \kappa , \mu ) $ -system has a `` conflict free coloring with $ \rho $ colors '' , i.e.there is a coloring of the elements of $ \cup X $ with $ \rho $ colors such that for each element $ x $ of $ X $ there is a color $ \xi & lt ; \rho $ such that exactly one element of $ x $ has color $ \xi $ .	Our main object of study is the relation $ [ \lambda , \kappa , \mu ] - & gt ; \rho $ .
The introduction of a non-abelian gauge group embedded into the rigid symmetry group G of a field theory with abelian vector fields and no corresponding charges , requires in general the presence of a hierarchy of p-form gauge fields .	The full gauge algebra of this hierarchy can be defined independently of a specific theory and is encoded in the embedding tensor that determines the gauge group .
The Origin 2 .	The Vision of a European CISAC ( Committee on International Security and Arms Control ) 3 .
The problem goes beyond the determination of an ordering of the U ( N ) -valued fields , because one can show that there is no lift of ordinary diffeomorphisms to matrix-valued diffeomorphisms .	On the other hand , the action can presumably be constructed from perturbative string theory calculations .
If we respect the no-signaling principle , byproduct operators can not be avoided .	In this paper , we study the possibility of acausal measurement-based quantum computing by using the process matrix framework [ O. Oreshkov , F. Costa , and C. Brukner , Nature Communications { \bf3 } , 1092 ( 2012 ) ] .
Large scale magnetic field threading an accretion disk is a key ingredient in the jet formation model .	The most attractive scenario for the origin of such a large scale field is the advection of the field by the gas in the accretion disk from the interstellar medium or a companion star .
Starting from high-frequency observations of a L\ ' { e } vy process $ \mathbf { X } $ , we construct estimators for its tail integrals and the Pareto-L\ ' { e } vy copula and prove weak convergence of these estimators in certain function spaces .	Given n observations of increments over intervals of length $ \Delta_n $ , the rate of convergence is $ k_n^ { -1/2 } $ for $ k_n=n\Delta_n $ which is natural concerning inference on the L\ ' { e } vy measure .
The CKM and PMNS matrices have been constructed based on the latest measurements , largely free from theoretical inputs as well as likely NP effects in the case of the former .	To facilitate the construction of the CKM matrix in the PDG representation as well as in view of the comparatively large error in the measured value of the CP violating phase \delta , the possibility of its construction from the tree level measured CKM elements has also been explored using the unitarity triangle .
Presently large efforts are conducted towards the development of highly brilliant gamma beams via Compton back scattering of photons from a high-brilliance electron beam , either on the basis of a normal-conducting electron linac or a ( superconducting ) Energy Recovery Linac ( ERL ) .	Particularly ERL 's provide an extremely brilliant electron beam , thus enabling to generate highest-quality gamma beams .
We introduce an equivariant version of the Cuntz semigroup , that takes an action of a compact group into account .	The equivariant Cuntz semigroup is naturally a semimodule over the representation semiring of the given group .
For the ED correlations , we find that ( i ) the correlations are much stronger than the EE correlations , and are significant even out to distances of 50 Mpc/h ; ( ii ) the signal also decreases as z decreases ; ( iii ) and it increases with halo mass at all distances .	We also provide empirical fitting functions for the EE and ED correlations .
Using exponential distributions as priors for clocks , we analyze the case of a single precessing spin .	We find that , at least with a single qubit , quantum mechanics does not allow exact timekeeping , in contrast to classical mechanics which does .
We describe algorithms , based on Avis and Fukuda 's reverse search paradigm , for listing all maximal independent sets in a sparse graph in polynomial time and delay per output .	For bounded degree graphs , our algorithms take constant time per set generated ; for minor-closed graph families , the time is O ( n ) per set , and for more general sparse graph families we achieve subquadratic time per set .
We report an experimental study on the drying of silica colloidal dispersions .	Here we focus on a surface instability occurring in a drying paste phase before crack formation which affects the final film quality .
Oscillator phase noise ( PN ) is one of the major problems that affect the performance of communication systems .	In this paper , a direct connection between oscillator measurements , in terms of measured single-side band PN spectrum , and the optimal communication system performance , in terms of the resulting error vector magnitude ( EVM ) due to PN , is mathematically derived and analyzed .
A series of experiments was carried out in a few last years on study of the dynamical diffraction of polarized neutrons in thick ( 1-10 cm ) quartz crystals , using the forward diffraction beam and Bragg angles close to 90^0 .	As well new neutron optics phenomena were investigated .
We perform large-scale Monte Carlo simulations using the Machta-Newman-Chayes algorithms to study the critical behavior of both the diluted antiferromagnet in a field with 30 % dilution and the random-field Ising model with Gaussian random fields for different field strengths .	Analytical calculations by Cardy [ Phys.Rev .
Each one of these sequences possesses a mass-shedding limit .	Starting at this point , the sequences proceed towards the Maclaurin sequence and beyond .
The source catalog includes 662 sources , reaches a limiting unabsorbed luminosity of ~2.4x10^ ( 34 ) erg/s in the 0.35-8.0keV energy band , and contains source positions , source net counts , fluxes and significances in several energy bands , and information on source variability .	The analysis challenges posed by ChASeM33 and the techniques adopted to address these challenges are discussed .
The helium core mass after hydrogen burning corresponds to 32 M_solar .	Nucleosynthesis calculations have been performed during the stellar evolution and the jetlike supernova explosion of a collapsar model , where the weak s- , p- , and r-processes are taken into account .
However , the probability of fragmentation and the number of fragments seem to be determined to a large degree by the initial conditions .	In this work we study the fate of the linear perturbations of a homogeneous gas sphere both analytically and numerically .
We study finite open-world query answering ( FQA ) , which assumes that the underlying world is finite and thus only considers the finite completions of the instance .	The major known decidable cases of FQA derive from the following : the guarded fragment of first-order logic , which can express referential constraints ( data in one place points to data in another ) but can not express number restrictions such as functional dependencies ; and the guarded fragment with number restrictions but on a signature of arity only two .
The procedure yields the exact solution for the Green 's function , which describes the scattering of monochromatic radiation injected into the column from a source located near the surface of the star .	Collisions between the injected photons and the infalling electrons cause the radiation to gain energy as it diffuses through the gas and gradually escapes by passing through the walls of the column .
A gauge-invariant monopole-like quantity is defined by a violation of the Bianchi identity with respect to the Abelian-like field strength .	The squeezing of the non-Abelian electric field $ \sqrt { \sum_a ( E^a_i ) ^2 } $ between a pair of static quark and anti-quark occurs due to the solenoidal current coming from the gauge-invariant monopole-like quantity .
The extreme variability of observables across the phase diagram of the cuprate high temperature superconductors has remained a profound mystery , with no convincing explanation of the superconducting dome .	While much attention has been paid to the underdoped regime of the hole-doped cuprates because of its proximity to a complex Mott insulating phase , little attention has been paid to the overdoped regime .
In this paper we address the elementary question of the effect of vacancies on the orientation of the surrounding magnetic moments in an antiferromagnet .	In the presence of a magnetic field , alternating magnetic moments are induced , which can be described by a universal expression that is valid in any ordered antiferromagnet and turns out to be independent of temperature over a large range .
The conductance between the cylinders has resonant behavior .	The form and the position of resonant peaks are studied .
The multivariate extended skew-normal distribution allows for accommodating raw data which are skewed and heavy tailed , and has at least three appealing statistical properties , namely closure under conditioning , affine transformations , and marginalization .	In this paper we propose a Bayesian computational approach based on a sequential Monte Carlo ( SMC ) sampler to estimate such distributions .
The detection of astronomical neutrino sources is one of the main goals of ANTARES .	The search for point-like neutrino sources with the ANTARES telescope is described and the preliminary results obtained with data collected from 2007 to 2010 are shown .
We prove that a ( pan , even hole ) -free graph can be decomposed by clique cutsets into essentially unit circular-arc graphs .	This structure theorem is the basis of our $ O ( nm ) $ -time certifying algorithm for recognizing ( pan , even hole ) -free graphs and for our $ O ( n^ { 2.5 } +nm ) $ -time algorithm to optimally color them .
The density and the arrival time of the photons at the PMT are recorded for each shower .	The energy threshold and collection area of the array are estimated , from Monte Carlo simulations , to be $ \sim $ 900 GeV and 10 $ ^5 $ m $ ^2 $ respectively .
Genetic variation affecting gene regulation is a central driver of phenotypic differences between individuals and can be used to uncover how biological processes are organized in a cell .	Although detecting cis-eQTLs is now routine , trans-eQTLs have proven more challenging to find due to the modest variance explained and the multiple tests burden of testing millions of SNPs for association to thousands of transcripts .
Depending on the setup it is possible to obtain a variety of shapes which give a good qualitative agreement with observational results .	However , as we show , the extremely low velocity dispersions of the axions velocity are required to form the single vortex on the galactic scales .
We present mid-infrared Spitzer Space Telescope observations of a complete sample of star-forming dwarf galaxies selected from the KPNO International Spectroscopic Survey .	The galaxies span a wide range in mid-infrared properties .
A model of 3+1 dimensional gravity with negative cosmological constant coupled to abelian gauge fields has been proposed as a gravity dual for Lifshitz like critical phenomena in 2+1 dimensions .	The finite temperature behavior is described by black holes that are asymptotic to the Lifshitz fixed point geometry .
We study superstrings with orientifold projections and with generalized open string boundary conditions ( D-branes ) .	We find two types of consistency condition , one related to the algebra of Chan-Paton factors and the other to cancellation of divergences .
Dynamic processes in dispersions of charged spherical particles are of importance both in fundamental science , and in technical and bio-medical applications .	There exists a large variety of charged-particles systems , ranging from nanometer-sized electrolyte ions to micron-sized charge-stabilized colloids .
The angular bispectrum is the harmonic transform of the three-point correlation function , analogous to the angular power spectrum , the harmonic transform of the two-point correlation function .	First , we study statistical properties of the bispectrum and the normalized bispectrum .
We consider a strategy to avoid the need for these extremely costly and noisy contributions .	The strategy is based on simulations with an isospin chemical potential which , contrary to a baryon chemical potential , has no sign problem .
In this paper we calculate the scaling properties of the quasi-static energy release rate and the viscoelastic contribution to the fracture energy of various biological composites , using both perturbative and non-perturbative approaches .	We consider coarse-grained descriptions of three types of anisotropic structures : ( i ) Liquid-crystal-like composites ( ii ) Stratified composites ( iii ) Staggered composites , for different crack orientations .
The Generalized Volume Conjecture states that the value of the $ n $ -th colored Jones polynomial at $ \exp ( 2 \pi i \a/n ) $ is a sequence of complex numbers that grows exponentially , for a fixed real angle $ \a $ .	Moreover the exponential growth rate of this sequence is proportional to the volume of the 3-manifold obtained by $ ( 1/\a,0 ) $ Dehn filling .
An experimental method for suppression of DC term in the reconstructed images from Fresnel digital holograms is presented .	In this method , two holograms for the same object are captured sequentially and subtracted .
In this work , we present a modeling and computational framework for proliferating cell population undergoing symmetric cell division .	In contrast to existing models , the proposed model incorporates both , the discrete age structure and continuous label dynamics .
Some remarks about energy flow for SdS BHs in regime of evaporation or anti-evaporation are also done .	Study of no boundary condition shows that this condition supports anti-evaporation for nucleated BHs ( at least in frames of our approximation ) .
We emphasize that there is no operator product expansion for this process .	Nonetheless , some nonperturbative effects involving a virtual $ c\bar c $ loop are calculable using the operator product expansion .
The Einstein spontaneous rates ( A-coefficients ) of Fe^+ lines have been computed by several authors , with results that differ from each other up to 40 % .	Consequently , models for line emissivities suffer from uncertainties which in turn affect the determination of the physical conditions at the base of line excitation .
Although it seems weird to intentionally generate incorrect training labels , we show that DisturbLabel prevents the network training from over-fitting by implicitly averaging over exponentially many networks which are trained with different label sets .	To the best of our knowledge , DisturbLabel serves as the first work which adds noises on the loss layer .
Group brainstorming is a well-known idea generation technique , which plays a key role in software development processes .	Despite this , the relevant literature has had little to offer in advancing our understanding of the effectiveness of group brainstorming sessions .
Some processes , in particular the Compton scattering on selectrons , appear to be independent of momentum transfer and thus they are qualitatively different from processes in an electromagnetic plasma .	It suggests that transport properties of the SUSY plasma are different than those of its non-supersymmetric counterpart .
Detailed knowledge of mechanical parameters such as cell elasticity , stiffness of the growth substrate , or traction stresses generated during axonal extensions is essential for understanding the mechanisms that control neuronal growth .	Here we combine Atomic Force Microscopy based force spectroscopy with Fluorescence Microscopy to produce systematic , high-resolution elasticity maps for three different types of live neuronal cells : cortical ( embryonic rat ) , embryonic chick dorsal root ganglion , and P-19 ( mouse embryonic carcinoma stem cells ) neurons .
We conjecture that an organizational model that fulfills the mentioned requirements is the Fractal Social Organization ( FSO ) .	Our goal is to prove and verify the effectiveness of this model by performing various simulations using the NetLogo environment , a tool that allows agent-based rapid prototyping .
The asymmetries between charm and anticharm mesons observed in fixed-target photoproduction experiments are an order of magnitude larger than the asymmetries predicted by conventional perturbative QCD .	We show that these charm meson asymmetries can be explained by a heavy-quark recombination mechanism for heavy meson production .
In this paper we discuss mainly with our proposed non maximally entangled mixed state defined in ( Adhikari \textit { et .	al } , \textit { Quant.Inf.Comp .
We then discuss a role of transfer process in fusion of weakly bound nuclei , and point out that removing spurious Pauli forbidden transfer components from the calculation may be crucial at energies below the barrier .	Calculations based on the three-body classical trajectory Monte Carlo ( CTMC ) method are also presented in order to discuss how to model complete fusion process .
We present the most recent measurements of top quark pairs production and top quark properties in proton-antiproton collisions with center-of-mass energy of 1.96 TeV using CDF II detector at the Tevatron .	The combination of top pair production cross section measurements and the direct measurement of top quark width are reported .
Performing a field redefinition to a non-geometric frame , these T-duals take a very simple form reminiscent of the constant Q- and R-flux backgrounds .	In addition , it is shown how the analysis of arXiv:1304.2784 generalizes to heterotic generalized geometry .
We introduce a method to measure the impedance of the tissue , and which preserves the intact cell-medium interface , using whole-cell patch-clamp recordings in vivo and in vitro .	We find that neural tissue has marked non-ohmic and frequency-filtering properties , which are not consistent with a resistive ( ohmic ) medium , as often assumed .
We demonstrate the ability to guide high-frequency photoacoustic waves through thick tissue with a water-filled silica-capillary ( 150 \mu m inner diameter and 30 mm long ) .	An optical-resolution photoacoustic image of a 30 \mu m diameter absorbing nylon thread was obtained by guiding the acoustic waves in the capillary through a 3 cm thick fat layer .
This model allows to understand many experiments of thin film deposition .	In the first part , we describe the model , which incorporates deposition , particle and cluster diffusion , and aggregation .
We consider a generalized version of the Rabi model that includes a nonlinear , dispersive-type atom-field interaction in addition to the usual linear dipole coupling , as well as cavity dissipation .	An effective system of this sort arises , for example , in a quantum simulation of the Rabi model based upon Raman transitions in an optical cavity QED setting [ A. L. Grimsmo and S. Parkins , Phys.Rev .
Oscillating universes appear in all cases , but with a characteristic scale of the order of the Planck scale .	Bouncing regular solutions emerge for the flat curvature case .
The combination of CMB , distance and weak lensing data somewhat prefer our model to $ \Lambda $ CDM , at $ \Delta\chi^2=2.4 $ .	Moreover , this improved solution has $ \sigma_8=0.79 \pm 0.02 $ , consistent with the value implied by cluster counts .
Spectra with the same resolution and wavelength coverage of these systems are compared and contrasted .	Some new photometry is also presented .
We introduce layer systems for proving generalizations of the modularity of confluence for first-order rewrite systems .	Layer systems specify how terms can be divided into layers .
We have studied the time evolution of the fluctuations in the net baryon number for different initial conditions and space time evolution scenarios .	We observe that the fluctuations at the freeze-out depend crucially on the equation of state ( EOS ) of the system and for realistic EOS the initial fluctuation is substantially dissipated at the freeze-out stage .
We consider expansions of a generalized hypergeometric-type sums , $ \sum_ { n_1 , ... , n_N } [ Gamma ( a1.n+c1 ) Gamma ( a2.n } +c2 ) ... Gamma ( aM.n+cM ) ] / [ Gamma ( b1.n+d1 ) Gamma ( b2.n+d2 ) ... Gamma ( bM.n+dM ) ] x1^n1 ... xN^nN $ with $ ai.n=\sum_ { j=1 } ^N a_ { ij } nj $ , etc. , in a small parameter epsilon around rational values of ci , di 's .	Type I sum corresponds to the case where , in the limit epsilon - & gt ; 0 , the summand reduces to a rational function of nj 's times x1^n1 ... xN^nN ; ci , di 's can depend on an external integer index .
A necessary and sufficient condition of the possibility of a deterministic local operations and classical communication ( LOCC ) transformation of three-qubit pure states is given .	The condition shows that the three-qubit pure states are a partially ordered set parametrized by five well-known entanglement parameters and a novel parameter ; the five are the concurrences $ C_ { AB } $ , $ C_ { AC } $ , $ C_ { BC } $ , the tangle $ \tau_ { ABC } $ and the fifth parameter $ J_ { 5 } $ of Ref .
We focus on their statistical properties in this paper .	Twenty-four optical flares are obtained from 19 GRBs .
Each term of this series becomes divergent in the long time limit if the power spectrum of the noise does not vanish at zero frequency .	These divergencies have a physical consequence : they modify the scaling of all the moments of the order parameter near the threshold and lead to a multifractal behaviour .
We argue that this substructure could be related to the activity of NGC 1275 in the past .	Bubbles of relativistic plasma , inflated by jets , be forced to rise by buoyancy forces , mix with the ambient intracluster medium ( ICM ) , and then spread .
The present study involving several experimental methods on this compound establish that the magnetic structure of Ba3FeRu2O9 is indeed very different from all other 6H ruthenates .	Local structural study reveals that the possible Fe/Ru-site disorder further extends to create local chemical inhomogeneity , affecting the high temperature magnetism of this material .
First , closed-form expressions are derived relating the reflection and transmission coefficients of a general bianisotropic metasurface to its constituent surface parameters .	Next , a systematic method to design bianisotropic metasurfaces is presented .
We construct new splitting formulae that require two , three or four force evaluations per time-step .	Limited , proof-of-concept numerical experiments suggest that the new integrators may provide an improvement on the efficiency of the standard Verlet method , especially in problems with high dimensionality .
In all these cases , we get oracle inequalities .	In the former we also have a polynomial rate of convergence for the non-parametric problem .
When $ M $ is fibered over $ S^1 $ and $ H_1 ( M ) =\mathbb { Z } $ , we show that the natural surgery map from the space of $ \mathbb { Q } [ t^ { \pm 1 } ] $ -colored Jacobi diagrams on $ S^1 $ of degree $ n $ to the graded quotient $ \mathscr { K } _n ( M ) /\mathscr { K } _ { n+1 } ( M ) $ is injective for $ n\leq 2 $ .	This already shows that the classification of nullhomologous knots in $ M $ by finite type invariants considered in this paper is rather fine .
The relaxors Pb ( Zn $ _ { 1/3 } $ Nb $ _ { 2/3 } $ ) O $ _ { 3 } $ ( PZN ) and Pb ( Mg $ _ { 1/3 } $ Nb $ _ { 2/3 } $ ) O $ _ { 3 } $ ( PMN ) have very similar properties based on the dielectric response around the critical temperature $ T_ { c } $ ( defined by the structural transition under the application of an electric field ) .	It has been widely believed that these materials are quite different below $ T_ { c } $ with the unit cell of PMN remaining cubic while in PZN the low temperature unit cell is rhombohedral in shape .
The comparison method captures the results of algorithms in a single figure that can then be compared using traditional statistical techniques .	Thus , the proposed method of comparing algorithms is an objective procedure designed to assist in the process of improving an algorithm .
We summarize a book under publication with his title written by the three present authors , on the theory of Zipf 's law , and more generally of power laws , driven by the mechanism of proportional growth .	The preprint is available upon request from the authors .
This strategy exploits simultaneously the unique flexibility of the LHC collider in running variable beam particle species at variable beam energies , and the configuration flexibility of the LHC detectors .	We propose their concrete settings for a precision measurement of the Standard Model parameters .
The charge transport mechanism and the macroscopic dielectric constant in polycrystalline device materials commonly exhibit several components such as electrode-sample interface , grain boundary and bulk contributions .	In order to gain precise understanding of the functionality of polycrystalline electroceramic device materials it is essential to deconvolute these contributions .
The method is inspired by and applied to visualization of nematic liquid crystal ( LC ) reorientation dynamics simulations .	The method distributes hyperstreamlines along domain boundaries and edges of a nearest-neighbor graph whose vertices are degenerate regions of the alignment tensor field , which correspond to orientational defects in a nematic LC domain .
If this function is small ( an assumption that validates a Born-type approximation ) , then formulas for the solution to the inverse problem are obtained from the scattering data : the complex permittivity $ \ep ' ( x ) $ in a bounded region $ D\subset \R^3 $ is found from the scattering amplitude $ A ( \beta , \alpha , k ) $ known for a fixed $ k=\omega\sqrt { \ep_0 \mu_0 } & gt ; 0 $ and all $ \beta , \alpha \in S^2 $ , where $ S^2 $ is the unit sphere in $ \R^3 $ , $ \ep_0 $ and $ \mu_0 $ are constant permittivity and magnetic permeability in the exterior region $ D'=\R^3 \setminus D $ .	The { \it novel points } in this paper include : i ) A reduction of the inverse problem for { \it vector EM waves } to a { \it vector integral equation with scalar kernel } without any symmetry assumptions on the scatterer , ii ) A derivation of the { \it scalar integral equation } of the first kind for solving the inverse scattering problem , and iii ) Presenting formulas for solving this scalar integral equation .
Such a group $ H $ is called a generalized Fermat group of type $ ( k , n ) $ .	If $ ( n-1 ) ( k-1 ) & gt ; 2 $ , then $ F_ { k , n } $ has genus $ g_ { n , k } & gt ; 1 $ and it is known to be non-hyperelliptic .
A realistic equation of state is used which takes into account the energy losses due to dissociation of nuclei .	The heating due to neutrino-antineutrino annihilation is not included .
We present a supersymmetric version of a two-field relaxion model that naturalizes tuned versions of supersymmetry .	This arises from a relaxion mechanism that does not depend on QCD dynamics and where the relaxion potential barrier height is controlled by a second axion-like field .
In this paper we investigate these solutions from a ten-dimensional point of view .	In particular , we demonstrate that there exists an attractive class of de Sitter solutions , whose geometry , fluxes and source terms can be entirely written in terms of the universal forms that are defined on all SU ( 3 ) -structure manifolds .
We show that it is likely that the short burst was indeed originating from LS I +61 303 ( although we can not totally exclude the improbable presence of a far-away line-of-sight magnetar ) and that it is a different phenomena with respect to the previously-observed ks-long flares from this system .	Accepting as a hypothesis that LS I +61 303 is the first magnetar detected in a binary system , we study which are the implications .
Each cube has unit length on each edge and its surface is colored so that what we call the Surface Color Condition is satisfied .	Given a palette of six colors , the condition requires that each face should have exactly one color and all faces should have different colors from each other .
Quasi-Landau levels ( QLLs ) , dispersionless Landau subbands within a certain region of k-space , are resulted from the competition between magnetic and quantum confinement effects .	In bilayer system , the interlayer interactions lead to two groups of QLLs , one occurring at the Fermi level and the other one occurring at higher energies .
We investigate cosmological consequences of an extended gravity model which belongs to the same class studied by Accetta and Steinhardt in an extended inflationary scenario .	But we do not worry about inflation in our model ; instead , we focus on a topological object formed during cosmological phase transitions .
The Berry connection , which is given as the inner product of two ground states with different local twist angles , is expressed as a Monte Carlo average on the worldlines with fixed spin configurations at the imaginary-time boundaries .	The `` complex weight problem '' caused by the local twist is solved by adopting the meron cluster algorithm .
We study the effects of mobility on the evolution of cooperation among mobile players , which imitate collective motion of biological flocks and interact with neighbors within a prescribed radius $ R $ .	Adopting the prisoner 's dilemma game and the snowdrift game as metaphors , we find that cooperation can be maintained and even enhanced for low velocities and small payoff parameters , when compared with the case that all agents do not move .
We assume that by applying several complementary selection techniques of QSOs , our parent sample will be complete down to our adopted magnitude limit of $ J=20 $ .	Spectroscopic follow-up with the NOT/ALFOSC was carried out to obtain a 100\ % redshift completeness of the sample .
We also report on extended abundance analyses of 14 Her , HD187123 , HD210277 , and Rho Cnc .	If we include the recent spectroscopic analyses of HD217107 by Randich et al .
We show , through Monte Carlo simulations , that the models are able to reproduce important stylized facts of financial time series as the persistence of volatility .	In particular , we analyzed high frequency data from the Italian stock market from the first of January 2007 until end of December 2010 and we apply to it the semi-Markov chain model and the indexed semi-Markov chain model .
We present measurements of the angular power spectrum of millimeter wave anisotropies with the APEX-SZ instrument .	APEX-SZ has mapped 0.8 square degrees of sky at a frequency of 150 GHz with an angular resolution of 1 ' .
This number decreases to 10^ { -4 } /pc^3 when the initial mass ratio distribution is approximately proportional to the inverse of the initial mass ratio .	More than 75 % of the WDMS binary population stems from wide systems in which both components evolve as if they were single stars .
We leverage the recently developed stochastic structured mean-field variational inference to relax the conjugacy constraint and restore the dependencies among the latent variables in the approximating variational distribution .	Preliminary results on both synthetic and real examples demonstrate that the proposed inference algorithm can reasonably recover the hidden structure of the data .
The chemical processes during the Asymptotic Giant Branch ( AGB ) evolution of intermediate mass single stars predict most of the observations of the different populations in globular clusters although some important issues still need to be further clarified .	In particular , to reproduce the observed anticorrelations of Na-O and Al-Mg , chemically enriched gas lost during the AGB phase of intermediate mass single stars must be mixed with matter with a pristine chemical composition .
In this article , we study the Fu\v { c } ik spectrum of fractional Laplace operator which is defined as the set of all $ ( \al , \ba ) \in \mb R^2 $ such that \begin { equation* } \quad \left .	\begin { array } { lr } \quad ( -\De ) ^s u = \al u^ { + } - \ba u^ { - } \ ; \text { in } \ ; \Om \quad \quad \quad \quad u = 0 \ ; \mbox { in } \ ; \mb R^n \setminus\Om.\\ \end { array } \quad \right\ } \end { equation* } has a non-trivial solution $ u $ , where $ \Om $ is a bounded domain in $ \mb R^n $ with Lipschitz boundary , $ n & gt ; 2s $ , $ s\in ( 0,1 ) $ .
In 2010 , Adiga et al .	certified that $ \varepsilon_s ( G^\sigma ) \leq n\sqrt { \Delta } $ , where $ \Delta $ is the maximum degree of $ G $ of order $ n $ .
We use dynamical systems approach and Lagrangian tools to study surface transport and mixing of water masses in a selected coastal region of the Japan Sea with moving mesoscale eddies associated with the Primorskoye Current .	Lagrangian trajectories are computed for a large number of particles in an interpolated velocity field generated by a numerical regional multi-layer eddy-resolving circulation model .
Additional note : see also D. Fargion ( Nuovo Cimento 65,1981,316 ) , L.V .	Solov'eva & amp ; I.S .
We measure the projected cluster ellipticities using two alternative methods .	The first method is based on moments of the discrete galaxy distribution while the second is based on moments of the smoothed galaxy distribution .
Response of the electronic current through an Aharonov-Bohm ring after a two-level-system is switched on is calculated perturbatively by use of non-equilibrium Green function .	In the ballistic case the amplitude of the Aharonov-Bohm oscillation is shown to decay to a new equilibrium value due to scattering into other electronic states .
It coincides with the Gauss-Bonnet integrand in dimension 4 .	A crucial property of $ h_4 $ is that it is nonnegative for Einstein manifolds , hence it provides a geometric obstruction to the existence of Einstein metrics in dimensions $ \geq 4 $ , independently from the sign of the Einstein constant .
The Lee model with a standard Yukawa interaction is shown to provide such a realization .	The usual results for delta function scattering are then obtained in the case that a stable particle exists in the scattering channel provided that a certain limit is taken in the relevant parameter space .
I also show how a phase of inflationary expansion generates fluctuations in the spacetime curvature and primordial gravitational waves .	In addition I present findings of CMB experiments , from the earliest to the most recent ones .
We have conducted an N-band survey of 14 young stars in the ~30 Myr-old Tucana-Horologium Association to search for evidence of warm , circumstellar dust disks .	Using the MIRAC-BLINC camera on the Magellan I ( Baade ) 6.5-m telescope , we find that none of the stars have a statistically significant N-band excess compared to the predicted stellar photospheric flux .
This leads to a modified lognormal with a power-law tail ( MLP ) distribution , which can in fact be applied to a wide range of fields where distributions are observed to have a lognormal-like body and a power-law tail .	We derive important properties of the MLP distribution , like the cumulative distribution , the mean , variance , arbitrary raw moments , and a random number generator .
Metadynamics is an established sampling method aimed at reconstructing the free-energy surface relative to a set of appropriately chosen collective variables .	In standard metadynamics the free-energy surface is filled by the addition of Gaussian potentials of pre-assigned and typically diagonal covariance .
We have computed the complete one-loop electroweak effects in the MSSM for single top ( and single antitop ) production in the $ t $ -channel at hadron colliders , generalizing a previous analysis performed for the dominant $ dt $ final state and fully including QED effects .	The results are quite similar for all processes .
The algorithm used for the radiative transfer allows for the efficient computation of the appearance of a model system as seen from any viewing direction .	We present a simple method for computing an upper limit on the output quantity uncertainties for Monte Carlo radiative transfer models which use the weighted photon approach .
Focusing first on arbitrary network topologies , we provide ( i ) fundamental limits on the required number of broadcasts of data gathering , and ( ii ) a general in-network computing strategy to achieve an upper bound within factor $ \log N $ of the fundamental limits , where $ N $ is the number of agents in the network .	Next , focusing on two example networks , namely , \textcolor { black } { arbitrary geometric networks and random Erd $ \ddot { o } $ s-R $ \acute { e } $ nyi networks } , we provide improved in-network computing schemes that are optimal in that they attain the fundamental limits , i.e. , the lower and upper bounds are tight \textcolor { black } { in order sense } .
The slave laser is therefore locked in phase with the master laser , with a frequency difference tunable up to about 35 GHz .	The sideband suppression rate of the slave laser is more than 30dB at 30 uW seed power .
Based on the best fits of theoretical isochrones to the cleaned $ ( C-T_1 , T_1 ) $ CMDs , as well as on the $ \delta T_1 $ parameter and the standard giant branch method , we derive ages and metallicities for the cluster sample .	Four objects are found to be intermediate-age clusters ( 1.8-2.5 Gyr ) , with [ Fe/H ] ranging from -0.66 to -0.84 .
We identify a population of 640 obscured and 839 unobscured AGNs at redshifts 0.7 & lt ; z & lt ; ~3 using multiwavelength observations of the 9 deg^2 NOAO Deep Wide-Field Survey ( NDWFS ) region in Bootes .	We select AGNs on the basis of Spitzer IRAC colors obtained by the IRAC Shallow Survey .
Multi-dimensional representations of the extended point group are associated with degenerate wave vectors .	Electronic properties such as ( nodal ) band degeneracies and topological character can be straightforwardly addressed , and often follow directly .
Inspired by the nastic movement of plants , Pagitz et al .	2012 Bioinspir.Biomim .
As a representation of the braid group , this representation is equivalent to the Lawrence-Krammer representation , where the two parameters of the algebra are related to the parameters of the Lawrence-Krammer representation .	We give all the complex values of the parameters for which the representation is reducible and describe the invariant subspaces in some cases .
The symmetry is specified by their invariance under the action of symmetry operations of the Opechowski nonrelativistic space-time rotation group O ( 3 ) .	{ 1 , 1 ' } = O ' ( 3 ) , where 1 ' is time-reversal operation .
In this approach , the mixing of spinon and dopon describes superconductivity .	We found that a nonuniform mixing in $ k $ -space is most effective in lowering the $ t ' $ and $ t '' $ hopping energy .
For groups , B ( G ) is isometric to the Banach space dual of C^* ( G ) .	For groupoids , the best analog of that fact is to be found in a representation of B ( G ) as a Banach space of completely bounded maps from a C^*-algebra associated with G to a C^*-algebra associated with the equivalence relation induced by G. This paper adds weight to the clues in the earlier study of Fourier-Stieltjes algebras that there is a much more general kind of duality for Banach algebras waiting to be explored .
Our study is based upon two results .	The first concerns commutants of Mellin convolution and Bessel potential operators : Bessel potentials alter essentially after commutation with Mellin convolutions depending on the poles of the kernel ( in contrast to commutants with Fourier convolution operatiors . )
In a recent paper , we have shown that the way of gauge-invariant decomposition of the nucleon spin is not necessarily unique , but there still exists a preferable decomposition from the observational viewpoint .	What was not complete in this argument is a fully satisfactory answer to the following questions .
Gases dissolved into different compartments of the lung are all treated separately with physiologically important parameters .	The model can be applied in magnetic resonance of hyperpolarized xenon for quantification of lung parameters such as surface-to-volume ratio and the air-blood barrier thickness .
We construct a new example of the spinning-particle model without Grassmann variables .	The spin degrees of freedom are described on the base of an inner anti-de Sitter space .
Heterodyne detection on a CCD camera is used to measure the complex field ( i.e. , the hologram ) of the light that is backscattered at a given frequency .	The analysis of the holograms yield the frequency and the propagation direction of the backscattered photons .
This paper discusses aspects of the second order hyperbolic partial differential equation associated with the ideal lossless string under tension and it 's relationship to two discrete models .	These models are finite differencing in the time domain and digital waveguide models .
Dynamic control with pulsed electromagnetic fields can overcome energetic barriers enabling access to transient or metastable states that are not thermally accessible .	Here we demonstrate strain-engineered tuning of La2/3Ca1/3MnO3 into an emergent charge-ordered insulating phase with extreme photo-susceptibility where even a single optical pulse can initiate a transition to a long-lived metastable hidden metallic phase .
For gas outflow , although its efficiency for a given SFR is a decreasing function of time , similarly to gas inflow , the outflow rate is not necessarily proportional to the SFR and the relation between the outflow rate and SFR strongly depends on the evolution of the adopted RMG .	We also find that the results on the outflow rate can be reproduced in the framework of momentum-driven ( energy-driven ) wind mechanism if the RMG is steepening ( flattening ) with time .
The highest level of the hierarchy , $ \mathcal { MPH } $ - $ m $ ( where $ m $ is the total number of items ) captures all monotone functions .	The lowest level , $ \mathcal { MPH } $ - $ 1 $ , captures all monotone submodular functions , and more generally , the class of functions known as $ \mathcal { XOS } $ .
The mechanism responsible for the detected enhancement of acoustic sources around solar active regions has not yet been explained .	Furthermore the relationship between the magnetic field and enhanced acoustic emission has not yet been comprehensively examined .
We present light curves , VI photometry and basic data for all these objects , as well as color-magnitude diagram of the observed field .	The Period -- Luminosity ( PL ) diagrams for IC1613 fundamental mode Cepheids for VI and interstellar extinction insensitive index W_I are constructed .
We report a Raman spectroscopy study of graphene field-effect transistors ( GFET ) with a controlled amount of defects introduced in graphene by exposure to electron-beam irradiation .	Raman spectra are taken at T = 8 K over a range of back gate voltages ( Vg ) for various irradiation dosages ( Re ) .
Furthermore , we observed that T* shows clear frequency variations for x & gt ; = 0.3 .	The magnitude of the frequency shifts of T* is comparable to that of cluster-glass systems , and the frequency dependence is well described in terms of the Vogel-Fulcher law .
The applications center around the problem of extracting interior physical properties of an asymptotically flat space-time directly from the asymptotic gravitational ( and Maxwell ) field itself in analogy with the determination of total charge by an integral over the Maxwell field at infinity or the identification of the interior mass ( and its loss ) by ( Bondi 's ) integrals of the Weyl tensor , also at infinity .	More specifically we will see that the asymptotically shear-free congruences lead us to an asymptotic definition of the center-of-mass and its equations of motion .
Using Schwinger 's quantum action principle , dispersion relations are obtained for neutral scalar mesons interacting with bi-local sources .	These relations are used as the basis of a method for representing the effect of interactions in the Gaussian approximation to field theory , and it is argued that a marked inhomogeneity , in space-time dependence of the sources , forces a discrete spectrum on the field .
The early ( pre-BBN ) matter phase in these models leads to enhanced growth of density perturbations on sub-Hubble scales .	Here we consider whether primordial black hole formation associated with the enhanced growth is in conflict with existing observations .
The thermodynamical forces that drive energy flows are expressed in terms of the curvature of the connection , analogous to a geometric phase .	The model , which holds both close and far from equilibrium , predicts the existence of persistent energy and particle currents circulating in close loops through the network .
Furthermore , identification of specific rocky surface types is possible with the planet 's reflectance spectrum in near-infrared broad bands .	A key parameter to observe is the difference between K band and J band geometric albedos ( A_g ( K ) -A_g ( J ) ) : A_g ( K ) -A_g ( J ) & gt ; 0.2 indicates that more than half of the planet 's surface has abundant mafic minerals , such as olivine and pyroxene , in other words primary crust from a magma ocean or high-temperature lavas ; A_g ( K ) -A_g ( J ) & lt ; -0.09 indicates that more than half of the planet 's surface is covered or partially covered by water ice or hydrated silicates , implying extant or past water on its surface .
Distinct regimes for short , medium and long sampling times are characterized by different properties of their spectrum of Lyapunov exponents .	Clarifying the existence of these regimes and their implications for gauge-field dynamics is one of the results of this contribution .
The isomorphism problem is proven to be undecidable for word-hyperbolic semigroups ( in contrast to the situation for word-hyperbolic groups ) .	It is proved that it is undecidable whether a word-hyperbolic semigroup is automatic , asynchronously automatic , biautomatic , or asynchronously biautomatic .
These exhibit nontrivial behaviour as a function of the scanning parameter q .	In the thermodynamic formalism , there are phase transition-like phenomena close to the q=1 region .
Interacting bosonic atoms under strong gauge fields undergo a series of phase transitions that take the cloud from a simple Bose-Einstein condensate all the way to a family of fractional-quantum-Hall-type states [ M. Popp , B. Paredes , and J. I. Cirac , Phys.Rev .	A 70 , 053612 ( 2004 ) ] .
We intend to study the multiplicity of this type of chemically peculiar stars , looking for visual companions in the range of angular separation between 0.05 '' and 8 '' .	We carried out a survey of 28 roAp stars using diffraction-limited near-infrared imaging with NAOS-CONICA at the VLT .
If G is a finite group , there are only finitely many regular dessins with automorphism group G. It is shown how to enumerate them , how to represent them all as quotients of a single regular dessin U ( G ) , and how certain hypermap operations act on them .	For example , if G is a cyclic group of order n then U ( G ) is a map on the Fermat curve of degree n and genus ( n-1 ) ( n-2 ) /2 .
The key idea in this work is to use the continuous interior penalty finite element methods ( CIP-FEM ) studied in \cite { Wu12 , Wu12-hp } to construct the stable coarse grid correction problems .	The multilevel methods , based on GMRES smoothing on coarse grids , are then served as a preconditioner in the outer GMRES iteration .
In this study , we propose an image annotation method which performs tag completion and refinement sequentially .	We assume that images are sampled from a union of subspaces .
We then discuss evidence for early epoch ( z & gt ; 2 ) formation for most GCs in galaxies today .	Recent accretions of GCs ( and their host galaxy ) make a small contribution but recent mergers form few if any new GCs in today 's elliptical galaxies .
In good agreement with experimental observations , we obtain a V-shaped electron density of states around the Fermi energy .	By varying the lattice parameter we simulate electron and hole doping of the structure and by adding and removing scattering centers we simulate respectively vacancy and impurity defects .
We consider both minimal and non-minimal couplings to gravity .	For the latter case we also study unitarity of inflaton-inflaton scattering .
Oxygen annealed samples exhibit a much lower $ c- $ axis resistivity and a resistivity minimum at $ 80-130 $ K .	He-annealed samples exhibit a much higher $ c- $ axis resistivity and $ d\rho_c/dT & lt ; 0 $ behavior below 300K .
Hence , observed structures can arise in this cosmology from suitable `` initial '' density contrast .	Different problems of the standard model of Big Bang cosmology are also resolved in the present inhomogeneous model .
We will also study the relationship between units of sense and units of form .	The composition of words takes different forms in Albanian .
Lifshitz points are multicritical points at which a disordered phase , a homogeneous ordered phase , and a modulated ordered phase meet .	Their bulk universality classes are described by natural generalizations of the standard $ \phi^4 $ model .
Following Witten , we define a complex variant of the Hitchin connection on the bundle of prequantum spaces .	The curvature is essentially unchanged , so projective flatness holds in the same cases .
A generalized Laplacian model associated with the Mittag-Leffler distribution is examined .	We also discuss some properties of this new model and its relevance to time series .
We followed up the evolution of the X-ray transient with ROSAT , XMM-Newton and Chandra for a total period of ~13 years .	We also obtained 7-band optical/NIR photometry with GROND at the ESO/MPI 2.2m telescope .
Universal optimality of these codes is equivalent to minimality of their binomial moments , which has been proved in many cases by Ashikhmin and Barg .	We highlight connections with mathematical physics and the analogy between these results and previous work by Cohn and Kumar in the continuous setting , and we develop a framework for optimizing the linear programming bounds .
It calculates them using the odds ratio and Pearl 's causal theory .	The effects are calculated distinguishing between a simple mediation model ( model without the multiplicative interaction effect ) and a mediation model with the multiplicative interaction effect .
Northern auroral regions of Earth were imaged with energetic photons in the 0.1-10 keV range using the High-Resolution Camera ( HRC-I ) aboard the Chandra X-ray Observatory at 10 epochs ( each ~20 min duration ) between mid-December 2003 and mid-April 2004 .	These observations aimed at searching for Earth 's soft ( & lt ; 2 keV ) X-ray aurora in a comparative study with Jupiter 's X-ray aurora , where a pulsating X-ray `` hot-spot '' has been previously observed by Chandra .
The crux of the approach is a supermodularity condition which guarantees that the family of problems is indexable by a set valued map which we call the indifference map .	This map is a natural generalisation of the allocation ( Gittins ) index , a classical quantity in the theory of dynamic allocation .
The approximate tree decays B- - & gt ; pi- pi0/rho- rho0 may serve as benchmark channels for testing the various theoretical descriptions of the strong interaction dynamics in hadronic B meson decays .	The ratios of hadronic and differential semileptonic B - & gt ; pi l nu/rho l nu decay rates at maximum recoil provide particularly clean probes of the QCD dynamics .
Opaque objects such as eggshell or white paint focus coherent light as sharply as a lens when illuminated with a wavefront that inverts the wave diffusion .	We demonstrate the construction of such wavefronts using feedback , achieving a focus that is 1000 times brighter than the diffusely transmitted light .
We look at supersymmetric quantum mechanics on loop space and demonstrate how deformations here give rise to superstring background fields and boundary states , and , when generalized , to local nonabelian connections on loop space .	In order to get a global description of these connections we introduce and study categorified global holonomy in the form of 2-bundles with 2-holonomy .
This information is a collective effect of independent users writing and linking pages , hidden from the casual user .	Accessing it and understanding the inter-relation of connectivity and content in the WWW is a challenging problem .
Those physical properties are SPT invariants of the SPT states which allow us to experimentally or numerically detect those SPT states , i.e.to measure the elements in $ { \cal H } ^d ( G , R/Z ) $ that label different SPT states .	For example , 2+1D bosonic SPT states with $ Z_n $ symmetry are classified by a $ Z_n $ integer $ m \in { \cal H } ^3 ( Z_n , R/Z ) =Z_n $ .
We show how to compute efficiently the test statistic and we study its performance on simulated data .	We apply the test to compare graphs of brain functional network interactions built from electroencephalographic ( EEG ) data collected during the visualization of point light displays depicting human locomotion .
Similar results are also given for stationary reflection , with a corresponding strengthening of the large cardinal assumption involved .	Finally , we refine the analysis by considering Schimmerling 's hierarchy of weak squares , showing which cases are precluded by alpha^+-subcompactness , and again we demonstrate the optimality of our results by forcing the strongest possible squares under these restrictions to hold .
We also simulate a Cold+Hot Dark Matter model , with 30 % provided by the hot component .	Comparison with real data is performed by applying tests based on the cumulative velocity frequency distribution ( CVFD ) and bulk flow statistics .
By the end of the year , 96 % of the detector was tuned , calibrated , and taking data at 99.8 % tracking hit efficiency and with noise occupancy at the 10^-10 level .	We present here the results of the commissioning , calibration , and data-taking as well as the outlook for future performance with LHC collision-based data .
We focus on the effects of different initial separations ( d ) between the two planets and the various surface density profiles of the disk , where \sigma \propto r^ { -\alpha } .	We also compare the results of different orbital configurations of the planet pair .
The analysis is based on a data sample corresponding to $ 3.0\ , { \rm fb } ^ { -1 } $ of $ pp $ collisions collected with the LHCb detector .	No significant CP violation effect is seen , and constraints are placed on the angle $ \gamma $ of the unitarity triangle formed from elements of the Cabibbo-Kobayashi-Maskawa quark mixing matrix .
Two multiplicative anomalies are evaluated for the determinant of the conformal higher spin propagating operator on spheres given by Tseytlin .	One holds for the decomposition of the higher derivative product into its individual second order factors and the other applies to its complete linear factorisation .
Scoring rules assess the quality of probabilistic forecasts , by assigning a numerical score based on the predictive distribution and on the event or value that materializes .	A scoring rule is proper if it encourages truthful reporting .
This work brings together methods from DCNNs and probabilistic graphical models for addressing the task of pixel-level classification ( also called `` semantic image segmentation '' ) .	We show that responses at the final layer of DCNNs are not sufficiently localized for accurate object segmentation .
Monolayer Ti2N is still a nearly half-metal under a proper biaxial strain .	Large magnetic moments can be induced by the biaxial tensile and compressive strains for monolayer V2C and V2N , respectively .
The method employs laser pulses inducing transitions via excited states correlated to the $ 5S+5P_ { 1/2 } $ asymptote .	Weakly bound molecules in the singlet ground or lowest triplet state can be created by a single pulse while the formation of more deeply bound molecules requires a two-color pump-dump scenario .
In 1992 , Kalai and Kleitman proved the first subexponential upper bound for the diameters of convex polyhedra .	Eisenbrand et al .
Also , we consider the effect of a finite lifetime of the quasi-particles states in the normal-superfluid instability .	In the limit of long lifetimes , the lifetime effect is irrelevant and the transition is directly from the fully polarized to the FFLO state .
Both the capacity of wrapping quantization and the capacity achieving input distribution are determined .	When the additive noise is gaussian and relatively small , the capacity of saturation quantization is shown to be bounded below by that of wrapping quantization .
While in general the results depend heavily on the choices made for certain auxiliary structures , an additional physical argument leads to a unique result for typical cases .	We also discuss the `superselection laws ' that result from this scheme and how their existence also depends on the choice of auxiliary structures .
We determine the optimal size of the carbon nanotube for encapsulating a single atomic wire , as well as the most stable atomic arrangement adopted by the wire .	We also study the transport properties in the ballistic regime by computing the transmission coefficients and tracing them back to electronic conduction channels of the wire and the host .
The ASICs preamplifier provides relatively low noise at high speed which results in a high dynamic range of 10^5 photons over an energy range of 5-20 keV .	Small scale prototypes of 32x256 pixels ( LPD 2-Tile detector ) and 256x256 pixels ( LPD supermodule detector ) are now available for X-ray tests .
We note , however , that our predicted ICL fractions depend on the resolution : for a set of simulations with particle mass one order of magnitude larger than that adopted in the high resolution runs used in our study , we find that the predicted ICL fractions are ~30-40 per cent larger than those found in the high resolution runs .	On cluster scale , large part of the scatter is due to a range of dynamical histories , while on smaller scale it is driven by individual accretion events and stripping of very massive satellites , $ M_ { * } \gtrsim 10^ { 10.5 } M_ { \odot } $ , that we find to be the major contributors to the ICL .
When we consider the three families together with massless neutrinos the electric charge is not quantized any more .	Here we show that a chiral bilepton gauge model based on the gauge group SU ( 3 ) _C X SU ( 3 ) _L X U ( 1 ) _N explains the quantization of the electric charge when we take into account the three families of fermions .
To assist non-specialists in formulating database queries , multiple frameworks that automatically infer queries from a set of examples have been proposed .	While highly useful , a shortcoming of the approach is that if users can only provide a small set of examples , many inherently different queries may qualify , and only some of these actually match the user intentions .
The phase behavior of a model suspension of colloidal polydisperse platelets is studied using density-functional theory .	Platelets are modelled as parallel rectangular prisms of square section $ l $ and height $ h $ , with length and height distributions given by different polydispersities $ \delta_l $ and $ \delta_h $ .
We show that starting from a Lagrangian approach we obtain a transformation that makes the extended PU oscillator , with unequal frequencies , to be equivalent to two standard second order oscillators which have the original number of degrees of freedom .	Such extension is provided by adding a total time derivative to the PU Lagrangian together with a complexification of the original variables further subjected to reality conditions in order to maintain the required number of degrees of freedom .
We perform X-ray/UV spectral and X-ray variability study on the radio-loud Narrow Line Seyfert 1 ( NLS1 ) galaxy RXJ1633.3+4719 using XMM-Newton and Suzaku observations performed in 2011 and 2012 .	The 0.3 $ - $ 10 keV spectra consist of an ultra-soft component below $ 0.5 $ keV , described by an accretion disc blackbody ( $ kT_ { in } = 39.6^ { +11.2 } _ { -5.5 } $ eV ) and a power-law due to thermal Comptonization ( $ \Gamma=1.96^ { +0.24 } _ { -0.31 } $ ) of the disc emission .
Kepler-10b was the first rocky planet detected by the Kepler satellite and con- firmed with radial velocity follow-up observations from Keck-HIRES .	The mass of the planet was measured with a precision of around 30 % , which was insufficient to constrain models of its internal structure and composition in detail .
Six of the quasars are hyperluminous infrared galaxies all of which are broad line AGN .	We have performed emission line diagnostics for 30 sources in order to classify them into star-forming , Seyferts , composite and LINER and compare the results to the predictions from our SED template fitting methods and mid-IR selection methods .
This paper proposes to enrich an existing component-based framework -- a model with dynamic reconfigurations making the system evolve -- with a new reconfiguration operation which `` substitutes '' components by other components , and to study its impact on sequences of dynamic reconfigurations .	Firstly , we define substitutability constraints which ensure the component encapsulation while performing reconfigurations by component substitutions .
The Schr\ '' odinger equation for two and tree-body problems is solved for scattering states in a hybrid representation where solutions are expanded in the eigenstates of the harmonic oscillator in the interaction region and on a finite difference grid in the near -- and far -- field .	The two representations are coupled through a high -- order asymptotic formula that takes into account the function values and the third derivative in the classical turning points .
B78 , 235311 ( 2008 ) ] to the nanostructures in which the energy levels of the central region , the couplings to the leads and the external biases applied to leads are all time-dependent .	We then derive nonperturbatively the exact transient current in terms of the reduced density matrix within the same framework .
This trisection is such that each of the three sectors is a regular neighborhood of a regular fiber of the pencil .	This is a 4-dimensional analog of the following trivial 3-dimensional result : For every open book decomposition of a 3-manifold M , there is a decomposition of M into three handlebodies , each of which is a regular neighborhood of a page .
We provide a general theoretical framework to describe the electromagnetic properties of viscous charged fluids , consisting for example of electrons in certain solids or plasmas .	We confirm that finite viscosity leads to multiple modes of evanescent electromagnetic waves at a given frequency , one of which is characterized by a negative index of refraction , as previously discussed in a simplified model by one of the authors .
The magnetic phase diagram of La2-xSrxCuO4 thin-films grown on single-crystal LaSrAlO4 substrates has been determined by low-energy muon-spin rotation .	The diagram shows the same features as the one of bulk La2-xSrxCuO4 , but the transition temperatures between distinct magnetic states are significantly different .
We present perfect fluid Friedmann-Robertson-Walker quantum cosmological models in the presence of negative cosmological constant .	In this work the Schutz 's variational formalism is applied for radiation , dust , cosmic string , and domain wall dominated Universes with positive , negative , and zero constant spatial curvature .
We extend a recent scenario of Kachru , Kallosh , Linde and Trivedi to fix the string moduli fields by using a combination of fluxes and non-perturbative superpotentials , leading to de Sitter vacua .	In our scenario the non-perturbative superpotential is taken to be the N=1^* superpotential for an SU ( N ) theory , originally computed by Dorey and recently rederived using the techniques of Dijkgraaf-Vafa .
In particular its topology and the regularity of its boundary are completely described .	We also study the order of magnitude of the first non-trivial term of its asymptotic expansion and show how to compute it using path integrals supported in the leaves of the linearized foliation .
In this paper , we discuss the origin of the observed correlation between cluster concentration c and present-day mass function ( PDMF ) slope { \alpha } reported by De Marchi , Paresce & amp ; Pulone .	This relation can either be reproduced from universal initial conditions combined with some dynamical mechanism ( s ) that alter ( s ) the cluster structure and mass function over time , or it must arise early on in the cluster lifetime , such as during the gas-embedded phase of cluster formation .
The robustness of the spectrum and that of the two-point function are explained by showing that the leading deviations from the relativistic expressions decrease with the inverse of the spatial extension of the near horizon region .	This region corresponds to a portion of de Sitter space with a preferred frame .
For conversions into sterile neutrinos there is only a nonadiabatic solution .	Allowing both MSW conversions and nonstandard astrophysics , the data simultaneously determine the temperature of the core of the sun to within five percent , consistent with the standard solar model prediction .
As a result , the two-terminal conductance is found to exhibit at zero temperature discontinuous transitions between { \it exactly } integer plateau values and zero , reminiscent of first order phase transitions .	We discuss the corresponding phase diagram .
Here we describe the current stage of this exploration .	The most promising contenders as sources are radio galaxies and gamma ray bursts .
We obtained BVR imaging of four lenticular galaxies ( NGC 5866 , NGC 4762 , NGC 4754 , NGC 3384 ) and one elliptical galaxy ( NGC 5813 ) using the KPNO 4m telescope and MOSAIC imager and traced the GC population to projected galactocentric radii ranging from ~20 kpc to 120 kpc .	We combine our imaging with Hubble Space Telescope data to measure the GC surface density close to the galaxy center .
The analogy between magnetism and electricity has long been established by Maxwell in the 19th century , in spite of their subtle difference .	While magnetic materials display paramagnetism , ferromagnetism , antiferromagnetism , and diamagnetism , only paraelectricity , ferroelectricity , and antiferrolelectricity have been found in dielectric materials .
With Neil Robertson , two of us showed that this is true in general if it is true for apex graphs and doublecross graphs .	In another paper , two of us solved the apex case , but the doublecross case remained open .
OPVs would have poor quantum efficiencies if every encounter lead to recombination , but state-of-the-art OPVs demonstrate near-unity quantum efficiency3 .	Here we show that this suppression of recombination can be engineered through the interplay between spin , energetics and delocalisation of electronic excitations in organic semiconductors .
Absence of explicit positivity and finiteness of wave solutions for electron distribution function near singularity point leads to need of imposing additional cutting off constraints with resulting positivity and finiteness of the electron distribution function at the singularity points and finiteness of the complex dispersion integral .	Landau damping as a real physical phenomenon of collisionless damping does not exist .
The spatio-temporal correlation kernel is expressed by using the modified Bessel functions .	We extend the system to the noncolliding process with an infinite number of particles , when the initial configuration has equidistant spacing of particles , and show a relaxation phenomenon to the equilibrium determinantal point process with the sine kernel .
The star formation rate in spiral galaxies is considered to be decreasing continuously with time in a time scale of $ 10^ { 9 } $ yr .	The present star formation activity , on the other hand , shows various degrees among galaxies .
Finally we calculate a distance using the SEAM method .	Given the broad range of distances to M51 in the literature , the determination of a distance using Cepheid variables would be quite valuable .
For a homogeneous water-poor phase , as the distance between the surfaces is decreased , a water-rich phase condenses at a distance $ D_t $ in the range 1-100nm .	At this distance the osmotic pressure can become negative leading to a long-range attraction between the surfaces .
( iii ) Every unperforated , & amp ; # 64257 ; nitely presented partially ordered abelian group is Archimedean .	Further , we establish connections with interpolation .
This article considers only games whose outcome functions are measurable in the Hausdorff difference hierarchy of the open sets ( \textit { i.e . }	$ \Delta^0_2 $ when in the Baire space ) , and it characterizes the families of linear preferences such that every game using these preferences has a subgame perfect equilibrium : the preferences without infinite ascending chains ( of course ) , and such that for all players $ a $ and $ b $ and outcomes $ x , y , z $ we have $ \neg ( z & lt ; _a y & lt ; _a x \ , \wedge\ , x & lt ; _b z & lt ; _b y ) $ .
We then give an exact solution for both their long time solution and for their approach to equilibrium .	Numerical results show these are excellent approximations and confirm the characteristic simple inverse power law distributions with a large scale cutoff under certain conditions .
The calculated optical absorption coefficient and the density of states do not have the inverse-square-root singularity , but have a peak above the gap edge and there exist a significant tail below the peak .	The peak of optical absorption spectrum is not directly corresponding to the dimerized gap .
In addition , Zn is observed to induce a local density of states near the Fermi Energy in its neighbourhood , which also decays over about 3 cell units .	Its magnitude decreases sharply with increasing temperature .
Let $ ( X , O ) $ be a germ of a normal surface singularity , $ \pi : \tilde X\longrightarrow X $ be the minimal resolution of singularities and let $ A= ( a_ { i , j } ) $ be the $ n\times n $ symmetrical intersection matrix of the exceptional set of $ \tilde X $ .	In an old preprint Nash proves that the set of arcs on a surface singularity is a scheme $ { \cal H } $ , and defines a map $ { \cal N } $ from the set of irreducible components of $ { \cal H } $ to the set of exceptional components of the minimal resolution of singularities of $ ( X , O ) $ .
This is done by calculating the scaling of the difference of the diagonal and canonical thermal ensemble values as function of system size , and by directly calculating the time evolution of the expectation values of the operators with the Chebyshev polynomial expansion .	Spatial and spin symmetry is exploited and the Hamiltonian is divided in subsectors according to their symmetry .
The results already obtained are quite satisfactory , showing minor differences between the different numerical tools provided the same assumptions on the physical parameters are made .	This work gives us confidence on the numerical tools that will be available to interpret the future CoRoT seismic data .
The random walk of a bonded monomer in a polymer melt is anisotropic due to local order and bond connectivity .	We investigate both effects by molecular-dynamics simulations on melts of fully-flexible linear chains ranging from dimers ( $ M=2 $ ) up to entangled polymers ( $ M=200 $ ) .
We present a theoretical study of bose condensation and specific heat of non-interacting bosons in finite lattices in harmonic potentials in one , two , and three dimensions .	We numerically diagonalize the Hamiltonian to obtain the energy levels of the systems .
In this article I review the state-of-the art of DNA nanotechnology , highlighting the need for a more detailed understanding of the key processes , both in terms of theoretical modelling and experimental characterisation .	I then consider coarse-grained models of DNA , mesoscale descriptions that have the potential to provide great insight into the operation of DNA nanotechnology if they are well designed .
It can be viewed as the elliptic deformation of Wakimoto realization .	Two screening currents are constructed ; they commute or anti-commute with $ U_ { q , p } ( \widehat { sl_2 } ) $ modulo total q-differences .
The recently developed Flexible Local Approximation MEthod ( FLAME ) produces accurate difference schemes by replacing the usual Taylor expansion with Trefftz functions -- local solutions of the underlying differential equation .	This paper advances and casts in a general form a significant modification of FLAME proposed recently by Pinheiro & amp ; Webb : a least-squares fit instead of the exact match of the approximate solution at the stencil nodes .
Supernovae were thought to have non-relativistic outflows except for few relativistic ones accompanied by GRBs .	This clear division was blurred by SN 2009bb , the first supernova with a relativistic outflow without an observed GRB .
A 3 GHz travelling wave structure designed by using CST code .	Particles were tracked by using the field maps acquired from these electromagnetic simulations .
First , we present transmission measurements of plane waves traversing a photonic crystal .	The experiments are performed in the vicinity of a Dirac point , i.e. , an isolated conical singularity of the photonic band structure .
Annealed polyampholytes are also considered .	Path integral formulation was used to derive mean field free energies for the different models .
Its magnetic phase diagram was mapped out using magnetization measurements at applied fields up to 35 T. Our results show that it undergoes two successive meta-magnetic transitions around 9 T fields applied perpendicular to the ab-plane ( along the c*-axis ) .	These phase transitions are completely absent in the magnetization measured with field applied along the ab-plane .
The problem is to decide which files to keep in a fixed-size cache so as to minimize the sum of the retrieval costs for files that are not in the cache when requested .	The problem arises in web caching by browsers and by proxies .
This paper continues on the work of the B-Matrix approach in hebbian learning proposed by Dr. Kak .	It reports the results on methods of improving the memory retrieval capacity of the hebbian neural network which implements the B-Matrix approach .
As a consequence , the SU ( 3 ) singlet ( or $ \bar { K } N $ ) component of the $ \Lambda ( 1405 ) $ states remains bound in the large $ N_c $ limit , while the other components dissolve into the continuum .	Introducing explicit SU ( 3 ) breaking , we obtain the $ N_c $ dependence of the excitation energy , masses and widths of the physical $ \Lambda ( 1405 ) $ and $ \Lambda ( 1670 ) $ resonance .
Narrow-band imaging confirms that A and B knots represent the primary sites of Wolf-Rayet ( WR ) stars , whilst HST imaging reveals that both regions host multiple clusters .	Clusters A1 + A2 within region A host WR stars .
The approximation results can be used to model piece-wise continuous-time dynamical systems of integer or fractional-order .	In this way , by overcoming the lack of numerical methods for diffrential equations of fractional-order with discontinuous right-hand side , unattainable procedures for systems modeled by this kind of equations , such as chaos control , synchronization , anticontrol and many others , can be easily implemented .
The quantum effects can be expressed as the WKB series written analytically in terms of hypergeometric functions .	We obtain the magnetic and dyonic expansions of the Nekrasov theory by studying the property of hypergeometric functions in the magnetic and dyonic regions on the moduli space .
In the perovskite devices , two very different time domains of the voltage decay are found , with a first drop on a short time scale that is similar to the organic solar cells .	However , two major differences are also observed .
Novel VLBI correlation techniques were used to observe 200 sources simultaneously , of which 16 were detected .	We classify all 16 as background AGN based on their X-ray properties and arcsecond- and mas-scale morphology .
We demonstrate that the discontinuity at the cut-off distance in the first derivative of the potential ( corresponding to the interparticle force ) leads to the appearance of cut-off nonlinearities .	These cut-off nonlinearities persist into the very-low-temperature regime thereby affecting low-temperature thermal vibrations , which leads to a breakdown of the harmonic approximation for many eigen modes , particularly for low-frequency vibrational modes .
One way to select a preferred frame from gravitational radiation is via the principal axes of & lt ; L L & gt ; , an average of the action of rotation group generators on the Weyl tensor at asymptotic infinity .	In this paper we evaluate this time-domain average for a quasicircular binary using approximate ( post-Newtonian ) waveforms .
We derive an exact formula for the complex frequency in spatio-temporal stability analysis that is valid for arbitrary complex wave numbers .	The usefulness of the formula lies in the fact that it depends only on purely temporal quantities , which are easily calculated .
Addressing these issues , we present graphene-superconductor junctions as a viable option to achieve efficient and sensitive bolometers , with the superconductor contacts serving as hot electron barriers .	For a graphene-superconductor device with highly transparent interfaces , the resistance readout in the presence of radio frequency radiation is dominated by non-linear response .
We focus on the supervarieties associated with \hat { c } = 3 Gepner models .	In the process , we test a conjecture regarding the superdimension of the singular locus of these supervarieties .
Spectral analysis of the data allows us to study the temperature and emission measure distribution , and the coronal metal abundance , for the quiescent phase and , in the case of ROSAT , also during the evolution of the flare .	The global coronal metallicity $ Z/Z_ { \odot } \sim 0.1 $ derived from both ROSAT and ASCA data is much lower than solar and presumably also much lower than the photospheric abundance expected for this very young star .
It consists of a nonrelativistic particle moving in five dimensions , two of which are compactified to form a torus .	There , assuming a suitable potential , the internal motion is ergodic or more strongly irregular .
We demonstrate the transient evolution of the density of the excited free-carriers .	As a result , the experimental conditions required for the excitation of surface plasmon polaritons are revealed .
The cone of lower semicontinuous traces is studied with a view to its use as an invariant .	Its properties include compactness , Hausdorffness , and continuity with respect to inductive limits .
This disk has a Gaussian half power radius of only $ \sim $ 8 AU , and a detailed , self-consistent , accretion disk model indicates an outer radius of only 26 AU .	This discovery supports the notion that protoplanetary disks start small and grow with time , although other explanations for the compact size can not be ruled out , including gravitational instability in its outer parts and tidal truncation from the close approach of a now distant stellar companion .
We benchmark our scheme with two protocols where each connected component is prepared in a node belonging to the component and subsequently distributed via quantum repeaters to the remaining connected nodes .	We show that the fidelity of the generated graphs can be written as the partition function of a classical Ising-type Hamiltonian .
Results of the second-order correlation function are presented , demonstrating a high suppression of two-photon events limited only by background counts .	The cavity photon pulse shape is obtained , with good agreement between experiment and simulation .
In this paper we are extending the well known integrability theorems obtained by multiple scale techniques to the case of linearizable difference equations .	As an example we apply the theory to the case of a differential-difference dispersive equation of the Burgers hierarchy which via a discrete Hopf-Cole transformation reduces to a linear differential difference equation .
It is shown that corresponding to these $ A_n $ symmetric integrable chain models there are exactly solvable stationary discrete-time ( resp .	continuous-time ) Markov chains whose spectra of the transition matrices ( resp .
The exact question studied here is when a dictionary coefficient pair $ ( \dico , \X ) $ can be recovered as local minimum of a ( nonconvex ) $ \ell_1 $ -criterion with input $ Y=\dico \X $ .	First , for general dictionaries and coefficient matrices , algebraic conditions ensuring local identifiability are derived , which are then specialised to the case when the dictionary is a basis .
Dependence of individual structural parameters towards high negative dispersion ( both narrowband and broadband ) has been investigated in details with multipole mode based solver .	The numerical investigation exhibits narrowband of very large negative dispersion of -37,300 ps/nm/km around the wavelength of 1550 nm .
Universality , power-law scaling of the black hole mass , and scale echoing have given rise to the term `` critical phenomena '' .	They are explained by the existence of exact solutions which are attractors within the black hole threshold , that is , attractors of codimension one in phase space , and which are typically self-similar .
Thus , the coupled processes of orbital evolution and RLO likely shape the observed distribution of close-in exoplanets and may even be responsible for producing some of the short-period rocky planets .	However , the exact outcome for an overflowing planet depends on its internal response to mass loss , and the accompanying orbital evolution can act to enhance or inhibit RLO .
Here we present a model that is able to explain a number of the above mentioned properties in terms of magnetic flares shining above a standard accretion disc and producing the X-ray spectrum via inverse Compton scattering soft photons ( both intrinsic and reprocessed thermal emission from the accretion disc and locally produced synchrotron radiation ) .	We show that the fundamental heating event , likely caused by magnetic reconnection , must be compact , with typical size comparable to the accretion disc thickness and must be triggered at a height at least an order of magnitude larger than its size ; the spatial and temporal distribution of flares are not random : the heating of the corona proceeds in correlated trains of events in an avalanche fashion .
In this paper we intend to show that an exact solution to this problem can be achieved adopting the approach based on inverse kinetic theory ( IKT ) recently developed for incompressible fluids by Ellero and Tessarotto ( 2004-2007 ) .	In particular we intend to prove that the evolution of the fluid fields can be achieved by means of a suitable dynamical system , to be identified with the so-called Navier-Stokes ( N-S ) dynamical system .
Roughly speaking , $ |t| $ is the `sequential ' execution time and $ h ( t ) $ is the `parallel ' execution time .	We prove that the bivariate commutative series $ \sum_t x^ { h ( t ) } y^ { |t| } $ is rational , and we give a finite representation of it .
This means that quasars with larger black hole masses have larger percentage flux variations .	Partial rank correlation analysis shows that the correlation can not explained by obvious selection effects inherent to flux-limited samples .
In particular , we answer the question how to obtain the sign of a 321-avoiding permutation from the pair of tableaux resulting from the Robinson-Schensted-Knuth algorithm .	The proof of the simple solution bases on a matching method given by Elizalde and Pak .
We use these equivalences in turn to produce algebraic models for rational stable model categories .	We show that bascially any rational stable model category is Quillen equivalent to modules over a differential graded Q-algebra ( with many objects ) .
We investigate the properties of trust propagation on networks , based on a simple metric of trust transitivity .	We investigate analytically the percolation properties of trust transitivity in random networks with arbitrary degree distribution , and compare with numerical realizations .
In view of the recent interest in the pMSSM with light third generation squarks , we consider a hitherto neglected scenario where the lighter bottom squark ( $ \widetilde { b } _1 $ ) is the next lightest supersymmetric particle ( NLSP ) which co-annihilates with the lightest supersymmetric particle ( LSP ) , the dark matter ( DM ) candidate .	Since the co-annihilation cross section receives contributions from both electroweak and strong vertices , it is relatively large .
The sharpest images are selected , shifted and added to give a much higher resolution than is normally possible in ground-based long exposure time observations .	The method is relatively inefficient as a significant fraction of the frames are discarded because of their relatively poor quality .
One of the earliest results concerns the stochastic independence of record events .	Recently , records statistics beyond the case of i.i.d .
Motion in the atmosphere or mantle convection are two among phenomena of natural convection induced by internal heat sources .	They bifurcate from the conduction state as a result of its loss of stability .
Aims : The gas-phase abundance of methanol in dark quiescent cores in the interstellar medium can not be explained by gas-phase chemistry .	In fact , the only possible synthesis of this species appears to be production on the surfaces of dust grains followed by desorption into the gas .
We identify experimentally accessible quantities of interest , and show that the first and second order theories may lead to radically different evolutions of these quantities .	In the first order theory the memory of the initial state is almost completely washed out , whereas in the second order theory it is possible that freezeout occurs at a time when transient dynamics is still on , and the memory of the initial state remains .
Both for the Aoki and first-order scenarios , this results in a critical surface along which at least one of the pions is massless .	In the pion spectrum , we focus mainly on the untwisted case , where there is competition between the effects of non-degeneracy and discretization errors .
A simple model of chemical enrichment in cluster early-type galaxies is presented where the main parameters driving the formation of the stellar component are reduced to four : infall timescale ( tf ) , formation epoch ( zF ) , star formation efficiency ( Ceff ) and fraction of gas ejected in outflows ( Bout ) .	We find that only variations in Bout or Ceff can account for the colour-magnitude relation , so that the most luminous galaxies had low values of ejected gas and high efficiencies .
We study cosmological phase transitions in the Next-to-Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model ( NMSSM ) in light of the Higgs discovery .	We use an effective field theory approach to calculate the finite temperature effective potential , focusing on regions with significant tree-level contributions to the Higgs mass , a viable neutralino dark matter candidate , 1-2 TeV stops , and with the remaining particle spectrum compatible with current LHC searches and results .
A genus 3 curve C/k has many involutions if the group of k-automorphisms admits a C_2\times C_2 subgroup H ( not containing the hyperelliptic involution if C is hyperelliptic ) .	Then C is an Artin-Schreier cover of the three elliptic curves obtained as the quotient of C by the nontrivial involutions of H , and the Jacobian of C is k-isogenous to the product of these three elliptic curves .
The spread is described by stochastic differential equations .	A perturbation theory quantifies the impact of the missing spreader on the moments of the number of cases .
How does it operate ?	How is a system developed ?
We determine the survival probability function associated with the wall loss mechanism by a Monte Carlo method .	Based on a fit of the competing risks model to a subset of the NIST experimental data , we determine the mean lifetime of trapped neutrons to be approximately 700 s -- considerably less than the current best estimate of ( 880.1 $ \pm $ 1.1 ) s promulgated by the Particle Data Group [ 1 ] .
We systematically classify short-range bosonic RVB states into symmetric or nematic spin liquids by examining their flux patterns .	We further map short-range bosonic RVB states into projected BCS wave functions , on which we perform large-scale Monte Carlo simulations without the minus sign problem .
We give a rigorous analysis of this problem .	The reflectors we construct are ( parts of ) the boundaries of convex sets .
We performed a comparative study of both constant volume and constant pressure cooling of the polymer melt .	Great emphasis was laid on a careful equilibration of the dense polymer melt at all studied temperatures .
Centrality classes are determined via the energy deposit in neutron calorimeters at zero degree , close to the beam direction , to minimise dynamical biases of the selection .	The corresponding number of participants or binary nucleon-nucleon collisions is determined based on the particle production in the Pb-going rapidity region .
Our analysis allows us to conjecture that local capacity is optimal when simultaneous transmitters are positioned in a grid pattern based on equilateral triangles and our results show that this optimal local capacity is at most double the local capacity of simple ALOHA protocol .	Our results also show that node coloring and carrier sense protocols approach the optimal local capacity by an almost negligible difference .
All the known methods make use of a mixer , used either as a saturated phase detector or as a linear synchronous detector .	Unfortunately , AM noise is taken in through the power-to-dc-offset conversion mechanism that results from the mixer asymmetry .
The optimal Hamiltonian for given constraints is constructed from the quantum brachistochrone equation .	We discuss how the adiabatic passage is realized as the solution of the equation .
We validate our method by applying it to both continuous stochastic systems , such as nonlinear oscillators governed by the Duffing equation , and finite discrete systems , such as epidemic problems , which are governed by a set of master equations .	Furthermore , we demonstrate that this method is capable of dealing with stochastic systems of delay differential equations .
Many models of dark matter contain more than one new particle beyond those in the Standard Model .	Often heavier particles decay into the lightest dark matter particle as the Universe evolves .
Evidence for mixing in the neutral D meson system has recently been reported .	Assuming negligible CP violation , non-vanishing width and mass differences between the two neutral D mass eigenstates has been found .
V1494 Aql is a fast classical nova and found to be an eclipsing system with the orbital period of 0.1346138 days in the late phase of the nova outburst .	Its orbital light curve shows a small bump at orbital phase 0.2 , a small dip at 0.3 , sometimes a small bump at 0.4 , and a large bump at 0.6-0.7 outside eclipse .
The orbits of the inspiraling COs are highly complicated ; they can remain rather eccentric up until the final plunge , and display extreme versions of relativistic perihelion precession and Lense-Thirring precession of the orbital plane .	The strongest capture signals will be ~10 times weaker than LISA 's instrumental noise , but in principle ( with sufficient computing power ) they can be disentangled from the noise by matched filtering .
We present a new method that utilizes an unbiased stochastic estimation of the one flavor determinant .	The stochastic estimation is based on the integral representation of the determinant of a complex matrix , which we prove .
Predictive sparse coding algorithms recently have demonstrated impressive performance on a variety of supervised tasks , but their generalization properties have not been studied .	We establish the first generalization error bounds for predictive sparse coding , covering two settings : 1 ) the overcomplete setting , where the number of features k exceeds the original dimensionality d ; and 2 ) the high or infinite-dimensional setting , where only dimension-free bounds are useful .
The observed relation between the soft X-ray and the optical-ultraviolet emission in active galactic nuclei ( AGN ) is non-linear and it is usually parametrized as a dependence between the logarithm of the monochromatic luminosity at 2500 { \AA } and at 2 keV .	Previous investigations have found that the dispersion of this relation is rather high ( ~0.35-0.4 in log units ) , which may be caused by measurement uncertainties , variability , and intrinsic dispersion due to differences in the AGN physical properties ( e.g.different accretion modes ) .
We propose a two-stage procedure for estimating the location $ \bolds { \mu } $ and size M of the maximum of a smooth d-variate regression function f. In the first stage , a preliminary estimator of $ \bolds { \mu } $ obtained from a standard nonparametric smoothing method is used .	At the second stage , we `` zoom-in '' near the vicinity of the preliminary estimator and make further observations at some design points in that vicinity .
Here we present a new framework and develop techniques for controlling synchronization patterns in complex network of coupled chaotic oscillators .	Specifically , according to the network permutation symmetry , we design a small-size and weighted network , namely the control network , and use it to control the large-size complex network by means of pinning coupling .
The stars are at the tip of the first giant branch or in the early stages of evolution along the asymptotic giant branch ( AGB ) .	There is no convincing evidence that these SRd variables are experiencing thermal pulsing and the third dredge-up on the AGB .
Yet , in our opinion it gets far less research focus than it rightly deserves .	In this paper we outline a framework in which this effectivity can be studied ; we identify the possible roots and scope of this effectivity and the cognitive processes directly involved .
These structures indicate that shock and turbulence associated with the merger accelerate electrons to relativistic energies .	We report the discovery of a radio relic + radio halo system in PSZ1 G108.18-11.53 ( z=0.335 ) .
However , we observe a degeneracy not only within the chiral and U ( 1 ) _A multiplets , but also a degeneracy of all possible chiral multiplets , i.e. , the observed quantum levels have a symmetry larger than U ( 2 ) _L \times U ( 2 ) _R and their energy does not depend on the spin orientation of quarks and their parities .	We offer a possible interpretation of these energy levels as the quantum levels of the dynamical QCD string .
Then we do explicit calculations for three interesting examples .	With the first two examples we see that not all algebraic solutions are geometric and that the algebraic solutions are not unique .
We consider as a basic task a question or an issue where the only answers are 0 and 1 .	We show that under rational ignorance the opinion state of a person can be described as a qubit state .
For spins in the opposite direction the waves are evanescent far away from the Rashba region , which plays the role of the scattering center .	The most interesting case occurs when the magnetic field is perpendicular to the Rashba field .
In this bulk version of the Rattazzi-Zaffaroni shining model , flavor violation is also highly suppressed , yielding a bound of 2.4 TeV .	Non-trivial flavor physics at the LHC in the form of flavor gauge bosons is predicted .
We used the method of determining magnetic fields through the spectrum synchrotron radiation in the region of synchrotron self-absorption .	As the magnitude of magnetic field of the extragalactic source depends very strongly on the angular size of extragalactic source and therefore on the photometric distance the calculated magnetic field magnitudes depends very strongly on the definite cosmological model .
Large scale motion of cytoplasm called cytoplasmic streaming occurs in some large eukaryotic cells to stir the cell 's constituents .	In Drosophila oocytes , microtubules have been observed to undergo undulating motion , curving to form travelling waves during cytoplasmic streaming .
That superluminal communication is possible is seen from the fact that the own field , generated by particles and inseparable from them , transforms the environment into a special physical medium which is capable to instantaneously transfer a signal ( information ) about any changes , happening to a particle in the region of its basic localization , to arbitrarily large distances .	The phenomenon of superluminal communication is caused by the non-local connection of scalar and vector potentials with the electric and magnetic field strengths .
The neutron halo in $ ^ { 11 } $ Li and the proton halo in $ ^ { 8 } $ B are also investigated .	Particular interest is paid to the inverse scattering problem and its dependence on the experimental precision .
We present an implementation of the so-called CKKW-L merging scheme for combining multi-jet tree-level matrix elements with parton showers .	The implementation uses the transverse-momentum-ordered shower with interleaved multiple interactions as implemented in PYTHIA8 .
We have measured the Hall ( R_H ) , Seebeck ( S ) , and Nernst coefficients of underdoped Hg1201 in magnetic fields large enough to suppress superconductivity .	The high-field R_H ( T ) and S ( T ) are found to drop with decreasing temperature and become negative , as also observed in YBCO at comparable doping .
The present paper is devoted to a further study of metal-insulator transition in this model , in particular , an investigation of temperature-induced metal-to-insulator transition .	The dependence of energy gap on concentration of doubly occupancy leads to increasing energy gap width with increase of temperature .
In practice , for a variational description of the lowest n bound states only n ( n+1 ) /2 integrals are necessary whereas D ( D+1 ) /2 integrals are enough for the scattering states ( D is the dimension of the S matrix ) .	Applications of the method to the study of dimers of He , Ne and Ar , for both bound and scattering states , are presented .
We find that using a common envelope parameterization employing energy balance with alpha=1 and lambda=1 , the supernova rates per unit mass ( born in stars ) of sub-Chandrasekhar mass SNe Ia exceed those of all other progenitor channels at epochs t=0.7 - 4 Gyr for a burst of star formation at t=0 .	Additionally , the delay time distribution of the sub-Chandrasekhar model can be divided in to two distinct evolutionary channels : the `prompt ' helium-star channel with delay times & lt ; 500 Myr , and the `delayed ' double white dwarf channel with delay times & gt ; 800 Myr spanning up to a Hubble time .
The functional linear model is a popular tool to investigate the relationship between a scalar/functional response variable and a scalar/functional covariate .	We generalize this model to a functional linear mixed-effects model when repeated measurements are available on multiple subjects .
Their usefulness in curved spacetimes via the equivalence principle is maximized by using synchrony-free and/or frame-invariant forms for length , time , velocity , and acceleration .	In context of any single system of locally inertial frames , the metric equation thus lets us express electric and magnetic effects with a single frame-invariant but velocity-dependent force , and to contrast such forces with gravity as well .
We present a new measurement of the energy dependence of nuclear transparency from AGS experiment E850 , performed using the EVA solenoidal spectrometer , upgraded since 1995 .	Using a secondary beam from the AGS accelerator , we simultaneously measured $ pp $ elastic scattering from hydrogen and $ ( p,2p ) $ quasi-elastic scattering in carbon at incoming momenta of 5.9 , 8.0 , 9.0 , 11.7 and 14.4 GeV/c .
We demonstrate that Hall is an important non-ideal MHD effect in the solar photosphere and show that Hall effect can significantly affect the excitation and propagation of the waves in the medium .	We also demonstrate that the non-ideal Hall dominated inhomogeneous medium can become parametrically unstable , and it could have important ramification for the photosphere and chromosphere of the sun .
On the other hand , Phillips in his fundamental paper used a power function in the model definition .	Considering that the ordinary as well as generalised Mittag-Leffler function behave between a purely exponential function and a power function it is natural to implement it in the definition of the model used to fit the data representing the Phillips curve .
There exists a dispute in philosophy , going back at least to Leibniz , whether is it possible to view the world as a network of relations and relations between relations with the role of objects , between which these relations hold , entirely eliminated .	Category theory seems to be the correct mathematical theory for clarifying conceptual possibilities in this respect .
In the case of an autonomous system , the coupling function does not need to depend on all the internal variables for achieving synchronization and its functional form is not crucial for generalized synchronization .	What becomes essential for reaching synchronization in an extended system is the sharing of some minimal information by its elements , on the average , over long times , independently of the nature ( external or internal ) of its source .
The phase diagram of the Schwinger model on the lattice with one and two degenerate flavours of Wilson fermions is investigated in the Hartree-Fock approximation .	In case of a single flavour ( not directly amenable to numerical simulation ) , the calculation indicates the existence of the parity violating phase at both weak and intermediate-to-strong couplings .
For example , after nonspecific binding , additional kinetic steps , such as binding of receptors and coreceptors , must occur before virus particle fusion can occur .	We couple the diffusion of particles in the bulk phase with the surface kinetics and derive an effective , integro-differential boundary condition that contains a memory kernel describing the delay induced by the surface reactions .
The recent finding of the Mott insulating state right beside superconductivity in Cs3C60 has suggested that magnetism helps raise Tc even in fullerides as in heavy-fermion compounds , high-Tc copper oxides , two-dimensional organic conductors , and iron pnictides .	Namely , one tends to think that the link between Mott insulator and superconductivity takes place in fullerides , which can give rise to the mechanism beyond the Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer framework .
Which the null vector is a vector on orthogonal $ D $ dimensional $ Hilbert $ spacetime .	In $ Riemann $ geometry , the equation of motion is deformed from an induced rotation .
Combining all this information , we show that , with present errors , the observed asymmetries are marginally compatible with the Standard Model .	Improving the experimental accuracy could lead to an indirect signal of new physics .
We investigate the electron energy distributions ( EEDs ) and the acceleration processes in the jet of Mrk 421 through fitting the spectral energy distributions ( SEDs ) in different active states in the frame of a one-zone synchrotron self-Compton ( SSC ) model .	After assuming two possible EEDs formed in different acceleration models : the shock accelerated power-law with exponential cut-off ( PLC ) EED and the stochastic turbulence accelerated log-parabolic ( LP ) EED , we fit the observed SEDs of Mrk 421 in both low and giant flare states by using the Markov Chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) method which constrains the model parameters in a more efficient way .
Moreover , outside this width , short and long wavelength modes no longer mix .	These results can be used to show that the spectrum is hardly modified by dispersion as long as the background geometry does not vary significantly over this length .
Any Schur ring is uniquely determined by a partition of the elements of the group .	An open question in the study of Schur rings is determining which partitions of the group induce a Schur ring .
Initialization is accomplished by optical pumping , algorithmic cooling , and pseudo-pure state techniques .	Magnetic resonance force microscopy is used for readout .
Supernovae Ia ( SNe Ia ) light curves have been used to prove the universe is expanding .	As standard candles , SNe Ia appear to indicate the rate of expansion has increased in the past and is now decreasing .
The current theories for their explanation include the so-called `` top-down '' decay scenarios whose main signature is a large ratio of UHE gamma rays to protons .	Important step in determining the primary composition at ultra-high energies is the study of air shower development .
These sheaves are modules over a sheaf of algebras which is a version of twisted crystalline differential operators , but is actually larger .	We discuss translation functors and intertwining functors .
Also the corrections are discussed due to the finite conductivity , large-scale and short-scale deviations from the perfect shape of the bounding surfaces and the temperature correction .	They were found to be essential when confronting the theoretical results with experimental data .
We report on a new general relativistic computational model enhancing , in various respects , the capability of presently available tools for fitting spectra of X-ray sources .	The new model is intended for spectral analysis of black-hole accretion discs .
We here propose a novel approach to improve the APLC performance .	Our method relies on the linear properties of the coronagraphic electric field with the apodization at any wavelength to develop numerical solutions producing coronagraphic star images with high-contrast region in broadband light .
In monolayers of semiconducting transition metal dichalcogenides , the light helicity ( $ \sigma^+ $ or $ \sigma^- $ ) is locked to the valley degree of freedom , leading to the possibility of optical initialization of distinct valley populations .	However , an extremely rapid valley pseudospin relaxation ( at the time scale of picoseconds ) occurring for optically bright ( electric-dipole active ) excitons imposes some limitations on the development of opto-valleytronics .
We consider nonanticommutative SYM theories with chiral matter in the adjoint representation of the SU ( N ) x U ( 1 ) gauge group .	In a superspace setup and manifest background covariant approach we investigate the one-loop renormalization of the theory when a cubic superpotential is present .
Ranging from the smallest galaxies to the observable universe , the evidence for dark matter is compelling in dwarfs , spiral galaxies , galaxy clusters as well as at cosmological scales .	However , it has been historically difficult to pin down the dark matter contribution to the total mass density in the Milky Way , particularly in the innermost regions of the Galaxy and in the solar neighbourhood .
Two rays of different wavelengths reaching the plane of the color photographic film determine the stereo representation of an object point .	Since the wavelength may have any value within the continuous visible spectrum , this case constitutes a new situation of continuous stereo photography .
Closed-form delayed updates for the $ \ell_1 $ , $ \ell_ { \infty } $ , and rarely used $ \ell_2 $ regularizers have been described previously .	This paper provides closed-form updates for the popular squared norm $ \ell^2_2 $ and elastic net regularizers .
Optical , Infrared , X-ray , and radio wavelength studies of quasars are beginning to define the luminous quasar structure from techniques of reverberation and microlensing .	An important result is that the inner quasar structure of the first identified gravitational lens , Q0957+561 A , B seems not to show the kind of structure expected for a supermassive black hole , but instead show a clean-swept interior region as due to the action of a magnetic propeller , just as expected for a MECO ( Magnetic Eternally Collapsing Object ) structure .
It is addressed to undergraduate students familiar with the basic principles of relativistic quantum mechanics and general relativity .	The aim of the project was to study the Dirac equation in curved space time .
We introduce a distinct method to perform spatially-resolved spectral analysis of astronomical sources with highly structured X-ray emission .	The method measures the surface brightness of neighbouring pixels to adaptively size and shape each region , thus the spectra from the bright and faint filamentary structures evident in the broadband images can be extracted .
The most important results concern the shape of the bispectrum , which has two different , but distinct , forms in the weak and strong dissipative regimes .	Comparison of shape functions could permit discrimination between the warm and cold paradigms of inflation from future precision data on primordial non-Gaussianity .
We demonstrate by STM simulations based on electronic structure obtained from first principles that the relative local orientation of the STM-tip apex with respect to the HOPG substrate has a considerable effect on the HOPG STM contrast .	Importantly for experimental STM analysis of HOPG , the simulations indicate that local tip-rotations maintaining a major contribution of the $ d_ { 3z^2-r^2 } $ tip-apex state to the STM current affect only the secondary features of the HOPG STM contrast resulting in `` stripe '' formation and leaving the primary contrast unaltered .
Moreover , by forming a closed inner edge channel loop , we freeze energy exchanges in the outer channel .	This result also elucidates the inelastic mechanisms at work at filling factor 2 , informing us in particular that those within the outer edge channel are negligible .
After introducing the most general checkerboard Yang -- Baxter equation , we specialize to the star-triangle equation , also discussing its relation with knot theory .	Then we show how the integrable chiral Potts model leads to special identities for basic hypergeometric series in the $ q $ a root-of-unity limit .
A dimensional expansion of the cosmological Friedmann Equation of energy has a clear place for them .	Such energies would affect the universe much differently than dark energies , and so are here dubbed `` ultralight . ''
In this paper , we propose to use a cyber epidemic dynamics approach to characterize the power of MTD .	We define and investigate two complementary measures that are applicable when the defender aims to deploy MTD to achieve a certain security goal .
We analyse the global structure and obtain all the thermodynamical quantities including the mass , angular momentum , electric/magnetic charges and their thermodynamical conjugates .	We verify that the first law of thermodynamics holds .
We have studied how the hysteretic voltage-induced torsional strain , associated with charge-density-wave depinning , in orthorhombic tantalum trisulfide depends on square-wave and triangle-wave voltages of different frequencies and amplitudes .	The strains are measured by placing the sample , with a wire glued to the center as a transducer , in a radio frequency cavity and measuring the modulated response of the cavity .
For Q^2 = 11 GeV^2 there is about a 13 % discrepancy between the relativistic and non-relativistic approaches .	For asymptotically large momentum transfer , however , the light-front form factor , log Q^2 /Q^4 , markedly differs from the non-relativistic version , 1/Q^4 .
to the full subcategory of the derived category having Cohen-Macaulay complexes as objects ( a subcategory equivalent to the category of Cousin complexes , once a codimension function has been fixed ) .	Specifically , for Cousin complexes M and any scheme map f : X - & gt ; Y as above , there is a functorial derived-category map \gamma : f^ # M - & gt ; f^ !
Additionally , we define the threshold counting problem and present a distributed algorithm to solve it in the asynchronous communication model .	Our algorithm is load balanced , with computation , communication and latency complexity of O ( log n ) , and may be of independent interest to other applications with a load balancing goal in mind .
Let V be a vector bundle on a scheme X endowed with a nondegenerate symplectic or orthogonal form .	Let G be a Grassmannian bundle parametrizing maximal isotropic subbundles of V. The main goal of the paper is to give formulas for the classes of the loci in G parametrizing those subbundles which intersect successive members of of a fixed flag of isotropic subbundles of V in dimensions greater than 1,2,3 , ... .
We revisit the question as to whether the Galactic supernova rate can account for all of the known groups of isolated neutron stars .	After reviewing the rates and population estimates we find that , if the estimates are in fact accurate , the current birthrate and population estimates are not consistent with the Galactic supernova rate .
These resonances occur when the potential is not quite strong enough to support a bound p-wave of zero energy .	We then examine relativistic scattering by spherical wells and barriers in the Dirac equation .
The gauge-fixing involves constant fields which play the role of moduli and modify the behavior of Green functions at subasymptotic scales .	At the one loop level physical implications from these power corrections are gauge invariant .
cit. , including geometric properties for the definable sets like certain forms of quantifier elimination .	Our expansion comes from adding specific , existentially definable functions , which are solutions of certain henselian systems of equations .
We report on an XMM-Newton observation of the X-ray afterglow of the Gamma Ray Burst GRB 011211 , originally detected by Beppo-SAX on 11th December 2001 .	The early afterglow spectrum obtained by XMM-Newton , observed 11 hours after the initial burst , appeared to reveal decaying H-like K emission lines of Mg , Si , S , Ar and Ca , arising in enriched material with an outflow velocity of order 0.1c ( Reeves et al.2002 ) .
First , the observed disappearance of the SdHO oscillations simultaneously with the vanishing resistance at the zero resistance states region .	And secondly the strong modulation of the SdHO oscillations at sufficient terahertz radiation power .
The fragments of $ C_ { 60 } $ studied are pyracylene , fluoranthene and corannulene .	The energies , bond orders , spin-spin and charge-correlation functions of these systems are obtained for various values of the Hubbard parameter , $ U $ .
These generalize results of Parry and Sullivan to higher dimensions .	When the tiling spaces are uniquely ergodic , we show that homeomorphisms ( FLC ) or orbit equivalences ( ILC ) are completely parametrized by the appropriate cohomological invariants .
The shift of the critical curves as a function of the lens angular momentum is found , and it is shown that they decrease slightingly for the weakly naked and vastly for the strongly naked singularities with the increase of the scalar charge .	The point-like caustics drift away from the optical axis and do not depend on the scalar charge .
The papers were reviewed to identify methods of comparisons .	Decision theoretical concepts were used to evaluate the study methods and highlight those that provide the most information .
Furthermore , there is an analog of GIM mechanism which is violated by the heavy top quark ( just as in SM ) leading to striking signals at $ B $ -factories : ( i ) New Physics ( NP ) contributions to $ \Delta F= 2 $ transitions are comparable to SM .	This implies that , within this NP framework , the success of SM unitarity triangle fit is a `` coincidence '' Thus , clean extractions of unitarity angles via e.g. $ B \to \pi \pi , \rho \pi , \rho \rho , DK $ are likely to be affected , in addition to O ( 1 ) deviation from SM prediction in $ B_s $ mixing .
The patterns are to be designed using BPM ( Business Process Model ) for effective cross cutting on process level .	For implementing the above said BPM , the Internet banking has been taken to implement the pattern into it .
The problem of the determinism of Quantum Mechanics has been a main one during the 20th century .	At the same time , in the context of Logic and Set Theory , the importance of ancient paradoxes as well as the appearance of many new ones , has shed light on and deeply influenced the foundations of Mathematics and somehow of Physics .
In order to study the Fermi surface instability , we performed Hall effect measurements in the ferromagnetic superconductor URhGe .	The Hall effect of URhGe is well explained by two contributions , namely by the normal Hall effect and by the large anomalous Hall effect due to skew scattering .
A two-step adaptive sensing paradigm is developed , where online sensing is applied to detect the signal class in the first step , followed by a reconstruction step adapted to the detected class and the observed samples .	The approach is based on information theory , here tailored for Gaussian mixture models ( GMMs ) , where an information-theoretic objective relationship between the sensed signals and a representation of the specific task of interest is maximized .
This allows for a realistic flavour structure , even in models built around an underlying grand unified theory .	We use two different techniques to understand the strongly coupled physics : confinement in N=1 supersymmetry and the AdS/CFT correspondence .
Aiming to distinguish two types of progenitors of core collapse supernovae , i.e. , one with a core composed mainly of oxygen and neon ( abbreviated as ONe core ) and the other with an iron core ( or Fe core ) , we calculated the luminosities and spectra of neutrinos emitted from these cores prior to gravitational collapse , taking neutrino oscillation into account .	We found that the total energies emitted as $ \bar { \nu } _e $ from the ONe core are $ \lesssim 10^ { 46 } \ { \rm erg } $ , which is much smaller than $ \sim 10^ { 47 } \ { \rm erg } $ for Fe cores .
The average multiplicity of light nuclei and pi-mesons , emitted in HeC and CC interactions at 4.2 A GeV/c were studied as a function of number of identified protons .	In both interactions , the behavior of average multiplicity of pi- mesons are in agreement with results coming from the Cascade model .
It suggests that the spin liquid degeneracy is lifted by dipolar interactions combined with a finite anisotropy along $ & lt ; 111 & gt ; $ axes .	In the ground state , the Tb $ ^ { 3+ } $ ordered moment is reduced with respect to the free ion moment ( 9 $ \mu\_ { \rm B } $ ) .
A detailed quantitative comparison of the solar flux spectra with model spectra shows that Balmer line profile shapes , and therefore the temperature structure in the line formation region , are best represented under the mixing length theory by any combination of a low mixing-length parameter alpha and a low convective structure parameter y .	A slightly lower effective temperature is obtained for the sun than the accepted value , which we attribute to errors in models and line opacities .
This has given rise to a new field , which has been christened `` homotopy type theory '' .	In this direction , Vladimir Voevodsky observed that it is possible to model type theory using simplicial sets and that this model satisfies an additional property , called the Univalence Axiom , which has a number of striking consequences .
After a summary of the basic three neutrino oscillation formalism we review briefly our present empirical knowledge of the oscillation parameters and conclude that the 2-neutrinos model is adequate to describe the survival probability of the electronic neutrino P ( nue- & gt ; nue ) .	Then we proceed to the evaluation of P ( nue- & gt ; nue ) relative to the antineutrinos emitted by the nuclear power stations presently in operation along the the Rhone valley .
The edge-boundary degree of a component A ( subset of V ) is the number of edges in G with one endpoint in A and one endpoint in V-A .	We call the maximum edge-boundary degree encountered during the reassembling process the alpha-measure of the reassembling , and the sum of all edge-boundary degrees is its beta-measure .
Significant excitonic effects were observed in graphene by measuring its optical conductivity in a broad spectral range including the two-dimensional { \pi } -band saddle-point singularities in the electronic structure .	The strong electron-hole interactions manifest themselves in an asymmetric resonance peaked at 4.62 eV , which is red-shifted by nearly 600 meV from the value predicted by ab-initio GW calculations for the band-to-band transitions .
Arguments in favor of a light $ \Xi NN $ hypernucleus with $ ( I ) J^P= ( 3/2 ) 1/2^+ $ are presented , within the uncertainties of our knowledge of the baryon-baryon strangeness $ -2 $ interactions .	If bound , this $ \Xi NN $ state , being decoupled from the lowest $ N\Lambda\Lambda $ system , would be stable .
Simulation relations are an important tool in automata theory because they provide efficiently computable approximations to language inclusion .	In recent years , extensions of ordinary simulations have been studied , for instance multi-pebble and multi-letter simulations which yield better approximations and are still polynomial-time computable .
In a previous paper , we showed how one can obtain from the action of a locally compact quantum group on a type I-factor a possibly new locally compact quantum group .	In another paper , we applied this construction method to the action of quantum SU ( 2 ) on the standard Podles sphere to obtain Woronowicz ' quantum E ( 2 ) .
They parametrize a two-sphere and allow us to handle efficiently infinite towers of higher-spin auxiliary fields defined on ordinary space-time .	In this approach the chiral half of N=4 supersymmetry is manifest .
We then extract ground and first exited state masses by diagonalizing correlation functions among different source and sink operators .	To distinguish bound states from scattering states , we first compare the charmonium mass spectra under different spatial boundary conditions , and examine the shape and the volume-dependence of their Bethe-Salpeter wave functions .
In our SN Ia progenitor scenario , the accreting white dwarf ( WD ) blows a strong wind to reach the Chandrasekhar mass limit .	If the iron abundance of the progenitors is as low as [ Fe/H ] & lt ; -1 , then the wind is too weak for SNe Ia to occur .
We point out that the light Higgs mass can be increased by reducing the off-diagonal term in the mass matrix when tan beta is moderate , which is about 5 to 10 .	As a result no mixing and/or a Higgs mixing angle of the opposite sign arises and the branching ratio of Higgs decay is drastically changed .
We show that the Anderson impurity model , with Mn atoms treated as magnetic impurities , can explain this observation and that the fine balance between super-exchange RKKY type interactions mediated by Ni d and Ga p orbitals determines the equilibrium structure of the crystal .	The Anderson model is also demonstrated to capture the effect of the number of valence electrons per unit cell on the structural properties , often used as an empirical parameter to tune the behavior of Ni2MnGa based alloys .
In this paper , we attempt to identify the nature of the substructure required to match the HEAT data , including the location , size and density of any local dark matter clump ( s ) .	Additionally , we attempt to assess the probability of such substructure being present .
We find that the T=0 doping-driven transition is of second order and is characterized by an interaction-strength dependent electronic compressibility , which vanishes at the critical interaction strength of the half filled model .	Over wide parameter ranges the compressibility is substantially reduced relative to the non-interacting system .
The non-Abelian isometry group is shown to be enlarged to a non-semi-simple group .	However , upon eliminating the gauge fields to obtain the dual theory the new algebra does not close .
We present a calculation of the electromagnetic form factor of the pion in $ N_f=2+1 $ flavor lattice QCD .	Calculations are made on the PACS-CS gauge field configurations generated using Iwasaki gauge action and Wilson-clover quark action on a $ 32^3\times64 $ lattice volume with the lattice spacing estimated as $ a=0.0907 ( 13 ) $ fm at the physical point .
There are two important benefits of using ( CTQ ) approach : minimizing the average waiting time of the tasks , consequently minimizing the average turnaround time , and keeping the number of context switches as low as possible , consequently minimizing the scheduling overhead .	In this paper , we consider the scheduling problem for preemptive tasks , where the time costs of these tasks are known a priori .
In this work , we use up-to-date computations of the energy deposition rates by the products from DM annihilations , a proper treatment of the contribution from DM annihilations in halos , as well as values of the annihilation cross section allowed by the most recent cosmological measurements from the Planck satellite .	Given current uncertainties on the description of the astrophysical processes driving the epochs of reionization , X-ray heating and Lyman- $ \alpha $ pumping , we find that disentangling DM signatures from purely astrophysical effects , related to early-time star formation processes or late-time galaxy X-ray emissions , will be a challenging task .
We have studied the time lags between commercial line airplane disasters and their occurrence frequency till 2002 , as obtained from a freely available website .	We show that the time lags seem to be well described by Poisson random events , where the average events rate is itself a function of time , i.e.time-dependent Poisson events .
The Lasso has attracted the attention of many authors these last years .	While many efforts have been made to prove that the Lasso behaves like a variable selection procedure at the price of strong ( though unavoidable ) assumptions on the geometric structure of these variables , much less attention has been paid to the analysis of the performance of the Lasso as a regularization algorithm .
The present work embarks upon such a task .	As with the ordinals , transfinite digraphs appear in a hierarchy of ranks indexed by the countable ordinals .
There are currently two optical interferometry recombiners that can provide spectral resolutions better than 10000 , AMBER/VLTI operating in the H-K bands , and VEGA/CHARA , recently commissioned , operating in the visible .	These instruments are well suited to study the wind activity of the brightest AB supergiants in our vicinity , in lines such as H $ \alpha $ or BrGamma .
We use several definitions for the mean type of each galaxy , based on those classifications .	We then train and test the network on these features .
The upper bound implies that it is likely that oscillations in distance and/or energy can be observed in radioactive source experiments .	It is also favorable for the ICARUS @ CERN experiment , in which it is likely that oscillations are not washed-out in the near detector .
These lie on a sphere centered on the origin of fixed , finite radius \varrho_q .	The nests themselves are at the vertices of a rectangular parallelepiped .
The autonomous linear difference equation with integer coefficients for d ( k ) is obtained .	This equation is fully defined by \sigma_1 nonnegative integers m_1 , ... , m_\sigma_1 that are determined by relations : \Phi_n^ { -m_i } ( O_\alpha_i ) =O^ ( -1 ) _\beta_i , i\in ( 1,2 , ... , \sigma_1 ) , where \Phi_n^ { -m_i } is m_i-iteration of inverse map , O_\alpha_i , O^ ( -1 ) _\beta_i , \alpha_i , \beta_i \in ( 1,2 , ... , \sigma ) , are indeterminacy points of the direct and inverse maps , \sigma_1\leq\sigma and \sigma is a number of indeterminacy points of \Phi_n , \Phi_n^ { -1 } .
Superluminal neutrinos are expected to lose energy due to bremstrauhlung .	It is dominated by e+e -- pair production if kinematically allowed .
It was proposed that the modulation arises from X-ray irradiation of the intrinsically faint companion by a remnant accretion disk , and that the bulk of the optical emission arises from viscous dissipation in the disk .	The serious difficulty in this scenario lies in the estimate of the irradiating luminosity required to match the observational data , that is a factor 10-50 higher than the quiescent X-ray luminosity of this source .
An unscented Kalman filter with joint state and parameter estimation is proposed for aerodynamics , states and wind conditions for airborne wind energy converters .	The proposed estimator relies on different measurement setups .
Given a set of $ n $ points in the Euclidean plane , such that just $ k $ points are strictly inside the convex hull of the whole set , we want to find the shortest tour visiting every point .	The fastest known algorithm for the version when $ k $ is significantly smaller than $ n $ , i.e. , when there are just few inner points , works in $ O ( k^ { 11\sqrt { k } } k^ { 1.5 } n^ { 3 } ) $ time [ Knauer and Spillner , WG 2006 ] , but also requires space of order $ k^ { c\sqrt { k } } n^ { 2 } $ .
We report the ASCA results of the supernova remnants ( SNRs ) and their candidates in the Galactic Center region .	We found apparent X-ray emission from G359.1-0.5 and G0.9+0.1 , and made marginal detection for G359.1+0.9 , but found no significant X-ray from the other cataloged SNRs : G359.0-0.9 , Sgr A East ( G0.0+0.0 ) , G0.3+0.0 , Sgr D SNR ( G1.0-0.1 ) ( Green 1998 ) .
Oscillations of period 26 min were observed in both wavebands , having ( dereddened ) peak -- peak amplitudes of about 40 mJy and with the IR leading the radio by 7 min , or perhaps by 33 or 59 min .	A synchrotron origin for the oscillations continues to seem very likely .
In this paper we have approached the study of the structuredness of an RDF graph in a principled way : we propose a framework for specifying structuredness functions , which gauge the degree to which an RDF graph conforms to a schema .	In particular , we first define a formal language for specifying structuredness functions with expressions we call rules .
We show that by switching the ferroelectric polarization , additional carriers are accumulated or depleted at the interfacial region of the manganite and that this change in carrier density can modify the magnetic spin configuration of the interfacial Mn , which is consistent with the experimentally observed anomalously large change in the magnetization .	We also describe an unexpected purely interfacial phenomenon whereby the ferroelectric polarization of the interfacial region changes the magnetic energetics -- - a degree of freedom not present in bulk manganites .
These local curvatures are then used to construct an estimate of a low pass filter of the gravitational potential .	By utilizing Bayesian/likelihood methods one can easily overcome problems with missing and/or non-uniform pixels and problems with partial sky observations ( E and B mode mixing , for example ) .
We show that $ c=4 $ for $ G $ the fundamental group of any orientable closed surface $ S_g $ of genus $ g & gt ; 1 $ .	For the fundamental group of the non-orientable surface $ N_g $ ( the connected sum of $ g $ projective planes ) this number is $ 2 ( g-1 ) $ ( when $ g & gt ; 2 $ ) .
BOSS will measure redshifts of 1.5 million massive galaxies and Lya forest spectra of 150,000 quasars , using the BAO feature of large scale structure to obtain percent-level determinations of the distance scale and Hubble expansion rate at z & lt ; 0.7 and at z~2.5 .	SEGUE-2 , which is now completed , measured medium-resolution ( R=1800 ) optical spectra of 118,000 stars in a variety of target categories , probing chemical evolution , stellar kinematics and substructure , and the mass profile of the dark matter halo from the solar neighborhood to distances of 100 kpc .
This leads to an analysis of higher derivative corrections in holographic QCD beyond the supergravity approximation .	We make a rough estimate of the corrections to the masses of some of the lightest ( axial ) vector mesons .
We show how $ M ( T ) $ and $ T_c $ are affected by disorder , ubiquitous in these materials .	We suggest a way to enhance $ T_c $ in SFMO without sacrificing polarization .
The chemical pressure effect on the structural , transport , magnetic and electronic properties ( by measuring X-ray photoemission spectroscopy ) of ZnV2O4 has been investigated by doping Mn and Co on the Zinc site of ZnV2O4 .	With Mn doping the V-V distance increases and with Co doping it decreases .
We address a novel computing paradigm , replacing this assumption by mere logical consistency : We study non-causal circuits , where a fixed time structure within a gate is locally assumed whilst the global causal structure between the gates is dropped .	We present examples of logically consistent non-causal circuits outperforming all causal ones ; they imply that suppressing loops entirely is more restrictive than just avoiding the contradictions they can give rise to .
This category contains a smaller category $ \mathbf A $ that categorifies the higher level Fock space .	We prove that the functors $ E $ and $ F $ in the category $ \mathbf A $ are Koszul dual to Zuckerman functors .
GRB follow-up observations have had high priority in the observing program at the Whipple 10m Gamma-ray Telescope and GRBs will continue to be high priority targets as the next generation observatory , VERITAS , comes on-line .	Upper limits on the VHE emission , at late times ( & gt ; ~4 hours ) , from seven GRBs observed with the Whipple Telescope are reported here .
The kinetic energy distributions of the two fragments have been recorded as a function of the pump-probe delay , and as a function of excitation within the umbrella and stretching vibrational modes of the CH3 fragment .	These observations are made by using ( 2+1 ) Resonant Enhanced MultiPhoton Ionization ( REMPI ) via the 3pz 2A2 '' state of CH3 to detect specific vibrational levels of CH3 .
The twin processes of viral evolutionary escape and reversion in response to host immune pressure , in particular the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte ( CTL ) response , shape Human Immunodeficiency Virus-1 sequence evolution in infected host populations .	The tempo of CTL escape and reversion is known to differ between CTL escape variants in a given host population .
It is formulated as a coefficient inverse problem for a hyperbolic differential equation .	After applying the Laplace transform , a new cost functional is constructed and a variational problem is formulated .
The metric is Calabi-Yau and Einstein .	Carbon 13 is chosen as an example because it is the lightest nucleus to exhibit small spin mutations even though there is no deformation parameter in the O ( 4 ) commutation relations .
It determines amplitude of such sufficiently strong classical elastic force that forbids escape of a Planck mass particle moving by speed of light from end of corresponding classical elastic spring , simply called dark spring .	Also , by use of a formal identity between given elastic force and Schwarzschild gravitational `` force '' , we introduce phenomenologically a simple quantization rule .
Emission-line flux maps show the same two-armed nuclear spiral we have discovered in previous observations with the HST-ACS camera .	One arm reaches 1 kpc to the east and the other 500 pc to the west , with a 8.4 GHz VLA bent radio jet correlating with the former .
It shows that this possibilistic semantics for disjunctive logic programs can be characterized by a fixed-point operator .	It is also shown that the suggested possibilistic semantics can be computed by a resolution algorithm and the consideration of optimal refutations from a possibilistic logic theory .
We have undertaken an extensive literature search to locate Stromgren , Johnson/Cousins and Walraven photometry for over 120 stars .	In addition , we present new UBVRI photometry of 201 of these candidate halo stars , together with similar data for a further 14 known metal-poor subdwarfs .
Prior work in this area are based on parametric approaches and rely on time-series analysis techniques , self-exciting hurdle models ( SEHM ) , or hidden Markov models ( HMM ) .	While these approaches detect spurts and downfalls reasonably accurately , they are all based on model learning -- - a task that is difficult in practice because of the `` rare '' nature of terrorist attacks from a model learning perspective .
The geodesic problem for these SAV spacetimes is rewritten as a two degree of freedom problem and the connection between current ideas in dynamical systems and the study of two manifolds sought .	The relationship between the Hamilton-Jacobi equations , canonical transformations , constants of motion and Killing tensors are commented on .
We analyze optical long-slit spectroscopy of the nucleus of M33 obtained from the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph aboard the Hubble Space Telescope .	Rather than the steep rise expected within the radius of influence of a supermassive black hole , the velocity dispersion drops significantly within the inner parsec .
The yields of $ d $ , $ t $ , $ ^ { 3 } $ He , and $ ^ { 4 } $ He have been determined at $ \rho $ = 0.002 to 0.032 nucleons/fm $ ^ { 3 } $ and $ T $ = 5 to 10 MeV .	The experimentally derived equilibrium constants for $ \alpha $ particle production are compared with those predicted by a number of astrophysical equations of state .
Here we present an experimental demonstration of a robust distribution scheme in which one photon of an entangled photon pair is successfully encoded into and decoded from a decoherence-free subspace ( DFS ) by a state-independent scheme .	We achieved a high-fidelity distribution of the entangled state over fibre communication channel , and also demonstrated that the scheme is robust against fragility of the reference frame .
We also answer a stacky analogue of this question : given a canonical surface $ X $ with minimal resolution $ Y $ and stacky resolution $ \mathcal { X } $ , we characterize when liftability of $ Y $ is equivalent to that of $ \mathcal { X } $ .	The main input for our results is a study of how the deformation functor of a canonical surface singularity compares with the deformation functor of its minimal resolution .
The current drawn with source on steadily decreased , possibly indicating an increase of resistivity of the chamber plates .	The performance of the chamber , studied with a muon beam under several photon flux values , is found to still fulfill the LHCb operation requirements .
The long term nonlinear dynamics of a Keplerian binary system under the combined influences of gravitational radiation damping and external tidal perturbations is analyzed .	Gravitational radiation reaction leads the binary system towards eventual collapse , while the external periodic perturbations could lead to the ionization of the system via Arnold diffusion .
One main theme concerns itself with the behaviour of this arithmetic degree under hypersurface sections .	The notion of arithmetic degree involves the new concept of length-multiplicity of embedded primary ideals .
With the use of a Krylov-Bogoliubov-type asymptotic expansion in the gravitational constant , the pulson solutions of the Einstein-Klein-Gordon system are obtained in the Schwarzschild coordinates .	They are expressed in terms of solutions of the singular Hill 's equation .
We use a Markov Chain Monte Carlo method to constrain the contribution of cosmic strings and textures to the CMB angular power spectrum .	Marginalizing this contribution over the cosmological parameters of a power law flat LCDM model , we place a 95 % upper limit of 23 % on the topological defects contribution to density fluctuations , the maximum likelihood being of order 4 % .
We find the contribution to $ \alpha_S $ from these processes to be proportional to $ T $ in the regime $ k_B T\ll Qv_ { \Delta } \ll \Delta_0 $ , ( ultra-low temperature regime ) and to be proportional to 1/T in the region $ Qv_F \ll k_BT \ll \Delta_0 $ , ( low temperature regime ) where $ { \bf Q } $ is the ultrasound wave-vector and $ \Delta_0 $ is the maximum gap amplitude .	We explicitly evaluate these terms , for parameters appropriate to the cuprates , for $ { \bf Q } $ along the nodal and the antinodal directions and compare it with the contribution from processes considered earlier ( I.Vekhter et al { \it Phys.Rev .
Among all tapes , the MgB2/SiC/Cu tape deposited at a temperature of 540 { \deg } C has the highest Tc of ~ 37.7 K. Scanning electron microscopy ( SEM ) images revealed the hexagonal shaped MgB2 grains with good connectivity , and their sizes were found to vary with growth temperatures .	As compared to MgB2/Cu tapes , the MgB2/SiC/Cu tapes exhibited opposite trend in the dependence of critical current density ( Jc ) with deposition temperatures .
In the context of high-quality asteroseismic data provided by the NASA Kepler mission , we developed a new code , termed Diamonds ( high-DImensional And multi-MOdal NesteD Sampling ) , for fast Bayesian parameter estimation and model comparison by means of the Nested Sampling Monte Carlo ( NSMC ) algorithm , an efficient and powerful method very suitable for high-dimensional problems ( like the peak bagging analysis of solar-like oscillations ) and multi-modal problems ( i.e.problems that show multiple solutions ) .	We applied the code to the peak bagging analysis of solar-like oscillations observed in a challenging F-type star .
Although it has often been studied qualitatively , e.g. , as a test for the realism of a model , there are almost no quantitative results , neither empirically nor theoretically .	As basis for a quantitative analysis we introduce an order parameter which is adopted from the analysis of colloidal suspensions .
The wind density of the presupernova is estimated using a thin shell model for the interaction with circumstellar matter .	We estimate an ejecta mass of 14 Msun , an explosion energy of 2.45x10^50 erg , a presupernova radius of 229 Rsun , and a radioactive Ni-56 amount of 0.0063 Msun .
The dynamical effects of such ultramassive central black holes is unclear .	Here , we perform direct N-body simulations of mergers of galactic nuclei where one black hole is ultramassive to study the evolution of the remnant and the black hole dynamics in this extreme regime .
The best results are found for a combination of 3 deg .	OAB at SK ( L = 295 km ) and 0.5 deg .
Using light as the coupling medium enables this scheme to have low loss and be extended over long distances .	This scheme is reversible and can be generalised for arbitrary network configurations .
Combining the tensor form factor of the pion with the electromagnetic one , we determine the impact-parameter dependent probability density of transversely polarized quarks inside the pion .	It turns out that the present numerical results for the tensor form factor as well as those for the probability density are in good agreement with the lattice data .
We find that `` highest weight '' Jack polynomials of specific partitions represent the minimum degree polynomials in $ N $ variables that vanish when $ s $ distinct clusters of $ k+1 $ particles are formed , with $ s $ and $ k $ positive integers .	Explicit counting formulas are conjectured .
The allowed areas in the cross section-mass plane for both spin-independent and spin-dependent scattering are significantly smaller than would be allowed if the MSSM were required to be valid only around the weak scale .	In addition to a reduction in the maximum cross section , the upper limit on the neutralino mass is greatly reduced when tachyons are avoided , particularly for smaller values of the squark masses .
We show that under a wide range of parameters describing the size and the field strength , as well as angular momentum distribution inside the disk , buoyant flux tubes , either released on the equatorial plane or at the outer edge of the disk , can gather in the chimney-like openings near the axis .	This behavior makes the chimneys magnetically most active and could shed light on the origin and acceleration of cosmic jets , as well as the variabilities observed in Blazars .
In that case both the idea of grand unification and nature of seesaw mechanism could be tested at future collider experiments through the production of those particles .	Moreover , the prediction for the proton decay lifetime is at most an order of magnitude away from the present experimental limits .
Our formalism , based on variational principles , is simple and the method can be applied to more general situations .	For example , it can be used to settle the dynamical stability of polytropic distributions with respect to the Vlasov equation [ Chavanis & amp ; Campa , arXiv:1001.2109 ] .
We start with a conventional linear integer programming ( IP ) based disaggregation and enhance it in several ways .	The enhancements include additional constraints , correction based on a state diagram , median filtering , and linear programming-based refinement .
The far-infrared ( FIR , 70-500 micron ) photometry is combined with mid-infrared ( MIR ) photometry from the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) and catalogued data to analyse the complete spectral energy distributions ( SEDs ) of each object from optical to radio wavelength .	To disentangle the contributions of different components , the SEDs are fitted with a set of templates to derive the luminosities of host galaxy starlight , dust torus emission powered by active galactic nuclei ( AGN ) and cool dust heated by stars .
The first part contains a thorough exposition of the proof of the classification of topologically trivial Legendrian knots ( i.e.Legendrian knots bounding embedded 2-disks ) in tight contact 3-manifolds .	This part was essentially written more than 10 years ago , but only a short version , without the detailed proofs , was published ( in CRM Proc .
Based on trace formulae , we construct smooth functions highly localized in the neighborhood of periodic orbits using only quantum information .	Those functions show how classical hyperbolic structures emerge from quantum mechanics in chaotic systems .
The massless dark gluons of this dark gauge group contribute to the energy density of the universe as a form of weakly self-interacting dark radiation .	In this paper we explore the consequences of having i . )
A spectral state transition was observed with RXTE during its outburst decay in February and March 1997 .	Its 10-30 keV and 5-10 keV count rate ratio increased suddenly when its luminosity was between ( 4-12 ) E35 ergs/s , assuming a 2.5 kpc distance .
Much progress has been made recently in the study of the effects of electron-phonon ( el-ph ) coupling in doped insulators using angle resolved photoemission ( ARPES ) , yielding evidence for the dominant role of el-ph interactions in underdoped cuprates .	As these studies have been limited to doped Mott insulators , the important question arises how this compares with doped band insulators where similar el-ph couplings should be at work .
For a dense $ G\_\delta $ subset of initial data in $ C^\infty ( { \mathbb S } ^1 ) \cap L^2\_+ ( { \mathbb S } ^1 ) $ , the solutions tend to infinity in $ H^s $ for every $ s\textgreater { } \frac 12 $ with super -- polynomial growth on some sequence of times , while they go back to their initial data on another sequence of times tending to infinity .	This transformation is defined by solving a general inverse spectral problem involving singular values of a Hilbert -- Schmidt Hankel operator and of its shifted Hankel operator .
It is known that this definition of the time scale for tunneling is not unique in the sense that it depends on the clock used to define it .	For the case of resonance tunneling , a particular choice that in the limit of a high/broad square barrier yields the original result of Buttiker and Landauer ( Phys.Rev.Lett .
First , we argue , based on theoretical , semi-analytical , and simulation results , that while dark-matter halos are relaxed in energy , they are not nearly as relaxed in angular momentum , which precludes using maximum entropy to uniquely derive N ( E , L^2 ) .	Instead , we require that when integrating N ( E , L^2 ) over squared angular momenta one retrieves the DARKexp N ( E ) .
We describe how causality and energy-momentum conservation constrain the superhorizon behaviour of perturbation variables in a general FRW spacetime .	The effect of intrinsic curvature upon the horizon scale is discussed and `white noise ' results for the power spectra of generic `causally-seeded ' superhorizon perturbations are obtained .
We also discuss the validity of the fluctuation-dissipation theorem .	The general expression for the thermal conductance we obtain fits existing experimental results with remarkable accuracy .
The paper concerns the asymptotic distribution of the mixture density estimator , proposed by Oppenheim et al 2006 , in the aggregation/disaggregation problem of random parameter AR ( 1 ) process .	We prove that , under mild conditions on the ( semiparametric ) form of the mixture density , the estimator is asymptotically normal .
We present here a new method of mapping the anticipated measurement of the moment of inertia directly into the neutron star structure .	We determine the maximum and minimum values possible for the moment of inertia of a neutron star of a given radius based on physical stability arguments , assuming knowledge of the equation of state only at densities below the nuclear saturation density .
We demonstrate how simple transformations of the Schr\ '' odinger equation leads to a coupled linear system , whereby each diagonal block is a high frequency Helmholtz problem .	Based on this model , we derive indefinite Helmholtz model problems with strongly varying wavenumbers .
Threshold graphs are recursive deterministic network models that capture properties of certain social and economic interactions .	One drawback of these graph families is that they they have highly constrained generative attachment rules .
In this paper , we introduce the concept of a Complex Agent Network ( CAN ) to model the HIV epidemics by combining agent-based modelling and complex networks , in which agents represent individuals that have sexual interactions .	The applicability of CANs is demonstrated by constructing and executing a detailed HIV epidemic model for men who have sex with men ( MSM ) in Amsterdam , including a distinction between steady and casual relationships .
Secure orchestration is an important concern in the internet of service .	Next to providing the required functionality the composite services must also provide a reasonable level of security in order to protect sensitive data .
We develop a noncommutative version of twistor theory , which introduces a new example of a noncommutative four-sphere .	We develop a braided version of the ADHM construction and show that it parametrizes a certain moduli space of framed torsion free sheaves on a noncommutative projective plane .
These three objects may be considered as the youngest PNe known up to date and , therefore , they are key objects to understand the formation of PNe .	In addition , the existence of water maser PNe allow us to study every phase in the AGB to PN transition using water maser emission which can be observed at very high spatial and spectral resolution .
We obtain this result using a simple hypothesis test which reduces the maximum risk of a false detection to the same level as the claimed significance of the test .	We further present a detailed study of the robustness of our earlier claim ( Larson and Wandelt 2004 ) under variations in the noise model and in the resolution of the map .
We show that the anisotropy field plays a significant role in the dynamics , along with the relative amplitude of the two spin-torque contributions .	This was confirmed by micromagnetic simulations .
Several mechanisms can give rise to the EDSR effect , among which there is a hyperfine mechanism , where the spin-electric coupling is mediated by the electron-nucleus hyperfine interaction .	Here , we investigate the influence of frequency modulation ( FM ) on the spin-flip efficiency .
Lyman alpha blobs - luminous , spatially extended emission-line nebulae , often lacking bright continuum counterparts - are common in dense environments at high redshift .	Until recently , atmospheric absorption and filter technology have limited our knowledge of any similar objects at z & lt ; 2 .
In the singularly perturbed limit corresponding to a large diffusivity ratio between two components in a reaction-diffusion ( RD ) system , quasi-equilibrium spot patterns are often admitted , producing a solution that concentrates at a discrete set of points in the domain .	In this paper , we derive and study the differential algebraic equation ( DAE ) that characterizes the slow dynamics for such spot patterns for the Brusselator RD model on the surface of a sphere .
In this paper we report on the progress of the detector construction and testing .	In addition , first results from the commissioning systems at CERN and PSI are presented .
Each cell type plays a distinct role and communicates with other cell types through mediators such as cytokines , chemokines and hormones , among others , that are crucial for the functioning of the IS and its fine tuning .	Nevertheless , a quantitative analysis of the topological properties of an immunological network involving this complex interchange of mediators among immune cells is still lacking .
In a large class of models , new contributions to magnetic moments scale with the square of lepton masses and thus the anomaly in a_mu suggests a new-physics effect in a_e of ( 0.7 +- 0.2 ) *10^-13 .	We also present examples of new-physics theories in which this scaling is violated and larger effects in a_e are expected .
Here , this concept is generalized by drawing the linking probability from a certain distribution .	Such a procedure is found to lead to a static complex network with an arbitrary connectivity distribution .
Such flows generate filamental patterns which are often fractal due to the presence of chaos in the underlying advection dynamics .	In such processes , hydrodynamical stirring strongly couples into the reactivity of the advected species and might thus make the traditional treatment of the problem through partial differential equations difficult .
Discontinuous Galerkin methods are developed for solving the Vlasov-Maxwell system , methods that are designed to be systematically as accurate as one wants with provable conservation of mass and possibly total energy .	Such properties in general are hard to achieve within other numerical method frameworks for simulating the Vlasov-Maxwell system .
In this paper , we study regularity of Newtonian functions based on quasi-Banach function lattices .	Their ( weak ) quasi-continuity is established , assuming density of continuous functions .
Graph similarity with known node correspondence , i.e.the detection of changes in the connectivity of graphs , arises in numerous settings .	In this work , we formally state the axioms and desired properties of the graph similarity functions , and evaluate when state-of-the-art methods fail to detect crucial connectivity changes in graphs .
Initial values of the flare physical parameters including geometrical properties were estimated using observations .	We found that , for a fixed total energy of non-thermal electrons in a flare , the resulting GOES class of the flare can be changed significantly by varying the spectral index and low energy cut-off of the non-thermal electron distribution .
The simulation that produces a realistic late-type galaxy , fails to reproduce existing observations of the CGM .	In contrast , simulation that does not produce a realistic galaxy has the predicted CGM in better agreement with observations .
The effect consists in the generation of spin accumulation across one layer by an electric current along the other layer .	It arises from the combined action of spin-orbit and Coulomb interactions .
After an elementary derivation of the `` time transformation '' , mapping a counting process onto a homogeneous Poisson process with rate one , a brief review of Ogata 's goodness of fit tests is presented and a new test , the `` Wiener process test '' , is proposed .	This test is based on a straightforward application of Donsker 's Theorem to the intervals of time transformed counting processes .
An operator statement of the duality is given , and it is shown that the resulting boundary correlators can be interpreted as transition amplitudes from the Bunch-Davies vacuum to an excited state in the infinite future .	We also explain how these scattering amplitudes can be used to compute late-time Bunch-Davies expectation values , and comment on the effects of anomalies in the dual CFT on such expectation values .
The latter is implemented into a field-theoretic ansatz for color-Coulomb and ( remnants of ) confining interactions .	This , in particular , enables to discuss corrections to the potential approach , specifically hard-thermal-loop corrections to the vertices , relativistic corrections deduced from pertinent Feynman diagrams , and a suitable projection on transverse thermal gluons .
After this geometric concepts in Markov chain Monte Carlo are introduced .	A full derivation of the Langevin diffusion on a Riemannian manifold is given , together with a discussion of appropriate Riemannian metric choice for different problems .
While batch boosting has a sound theoretical foundation , online boosting deserves more study from the theoretical perspective .	In this paper , we carefully compare the differences between online and batch boosting , and propose a novel and reasonable assumption for the online weak learner .
In this setup , the key role is played by the surface stresses on the quasihorizon and one finds that the entropy comes from the quasihorizon surface .	Any distribution of matter inside the surface leads to the same universal value for the entropy in the quasihorizon limit .
At the classical level , a static solution describing an eternal black hole has timelike singularities and multiple asymptotic regions .	The corresponding semiclassical solution , on the other hand , has a spacelike singularity and a Penrose diagram like that of an electrically neutral black hole .
Symmetry is a fundamentally important concept in many branches of physics .	In this work , we discuss two types of symmetries , external symmetry and internal symmetry , which appear frequently in controlled quantum spin chains and apply them to study various controllability problems .
The black hole 's mass and tension ( and the `` black hole Archimedes effect '' ) are obtained explicitly at this order , and a Newtonian derivation for the leading term in the tension is demonstrated .	Implications for the phase diagram are analyzed , finding agreement with numerical results and extrapolation shows hints for Sorkin 's critical dimension - a dimension where the transition turns second order .
The expansion in loop quantum universe has a bounce even in presence of the phantom field .	The greater decaying from dark matter to dark phantom energy results in greater energy storing in the phantom field .
In our scheme for quantum communication , which may more appropriately be considered as a remote state preparation , the quality is higher than the highly studied attaching scenarios .	Moreover , we propose to implement this new way of communication in optical lattices where all the requirements of our proposal have already been achieved .
This work was accomplished as a part of the 2nd high lift prediction workshop .	In-house meshes were constructed with increasing mesh density for analysis .
The restrictions of target -- space duality are imposed at the perturbative level on the holomorphic Wilsonian couplings that encode certain higher-order gravitational interactions in $ N=2 , D=4 $ heterotic string compactifications .	A crucial role is played by non-holomorphic corrections .
Conversely , transmission spikes in the GP trough , and the evolution of the \lya galaxy luminosity function indicate $ x_ { HI } & lt ; 0.5 $ at $ z\sim 6.5 $ , while the large scale polarization of the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) implies a significant ionization fraction extending to higher redshifts , $ z \sim 11 \pm 3 $ .	The results suggest that reionization is less an event than a process , with the process beginning as early as $ z \sim 14 $ , and with the 'percolation ' , or 'overlap ' phase ending at $ z \sim 6 $ .
In a standard 6-parameter LCDM analysis we find the QUaD TT power spectrum to be in good agreement with previous results .	However , the QUaD polarization data shows some tension with LCDM .
Several quantum critical compounds have been argued to have multiple instabilities towards orders with distinct dynamical exponents .	We present an analysis of a quantum multicritical point in an itinerant magnet with competition between ferro- and antiferromagnetic order , modelled using Hertz-Millis theory .
This paper outlines a framework for the study of innovation that treats discoveries as additions to evolving networks .	As inventions enter they expand or limit the reach of the ideas they build on by influencing how successive discoveries use those ideas .
We propose a mechanism to produce fluctuations in the viscosity parameter ( $ \alpha $ ) in differetially rotating discs .	We carried out a nonlinear analysis of a general accretion flow , where any perturbation on the background $ \alpha $ was treated as a passive/slave variable in the sense of dynamical system theory .
The simplest example comes from the fixed points of a group action $ M^G \subset M $ , and subfactors can be thought of as fixed points of more general group-like algebraic structures .	These algebraic structures are closely related to tensor categories and have played important roles in knot theory , quantum groups , statistical mechanics , and topological quantum field theory .
To test the nature of the SW extension we fit the data assuming different models of source morphology .	The best fit is achieved with a diffuse source of elliptical shape , although an acceptable fit can be achieved assuming an additional point source SW of the cluster core .
A robot is essentially a real-time , distributed embedded system .	Often , control and communication paths within the system are tightly coupled to the actual physical configuration of the robot .
To adhere to sociological observations , we introduce a loss function ( G-MITRE ) able to deal with the complexity of evaluating group detection performances .	We show our algorithm achieves state-of-the-art results when relying on both ground truth trajectories and tracklets previously extracted by available detector/tracker systems .
The structure optimization and calculation of the electronic structure , vertical ionization potential , and the electron affinity are performed at the all electron level by the analytic Slater-Roothaan method , using polarized Gaussian basis set of double zeta quality .	All structures are energetically stable with binding energy of about 10-11 eV per AlN pair .
How coupling between stochastic expression and cell cycle impacts cell-to-cell variability ( noise ) in the level of protein is not well understood .	We analyze a model , where a stable protein is synthesized in random bursts , and the frequency with which bursts occur varies within the cell cycle .
Infinite sets of models that satisfy the Bianchi identities and flux quantization conditions can be constructed by letting their background flux quanta grow without bound .	Even though we do not have a general proof , we find that all examples are at the boundary of the theory 's validity : the Donaldson-Uhlenbeck-Yau equations , which can be thought of as vanishing D-term conditions , can not be satisfied inside the Kaehler cone unless a growing number of scalar Vacuum Expectation Values ( VEVs ) is switched on .
The main result is a formula for the generalized eigenfunctions of transition operators of the process killed after exiting the half-line .	A generalized eigenfunction expansion of the transition operators is derived .
These results are better than similar observing campaigns using standard CCD imagers .	This paper discusses our observational techniques and presents initial results for the variability statistics found in NGC 2301 .
We advance a new viewpoint on the connection between the the thermodynamical and cosmological arrows of time , which can be traced via the properties of Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) radiation .	We show that in the Friedmann-Robertson-Walker Universe with negative curvature there is a necessary ingredient for the existence of the thermodynamical arrow of time .
We consider the cases where one , two , or all three of those boundary data are employed as boundary control inputs .	The system is first linearized around the origin and the corresponding linear system is shown to be exactly boundary controllable if using two or three boundary control inputs .
Each player i needs at least one set of a predefined family S_i in 2^E to be available .	Thus , resource buying games can be seen as a variant of congestion games in which the load-dependent costs of the resources can be shared arbitrarily among the players .
We suggest that the term `` hidden momentum '' be abandoned .	Here we use the relativistic conservation law for the center of energy to give an unambiguous definition of the `` internal momentum of a system , '' and then we exhibit this internal momentum for the system of a magnet ( modeled as a circular ring of moving charges ) and a distant static point charge .
The one-loop order results for the quark-photon ( color singlet form factor ) and quark-gluon ( color non-singlet form factor ) vertices are presented .	The explicit expressions for the vacuum averaged contour integrals in $ g^2 $ accuracy are derived for an arbitrary gauge field .
We find that the mass of T~19K dust in UGC 10445 is surprisingly large , with a lower limit of 3 x 10^6 M_solar .	We explore the implications of having such a high dust content on the nature and evolution of the galaxy .
For a single junction , we find that for coherent and incoherent phonons the optimal thermal conductance occurs when the matching $ \Gamma ( \omega ) $ equals the Geometric Mean ( GM ) of the contact broadenings .	This criteria favors the transmission of both low and high frequency phonons by requiring that ( 1 ) the low frequency acoustic impedance of the junction matches that of the two contacts by minimizing the sum of interfacial resistances ; and ( 2 ) the cut-off frequency is near the minimum of the two contacts , thereby reducing the spillage of the states into the tunneling regime .
Molecular static simulations of 190 symmetric tilt grain boundaries in HCP metals were used to understand the energetics of vacancy segregation , which is important for designing stable interfaces in harsh environments .	Simulation results show that the local arrangements of grain boundaries and the resulting structural units have a significant influence on the magnitude of vacancy binding energies , and the site-to-site variation within each boundary is substantial .
In the first part of this article , we review the observational evidence for spirals in the accretion discs of cataclysmic variables .	It is shown that with the increasing amount of data available , spirals appear to be an omnipresent feature of accretion discs in outburst .
From the VERA observations we measured the annual parallax and proper mo- tion of a bright water maser spot in K 3-35 .	The resulting distance is D = 3.9+0.7 kpc .
However , such methods fail when the detection rate of common-lines is too low due to the high level of noise in the images .	An approximation to the least squares global self consistency error was obtained using convex relaxation by semidefinite programming .
A simple scaling analysis predicts how the island densities change as a function of the frequency of the chopped flux in simple cases where aggregation is irreversible .	These predictions are confirmed by computer simulations .
Ferromagnetism and superconductivity are in most cases adverse .	However , recent experiments reveal that they coexist at interfaces of LaAlO3 and SrTiO3 .
We discuss growing evidence that pulsar high energy is emission is generated via Inverse Compton mechanism .	We reproduce the broadband spectrum of Crab pulsar , from UV to very high energy gamma-rays - nearly ten decades in energy , within the framework of the cyclotron-self-Compton model .
These spectral features are due to the interaction of the radiation with surface plasmon modes .	The high transmittivity and the negative value of the dielectric constant at selected frequencies make our substrateless structures ideal candidates for the fabrication of mid-infrared metamaterials .
The ASCA spectra of these sources , acquired on these occasions , were all described successfully as optically-thick emission from standard accretion disks around black holes .	This confirms previous ASCA works which explained ULXs as mass-accreting massive black-hole binaries .
We show that the luminosity profile computed with bright galaxies is significantly cusped in the center of the clusters , whatever the redshift .	This is in agreement with the dark matter profiles predicted by numerical simulations .
We present a simple direct discretization for functionals used in the variational mesh generation and adaptation .	Meshing functionals are discretized on simplicial meshes and the Jacobian matrix of the continuous coordinate transformation is approximated by the Jacobian matrices of affine mappings between elements .
We summarize the spectral characteristics of a sample of 22 bright gamma-ray bursts detected with the gamma-ray burst sensors aboard the satellite Ginga .	This instrument employed a proportional and scintillation counter to provide sensitivity to photons in the 2 - 400 keV range , providing a unique opportunity to characterize the largely unexplored X-ray properties of gamma-ray bursts .
We study properties of semi-elementary imsets and elementary imsets introduced by Studeny ( 2005 ) .	The rules of the semi-graphoid axiom ( decomposition , weak union and contraction ) for conditional independence statements can be translated into a simple identity among three semi-elementary imsets .
A previously developed field-theoretic model [ R.D .	Coalson et al. , J. Chem.Phys .
The lowest order secularity conditions from the multiscale expansion give a partial differential equation of the form of the nonlinear Schrodinger ( NLS ) equation .	If the starting lattice equation is integrable then the resulting NLS equation turns out to be integrable , while if the starting equation is linearizable we get a linear Schrodinger equation .
We demonstrate an unusual collapse effect in the spectrum of the normal single-particle spectral function at the particular high-symmetry point corresponding to the specific bunching-point solution of the chemical potential in the Frenkel channel .	We show that at the low-temperature limit the anomalous spectral function obeys a concave like structure , which is directly related to the interlayer pair formation and condensation .
We consider two mechanisms of spin relaxation in disordered graphene .	i ) Spin relaxation due to curvature spin orbit coupling caused by ripples .
However , experimental constraints can be satisfied if we exempt the Higgs bosons from flowing to zero mass value at the high scale .	We survey the theoretical constructions that allow this , and investigate the collider and dark matter consequences .
A renormalization approach has been used by Eckmann , Koch and Wittwer in a computer-assisted proof of existence of a conservative renormalization fixed point .	Furthermore , it has been shown by Gaidashev , Johnson and Martens that infinitely renormalizable maps in a neighborhood of this fixed point admit invariant Cantor sets with vanishing Lyapunov exponents on which dynamics for any two maps is smoothly conjugate .
Densely-packed bundles of biological filaments ( filamentous proteins ) are common and critical structural elements in range of biological materials .	While most bundles form from intrinsically straight filaments , there are notable examples of protein filaments possessing a natural , or intrinsic , curvature , such as the helical bacterial flagellum .
We study the multiple solutions of the truncated propagator Dyson-Schwinger equation for a simple fermion theory with Yukawa coupling to a scalar field .	Upon increasing the coupling constant $ g $ , other parameters being fixed , more than one non-perturbative solution breaking chiral symmetry becomes possible and we find these numerically .
We provide an analytical estimate for the RKKY interaction .	At low temperatures the spin is partially screened by the conduction electrons to N/2-1/2 due to the Kondo effect .
Our goal is to derive a functional that describes the probability of undetected error under natural physical assumptions concerning transmission with error detection over the depolarizing channel .	We discuss possible transmission protocols with stabilizer and unrestricted quantum codes .
In this paper , we tackle the problem of multiple query optimization ( MQO ) .	We show how an MQO problem instance can be transformed into a mathematical formula that complies with the restrictive input format accepted by the quantum annealer .
We discuss the requirements for the CLIC 1 beams and a laser backscattering system capable of producing a $ \gamma\gamma $ total ( peak ) luminosity of $ 2.0 ( 0.36 ) \times 10^ { 34 } $ cm $ ^ { -2 } $ s $ ^ { -1 } $ with $ E_ { CM } ( \gamma \gamma ) \sim 115 $ GeV .	We show how CLICHE could be used to measure accurately the mass , $ \bar b b $ , $ WW $ and $ \gamma \gamma $ decays of a light Higgs boson .
In quiescence , the star 's light curve is that of a double sinusoid , arising from the `` ellipsoidal '' distortion of the Roche-lobe-filling secondary .	During superoutburst , common superhumps develop with a period 3-4 % longer than P_orb .
It was proved by Lord Kelvin that such a wake is delimited by a constant angle $ \simeq 19.47^\circ $ .	However a recent study by Rabaud and Moisy based on the observation of airborne images showed that the wake angle seems to decrease as the Froude number $ Fr $ increases , scaling as $ Fr^ { -1 } $ for large Froude numbers .
The 90 % completeness level of the number counts is reached at approximately U = 23.8 , B = 24.0 , V = 23.5 , R = 23.0 , I = 21.0 , J = 20.5 , K = 19.0 .	A scheme is presented to select point sources from these catalogues , by combining the SExtractor parameter CLASS_STAR from all available passbands .
The coherent anomaly analysis of data supports that the vanishing of order parameter and density of isolated particles has the same critical behavior .	In contrast to an earlier prediction , the present approximation does not support the existence of critical behavior in the inactive phase where the frozen density of isolated particles depends on the initial state .
The low-energy properties are subsumed into effective parameters , much like homogeneous one-dimensional systems .	A generic result is the weighted average nature of these parameters , in proportion to the spatial extent of the underlying subunits , pointing to the possibility of `` engineered '' structures .
From a sample of $ 2722 \pm 78 $ $ \Lambda_c^+ $ decaying to the $ pK^-\pi^+ $ final state , we have observed , in the hadroproduction experiment E791 at Fermilab , $ 143 \pm 20 $ $ \Sigma_c^0 $ and $ 122 \pm 18 $ $ \Sigma_c^ { ++ } $ through their decays to $ \Lambda_c^+ \pi^ { \pm } $ .	The mass difference $ M ( \Sigma_c^0 ) - M ( \Lambda_c^+ $ ) is measured to be $ ( 167.38\pm 0.29\pm 0.15 ) { MeV } $ ; for $ M ( \Sigma_c^ { ++ } ) - M ( \Lambda_c^+ ) $ , we find $ ( 167.76\pm 0.29\pm0.15 ) { MeV } $ .
A low matter density decaying vacuum cosmology is proposed on the assumption that the universe 's radius is a complex quantity \hat { R } if it is regarded as having a zero energy-momentum tensor .	But we find that when the radius is real , it contains matter .
Changes in the polarization angle seem to be common in gamma-ray emitting blazars .	Simultaneous differential photometry ( through the B and R bands ) shows no significant variability in the total optical flux .
It is being published now in response to nascent interest in vector combination models of syntax and semantics .	The method used aggressive substitution of contextually similar words and word groups to enable product vectors to stay in the same space as their operands and make entire sentences comparable syntactically , and potentially semantically .
From precise and accurate measurements of one component of the $ 2D $ vector displacement field and very limited information of the second component , the method reconstructs the second component quite accurately .	No a priori knowledge of the heterogeneous distribution of material properties is required .
The variety of correlations that involve the nuclear spin , the direction of the emitted $ \beta $ particle , and the recoil direction of the daughter nucleus allow for relatively simple experiments that give direct bounds on Lorentz violation .	The pertinent observables are decay-rate asymmetries and their dependence on sidereal time .
al. , Nature , 2010 ) and only for connectivity coupling ( E. A. Leicht and R. M. D'Souza , arxiv:09070894 ) .	Here we study , using a percolation approach , a more realistic coupled networks system where both interdependent and interconnected links exist .
We find that a Schmidt-type power law with index N=1.0+-0.2 relates the SFR SD and the H2 SD across our sample of spiral galaxies , i.e. , that H2 forms stars at a constant efficiency in spirals .	The average molecular gas depletion time is ~2*10^9 yrs .
We show that M is a reduced complete intersection with n+1 irreducible components , which we describe .	There is a distinguished Lagrangian subvariety Nil in M. We introduce a category , C , of D-modules whose characteristic variety is contained in Nil .
We include realistic models for photometric errors and completeness in our synthetic CMDs .	As expected , for simple simple stellar populations dominated by old stars , the RGB provides a very accurate estimate of the modular metallicity value for a population .
In this paper we show that under the assumption of the existence of a uniform additive model error term , ABC algorithms give exact results when sufficient summaries are used .	This interpretation allows the approximation made in many previous application papers to be understood , and should guide the choice of metric and tolerance in future work .
Moreover , we prove a positive mass theorem for this new mass for asymptotically hyperbolic graphs and establish a relationship between the corresponding Penrose type inequality for this mass and weighted Alexandrov-Fenchel inequalities in the hyperbolic space $ \H^n $ .	In the second part , we establish these weighted Alexandrov-Fenchel inequalities in $ \H^n $ for any horospherical convex hypersurface $ \Sigma $ .
Recently Galv\~ { a } o and Hardy have shown that quantum cloning can improve the performance of some quantum computation tasks .	However such performance enhancement is possible only if quantum correlations survive the cloning process .
Within the rotated frame , we have built a perturbation scheme , assuming that the longitudinal non-Abelian field component dominates the transverse ones , to be evaluated to second-order .	The geometry embedded in the longitudinal gauge vector field and its curl , the geometric magnetic field , is described by the associated Aharonov-Bohm phase .
From a Boltzmann sum decomposition and the operator-state correspondence , the leading correction is related to a certain two-point correlation function of the operator ( not equal to the identity ) with smallest scaling dimension .	More specifically , via a conformal map , the correction can be expressed in terms of the two-point function on a certain conical space with opening angle $ 2\pi n $ .
The mysterious solar system object 133P/ ( 7968 ) Elst-Pizarro is dynamically asteroidal , yet displays recurrent comet-like dust emission .	Two scenarios were hypothesized to explain this unusual behavior : ( 1 ) 133P is a classical comet from the outer solar system that has evolved onto a main-belt orbit , or ( 2 ) 133P is a dynamically ordinary main-belt asteroid on which subsurface ice has recently been exposed .
Based on an effective model Hamiltonian with competing antiferromagnetic ( AF ) and d-wave superconductivity ( DSC ) interactions , the vortex charge in high T_c superconductors is investigated by solving self-consistently the Bogoliubov-de Gennes equations .	We found that the vortex charge is always negative when a sufficient strength of AF order is induced inside the vortex core , otherwise , the vortex charge is positive .
What is known as `` Hilbert 's hotel '' is a story of an imaginary hotel with infinitely many rooms that illustrates the bizarre consequences of assuming an actual infinity of objects or events .	Since the 1970s it has been used in a variety of arguments , some of them relating to cosmology and others to philosophy and theology .
Neutrosophic set is a part of neutrosophy which studies the origin , nature , and scope of neutralities , as well as their interactions with different ideational spectra .	Neutrosophic set is a powerful general formal framework that has been recently proposed .
We also discuss the twisted reduced model with single adjoint Wilson fermion .	The string tension remains finite as the quark mass decreases to zero , supporting that this is the confining theory .
As in other settings , it remains uncertain whether small scale dynamo action is present in the astrophysical limit where $ { \rm P_ { \rm m } } & lt ; & lt ; 1 $ and magnetic Reynolds number $ { \rm R_m } \gg 1 $ .	The question is discussed in the context of the strong effect that external stray fields are observed to have in generating and maintaining dynamo action in other numerical and laboratory systems , and in connection with the type-II hypertransient behavior of dynamo action observed in the absence of such external fields .
It is found that the GDR spectrum is highly fragmented into several apparent peaks due to the $ \alpha $ structure .	The different $ \alpha $ cluster configurations in $ ^ { 12 } $ C and $ ^ { 16 } $ O have corresponding characteristic spectra of GDR .
The system is unusual in that the earlier-type primary is bluer in J-Ks than the later-type secondary , whereas the reverse is expected for binaries in the late-L to T dwarf range .	This remarkable color reversal can possibly be explained by very different cloud properties between the two components .
After quantization and solving the Wheeler-DeWitt equation can obtain the exact solution .	By superposition of the exact solution , we obtained one wave packets and used it to compute the expectation value of the scale factor .
The consistency of loop regularization ( LORE ) method is explored in multiloop calculations .	A key concept of the LORE method is the introduction of irreducible loop integrals ( ILIs ) which are evaluated from the Feynman diagrams by adopting the Feynman parametrization and ultraviolet-divergence-preserving ( UVDP ) parametrization .
Importantly , the proposed method preserves the unnormalized outputs whenever the normalization is updated to avoid instability caused by non-stationarity .	It can be combined with any learning algorithm and any non-linear function approximation , including the important special case of deep learning .
This is a complex problem during the healthcare decision-making process .	To solve this problem , the building a healthcare data warehouse seems to be efficient .
The exclusive electroproduction of rho-0 mesons was studied with the HERMES spectrometer at the DESY laboratory by scattering 27.6 GeV positron and electron beams off a transversely polarized hydrogen target .	Spin density matrix elements for this process were determined from the measured production- and decay-angle distributions of the produced rho-0 mesons .
The bit selection and core switching is made by flowing currents along two orthogonal addressing electrode lines chosen among the other crossed electrodes .	Tailored pulse-type rotating magnetic fields are used for efficiently switching a vortex core only at the intersection of the two orthogonal electrodes .
Our formalism treats the projectile electron and the nuclear motion of the target molecule on the same footing whereby the dynamical optical potential rigorously accounts for the complex many-body nature of the scattering target .	One central result of the present work is that the common fixed-nuclei optical potential is a valid adiabatic approximation to the dynamical optical potential even when projectile and nuclear motion are ( nonadiabatically ) coupled as long as the scattering energy is well below the electronic excitation thresholds of the target .
Using data from invasive electroencephalogram recordings from humans we show that during epileptic seizure attacks neuronal activity patterns deviate from the normally observed power-law distribution characterizing critical dynamics .	The comparison of these observations to results from a computational model exhibiting self-organized criticality ( SOC ) based on adaptive networks allows further insights into the underlying dynamics .
The economic dispatch problem is considered for unbalanced three-phase power distribution networks entailing both non-deferrable and elastic loads , and distributed generation ( DG ) units .	The objective is to minimize the costs of power drawn from the main grid and supplied by the DG units over a given time horizon , while meeting the overall load demand and effecting voltage regulation .
By combining both UV and optical data we can measure helium variation .	We quantify this enhancement for NGC288 and find that its variation is typical of what we have come to expect in other clusters .
Recent studies suggest that the cold dark matter model predicts cores that are denser than those observed in galaxies , groups and clusters .	One possible resolution of the discrepancy is that the dark matter has strong interactions ( SIDM ) , which leads to lower central densities .
The RF modulation studies on an S-band SLED are presented in this paper .	Furthermore , a method is developed by using the CST Microwave Studio transient solver to simulate the time response of the pulse compressor , which can be a verification of the modulate theory .
It will be possible to observe the existence of the tau neutrino , measure its mixing with other flavors , in fact test the mixing pattern for all three flavors based upon the mixing parameters suggested by the atmospheric and solar neutrino data , and measure the tau neutrino cross section .	The key signature is the charged current tau neutrino interaction , which produces a double cascade , one at either end of a lightly radiating track .
We then predict the onset of an interaction-driven spontaneous Quantum Valley Hall effect ( QVHE ) below a critical temperature of the order of $ 0.05 $ K. The transverse ( Hall ) valley conductivity is evaluated exactly and shown to coincide with the one in the usual Quantum Hall effect .	Finally , by considering the effects of PQED , we show that the electron self-energy is such that a set of P- and T- symmetric gapped electron energy eigenstates are dynamically generated , in association with the QVHE .
An injection of energy into the early Universe on a given characteristic length scale will result in turbulent motions of the primordial plasma .	We calculate the stochastic background of gravitational radiation arising from a period of cosmological turbulence , using a simple model of isotropic Kolmogoroff turbulence produced in a cosmological phase transition .
We propose two new types of queries for searching similar sub-structures on the structural database : LSPM ( Local Spatial Pattern Matching ) and RLSPM ( Reverse LSPM ) .	Between two types of queries , we focus on RLSPM problem , because it is more practical and general than LSPM .
We extend earlier results of other authors to general circumburst density profiles .	We rederive the physical parameters of GRB 970508 and compare with other authors
The thermal balance of neutron stars is re-analyzed to incorporate phase transitions and the related latent heat self-consistently , and numerical calculations are undertaken to simultaneously evolve the stellar structure and temperature distribution .	We find that the changes in stellar structure and chemical composition with the introduction of a pure quark matter phase in the core delay the cooling and produce a period of increasing surface temperature for strongly superfluid stars of strong and intermediate magnetic field strength .
Hybridization of spin -- split quantum -- wire subbands leads to an unusual spin structure where the direction of motion for electrons can fix their spin state .	This peculiar property has important ramifications for linear transport in the quantum wire , giving rise to spin accumulation without magnetic fields or ferromagnetic contacts .
As a result , bell solitons are obtained as exact solutions , which is further verified by the numerical solution of the dynamical equation .	The stability of the soliton is established and its behaviour in the entire crossover domain is obtained .
We consider a high-energy parton which flies across such an unstable plasma , and the energy transfer between the parton and the medium is studied as an initial value problem .	In the case of equilibrium plasmas , the well-known formula of collisional energy loss is reproduced .
We further describe a simple `` bit-doubling modular inversion '' scheme , which allows the entire iterative computation of the mod-inverse required by the Montgomery multiply at arbitrarily large precision to be performed with cost less than that of a single Newtonian iteration performed at the full precision of the final result .	We also show how the Montgomery-multiply-based powering can be efficiently used in Mersenne and Fermat-number trial factorization via direct computation of a modular inverse power of 2 , without any need for explicit radix-mod scalings .
The excitations of the chain have a mixed exciton-photon character and are described as polaritons .	Polaritons are coupled to the lattice by the deformation potential interaction and can propagate in the chain .
The new design compared with the conventional neutron source design , the thermal neutron flux and rate were increased by 3.02 times and 3.27 times .	Results indicate that the use of this design should increase the neutron flux of prompt gamma-ray neutron activation analysis significantly .
With one low significance CO detection ( 3.5 sigma ) and one sensitive upper limit , we find that the CO lines are & gt ; ~ 3-4 times weaker than expected based on the relation between IR and CO luminosities followed by similarly , massive galaxies at z=0-2.5 .	This is consistent with a scenario in which these galaxies have low metallicity , causing an increased CO-to-H_2 conversion factor , i.e. , weaker CO-emission for a given molecular ( H_2 ) mass .
Let $ X $ be a hyperkaehler manifold .	Trianalytic subvarieties of $ X $ are subvarieties which are complex analytic with respect to all complex structures induced by the hyperkaehler structure .
The mechanism for driving this mass loss remains unknown , although radiation pressure mediated by spectral lines is a leading candidate .	Here , we calculate the ionization state of , and emergent spectra for , the hydrodynamic simulation of a line-driven disk wind previously presented by Proga & amp ; Kallman ( 2004 ) .
In three cases ( NGC 1097 , NGC 1808 and NGC 5728 ) , the velocity dispersion displays a significant drop at the nucleus , a rarely observed phenomenon .	We also detect kinematical asymmetries ( m=1 mode ) along the nuclear bar major-axis of NGC 1808 and NGC 5728 , dynamical counterparts of corresponding asymmetries in the surface brightness .
Let X -- & gt ; Y denote the corresponding quotient map .	Then JX is isogenous to the product of JY with the Prym variety of X/Y .
This Pomeranchuck instability competes with ferromagnetism and is suppressed at a critical value of U ( V ) .	The interaction V renormalizes the t ' parameter to smaller values what favours nesting .
The estimates we obtain improve our knowledge of the convergence to the asymptotic shape .	Our proofs rely on concentration inequalities proved by Boucheron , Lugosi and Massart , and also on the approximation theory of subadditive functions initiated by Alexander .
We modeled the electron and hole states in Si/SiO2 quantum wells within a basis of standing waves using the 30-band k.p theory .	The hard-wall confinement potential is assumed , and the influence of the peculiar band structure of bulk silicon on the quantum-well sub-bands is explored .
Instead of considering diffusion ( Brownian dynamics ) , we use a Metropolis algorithm to derive an OM-like functional .	Through the lens of the Metropolis algorithm , we are able to elucidate the errors made when using a nonzero time increment .
The environment is known to affect the formation and evolution of galaxies considerably best visible through the well-known morphology-density relationship .	We study the effect of environment on the evolution of early-type galaxies for a sample of 3,360 galaxies morphologically selected by visual inspection from the SDSS in the redshift range 0.05 & lt ; z & lt ; 0.06 , and analyse luminosity-weighted age , metallicity , and alpha/Fe ratio as function of environment and galaxy mass .
It is shown here that under a certain condition on the initial data , the J-flow converges to a critical metric .	This is a generalization to higher dimensions of the author 's previous work on Kahler surfaces .
Let $ k $ be a field , $ K $ a finite extension of $ k $ and $ \Lambda $ a $ k $ -algebra .	Then any $ K\otimes_k\Lambda $ -module is also a $ \Lambda $ -module .
In telecommunications , this is particularly useful to clarify how the modulations work .	This paper addresses rotating phasor pathways derived from different standard Amplitude Modulation Systems ( e.g.A3E , H3E , J3E , C3F ) .
Both transforms output the sequence of the last letters of the sorted list and the index of the input within the sorted list .	In this paper , we discuss a bijective variant of the BWT ( due to Scott ) , proving its correctness and relations to other results due to Gessel and Reutenauer ( 1993 ) and Crochemore , Desarmenien , and Perrin ( 2005 ) .
Standard dynamics of gauge unified theories ( including fermions ) and their SSB appear if a four index field strength condensate is present .	At a vacuum state there is exact balance to zero of the gauge fields condensate and the original scalar fields potential .
A ( Hasse ) diagram of a finite partially ordered set ( poset ) P will be called quasiplanar if for any two incomparable elements u and v , either v is on the left of all maximal chains containing u , or v is on the right of all these chains .	Every planar diagram is quasiplanar , and P has a quasiplanar diagram iff its order dimension is at most 2 .
In this diploma thesis vector field is constructed on $ R \times S^3 $ .	The free lagrangian on the curved space is invariant under conformal transformations of the dynamical field $ A_m ( x ) $ .
A biased random walk particle simulation , motivated by the viscous Burgers equation , serves as an example .	We construct macro-to-micro ( lifting ) and micro-to-macro ( restriction ) operators , and drive the coarse time-evolution by particle simulations in appropriately coupled microdomains ( teeth ) separated by large spatial gaps .
We derive predictions for the Nadir angle ( theta_n ) dependence of the ratio Nmu-/Nmu+ of the rates of the mu- and mu+ multi-GeV events , and for the mu- - mu+ event rate asymmetry , A_ { mu-mu+ } = [ Nmu- - Nmu+ ] / [ Nmu- + Nmu+ ] , in iron-magnetized calorimeter detectors ( MINOS , INO ) in the case of 3-neutrino oscillations of the atmospheric nu_mu and antinu_mu , driven by one neutrino mass squared difference , |Delta m^2_ { 31 } | & gt ; & gt ; Delta m^2_ { 21 } .	The asymmetry A_ { mu- mu+ } ( the ratio Nmu-/Nmu+ ) is shown to be particularly sensitive to the Earth matter effects in the atmospheric neutrino oscillations , and thus to the values of sin^2 ( theta13 ) and sin^2 ( theta23 ) , theta13 and theta23 being the neutrino mixing angles limited by the CHOOZ and Palo Verde experiments and that responsible for the dominant atmospheric nu_mu - & gt ; nu_tau ( antinu_mu - & gt ; antinu_tau ) oscillations .
Number Theory 129 ( 2009 ) , 59-83 .	] , in which we introduced Drinfeld modular polynomials of higher rank , using an analytic construction .
Rashba interactions are symmetry allowed whenever a 2DES is not invariant under reflections through the plane it occupies .	In this paper , we use a tight-binding model informed by ab initio electronic structure calculations to develop a theory of Rashba splitting in the t2g bands of the two- dimensional electron systems formed at cubic perovskite crystal surfaces and interfaces .
Then I will briefly explain the implementation of string gas thermodynamics in cosmology , showing a simple example which gives rise to a radiation-dominated early universe .	Further phenomenological issues and open questions will be discussed qualitatively with references indicated , including the Hagedorn instability in the resolution of the initial singularity , moduli stabilization , generation of hierarchy , radiative symmetry breaking and primordial cosmological fluctuations .
A theory is presented for the behavior of an array of multi-lamellar vesicles ( the onion phase ) upon addition of solvent .	A unique feature of this system is the possibility to sustain pressure gradients by tension in the lamellae .
The relation between super-Virasoro anomaly and super-Weyl anomaly in $ N=1 $ NSR superstring coupled with 2D supergravity is investigated from canonical theoretical view point .	The WZW action canceling the super-Virasoro anomaly is explicitly constructed .
Only the lowest level is ghost-free , but for M & gt ; 0 there are no ghosts in the first [ 2M ] +1 levels .	When 2M is an integer , the ( [ 2M ] + 1 ) th level states form short supermultiplets as a consequence of a fermionic gauge invariance analogous to the `` kappa-symmetry '' of the superparticle .
This original approach of Harish-Chandra to a determination of all $ H $ has largely been abandoned because one knows very little about generators of $ U ( \frak { g } ) ^K $ .	Generators of $ U ( \frak { g } ) ^K $ are given by generators of the symmetric algebra analogue $ S ( \frak { g } ) ^K $ .
Although they vary in maturity and scope , in order to avoid past pitfalls , these efforts seek to treat security and privacy as fundamental requirements .	Resilience to Denial-of-Service ( DoS ) attacks that plague today 's Internet is a major issue for any new architecture and deserves full attention .
For the Milky Way , we found that the ratio between the past and current star formation rates is about 2-3 , averaged over the disc , but it varies substantially with radius .	In the other disc galaxies there is a clear dependency of this ratio with galaxy stellar mass and Hubble type , with more constant star formation histories for small galaxies of later type .
By exploring the evolutions of single-photon polarization states and two-photon polarization-entangled states , we find that different frequency spectrum envelopes of photons induce different decoherence processes .	A white frequency spectrum can lead the decoherence to an ideal Markovian process .
Several possible scenarios for these mass matrices that are compatible with neutrino data are considered .	In the SM-seesaw case , very small branching ratios are found for all studied scenarios .
Spectra for stars located redward of the fiducial red giant branches of the Ursa Minor and Draco dwarf spheroidal galaxies have been obtained with the Hobby-Eberly telescope and the Marcario Low Resolution Spectrometer .	From a comparison of our radial velocities with those reported in previous medium-resolution studies , we find an average difference of 10 km/s with a standard deviation of 11 km/s .
The largest flux change , about a factor of about 4 , occurred in the X-ray band .	The smallest was at ultraviolet and near-infrared frequencies , where the rate of the detected photons dropped by a factor 1.6-1.9 .
Two sets of high-resolution spectra of R CrB obtained during the 2003 light decline are described .	The first set was obtained on the descending branch of the light curve when V ~12.0 and the second one in the recovery phase with V ~7.5 .
We first describe the important physical processes which trigger the collapse of a self-gravitating piece of fluid and regulate the star formation rate in molecular clouds .	Then we review the various theories which have been proposed along the years to explain the origin of the stellar initial mass function paying particular attention to four models , namely the competitive accretion and the theories based respectively on stopped accretion , MHD shocks and turbulent dispersion .
The high-temperature limit of Standard Model generated by the contractions of gauge groups is discussed .	Contraction parameters of gauge group $ SU ( 2 ) $ of Electroweak Model and gauge group $ SU ( 3 ) $ of Quantum Chromodynamics are taken identical and tending to zero when temperature increase .
By adjusting the gate-voltage we reduce the terpyridine moiety and thereby strengthen the ligand-field on the Mn-atom .	Adding a single electron thus stabilizes the low-spin configuration and the corresponding sequential tunnelling current is suppressed by spin-blockade .
We address the question whether the lightest scalar mesons sigma and kappa are tetraquarks , as is strongly supported by many phenomenological studies .	We present a search for possible light tetraquark states with J^PC=0^++ and I=0 , 1/2 , 3/2 , 2 on the lattice .
They cosist of local- and non-local-potentials due to ( i ) one-boson-exchange ( OBE ) , pseudo-scalar- , vector- , scalar- , and axial-vector-nonets , ( ii ) diffractive exchanges , ( iii ) two-pseudoscalar-exchange , and ( iv ) meson-pair-exchange ( MPE ) .	Fits to the pp- and np-data for 0 & lt ; T ( lab ) & lt ; 350 MeV have typical \chi^2/Ndata= 1.15 .
We argue that the gamma rays are predominantly hadronic in origin , as expected by previous studies .	The measured fluxes imply that pionic losses are efficient for CR protons in both galaxies : we show that a fraction F_cal ~ 0.2 - 0.4 of the energy injected in high energy primary CR protons is lost to inelastic proton-proton collisions ( pion production ) before escape , producing gamma rays , neutrinos , and secondary electrons and positrons .
The determination of a patient 's DNA sequence can , in principle , reveal an increased risk to fall ill with particular diseases [ 1,2 ] and help to design `` personalized medicine '' [ 3 ] .	Moreover , statistical studies and comparison of genomes [ 4 ] of a large number of individuals are crucial for the analysis of mutations [ 5 ] and hereditary diseases , paving the way to preventive medicine [ 6 ] .
To this end we define a Lie algebra operator vessel and a linear overdetermined system on an associated simply connected Lie group , $ \mathfrak { G } $ .	We develop the frequency domain theory of the system in terms of representations of $ \mathfrak { G } $ .
In low dimensional state spaces , methods based on Sequential Importance Sampling ( SIS ) can suitably approximate the posterior pdf .	For higher dimensional problems , however , these techniques are usually inappropriate since the required number of particles to achieve satisfactory estimates grows exponentially with the dimension of state space .
The original 34'x34 ' WINGS field-of- view has now been extended to cover a 1 sq.deg field with both photometry and spectroscopy .	In this paper we present the Johnson B and V-band OmegaCAM/VST observations of 46 WINGS clusters , together with the data reduction , data quality and Sextractor photometric catalogs .
We generalise the concept of a Steinberg cross-section to non-connected Kac-Moody group .	As in the connected case , which was treated by G. Br\ '' uchert , a quotient map w.r.t the conjugacy action exists only on a certain submonoid of the Kac-Moody group .
The proposed power controller is proved to preserve Gaussianity of local estimate innovation , which enables us to obtain a closed-form solution of the expected state estimation error covariance .	Comparisons with alternative non data-driven controllers demonstrate performance improvement using our approach .
In both cases we use a tight-binding Su-Schrieffer-Heeger Hamiltonian and the inelastic effects are treated with a multi-channel method , including Pauli exclusion principle .	In the case of the H $ _2 $ molecule , we find that inelastic backscattering is responsible for the drop of the differential conductance at biases larger than the excitation energy of the lower of the molecular phonon modes .
The functionality of a programmable circuit can be altered by simply changing the angle values of the rotation gates in the circuit .	Here , we present a new quantum circuit design technique resulting in two general programmable circuit schemes .
Current approaches , whose complexity is so high that their practical applicability is limited , either require the existence of extra network resources like virtual channels , or they affect the performance of the network during the reconfiguration process .	In this paper we present a simple , fast and efficient mechanism for dynamic network reconfiguration which is based on regressive deadlock recoveries instead of avoiding deadlocks .
In epitaxial films , the maximum mobility was 70 cm^2 ( Vs ) ^-1 at a doping level of 4.4x10^20 cm^-3 .	We also show that resistance of ( Ba , La ) SnO3 changes little even after a thermal cycle to 530 Deg .
The conductivity of the nanowires is measured at low temperatures in magnetic fields both perpendicular and parallel to the wire axes .	A quantitative fit of our data is obtained , consistent with the theory of a quasi-one-dimensional metallic system with quantum corrections due to weak localization and electron-electron interactions .
We investigate self-dual vertex operator algebras ( VOAs ) and super algebras ( SVOAs ) .	Using the genus one correlation functions , it is shown that self-dual SVOAs exist only for half-integral central charges .
Moreover , new questions arise that the presently-available data , nor those that will be available in a near future , will be able to answer .	In this paper some of these problems will be discussed , as well as the experimental guidelines for their clarification .
In fact , extending this computation is not straightforward , due both to the factorial proliferation of relevant diagrams and the increasing dimensionality of their associated integrals ; in any case , this task can be reasonably carried on only in the framework of an automated environment .	On the road towards the creation of such an environment , we here show how a strategy closely inspired by that of Nickel and coworkers can be stated in algorithmic form , and successfully implemented on the computer .
The results from both analyses indicate the prediction of the neutrino flux component of the pre-dominately anti-neutrino beam is over-estimated - the CC1 $ \pip $ analysis indicates the predicted $ \numu $ flux should be scaled by $ 0.76 \pm 0.11 $ , while the CCQE angular fit yields $ 0.65 \pm 0.23 $ .	The energy spectrum of the flux prediction is checked by repeating the analyses in bins of reconstructed neutrino energy , and the results show that the spectral shape is well modeled .
The Ly-alpha emission is offset approximately 200 km/s from the DLA velocity , which could be explained as the rotational signature of a disk galaxy .	We also report on the progress of an ongoing near-infrared narrow-band search with the Keck telescope for line emission from a population of primeval galaxies at high redshift .
This produces examples of quasi-regular Sasaki-Einstein structures on every # k ( S^2 xS^3 ) , for k odd .	Toric geometry is used to construct examples of positive Ricci curvature toric Sasaki structures on non-spin 5-manifolds .
The quantum smoothing theory [ Tsang , Phys.Rev.Lett .	102 , 250403 ( 2009 ) ; Phys.Rev .
In this paper we review the fundamental assumptions and derivation of breakup and coalescence ker- nels .	Subsequently , we rigorously apply two-stage optimization over several independent sets of experiments in order to identify model parameters .
We find that the Ly Alpha absorption in the spectra of these quasars evolves strongly with redshift .	To z~5.7 , the Ly Alpha absorption evolves as expected from an extrapolation from lower redshifts .
With the recent surge of social networks like Facebook , new forms of recommendations have become possible - personalized recommendations of ads , content , and even new friend and product connections based on one 's social interactions .	Since recommendations may use sensitive social information , it is speculated that these recommendations are associated with privacy risks .
Chem. , 22 ( 2004 ) 1262 ) are critically analyzed .	The purpose of this note is to point out that the presented in these work relations for the integer n -nuclear attraction and kinetic energy integrals which are available in the literature ( C.C.J .
In the literatures , there are two well-known algorithms called Pure Pursuit and Pure Rendezvous navigation in the 3-dimensional space $ \mathbb { R } ^3 $ .	In this paper , these two methods are combined to introduce a novel family of pursuing algorithms called Composed Pursuit Navigation .
This approach , which is at the core of the annotating compiler from a large fragment of C to 8051 assembly of the CerCo project , looses preciseness when differences arise as to the cost of the same portion of code , whether due to code transformation such as loop optimisations or advanced architecture features ( e.g.cache ) .	We propose to address this weakness by formally indexing cost labels with the iterations of the containing loops they occur in .
The proposed cosmological construction is based on the observer past null cone .	A known difficulty in using inhomogeneous models is that the null geodesic equation is not integrable in general .
Different pathways of excitation energy flow are analyzed in terms of the reduced one-exciton density matrix , focussing on the role of vibrational and vibronic excitation .	Distinct features due to both competing time scales of vibrational and exciton motion and vibronically-assisted transfer are observed .
This paper discusses the ATLAS potential to study Supersymmetry for the `` Focus-Point '' region of the parameter space of mSUGRA models .	The potential to discovery a deviation from Standard Model expectations with the first few $ { fb } ^ { -1 } $ of LHC data was studied using the parametrized simulation of the ATLAS detector .
This allows a separation of the original target application and the instrumentation secondary concerns .	One of the goals of this work was the development of a source-to-source C compiler that modifies code according to an input strategy .
The main advance is a proof that in some parameter range there is a branch of asymmetric solutions connecting the branch of symmetric solutions to the normal state .	Also , simplified proofs are presented for some local bifurcation results of Bolley and Helffer .
PSR B1259-63/SS2883 is a binary system which consists of a 48-ms radio pulsar and a massive star in a highly eccentric orbit with a period of about 3.4 years .	Non-pulsed and non-thermal emissions from this binary have been reported in the radio , X-ray and TeV gamma-ray energy ranges .
Magnetization data indicated a superparamagnetic-like behavior from room temperature down to T_ { M } ~ 20 K , where a transition to a frozen state is observed .	The M ( H ) curves displayed nearly zero coercive field down to TM , where a sharp increase in the H_C value is observed .
By including a next-neighbor repulsive interaction and projecting onto the lowest lattice Landau level , we show that incompressible ground states exist at filling fractions , $ \nu = 1/3 , 2/5 $ and $ 3/7 $ .	Already for values of $ l_0/a \sim 2 $ where $ l_0 $ ( $ a $ ) is the magnetic length ( lattice constant ) , the lattice version of the $ \nu = 1/3 $ state reproduces with nearly perfect accuracy the the continuum Laughlin state .
However , we find surprising new evidence for a reversal in the direction of the Faraday Rotation gradient across the jet of B1803+784 , for which multi-frequency polarization observations are available at four epochs .	At our three epochs and the epoch of Zavala & amp ; Taylor ( 2003 ) , we observe transverse Rotation Measure ( RM ) gradients across the jet , consistent with the presence of a helical magnetic field wrapped around the jet .
After introducing the $ 1/N_c $ expansion method we first shortly revisit the latest achievements for the ground state properties .	Next we discuss the applicability of this method to excited states , presenting two different approaches with their advantages and disadvantages .
Our main goal is to analyse , using a multiwavelength approach , the nuclear properties of an homogeneous sample of 42 faint BL Lacs , selected , for the first time in literature , with no constraint on their radio and gamma-ray flux densities/emission .	We began asking and obtaining new VLBA observations at 8 and 15 GHz for the whole sample .
The main results of this paper adapt work of Krichever and of Hurtubise to give an interpretation of some Hitchin Hamiltonians as yielding Hamiltonian vector fields on moduli spaces of irregular connections that arise from differences of isomonodromic flows defined in two different ways .	This relies on a realization of open sets in the moduli space of bundles as arising via Hecke modification of a fixed bundle .
In this paper , we consider sparse networks consisting of a finite number of non-overlapping communities , i.e.disjoint clusters , so that there is higher density within clusters than across clusters .	Both the intra- and inter-cluster edge densities vanish when the size of the graph grows large , making the cluster reconstruction problem nosier and hence difficult to solve .
These laws can straightforwardly be extrapolated to the true astrophysical regime .	Our investigation also indicates that thermocompositional `` staircases , '' a key consequence of fingering convection in the ocean , can not form spontaneously in the fingering regime in stellar interiors .
Even in this case , the existing formulations often result in complicated mathematical models from which it is difficult to determine the deflection of the moving plate for given voltages and therefore to predict the necessary applied voltages for actuation control .	This work presents a new method for the modeling of fringing field , in which the effect of fringing field is modeled as a serial capacitor .
The codeposition process yielded junctions that showed the theoretically predicted subgap current and no measurable shunt conductance .	In contrast , devices with barriers formed by thermal oxidation showed a small shunt conductance in addition to the predicted subgap current .
These spin-2 modes have a profile wave-function peaked in the interior of the 5D bulk space-time .	Under the holographic duality , they may be sometimes interpreted as arising purely from the IR dynamics of a strongly coupled QFT living on the AdS boundary .
In the present paper we demonstrate that high sensitivity to variation of the fine structure constant alpha can be obtained by comparing cosmic and laboratory spectra of the Ni II ion .	Relativistic effects in Ni II reveal many interesting features .
The fact that unsupervised gene-detection is possible closely connected to existence of a cluster structure in oligomer frequency distributions .	In this paper we study cluster structure of several genomes in the space of their triplet frequencies , using pure data exploration strategy .
We present a global analysis of the B- & gt ; K* ( - & gt ; K pi ) mu+mu- decay using the recent LHCb measurements of the primary observables P_ { 1,2 } and P'_ { 4,5,6,8 } .	Some of them exhibit large deviations with respect to the SM predictions .
A , 76:012307 , 2007 ) that entanglement-based QKD systems can tolerate higher channel losses than systems based on weak coherent laser pulses ( WCP ) , in particular when the source is located symmetrically between the two communicating parties , Alice and Bob .	In the work presented here , we experimentally study this important advantage by implementing different entanglement-based QKD setups on a 144~km free-space link between the two Canary Islands of La Palma and Tenerife .
Open clusters represent especially useful targets to investigate the rotation/activity/age connection .	The open cluster M11 has been studied as a part of the RACE-OC project ( Rotation and ACtivity Evolution in Open Clusters ) , which is aimed at exploring the evolution of rotation and magnetic activity in the late-type members of open clusters with different ages .
This is possible if vertex attributes have discrete values , but many networks exhibit assortative mixing by some continuous-valued attribute , such as age or geographical location .	In such cases , no discrete communities can be identified .
The original work of Zaslovskii { \it et al } showed that the resulting evolution contains a stochastic flow in phase space to unbounded energy .	Subsequent studies have formulated the problem in terms of a relativistically charged particle in interaction with the electromagnetic field .
In the presence of an on -- site Hubbard interaction the system is also unstable towards ferromagnetism .	We explore the competition of the two instabilities and build the phase diagram .
MBASIC consists of two parts : state-space mapping and state-space clustering .	In state-space mapping , it maps observations onto a finite state-space , representing the activation states of units across conditions .
We successfully fit the Mossbauer data in Ba ( Fe1-xNix ) 2As2 in the framework of two different models : 1 ) an incommensurate spin density wave ; 2 ) a dopant-induced perturbation of the Fe polarization , recently proposed to interpret 75As NMR data in Ba ( Fe1-xNix ) 2As2 , which is valid only in the very dilute limit x=0.01 .	Moreover , we show here that these NMR data can also be successfully analysed in terms of the 'incommensurate model ' for all doping contents by using the parameters obtained from the Mossbauer spectral analysis .
The results in this paper address this fundamental issue in the specific context of transcription regulatory networks .	Although simple recurring regulatory motifs have been identified in the past , due to the size and complexity of the connectivity structure , the subdivision of such networks into larger , and possibly inter-connected , regulatory modules is still under investigation .
This is the web based application , here we analysis the network traffic which occurs when the player plays an online game .	Here we are going to trace the current position of the player to rectify the traffic while playing the game .
In this paper , we use permutations and symmetry group to define ?	the tensor transpose .
In the standard Category of Graphs , the graphs allow only one edge to be incident to any two vertices , not necessarily distinct , and the graph morphisms must map edges to edges and vertices to vertices while preserving incidence .	We refer to these graph morphisms as Strict Morphisms .
This study aims at improving the accuracy of mitosis detection by developing a specific solution using multispectral and multifocal imaging of breast cancer histopathological data .	We propose to enable clinical routine-compliant quality of mitosis discrimination from other objects .
We first consider geometrically uniform ( GU ) state sets with a possibly nonabelian generating group , and show that if the generator satisfies a certain constraint , then the LSM is optimal .	In particular , for pure-state GU ensembles the LSM is shown to be optimal .
This article presents a generic method to solve 2D multi-objective placement problem for free-form components .	The proposed method is a relaxed placement technique combined with an hybrid algorithm based on a genetic algorithm and a separation algorithm .
For broad range of initial distributions of couplings and spin sizes the distribution functions approach a single fixed-point form , where delta \approx 0.44 .	For some singular initial distributions , however , fixed-point distributions have non-universal values of delta , suggesting that there is a line of fixed points .
The final two of eight antineutrino detectors were installed in the summer of 2012 .	Including the 404 days of data collected from October 2012 to November 2013 resulted in a total exposure of 6.9 $ \times $ 10 $ ^5 $ GW $ _ { \rm th } $ -ton-days , a 3.6 times increase over our previous results .
We provide evidence and in some cases proofs of this conjecture .	Recently , fermionic formulas for the one dimensional configuration sums associated with tensor products of the finite dimensional $ U_q ' ( g ) $ -modules were conjectured by Hatayama et al .
In bacterial populations , cells are able to cooperate in order to yield complex collective functionalities .	Interest in population-level cellular behaviour is increasing , due to both our expanding knowledge of the underlying biological principles , and the growing range of possible applications for engineered microbial consortia .
A perfect geometrical routing scheme is expected to deliver each packet to the point in the network that is closest to the packet destination .	However greedy routing fails to guarantee such delivery as the greedy forwarding decision sometimes leads the packets to localized minimums .
This paper introduces a symbolic calculus to evaluate the output signals at the target line ( s ) of quantum computing subcircuits using controlled negations and controlled-Q gates , where Q represents the k-th root of [ 0 1 ; 1 0 ] , the unitary matrix of NOT , and k is a power of two .	The controlling signals are GF ( 2 ) expressions possibly including Boolean expressions .
The Dark Energy Survey ( DES ) will use a new imaging camera on the Blanco 4-m telescope at CTIO to image 5000 square degrees of sky in the South Galactic Cap in four optical bands , and to carry out repeat imaging over a smaller area to identify and measure lightcurves of Type Ia supernovae .	The main imaging area overlaps the planned Sunyaev-Zel'dovich survey of the South Pole Telescope .
We show that generally QSE is dominant in affecting the elastic constants of metallic nanostructures while SS is more pronounced in semiconductor and insulator nanostructures .	Our findings have broad implications in quantum aspects of nanomechanics .
It is found that the shower distribution in zenith angle at the energies E & gt ; 10^ { 19 } eV and E & gt ; 4x10^ { 19 } eV differs from each other .	By our estimations , the shower with E & gt ; 10^ { 20 } eV at the Sugar array was not registered .
We describe a multivariate scaling model that enables a fully self-consistent treatment of multiple observational catalogs in the presence of property covariance , and apply this formalism when interpreting published results .	The corrections due to scatter and observable covariance can be significant .
Contrary to some faint field galaxy samples selected using different criteria , over the redshift range observed we find no evidence for significant evolution in rest -- frame $ B-K $ color , space density , or ( rest -- frame $ B $ or $ K $ ) luminosity .	The `` average '' Mg~II absorbing galaxy appears to be consistent with a normal 0.7 $ L_B^ { \ast } $ Sb galaxy having a roughly constant star formation rate since $ z \sim 1 $ , although galaxies spanning a range of a factor of $ \sim 70 $ in luminosity are found in the absorber sample .
Nonequilibrium collective motion is ubiquitous in nature and often results in a rich collection of intringuing phenomena , such as the formation of shocks or patterns , subdiffusive kinetics , traffic jams , and nonequilibrium phase transitions .	These stochastic many-body features characterize transport processes in biology , soft condensed matter and , possibly , also in nanoscience .
Unfortunately , Lavi and Swamy 's decomposition technique relies heavily on the ellipsoid method , which is notorious for its poor practical performance .	To overcome this problem , we present an alternative decomposition technique which yields an $ \alpha ( 1 + \epsilon ) $ approximation and only requires a quadratic number of calls to an integrality gap verifier .
RPWs have always been thought to be radial wave propagation that occurs within sunspots .	Recent research has suggested that they are in fact upwardly propagating field-aligned waves ( UPWs ) .
Our data indicate Zimm behavior at large lengths but short times .	There is no hydrodynamic screening until the chains feel constraints , after which they resist the flow : `` Incomplete screening '' occurs in the time domain .
In this paper , we study the index growth properties of irrational closed geodesics on Finsler manifolds .	This study allows us to extend results in \cite { LoD1 } on rational and in \cite { DuL1 } , \cite { Rad4 } and \cite { Rad5 } on completely non-degenerate closed geodesics on spheres and $ \CP^2 $ to every compact simply connected Finsler manifold .
This equation describes the evolution of a system of identical particles in a mean-field approximation .	The equation for interacting particles in thermodynamic equilibrium was obtained .
The latter is assumed to behave like a power both near the origin and at infinity ( the two powers being possibly different ) .	Our results have direct consequences for the self-adjointness of the linear operator formally given by $ \rho^ { -1 } ( -\Delta ) ^s $ .
We define the Hopf superalgebra U_T sl ( 1,1 ) , which is a variant of the quantum supergroup U_q sl ( 1,1 ) , and its tensor product representations V_1^ { \otimes n } for n & gt ; 0 .	We construct families of DG algebras A , B and R_n , and consider the DG categories DGP ( A ) , DGP ( B ) and DGP ( R_n ) , which are full DG subcategories of the categories of DG A- , B- and R_n-modules generated by certain distinguished projective modules .
Two-body charmless nonleptonic decays of B_u and B_d mesons are studied within the framework of generalized factorization in which the effective Wilson coefficients $ c^ { eff } _i $ are renormalization-scale and -scheme independent while factorization is applied to the tree-level hadronic matrix elements .	Contrary to previous studies , our $ c_i^ { eff } $ do not suffer from gauge and infrared problems .
In this paper , we explicitly derive the well-known values for the BA-model .	To underline the importance of a null model like that of Barabasi and Albert , we close with two basic remarks .
The suggested mechanism is a strong interaction between neutron and proton Cooper pairs , which arises from an assumed U ( 2 ) symmetry of the effective potential , which is supposed to originate in isospin symmetry of the underlying nuclear interactions .	To test this claim , we perform an explicit mean-field calculation of the effective potential of the Cooper pairs in a model with a simple four-point pairing interaction .
An illustration of what can be done is the so-called Parrondo 's paradox in the Physics literature .	This `` paradox '' is extended to regime switching random walks in random environments .
We find that by astrometrically observing microlensing events , $ \sim 50 % $ of binaries with separations of $ 0.1r_ { \rm E } $ can be detected with the detection threshold of 3 % .	The proposed astrometric method is especially efficient at detecting very close binaries .
We discuss the gauge corrections to the phase diagram at strong coupling and compare our findings with various possible scenarios in continuum QCD .	We comment on the possibility that the tricritical point at strong coupling is connected to the tricritical point in the continuum , massless QCD .
Noncontact atomic force microscopy ( NC-AFM ) and Kelvin probe force microscopy ( KPFM ) have become important tools for nanotechnology ; however , their contrast mechanisms on the atomic scale are not entirely understood .	Here we used chlorine vacancies in NaCl bilayers on Cu ( 111 ) as a model system to investigate atomic contrast as a function of applied voltage , tip height , and tip functionalization .
In such a `` full-cascade '' scenario , not only the perpendicular portion of the energy of the pairs goes to high energy radiation via SR , but the parallel portion of the energy of the pairs can also contribute to high energy emission via ICS with the soft thermal photons from either the full neutron star surface or the hot polar cap .	An important output of such a scenario is that the soft tail of the ICS spectrum can naturally result in a non-thermal X-ray component which can contribute to the luminosities observed by ROSAT and ASCA .
We focus on the effective Einstein-Hilbert term and the kinetic terms for vectors .	Dualizing the vectors into scalars , we derive the resulting Kahler potential and complex coordinates .
It has the novel property of behaving like a fibre-optic bundle but one that acts on the near field , not just the radiative component .	The effects of retardation are included and minimized by making the slabs thinner .
All that calls for some optimization procedure of the perturbative series .	In this respect , one of the most common methods is the Brodsky-Lepage-Mackenzie ( BLM ) one , that eliminates the renormalization scale ambiguity by absorbing the non-conformal $ \beta_0 $ -terms into the running coupling .
In search for a basic model that renders correct predictions on long spatio-temporal scales , we discuss results associated with a heterogeneous fault with long range stress-transfer interactions .	To better understand earthquake dynamics we focus on faults with Gutenberg-Richter like earthquake statistics and develop two universal scaling functions as a stronger test of the theory against observations than mere scaling exponents that have large error bars .
We refer to this problem as the `` sculpting problem . ''	In this work , we give a full characterization of sculptable functions in the query complexity setting .
Our simulations show that even consumers endowed with a small amount of information and knowledge may reach a very high level of utility .	On the other hand , complete ignorance negatively affects the whole consumption process .
We examine the role of complex multi-cellular circulation patterns in a Babcock-Leighton solar dynamo in advection- and diffusion-dominated regimes .	We show from simulations that presence of a weak , second , high-latitude reverse cell speeds up the cycle and slightly enhances the poleward branch in butterfly diagram , whereas the presence of a second cell in depth reverses the tilt of butterfly wing to an anti-solar type .
This leads to an exponential molecular weight distribution ( MWD ) with mean Nbar .	After a small perturbation of relative amplitude epsilon , e.g.a small temperature jump , this balance is destroyed : the velocity acquires a boost greatly exceeding its tiny equilibrium value .
They have proved that under the ANC scheme , if each relay transmits the received signals at the upper bound of the power constraint , the transmission rate will approach the network capacity .	In this paper , we consider a more general scenario defined as the generalized high-SNR regime , where the relays at layer $ l $ in a layered relay network with $ L $ layers do not satisfy the high-SNR conditions , and then determine an ANC relay scheme in such network .
Thus , the preferred design is where the statistical dependence between the model parameters and observables is the highest possible .	In this paper , the statistical dependence between random variables is quantified by mutual information and estimated using a k-nearest neighbor based approximation .
The amplitude of specific magnetic quantum oscillations in M ( B ) is found to be a direct measure of the SOI strength at fields B where SOI-induced Landau level anticrossings occur .	The anisotropic M allows one to quantify the magnitude of both contributions as well as their relative sign .
We discovered a periodicity at about 8.7s from the X -- ray sources 4U0142+61 , previously considered a possible black hole candidate on the basis of its ultrasoft spectrum .	The pulsations are visible only in the 1 -- 4 keV energy range , during an observation obtained with the EXOSAT satellite in August 1984 .
They all have the run-time complexity ( at least ) O ( D^2 ) , where d=Dn^ { 0.25 } .	Here we propose a new variant of Wiener 's attack , which uses results on Diophantine approximations of the form |\alpha - p/q| & lt ; c/q^2 , and `` meet-in-the-middle '' variant for testing the candidates ( of the form rq_ { m+1 } + sq_m ) for the secret exponent .
This procedure is of considerable interest as it will enable mock galaxy catalogues to be constructed with volumes as large as those of the next generation of galaxy redshift surveys .	Their algorithm , however , neglects the coupling between long-wavelength linear modes and short-wavelength non-linear modes .
The flat connexion is { \bf not } metric-compatible .	These results are achieved by applying the formalism of statistical manifolds \cite { amari , otros } to the statistical mechanics of a moving fluid .
It thus facilitates improved determinations of the strong coupling alpha_s and of 1/Q^2 power corrections from scaling violations measured in neutrino-nucleon DIS .	The expansion of F_3 in powers of alpha_s is stable at all values of x relevant to measurements at high scales Q^2 .
In such a paradigm , a lack of very high-energy emissions is expected because of the Klein-Nishina effect and strong absorption in the broad line region .	Recent detection of at least three such blazars by Cherenkov telescopes has forced a revision of our understanding of these objects .
The HAWC observatory is an extensive air-shower array comprised of 300 optically-isolated water Cherenkov detectors ( WCDs ) .	Each WCD contains $ \sim $ 200,000 liters of filtered water and four upward-facing photomultiplier tubes .
NGDBF is a recent algorithm that uses a non-deterministic gradient descent search to decode low-density parity check ( LDPC ) codes .	The proposed re-decode procedure obtains improved performance because the perturbations are independent at each re-decoding phase , therefore increasing the likelihood of successful decoding .
We demonstrate here a method to fabricate CdSe photonic crystal from a very cheap fabrication route of templated self-assembly .	The hexagonal close-packed photonic crystals are formed by the electrochemical growth of CdSe through the interstitial spaces between polymer nano/micro sphere templates .
From the phase dynamics we show that the coupling can be quantitatively described by Sakaguchi 's modification to the Kuramoto model .	We also examine an ensemble of oscillators whose frequencies are taken from a flat distribution within a fixed frequency interval .
Here we focus on the question of when one or more of the higher cohomology groups grows maximally .	Our main result is that if one considers also small perturbations of the divisor in question , then the maximal growth of higher cohomology characterizes non-ample divisors .
The generation of multi-step density forecasts for non-Gaussian data mostly relies on Monte Carlo simulations which are computationally intensive .	Using aggregated wind power in Ireland , we study two approaches of multi-step density forecasts which can be obtained from simple iterations so that intensive computations are avoided .
The quark susceptibility $ \chi_q $ at zero and finite quark chemical potential provides a critical benchmark to determine the quark-gluon-plasma ( QGP ) degrees of freedom in relation to the results from lattice QCD ( lQCD ) in addition to the equation of state and transport coefficients .	Here we extend the familiar dynamical-quasiparticle model ( DQPM ) to partonic propagators that explicitly depend on the three-momentum with respect to the partonic medium at rest in order to match perturbative QCD ( pQCD ) at high momenta .
We analyze the folded spinning string in AdS_4 x P^3 with spin S in AdS_4 and angular momentum J in P^3 .	We calculate the one-loop correction to its energy in the scaling limit of both ln S and J large with their ratio kept fixed .
In this paper we provide a method to assess whether a subnetwork constructed from a seed list ( a list of nodes known to be important in the area of interest ) differs significantly from a randomly generated subnetwork .	Our work is motivated by an interest in constructing a protein-protein interaction network that captures key features associated with Parkinson 's disease .
Ordered phases such as charge- and spin-density wave state accompany either full or partial gapping of Fermi surface ( FS ) leading a metal-insulator or metal-metal transition ( MMT ) .	However , there are examples of MMT without any signatures of symmetry breaking .
Depending on the coupling strength , two different phases can be observed .	At low coupling the evolution rapidly converges towards periodic attractors where all neurons fire with the same rate .
We study the critical behavior of the random q-state Potts quantum chain by density matrix renormalization techniques .	Critical exponents are calculated by scaling analysis of finite lattice data of short chains ( $ L \leq 16 $ ) averaging over all possible realizations of disorder configurations chosen according to a binary distribution .
Conventional neuro-computing architectures and artificial neural networks have often been developed with no or loose connections to neuroscience .	As a consequence , they have largely ignored key features of biological neural processing systems , such as their extremely low-power consumption features or their ability to carry out robust and efficient computation using massively parallel arrays of limited precision , highly variable , and unreliable components .
When modeling the distribution of a set of data by a mixture of Gaussians , there are two possibilities : i ) the classical one is using a set of parameters which are the proportions , the means and the variances ; ii ) the second is to consider the proportions as the probabilities of a discrete valued hidden variable .	In the first case a usual prior distribution for the proportions is the Dirichlet which accounts for the fact that they have to sum up to one .
The octapole structure can therefore be all but ruled out for single crystals of NiO annealed in or transported through humid air..	The theoretical analysis indicates , as expected , that simple density functional theory methods for such strongly-correlated oxide surfaces are marginal , while better consideration of the metal d-electrons has a large effect although , it is still not perfect .
The model has ordering of currents at finite temperatures .	The dissipative kernel in the model is of the form $ |\omega|/| { \bf q } | $ , indicating Landau damping .
Moreover , these equations are coupled to a stochastic rate equation for the number of atoms in the condensate .	As applications of our approach , we have calculated the collisional damping rates and frequencies of the low-lying collective excitations of a condensate with repulsive interactions , and have obtained a description of the growth and subsequent collapse of a condensate with attractive interactions .
The variational method is exploited and the { \it same } trial function is used for different magnetic fields .	It is shown that the states of positive $ z $ -parity $ 1\sigma_g , 1\pi_u , 1\delta_ { g } $ are bound states of the $ H_3^ { 2+ } $ exotic ion for all magnetic fields studied .
We also show that the transverse spin angular momentum of locally excited surface plasmon polaritons leads to the emergence of transverse chiral forces in opposite directions for chiral objects of different handedness .	The magnitude of such a transverse force is comparable to the optical gradient force and scattering forces .
SO ( N ) gauge theory is dual to a non-oriented string theory on the AdS_5xRP^5 geometry .	To explore the physics of this string theory we consider the limit of the gauge theory that , for the U ( N ) gauge theory , is dual to the pp-wave limit of AdS_5xS^5 .
We point out that the spectra of these models include a 0^ { -- } branch which does not show up in nature .	At zero temperature we found that the masses of the mesons M_n depend on the `` constituent quark mass '' parameter m^c_q and on the excitation number n as M_n^2 m^c_q and M^2_n n^ { 1.7 } for the ten dimensional case and as M_n m^c_q and M_n n^ { 0.75 } in the non-critical case .
Such behavior is a result of the interplay between shear-induced deformation and swimmer 's periodic beating motion that exerts internal torques on the torque-free swimmer .	This particular behavior has some significant consequences on the rheological properties of the suspension that tends to confirm previous experimental results [ Phys.Rev.Lett .
Through the decomposition of the corresponding twined partition functions into characters of the N=4 ( resp .	N=2 ) superconformal algebra , we arrive at mock modular forms which coincide with the graded characters of an infinite-dimensional Z-graded module for the corresponding group .
( Abriged ) We present analytic models for the formation and evolution of tidal tails and related structures following impulsive disturbances in galaxy collisions .	Since the epicyclic approximation is not valid for large radial excursions , we use orbital equations of the form we call p-ellipses .
All sources have a compact spatial extent of ~1 '' , with an average half light radius of r=2.9 kpc and average dereddened star formation rate of 22 Msolar per year .	Based on H-alpha kinematics we find that these six galaxies are dynamically distinguishable , and we classify them as either merger or disk candidate systems .
In contrast to earlier approaches , our model not only includes stochastic rules for the formation and rupture of bonds , but also fully resolves both receptor and ligand positions .	We identify five different dynamic states of motion in regard to the translational and angular velocities of the cell .
We learn from existing data a generative model ( for instance , an explicit-duration hidden Markov model , or EDHMM ) and then supervise this model in order to guarantee that the generated sequences satisfy some desirable specifications given in Probabilistic Computation Tree Logic ( PCTL ) .	We present an implementation of our approach and apply it to the problem of mimicking the use of lighting appliances in a residential unit , with potential applications to home security and resource management .
The absence of outbursts during such intermediate ( as opposed to low ) states , which last much longer than typical disc 's viscous times , can be explained only if accretion discs are absent when their temperatures would correspond to an unstable state .	This requires magnetic fields stronger than those explaining outburst absence during low states , since white dwarfs in this sub-class of VY Scl stars should have magnetic moments $ \mu \gta 1.5 10^ { 33 } $ G cm $ ^ { 3 } $ i.e.similar to those of Intermediate Polars .
Relevance of this approach is illustrated by some examples .	In particular , it is shown that degeneration of the genetic code is a p-adic phenomenon .
This will speed up the evolution of the LMXBs in metal poor clusters , hence reducing their numbers .	These winds can also provide extra material near the accreting object which may create an intrinsic absorber to harden the X-ray spectra of the metal poor cluster systems relative to the metal rich ones , as suggested by observations .
The required optical bandwidth to implement self-referencing is typically obtained via nonlinear broadening in optical fibers .	Recent advances in the field of Kerr frequency combs have provided a path towards the development of compact frequency comb sources that provide broadband frequency combs , exhibit microwave repetition rates and that are compatible with on-chip photonic integration .
We present new measurements of the energy spectra of cosmic-ray ( CR ) nuclei from the second flight of the balloon-borne experiment Cosmic Ray Energetics And Mass ( CREAM ) .	The instrument included different particle detectors to provide redundant charge identification and measure the energy of CRs up to several hundred TeV .
Recently , there was a huge interest to propose security solutions in WSNs because of their applications in both civilian and military domains .	Adversaries can launch different types of attacks , and cryptography is used to countering these attacks .
Thus , the functor $ \ell $ can be viewed as an approximation of negative cyclic homology and ordinary cyclic homology $ HC_* ( A ) $ is a natural $ \ell ( A ) $ -module .	In general , there is a spectral sequence $ E^2 = L_* ( \ell ) ( A ) \Rightarrow HC_*^- ( A ) $ .
We found the optimal mutation rates for the fixed fitness landscape .	The single peak fitness landscape gives the fastest dynamics to send the vast majority of the population from the initial sequence to the neighborhood of the final sequence .
A total of 15366 GRPs were recorded during 11.6 hours of simultaneous observations , which were made across four nights in December 2008 and in November and December 2009 .	We searched for an enhancement of the pulsed gamma-ray emission within time windows placed around the arrival time of the GRP events .
+ Quinqueloculina spp .	and Elphidium spp .
Stellar mass plays a central role in our understanding of star formation and aging .	Stellar astronomy is largely based on two maps , both dependent on mass , either indirectly or directly : the Hertzprung-Russell Diagram ( HRD ) and the Mass-Luminosity Relation ( MLR ) .
It is locally the critical locus of a function .	More precisely , in the language of derived algebraic geometry , to any quasi-smooth space $ M $ we associate its $ ( -1 ) $ -shifted cotangent bundle $ N $ .
Recently , the abundance of digital data enabled the implementation of graph based ranking algorithms that provide system level analysis for ranking publications and authors .	Here we take advantage of the entire Physical Review publication archive ( 1893-2006 ) to construct authors ' networks where weighted edges , as measured from opportunely normalized citation counts , define a proxy for the mechanism of scientific credit transfer .
Adiabatic quantum optimization has attracted a lot of attention because small scale simulations gave hope that it would allow to solve NP-complete problems efficiently .	Later , negative results proved the existence of specifically designed hard instances where adiabatic optimization requires exponential time .
A bar framework , denoted by G ( p ) , in R^r is a simple graph G on n vertices together with a configuration p in R^r .	A given bar framework G ( p ) is said to be universally rigid if there does not exist another configuration q in any Euclidean space , not obtained from p by a rigid motion , such that ||q^i-q^j||=||p^i-p^j|| for each edge ( i , j ) of G. It is known that if configuration p is generic and bar framework G ( p ) in R^r admits a positive semidefinite stress matrix S of rank n-r-1 , then G ( p ) is universally rigid .
Based on the unidimensional wavelet transform and its reconstruction properties , the synchrosqueezing transform provides a powerful representation of multicomponent signals in the time-frequency plane , together with a reconstruction of each mode .	In this paper , a bidimensional version of the synchrosqueezing transform is defined , by considering a well-adapted extension of the concept of analytic signal to images : the monogenic signal .
Such a kinetic mixing is generic in a broad class of supergravity and string models .	We carry out a detailed global fit of the model with the precision LEP data on and off the $ Z $ pole , with $ \chi^2 $ within 1 % of the $ \chi^2 $ of the Standard Model fit .
Fluid turbulence is a typical example - while turbulent mixing seems to increase entropy , a variety of sustained vortical structures can emerge .	In Hamiltonian formalism , some topological constraints are represented by Casimir invariants ( for example , helicities of a fluid or a plasma ) , and then , the effective phase space is reduced to the Casimir leaves .
A key aspect of gels is their volume phase transition , which provides a macroscopic mechanism for effecting microscopic changes .	The phase transition allows one to control the gel 's affinity for target molecules through tiny changes in the solution temperature , salt concentration , pH , or the like .
Phys. , 10 , 232 ] small solutions are allowed , whereas in relaxed MHD only the odd-parity large solution and even-parity small solution are allowed .	A procedure for constructing global multi-region solutions in cylindrical geometry is presented .
The main result of the paper consists in providing , in the cash-subadditive case , a sufficient condition for strong time-consistency ( or recursivity ) in terms of a generalized cocycle condition .	On one hand , our result can be seen as an extension to cash-subadditive convex dynamic risk measures of Theorem 2.5 in Bion-Nadal \cite { bion-nadal-FS } ; on the other hand , it is weaker since strong time-consistency is not fully characterized .
Fingerprints are the oldest and most widely used form of biometric identification .	Everyone is known to have unique , immutable fingerprints .
We use scanning tunneling microscopy/spectroscopy ( STM/STS ) to locate such junctions and investigate their atomic and electronic properties .	The Te- and I-terminated surfaces are identified owing to their distinct chemical reactivity , and an apparent height mismatch of electronic origin .
The most important argument is carried out for the two-dimensional situation .	We show that this amounts to computation of distributions of various integral functionals with respect to a two-dimensional process with independent Bessel components .
We deal with backward stochastic differential equations with time delayed generators .	In this new type of equations , a generator at time t can depend on the values of a solution in the past , weighted with a time delay function for instance of the moving average type .
An appropriate thinning level for the calculations is first determined empirically .	High statistics results are then provided , over a wide energy range , ( 10^14.0 to 10^20.5 eV ) , for proton & amp ; iron primaries , using four combinations of the MOCCA & amp ; CORSIKA program frameworks , and the SIBYLL & amp ; QGSJET high energy hadronic interaction models .
In atmospheres with high CO2 levels , atomic O is the major destructive species for some molecules .	In sun-Earth-like UV radiation environments , H ( and in some cases O ) will rapidly destroy nearly all biosignature gases of interest .
Narrow-Line Seyfert 1 ( NLS1 ) galaxies show extreme properties with respect to the other Seyfert galaxies .	Indeed , they are thought to be accreting at Eddington rates and to possess low mass black holes .
What is the probability that the function assumes a positive value at the chosen point ?	We show that this quantity may decay logarithmically as the eigenvalue goes to infinity , but never faster than that .
If attributes in the secret key of a user satisfy the policy then only the genuine user can decrypt the ciphertext .	However , such scenario also necessitates periodic updating of the secret key with the changing attributes .
We show how high mass and force resolution in both the gas and dark matter components play an important role in solving the angular momentum catastrophe claimed from previous simulations of galaxy formation within the hierarchical framework .	The stellar material in the disk component has a final specific angular momentum equal to 40 % and 90 % of that of the dark halo in the LambdaCDM and LambdaWDM models respectively .
Globular clusters typically have very high stellar densities where close encounters are relatively common , and thus tidal capture can occur to form close binary systems .	Encounters between main sequence stars and lower-mass objects can result in tidal capture if the mass ratio is & gt ; 0.01 .
Such techniques , which require as training data examples of resource usage in queries , offer the promise of superior estimation accuracy since they can account for factors such as hardware characteristics of the system or bias in cardinality estimates .	However , the proposed approaches lack robustness in that they do not generalize well to queries that are different from the training examples , resulting in significant estimation errors .
Given the present constraints on the angles , delta_D is constrained to be almost maximal , a result which can be explored in experiments such as NOvA and T2K .	The Majorana CP phases do not receive any constraint and are thus model-dependent .
These are : a few percent energy transfer into the EAS electromagnetic component due to electron-positron pair production or electromagnetic radiation of quark-gluon plasma and a small slow-down of the cascading process in its initial stages associated with the extended lifetime of excited nuclear fragments .	The latter process displaces the shower maximum deeper into the atmosphere .
The catalog contains 887 objects with redshifts z & lt ; 0.83 ; this is six times larger than the previous version and is by far the largest sample of type 2 quasars in the literature .	We derive the [ OIII ] 5008 luminosity function for 10^8.3 Lsun & lt ; L [ OIII ] & lt ; 10^10 Lsun ( corresponding to intrinsic luminosities up to M [ 2400A ] -28 mag or bolometric luminosities up to 4x10^47 erg/sec ) .
Little transference of information from the global to the local level occurs when the system settles into nontrivial collective behavior while no information at all flows between these two scales in a synchronized collective state .	As the parameter values for the onset of nontrivial collective behavior or chaos synchronization are approached , the information transfer from the macroscopic level to the local level is higher , in comparison to the situation where those collective states are already established in the system .
This is a natural way of measuring the largest `` $ k $ -dimensional hole '' in a random point set .	This problem is in the intersection of geometric probability and algebraic topology , and is naturally motivated by a probabilistic view of topological inference .
The theme of the article is the study of the unipotent part of Arthur 's trace formula for general linear groups .	The case of regular ( or `` regular by blocks '' ) unipotent orbits has been essentially done in a previous paper .
Using the US National Football League ( NFL ) games as a case study , we report in-depth measurement studies of the delay and post rate of tweets , and their dependence on other properties .	We subsequently develop a novel event detection method based on these findings , and demonstrate that it can effectively and accurately extract game events using open access Twitter data .
An overview of the GW SAID and ITEP groups ' effort to analyze pion photoproduction on the neutron-target will be given .	The disentanglement of the isoscalar and isovector EM couplings of N* and Delta* resonances does require compatible data on both proton and neutron targets .
This program predicts not only quarks and leptons but also a short-range 5th fundamental force accompanying gravity .	This 5th force predicts quark mixing and the related CP violation , which in fact was a phenomena observed in labs about fifty years ago .
Both methods give a reasonable agreement with the available experimental data .	Our calculations predict significant elastic anisotropy of helium ( $ \triangle P \approx 1.14 $ , $ \triangle S_1 \approx 1.7 $ , $ \triangle S_2 \approx 0.93 $ at low pressures ) .
Our procedure is based on the analytic theory for the structure of one-dimensional HI/H $ _2 $ photon-dominated regions , presented by Sternberg et al . ( 2014 ) .	Depth-dependent HI and H $ _2 $ density fractions may be computed for arbitrary gas density , far-ultraviolet field intensity , and the metallicity dependent H $ _2 $ formation rate coefficient , and dust absorption cross section .
We study the agility of current-tunable oscillators based on a magnetic vortex orbiting around a point contact in spin-valves .	Theory predicts frequency-tuning by currents occurs at constant orbital radius , so an exceptional agility is anticipated .
Fixed-sample statistical tests for that problem are well studied in the literature .	In this paper we provide first results for the problem to monitor sequentially a time series .
Deriving explicit resistance formulas it is shown that the Kagom\'e , the diced and the decorated lattice can be mapped to the triangular and square lattice of resistors .	Our work can be extended to the random walk problem or to electron dynamics in condensed matter physics .
We study consistently the pion 's static observables and the elastic and \gamma*\gamma - & gt ; \pi^0 transition form factors within a light-front model .	Consistency requires that all calculations are performed within a given model with the same and single adjusted length or mass-scale parameter of the associated pion bound-state wave function .
We first analyze the transport properties of gold-C60-gold junctions and show that these junctions can be highly conductive ( with conductances above 0.1G0 , where G0 is the quantum of conductance ) .	Moreover , we find that the thermopower in these junctions is negative due to the fact that the LUMO dominates the charge transport , and its magnitude can reach several tens of micro-V/K , depending on the contact geometry .
We present a formalism to describe slowly decaying systems in the context of finite Markov chains obeying detailed balance .	We show that phase space can be partitioned into approximately decoupled regions , in which one may introduce restricted Markov chains which are close to the original process but do not leave these regions .
If supersymmetric particles are discovered , an important problem will be to determine how supersymmetry has been broken .	At collider energies , supersymmetry breaking can be parameterised by soft supersymmetry breaking parameters .
Despite many successful applications , the method has never been obtained from first principles , relying instead on the `` ImF '' premise .	In this paper , the same expression for the rate of barrier penetration at finite temperature is rederived from quantum scattering theory [ W. H. Miller , S. D. Schwartz , and J. W. Tromp , J. Chem.Phys .
A problem predicted more than thirty years ago , the threat from debris larger than about 1 cm demands serious attention .	A promising proposed solution uses a high power pulsed laser system on the Earth to make plasma jets on the objects , slowing them slightly , and causing them to re-enter and burn up in the atmosphere .
Henon sought the most general spherical potential in which the radial periods of orbits depended only on energy .	He named this potential the isochrone , and discovered that it provided a good representation of data for globular clusters .
The packet ensures conservation of homogeneity and isotropy of the metric on average .	It is shown that during tunneling the amplitudes of short waves of a scalar field can increase catastrophically promptly if their influence to the metric do not take into account .
Studying a certain sub class of higher order Horndeski ( scalar-tensor ) theories we discuss a method discovered recently permitting analytic black hole solutions with a non trivial and regular scalar field .	One of the solutions found has de Sitter asymptotics and self tunes the bulk cosmological constant .
Based on a generalization of `` expected utility theory '' which takes this into account , we introduce an automaton mimicking the dynamics of economic operations .	Each operator is characterized by a parameter q which gauges people 's attitude under risky choices ; this index q is in fact the entropic one which plays a central role in nonextensive statistical mechanics .
Much recent progress in Vision-to-Language problems has been achieved through a combination of Convolutional Neural Networks ( CNNs ) and Recurrent Neural Networks ( RNNs ) .	This approach does not explicitly represent high-level semantic concepts , but rather seeks to progress directly from image features to text .
We study the superconducting critical temperature as a function of the rotation wavelength of the magnetic moment .	The critical temperature of the bilayer is found to be always enhanced by the domain structure , and exhibits an interesting reentrant behavior .
We characterize the three-dimensional spaces admitting at least six or at least seven equidistant points .	In particular , we show the existence of $ C^\infty $ norms on $ \R^3 $ admitting six equidistant points , which refutes a conjecture of Lawlor and Morgan ( 1994 , Pacific J .
In very high energy collisions nuclei are practically tranparent to each other but produce very hot , nearly baryon-free , matter in the so-called central rapidity region .	The energy in the central rapidity region comes from the kinetic energy of the colliding nuclei .
At the same time RHIC started with its experimental program .	The discovery of the QGP in these experiments relies on a comparison of data with theoretical predictions for QGP signals .
We study six nearby reverberation-mapped AGN for which simultaneous UV and optical monitoring data exist .	We also examine the long-term optical luminosity variations of Seyfert 1 galaxy NGC 5548 and employ Monte Carlo simulations to study the effects of the intrinsic variability of individual objects on the scatter in the global relationship for a sample of ~40 AGN .
In this context , whenever a user posts a message about a topic , we observe a noisy estimate of her current opinion about it , however , the influence the user may have on other users ' opinions is hidden .	In this paper , we introduce SLANT , a probabilistic modeling framework of opinion dynamics , which allows the underlying opinion of a user to be modulated by those expressed by her neighbors over time .
We relatively rapidly add new features by skipping over the costly optimisation of parameters .	We introduce the use of local binary patterns as features in MGRF texture models , and generalise them by learning offsets to the surrounding pixels .
This review surveys the statistics of solar X-ray flares , emphasising the new views that RHESSI has given us of the weaker events ( the microflares ) .	The new data reveal that these microflares strongly resemble more energetic events in most respects ; they occur solely within active regions and exhibit high-temperature/nonthermal emissions in approximately the same proportion as major events .
A delta chi-squared test constrains the best fit Doppler parameter , b = 0.33_ { -0.04 } ^ { +0.05 } km/s , and logN ( CI ) = 13.30 +- 0.2 cm^-2 .	This Doppler parameter constrains the kinetic temperature of the gas to T & lt ; = 78 K ( T & lt ; = 115 K , 2 sigma ) .
The vibrational energy levels of the one-dimensional ground state adiabatic potential of the model are used to make quantitative comparisons with a vast body of condensed phase data , spanning a donor-acceptor separation ( R ) range of about 2.4-3.0 A , i.e. , from strong to weak bonds .	The position of the proton and its longitudinal vibrational frequency , along with the isotope effects in both are discussed .
The equilibrium description is then enlarged , in order to reinterpret a series of results about the stability of those steady states , their susceptibility to symmetry breaking , in the light of a deep analogy with the statistical theory of Ferromagnetism .	We call this analogy `` Ferro-Turbulence ''
Such a shape converges to the polygonal invariant shape of the corresponding deterministic model as the perturbation decreases .	In many cases , exact stability is observed .
In particular , we supplement the fixed-order NLO calculation with higher-order corrections from soft gluon resummation at NNLL accuracy .	Uncertainties due to power corrections to the soft limit are estimated by combining results from single-particle inclusive and pair invariant-mass kinematics .
The charge transfer properties are presented in terms of localisation lengths , crudely speaking the length over which electrons travel .	Various types of disorder , including random potentials , are employed to account for different real environments .
One of the strongest candidates to date is the hyperluminous X-ray source HLX1 , possibly located in the S0-a galaxy ESO243-49 , but the lack of an identifiable optical counterpart had hampered its interpretation .	Using the Magellan telescope , we have discovered an unresolved optical source with R = ( 23.80 +/- 0.25 ) mag and V = ( 24.5 +/- 0.3 ) mag within HLX1 's positional error circle .
We consider identification and estimation with an outcome missing not at random ( MNAR ) .	We study an identification strategy based on a so-called { \it shadow variable } .
The presence of two pairs of anticrossing levels in the ground electronic state is shown .	Parameters of the structure at which errors rate can be greatly minimized are found .
Assuming a BH mass of M_BH=5 Msun and a system inclination of 40 deg , the fits imply an inner radius for the disk of Rin/Rg & gt ; 212 d_3 ( 5Msun/M_BH ) .	The outer radius is R_out/R_g=90,000 d_3 ( 5Msun/M_BH ) , which corresponds to 6.6e10 d_3 cm , consistent with the expected size of the disk .
The mechanism of the anomalous Hall transport phenomena , if it is of the intrinsic or extrinsic origin , has been controversial .	We present a unified theory of them for ferromagnetic metals with dilute impurities at the zero temperature , in terms of a quantum transport theory with the self-consistent T-matrix approximation .
To illustrate this we compute the probabilities specified by the no-boundary wave function for our observations at the present time of the values of Lambda and Q in an inflationary landscape model in which both quantities vary .	Within the anthropic range of values the no-boundary state yields an approximately flat distribution on Lambda and strongly favors small values of Q .
This paper presents an analysis of observational data on the p-mode spectrum of the star alpha Cen B and a comparison with theoretical computations of the stochastic excitation and damping of the modes .	We find that at frequencies & gt ; 4500 micro-Hz , the model damping rates appear to be too weak to explain the observed shape of the power spectral density of alpha Cen B .
We present a theoretical study of the optical conductivity of graphene with magnetic and nonmagnetic adatoms .	First , by introducing alternating potential in a pure graphene , we demonstrate a gap formation in the density of states and the corresponding optical conductivity .
Wave functions are explicitly constructed as holomorphic or antiholomorphic functions around the K or K ' point .	Each zero-energy mode is a chiral edge mode .
We use an empirical model in order to derive the expansion velocity , collimation degree , and inclination angle of the PN with respect to the plane of the sky .	The equatorial expansion velocities measured in the objects in our sample are always in the low to medium range ( 3-16km/s ) , while their polar expansion velocities range from low to very high ( 18-100 km/s ) .
In practice , it is found experimentally that in a rectangular region , patterns of irregular hexagons are often observed .	This work analyses the geometry and dynamics of irregular hexagonal patterns .
This version of the system is also dictated by recovery of the nonrelativistic limit together with compatibility with Maxwell and electrodynamics field theory .	Giving up all these requirements and allowing for a nontrivial weight factor in the time direction produces a modified line element and considerably complicates the dynamics in the case of a charged particle .
We have obtained polarization observations of 34 BL Lac objects with the Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) , at 4 separate wavelengths in the 18-20 cm band .	The 18-cm jets typically extend to tens of parsecs .
In some cases of geometric interest , extended Hochschild cohomology contains Hochschild cohomology as a subalgebra and Hochschild homology as a homogeneous component .	We use our factorization model for the internal Hom to calculate the extended Hochschild cohomology for equivariant factorizations on affine space .
Non-traditional actors such as facility owners have a growing interest in deploying and operating their own indoor networks to fulfill the capacity demand .	Such local operators will need spectrum sharing with neighboring networks because they are not likely to have their own dedicated spectrum .
In proposals for quantum computers using arrays of trapped ultracold polar molecules as qubits , a strong external field with appreciable gradient is imposed in order to prevent quenching of the dipole moments by rotation and to distinguish among the qubit sites .	That field induces the molecular dipoles to undergo pendular oscillations , which markedly affect the qubit states and the dipole-dipole interaction .
We study the relation between holographic representations , obtained through real-space renormalization , of their corresponding ground states $ \left.| \psi \right\rangle $ and $ \left.| \tilde { \psi } \right\rangle $ .	We observe that , even though $ \left.| \psi \right\rangle $ and $ \left.| \tilde { \psi } \right\rangle $ disagree significantly both inside and outside region $ \mathcal { R } $ , they still admit holographic descriptions that only differ inside the past causal cone $ \mathcal { C } ( \mathcal { R } ) $ of region $ \mathcal { R } $ , where $ \mathcal { C } ( \mathcal { R } ) $ is obtained by coarse-graining region $ \mathcal { R } $ .
For a magnitude limited sample of 35 E and S0 galaxies we obtained long slit spectra to derive the rotation curves , the velocity dispersion profiles and the radial gradients of the Mg , Fe and H_beta line indices .	Here we report on two early -- type galaxies which turned out to host the largest kinematically peculiar cores yet found in `` normal '' early -- type galaxies : NGC 4816 hosts a decoupled counter rotating core with a radial extension along the major axis of 2.7 kpc , while IC 4051 has a co-rotating peculiar core with a sizes of 3.4 kpc .
In the case of HD 209458 , this hypothesis has been rejected by some authors because there is no sign of such a companion at the 5 m/s level , and because it is difficult to say conclusively that the eccentricity is non-zero .	Transit timing analysis [ ... ] .
In this paper , we propose a soft decision based CSS algorithm using energy detection by taking into account the noise uncertainty effect .	In the proposed algorithm , two threshold levels are utilized based on predicting the current PU activity , which can be successfully expected using a simple successive averaging process with time .
Namely , we calculate total number of particles and , from it , the deformed partition function , both involving dependence on the deformation parameter \mu .	Such dependence of thermodynamic functions on the \mu-parameter is at the core of modification of Bose gas model and arises through the use of new techniques given by us , the \mu-calculus , an alternative to the well-known q-calculus ( Jackson derivative and integral ) .
Our approach takes this into account by using a Green 's function formalism to solve the full system .	The time-dependent solution is then explored in different limiting cases .
Typing allows the shape of these graphs to be specified recursively in order to increase program security .	Thanks to its genericity , DiaPlan allows to implement systems that represent and manipulate data in arbitrary diagram notations .
Relaxor ferroelectrics are difficult to study and understand .	The experiment shows that at low energy scattering there is an acoustic mode , an optic mode , dynamic quasi-elastic scattering and strictly elastic scattering as well as Bragg peaks at the zone centre .
We describe symmetry structure of a general singular theory ( theory with constraints in the Hamiltonian formulation ) , and , in particular , we relate the structure of gauge transformations with the constraint structure .	We show that any symmetry transformation can be represented as a sum of three kinds of symmetries : global , gauge , and trivial symmetries .
In the merging-compression method of plasma start-up , two flux-ropes with parallel toroidal current are formed around in-vessel poloidal field coils , before merging to form a spherical tokamak plasma .	This start-up method , used in the Mega-Ampere Spherical Tokamak ( MAST ) , is studied as a high Lundquist number and low plasma-beta magnetic reconnection experiment .
The $ C $ function displays this crossover explicitly .	This behavior is reminiscent of Zamolodchikov 's $ C $ -theorem of field theories in 1+1 dimensions .
We then identify the corresponding closed string boundary states together with the massless long range fields they excite .	For p=3,4 the string loop correction diverge .
The secondary circulation of the tropical cyclone ( TC ) is related to its formation and intensification , thus becomes very important in the studies .	The analytical solutions have both the primary and secondary circulation in a three-dimensionally nonhydrostatic and adiabatic model .
We consider the annual rates of real GDP growth on a quarterly basis in the large core economies of the EU ( France , Germany and Italy , plus the Netherlands ) over the period 1978Q1 - 2000Q3 .	An important empirical question is the degree to which the correlations between these growth rates contain true information rather than noise .
We present a redshift z=6.535 galaxy discovered by its Lyman alpha emission in a 9180A narrowband image from the Large Area Lyman Alpha ( LALA ) survey .	The Ly-a line luminosity ( 1.1e43 erg/s ) is among the largest known for star forming galaxies at z=6.5 .
Several approaches have been proposed to address this issue , including the recent promising work which incorporate Bayesian Nonparametrics into the $ k $ -means clustering procedure .	This approach shows simplicity in implementation and solidity in theory , while it also provides a feasible way to inference in large scale datasets .
Such gravity methods provide powerful new tools to access the physics of these strongly coupled theories , which often differs qualitatively from that found at weak coupling .	Our discussion begins with basic aspects of AdS/CFT and progresses through thermal CFTs on the Einstein Static Universe and on periodically identified Minkowski spacetime .
Given any infinite set of unit balls covering the whole space , we want to know the optimal ( lim sup ) density of the volume which is covered by exactly one ball ( i.e. , the maximum such density over all unit ball covers , called the { \em optimal 1-density } and denoted as $ \delta_d $ , where $ d $ is the dimension of the Euclidean space ) .	We prove that in 2D the optimal 1-density $ \delta_2= ( 3\sqrt ( 3 ) -\pi ) /\pi \approx 0.6539 $ , which is achieved through a regular hexagonal covering .
As a limiting case we also find new rotating , non-asymptotically flat five-dimensional black holes .	The solutions are analyzed and the mass , angular momentum and charge are computed .
In contrast to this , the lower mass BP Tau is likely to be completely convective .	As the internal structure and therefore the magnetic field generation process is different in both stars , it is of particular interest to compare the structure of their magnetic fields obtained by field extrapolation from magnetic surface maps .
We study in this paper the low Mach number limit for the 2d isentropic Euler system with ill-prepared initial data belonging to the critical Besov space $ B_ { 2,1 } ^2 $ .	By combining Strichartz estimates with the special structure of the vorticity we prove that the lifespan goes to infinity as the Mach number goes to zero .
Explicit solutions for the phase space quantum distribution function are found for the cases of power law and exponential expansions .	The expectation values of dynamical variables with respect to these solutions are compared to the corresponding cutoff regularized field theoretic results ( we do not restrict ourselves only to $ \VEV { \F^2 } $ ) .
The soft X-ray filaments coincident with H_alpha and dust emission are cooler than the ones which do not correlate with optical and infrared emission .	We suggest that dust-aided cooling contributes to form warm ( T =10^4 K ) gas , emitting H_alpha radiation .
In this setup , the effective scalar potential is stabilized by the mixing between two scalars and coupling with dark matter .	We study constraints from collider searches , relic density and direct detection , and find that dark matter mass should be around half the mass of either the Higgs boson or singlet scalar .
These simulations are described in Colin et al .	( ApJ , 523 , 32 , 1999 ) .
Gelfand et al.\ gave an algorithm for spliced alignment running in time O ( n^3 ) .	Kent et al.\ considered sparse spliced alignment , where the number of candidate exons is O ( n ) , and proposed an algorithm for this problem running in time O ( n^ { 2.5 } ) .
In order to keep the masses of intermediate gauge bosons non-zero , we will introduce two sets of gauge fields .	We need a vacuum potential to introduce symmetry breaking and to introduce the masses of all fields .
The problem of finding a static black hole solution is reduced to a boundary value problem .	We solve it by means of a numerical method , and show numerical examples of a localized black hole whose horizon radius is small compared to the bulk curvature scale .
Given a high enough ICM pressure , this mixed gas lies in the X-ray bright region of the phase diagram .	We compare the simulations to observations of the ram pressure stripped tail of ESO 137-001 , showing excellent agreement in the total measured X-ray and Halpha emission and non-flaring morphology of the tail , and consistent HI measurements .
The burst is localized with the Compton events , and the location is consistent with the previous Interplanetary Network position .	A spectral analysis is possible with the detailed modeling of the detector response for such a far off-axis source with the offset of 36.9 $ ^\circ $ .
For a large enough coupling strength , we demonstrate that a harmonic lattice interacting with an anharmonic one is able to support a linear thermal gradient when it is connected to two heat reservoirs at different temperatures .	We estimate this critical coupling by applying the self-consistent phonon theory ( SCPT ) to the anharmonic counterpart .
Plans are underway to measure spin asymmetries at large momentum transfer in hadron hadron collisions at RHIC and elsewhere .	Proposals have focused on measuring quark transversity and quark and gluon helicity distributions in the nucleon .
We conduct a detailed quantitative comparison of the efficacy of this method through tests on simulated data comparable in spectral coverage and resolution to the currently operating direct imaging systems around the world .	In particular , we simulate Project 1640 data as an example of the use , accuracy , and precision of this technique .
The asymmetry of the OH spectral line profiles and their lack of time variability are consistent with emission from gas in an eccentric orbit at the disk wall that is approximately stationary in the inertial frame .	The time variable spectroastrometric properties of the CO v=1-0 emission line point to an orbiting source of CO emission with an emitting area similar to that expected for a circumplanetary disk ( ~0.1au^2 ) assuming the CO emission is optically thick .
By examining the conservation requirements , the variables to solve diffusion equations for in CFD-DEM simulations are identified .	The algorithm is then implemented into a CFD-DEM solver based on OpenFOAM and LAMMPS , the former being a general-purpose , three-dimensional CFD solver based on unstructured meshes .
When $ S^3 $ radius is smaller than $ 2/ef_\pi $ , where $ f_\pi $ is the pion decay constant , we always obtain a conformal map solution as the lowest eigenenergy state .	In the conformal map case , allowed states have only symmetric or anti-symmetric wave function under inversion of a dynamical variable describing the breathing mode .
The physical properties of SWNTs induced by their symmetries can be described by tensors in mathematical point of view .	It is found that there are 2 , 4 , and 5 different parameters in the second , third , and fourth rank tensors representing electronic conductivity ( or static polarizability ) , the second order nonlinear polarizability , and elastic constants of SWNTs , respectively .
Low-velocity ( -18 to -8 km/s ) components are seen primarily for various neutral and singly ionized species such as C I , O I , S I , Mg II , Cl I , Cl II , Mn II , Fe II and Cu II .	Numerous lines of H2 are present in the FUSE spectra , with a kinetic temperature for the lowest rotational levels T_ ( 01 ) = ( 90 +/- 10 ) K. Analysis of the C I fine-structure excitation implies an average local density of hydrogen n_H = ( 16 +/- 3 ) cm^-3 .
Network penetration testing identifies the exploits and vulnerabilities those exist within computer network infrastructure and help to confirm the security measures .	The objective of this paper is to explain methodology and methods behind penetration testing and illustrate remedies over it , which will provide substantial value for network security Penetration testing should model real world attacks as closely as possible .
We study a dynamical curvature instability caused by a local chemical modification of a phospholipid membrane .	In our experiments , a basic solution is microinjected close to a giant unilamellar vesicle , which induces a local chemical modification of some lipids in the external monolayer of the membrane .
We present our deep optical observations with the Very Large Telescope to search for an optical counterpart of the pulsar and its nebula .	We detected a point-like source in V , R , and I bands whose position is in agreement with the X-ray position of the pulsar , and whose colours are distinct from those of ordinary stars .
Answers to these questions are of prime importance to extract meaningful parameters from the in vivo fluorescence correlation spectroscopy data .	In this paper we study the fluctuations of the concentration of a reactive species involved in a cyclic network that is in a non-equilibrium steady state perturbed by a noisy force , taking into account both the breaking of detailed balance and extrinsic noises .
obtained for an ultrathin YBCO sample [ Phys.Rev .	B 54 , R9674 ( 1996 ) ] .
A wave function of a particle having precisely defined position and momentum in QM simultaneously is demonstrated .	Interference on two slits in a screen is shown to exist in classical mechanics .
We study the $ \Lambda ( 1520 ) D_ { 03 } $ in a chiral coupled channel approach .	This resonance appears as dynamically generated from the interaction of the decuplet of baryons and the octet of mesons in s-wave , and its treatment is improved here with the phenomenological inclusion of the $ \bar { K } N $ and $ \pi \Sigma $ channels in d-wave .
But these techniques either fail to address the full scope of the problem or have limitations .	Based on our observation that the injected string in a SQL injection attack is interpreted differently on different databases.Injection attack is a method that can inject any kind of malicious string or anomaly string on the original string .
This gives a functor of points approach to non-Archimedean analytic geometry and in this way we also get definitions of ( higher ) non-Archimedean analytic stacks .	We demonstrate that the category of Berkovich analytic spaces embeds fully faithfully into the category of varieties in our version of relative algebraic geometry .
Here we show that by going beyond the standard game-theoretical conventions , apparently altruistic behavior can be understood as self-interested .	We discuss in detail an example related to the so called Ultimatum game and illustrate the appearance of altruistic behavior induced by fluctuations .
The dyadosphere , the region in which a super critical field exists for the creation of electron-positron pairs , is here considered in the special case of a Reissner-Nordstrom geometry .	The interaction of the PEM pulse with the baryonic matter is described using a simplified model of a slab of constant thickness in the laboratory frame ( constant-thickness approximation ) as well as performing the integration of the general relativistic hydrodynamical equations .
This structure is designed by a constrained-optimization method , which combines advantages of both isotropy due to disorder and controlled scattering properties due to low density fluctuations ( hyperuniformity ) and uniform local topology .	Our experiments use a modular design composed of Al2O3 walls and cylinders arranged in a hyperuniform disordered network .
We then map the in-situ observations to the 2.5 solar radii surface .	With the aid of the potential-field-source surface model ( PFSS ) , we calculate the normal distance from the solar wind `` foot point '' to the local helisopheric current sheet on that surface .
We find that even if the mini-halos were chemically enriched by an earlier generation of stars , to have [ C/H ] $ \simeq $ -2.5 , the number of C IV lines with column density $ & gt ; 10^ { 12 } cm^ { -2 } $ , contributed by the mini-halos , at the redshift of 3 , would be only about 10 % of the total number of lines , for a chemical enrichment rate of $ ( 1+z ) ^ { -3 } $ in the galaxies .	Recently reported absence of heavy element lines associated with most of the Ly $ \alpha $ lines with H I column density between $ 10^ { 13.5 } cm^ { -2 } $ and $ 10^ { 14 } cm^ { -2 } $ by Lu et al ( 1998 ) , if correct , gives an upper limit on [ C/H ] =-3.7 , not only in the mini-halos , but also in the outer parts of galactic halos .
Although open at the moment , some of the lower bounds that we obtain possibly match the asymptotic upper bounds obtained in a recent article of A.-S. Sznitman .	This potentially yields special significance to the tilted walks that we use in this work , and to the strategy that we employ to implement disconnection .
We study how co-jumps influence covariance and correlation in currency markets .	We propose a new wavelet-based estimator of quadratic covariation that is able to disentangle the continuous part of quadratic covariation from co-jumps .
We present a comprehensive study of the velocity dispersion of the atomic ( HI ) and molecular ( H2 ) gas components in the disks ( R & lt ; R25 ) of a sample of 12 nearby spiral galaxies with moderate inclinations .	Our analysis is based on sensitive high resolution data from the THINGS ( atomic gas ) and HERACLES ( molecular gas ) surveys .
We argue that such changes in optical conductivity and electronic spectral weight over a broad frequency range is evidence of the important role of electronic correlations to the metal-insulator transitions in both of these vanadium oxides .	We observe a sharp optical transition with possible final state ( exciton ) effects in the insulating phase of VO2 .
Our results for this quantity shows features similar to the SWN with quenched disorder , but with a crossover time that goes inversely proportianal to the probability $ p $ of making a long range jump instead of being proportional to $ p^ { -2 } $ as in quenched case .	We have also carried out simulations on a modified annealed model where the crossover time goes as $ p^ { -2 } $ due to specific time dependent transition probabilities and we present an approximate self-consistent solution to it .
Analytical solutions for both a finite assembly and a periodic array of bubbles steadily moving in a Hele-Shaw channel are presented .	The particular case of multiple fingers penetrating into the channel and moving jointly with an assembly of bubbles is also analysed .
We first analyze the model in equilibrium , paying particular attention to subtracting ultraviolet divergent classical terms and replacing them by their finite quantum counterparts .	We use known results from lattice gauge theory and chiral perturbation theory to fix nonuniversal constants .
First we give an analytical expression for the finite part of the spectral density \rho_ { fin } .	This expression is relevant when both matter and ghost sectors are considered .
By comparison between the prediction and the measured values , effective electron densities in the electron beam ion trap ( EBIT ) plasmas performed by Lepson and collaborators at Lawrence Livermore EBIT , are estimated to be $ n_ { \rm e } =3.4^ { +0.8 } _ { -0.6 } \times10^ { 10 } $ cm $ ^ { -3 } $ and $ 5.6^ { +1.0 } _ { -1.1 } \times10^ { 10 } $ cm $ ^ { -3 } $ for sulphur and argon plasmas .	In case of argon , a good agreement is shown with the actual electron density derived from N VI K-shell spectrum .
Hence significant fraction of the phase space becomes accessible .	A wide range of novel reflective behaviors ensues ; including the phenomenon of negative reflection were energy transport remains on the same side of the normal .
Here we consider magnetic amorphous solids where mechanical and magnetic degrees of freedom interact , leading to rather complex plastic events whose nature must be disentangled .	In this paper we uncover the anatomy of the various contributions to some typical plastic events .
The most consistent and stable results were obtained by using a method based on singular value decomposition .	In spite of the complexity of the optics , the particles ' positions and momenta at the target have been precisely reconstructed from the coordinates measured in the detectors by means of a single back-tracing matrix .
As it turns out , no repricing is ever necessary , hence the methodology can be readily applied to books with complex derivatives .	We also present an analytical solution , useful for benchmarking , which per se generalizes notable previous results .
Rev.A \textbf { 88 } , 014102 ( 2013 ) ) , to reveal genuine tripartite nonlocality of generalized GHZ ( Greenberger-Horne-Zeilinger ) class and a subclass of extended GHZ class states ( \cite { ACN } ) thereby proving the conjecture given by Bancal , et.al.\cite { BAL } for the GGHZ class and the subclass of extended GHZ states .	We compare the violation of this inequality with Svetlichny inequality which reveals the efficiency of the former inequality over the latter to demonstrate genuine nonlocality using the above classes of quantum states .
Quantum resources outperform classical ones for certain communication and computational tasks .	Remarkably , in some cases , the quantum advantage can not be improved using hypothetical postquantum resources .
Computed Tomography ( CT ) measures the attenuation coefficient of an object and converts the value assigned to each voxel into a CT number .	In radiation therapy , CT number , which is directly proportional to the linear attenuation coefficient , is required to be converted to electron density for radiation dose calculation for cancer treatment .
In order to understand the mechanism driving the complexity and stability of such food webs , we developed an eco-evolutionary model in which new species emerge as modifications of existing ones and dynamic ecological interactions determine which species are viable .	The food-web structure thereby emerges from the dynamical interplay between speciation and trophic interactions .
Examples include a nematic and Ising ferromagnetic quantum-critical points , and fermions at a half-filled Landau level .	Fermi liquid behavior in these systems is broken at criticality by a singular self-energy , but the Fermi surface remains well defined .
Two distinct sets of transit events were detected : 1 ) a 152 +/- 4 ppm dimming lasting 1.811 +/- 0.024 hours with ephemeris T [ BJD ] =2454964.57375+N*0.837495 days and 2 ) a 376 +/- 9 ppm dimming lasting 6.86 +/- 0.07 hours with ephemeris T [ BJD ] =2454971.6761+N*45.29485 days .	Statistical tests on the photometric and pixel flux time series established the viability of the planet candidates triggering ground-based follow-up observations .
Here , we pragmatically and experimentally investigate important design trade-offs and properties of an irregular , abstract , yet physically plausible 3D small-world interconnect fabric that is inspired by modern network-on-chip paradigms .	We vary the framework 's key parameters , such as the connectivity , the number of switch nodes , the distribution of long- versus short-range connections , and measure the network 's relevant communication characteristics .
By using HI to map galactic rotation and the epicyclic approximation to extract sigma_z from the line-of-sight dispersion , we find that , with the lone exception of M101 , our disks do have a constant M/L out to ~3 optical scale lengths .	However , once outside this radius , sigma_z stops declining and becomes flat with radius .
We assume , that the quantum field interacts with the atom via the standard , minimal-coupling Hamiltonian , with the $ A^2 $ term neglected .	We also assume , that there will appear at most single excitations ( photons ) .
There exists on each Teichm\ '' uller space $ T_g $ ( comprising compact Riemann surfaces of genus $ g $ ) , a natural sequence of determinant ( of cohomology ) line bundles , $ DET_n $ , related to each other via certain `` Mumford isomorphisms '' .	There is a remarkable connection , ( Belavin-Knizhnik ) , between the Mumford isomorphisms and the existence of the Polyakov string measure on the Teichm\ '' uller space .
In addition the uncertainty and vagueness of the experts ' opinion is the prominent characteristic of the problem .	therefore an extensively used multi criteria decision making tool Fuzzy AHP can be utilized as an approach for supplier selection problem .
In QCD the nonlinear chromodynamical field between a quark and an antiquark is confined to a tube .	So we assume that there is the strong interaction between phonons which can confine them to some tube too .
We show that atomic motion can be cooled using cavity-enhanced rf Sisyphus cooling .	We also discuss how an atom can be loaded inside the nanosize crystal air gap from short-wavelength optical tweezers .
The derivation uses the notion of finite deformation to define the transformation of one region to another .	The main result is found by considering energy density in the original and transformed regions .
This has clearly demonstrated that these NLSy1 galaxies do have relativistic jets similar to two other cases of gamma-ray emitting Active Galactic Nuclei ( AGN ) , namely blazars and radio galaxies .	We present here our results on the multi-band analysis of two gamma-ray emitting NLSy1 galaxies namely PKS 1502+036 ( z = 0.409 ) and PKS 2004-447 ( z = 0.240 ) using archival data .
Furthermore , condensation operator of the superconductor has been analyzed .	Our results suggest that generically , NC effects increase the critical temperature of the holographic superconductor .
We carry out the quantization and obtain the Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation .	This quantization procedure realizes a possible resolution to the problem of time and observables in canonical quantum gravity .
The free energy function is written down using a multilayer model in which c-domain layers of one ferroelectric material alternate with a-domain layers of a second ferroelectric material .	We assume that the interfaces are perfectly sharp and that the polarization at these boundaries is zero .
We study the spectrum of an asymmetric random matrix with block structured variances .	The rows and columns of the random square matrix are divided into $ D $ partitions with arbitrary size ( linear in $ N $ ) .
The Einstein radius is estimated to be \theta_E=15.2 '' \pm 0.5 '' for the quasar redshift of z=2.197 .	We derive a radial mass distribution from the combination of strong lensing , HST/ACS weak lensing , and Subaru/Suprime-cam weak lensing analysis results , finding a best-fit virial mass of M_vir= ( 1.5+0.40-0.35 ) \times 10^14 h^-1 M_sun and a concentration parameter of c_vir=25.7+14.1-7.5 .
Careful performance engineering results in excellent node performance and good scalability to over 400,000 cores .	To increase the usability and flexibility of the framework , a Python interface was developed .
The HERMES experiment is collecting data on inclusive and semi-inclusive deep inelastic scattering of polarised positrons from polarised targets of H , D , and He .	These data give information on the spin structure of the nucleon .
We derive here the Friedland-Tverberg inequality for positive hyperbolic polynomials .	This inequality is applied to give lower bounds for the number of matchings in $ r $ -regular bipartite graphs .
This problem is currently attracting much attention from researchers for theoretical reasons and for potential applications .	Currently , the most popular approach to solve NMF is the multiplicative update algorithm proposed by D.D.Lee and H.S.Seung .
This two variable refinement was defined by Stanley \cite { stan-rota } for the general $ r $ -extended Shi hyperplane arrangements .	We give an interpretation when $ r=1 $ .
2011 ; Batalha et al .	2012 ) based on transit times measured during the first sixteen months of Kepler observations .
We give a generalized integral form of thermodynamics relation on virtual sphere of constant $ r $ in non-static spherical symmetric spacetimes .	This relation contains work term contributed by `redshift work density ' , `pressure density ' and `gravitational work density ' .
We have modified Landau-Khalatnikov approach and shown that the pyroelectric response of inhomogeneous ferroelectric-semiconductor films can be described by using six coupled equations for six order parameters : average displacement , its mean-square fluctuation and correlation with charge defects density fluctuations , average pyroelectric coefficient , its fluctuation and correlation with charge defects density fluctuations .	Coupled equations demonstrate the inhomogeneous reversal of pyroelectric response in contrast to the equations of Landau-Khalatnikov type , which describe the homogeneous reversal with the sharp pyroelectric coefficient peak near the thermodynamic coercive field value .
In the past year , polarized deep inelastic scattering experiments at CERN and SLAC have obtained structure function measurements off proton , neutron and deuteron targets at a level of precision never before achieved .	The measurements can be used to test the Bjorken and Ellis-Jaffe sum rules , and also to obtain information on the parton distributions in polarized nucleons .
The internal friction angle & amp ; # 981 ; , equal to 5.76 $ \pm $ 0.22 degrees in simple shear , is independent on the average pressure P in the rigid limit .	It is shown to stem from the ability of stable frictionless contact networks to form stress-induced anisotropic fabrics .
The operator is defined on the recently introduced space of partially diffeomorphism invariant states , and this space is preserved by the action of the operator .	To define the Euclidean part of the scalar constraint operator , we propose a specific regularization based on the idea of so-called `` special '' loops .
If this is the case , some mechanism must be present to adequately suppress operators that violate baryon number .	Here we explore the possibility that the desired suppression is a consequence of an additional , spontaneously-broken , non-anomalous U ( 1 ) symmetry that is orthogonal to hypercharge .
We show the model wavefunctions for the neutral collective modes in fractional quantum Hall ( FQH ) states have simple analytic forms obtained from judicially reducing the powers of selected pairs in the ground state Jastrow factor .	This scheme of `` pair excitations '' works for the magneto-roton modes of single-component Abelian and non-Abeliean FQH states , as well as the neutral fermion mode for the Moore-Read ( MR ) state .
In practice , the prognosis outcome data can be contaminated , and most of the existing methods are not robust to data contamination .	In the literature , it has been shown that even a single contaminated observation can lead to severely biased model estimation .
Recently , spatial stochastic models based on determinantal point processes ( DPP ) are studied as promising models for analysis of cellular wireless networks .	Indeed , the DPPs can express the repulsive nature of the macro base station ( BS ) configuration observed in a real cellular network and have many desirable mathematical properties to analyze the network performance .
Experiments at CERN/ISOLDE have played a pioneering role in exploring the characteristics of nuclear structure in terms of masses and beta-decay properties .	Initial examinations paid attention to far unstable nuclei with magic neutron numbers related to r-process peaks , while present activities are centered on the evolution of shell effects with the distance from the valley of stability .
Inducing magnetism in graphene holds great promises , such as controlling the exchange interaction with a gate electrode and generating exotic magnetic phases .	Coating graphene with magnetic molecules or atoms has so far mostly lead to decreased graphene mobility .
Near normal incident far-infrared reflectivity spectra of [ 111 ] dysprosium titanate ( Dy2Ti2O4 ) single crystal have been measured at different temperatures .	Seven phonon modes ( eight at low temperature ) are identified at frequency below 1000 cm-1 .
To this end we have investigated the effect of an external periodic modulation on intermittent signals observed by high power ferromagnetic resonance in yttrium iron garnet spheres .	Both the signal-to-noise ratio and the residence time distributions show the characteristic features of stochastic resonance .
We used a digital filter designed to search for individual cosmic strings and found no evidence for them in the WMAP CMB anisotropies to a level of $ \Delta T/T \sim 0.29 $ mK .	This corresponds to an absence of cosmic strings with $ G\mu \ga 1.07 \times 10^ { -5 } $ for strings moving with velocity $ v = c/\sqrt { 2 } $ .
We report a study on the optical dipole force in a ladder like three level atomic systems in the context of coherent population transfer with the chirped few-cycle-pulse laser fields .	The phenomenon of coherent population transfer is investigated by numerically solving the appropriate density matrix equations beyond the rotating wave approximation .
We show that these interactions can implement controlled phase gates on the register by utilising geometric phases that are created when closed loops are traversed in this phase space .	The extra degrees of freedom of the ancilla can be harnessed to reduce the number of operations required for certain gate sequences .
It is shown that if switching time is synchronous with zero crossing of the voltage signal across the switched capacitor , impulsive components can be avoided and continuity of electric charge is satisfied without energy dissipation .	We use this property to realize a fast binary frequency-shift keying ( FSK ) modulator with only a single RF source .
Identifying the properties of the first generation of seeds of massive black holes is key to understanding the merger history and growth of galaxies .	Mergers between ~100 solar mass seed black holes generate gravitational waves in the 0.1-10Hz band that lies between the sensitivity bands of existing ground-based detectors and the planned space-based gravitational wave detector , the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna ( LISA ) .
We concentrate our study on the connection between complexity and neutron star properties , like maximum mass and the corresponding radius , applying a specific set of realistic equation of states .	Moreover , the effect of the strength of the gravitational field on the neutron star structure and consequently on the complexity measure is also investigated .
Electromagnetically induced transparency has great theoretical and experimental importance in many physics subjects , such as atomic physics , quantum optics , and more recent cavity optomechanics .	Optical delay is the most prominent feature of electromagnetically induced transparency , and in cavity optomechanics optical delay is limited by mechanical dissipation rate of sideband-resolved mechanical modes .
Simplified Go models , where only native contacts interact favorably , have proven useful to characterize some aspects of the folding of small proteins .	The success of these models is limited by the fact that all residues interact in the same way , so that the folding features of a protein are determined only by the geometry of its native conformation .
In Part II , we develop a practical secret key agreement protocol for Gaussian and quasi-static fading wiretap channels .	The protocol uses a four-step procedure to secure communications : establish common randomness via an opportunistic transmission , perform message reconciliation , establish a common key via privacy amplification , and use of the key .
Using simulations in an expanding Friedmann-Lema\^itre-Robertson-Walker spacetime , in this paper we show how preheating is affected by the addition of multiple fields coupled to the inflaton .	We focus our attention on gravitational wave production -- an important potential observational signature of the preheating stage .
We also show that the Flynn and Gray algorithm can be used to efficiently compute EDM estimates and show that they can be efficiently and accurately represented by recursive dyadic partitions .	The EDM formulation have several advantages .
These configurations are \beta-deformed versions of the folded string solutions in AdS_ { 5 } \times S^ { 5 } background .	They correspond to certain single trace operators in the \mathcal { N } =1 superconformal \beta deformation of \mathcal { N } =4 Yang-Mills .
However , toroidal compactifications are phenomenologically unrealistic .	In this paper we therefore take a first step toward extending these cosmological considerations to $ D $ -dimensional toroidal orbifolds .
We derive a pair approximation ( PA ) for the NO+CO model with instantaneous reactions .	For both the triangular and square lattices , the PA , derived here using a simpler approach , yields a phase diagram with an active state for CO-fractions y in the interval y_1 & lt ; y & lt ; y_2 , with a continuous ( discontinuous ) phase transition to a poisoned state at y_1 ( y_2 ) .
Coherent quantum phase slip phenomenon is `` dual '' the Josephson phase coherence while the charge quantization is dual to the flux quantization .	We present the experimental demonstration and the theoretical description of a new superconducting device - Single Flux Transistor , which is dual to the Single Cooper Pair Transistor .
We prove that spectra of graphs , and also some important graph parameters such as numbers of colorings or matchings , behave well in convergent graph sequences .	Special attention is given to graph sequences of large essential girth , for which asymptotics of coloring numbers are explicitly calculated .
We report measurements of the de Haas - van Alphen effect on a series of compounds , LaMIn $ _ { 5 } $ ( M = Co , Rh , Ir ) .	The results show that each of the Co and Ir Fermi surfaces ( FSs ) exhibit some portions that are two dimensional and some portions that are three dimensional .
Coalescing binary black hole mergers are expected to be the strongest gravitational wave sources for ground-based interferometers , such as the LIGO , VIRGO , and GEO600 , as well as the space-based interferometer LISA .	Until recently it has been impossible to reliably derive the predictions of General Relativity for the final merger stage , which takes place in the strong-field regime .
The radio-loud BCG at the center of the cool core cluster RBS 797 is known to exhibit a misalignment of its 5 GHz radio emission observed at different VLA resolutions , with the innermost kpc-scale jets being almost orthogonal to the radio lobes which extends for tens of kpc filling the X-ray cavities seen by Chandra .	The different radio directions may be caused by rapid jet reorientation due to interaction with a secondary supermassive black hole ( SMBH ) , or to the presence of two AGN , probably in a merging phase , which are emitting radio jets in different directions .
To add to that , nothing stays still : today 's 'must have ' technology rapidly becomes tomorrow 's legacy problem that must be managed along with everything else .	How can these problems be dealt with ?
Boolean satisfiability problems are an important benchmark for questions about complexity , algorithms , heuristics and threshold phenomena .	Recent work on heuristics , and the satisfiability threshold has centered around the structure and connectivity of the solution space .
Responses and confounding variables are not treated equally as relevant parameters of the distributions of the responses only are modeled in terms of explanatory variables or risk factors .	Spatial dependence is introduced by allowing the weights of the nonparametric process priors to be location specific , obtained as probit transformations of Gaussian Markov random fields .
Importantly , these effects are strong enough to drive the zone-diagonal states below the chemical potential , implying that d-wave superconductivity in this compound would be of a novel `` nodeless '' gap variety .	The gross features of the Fermi surface topology and low energy electronic structure are found to be well described by reconstruction of bands by a $ \sqrt { 2 } \times\sqrt { 2 } $ order .
We then specialize the formalism to the particular case in which this volume is centered on a peak of the smoothed Gaussian density field and approximated by an isodensity ellipsoid .	The result is the appropriate analytical estimate for the rms angular momentum of peaks to be compared against simulations that make use of the Hoffman-Ribak algorithm to set up a constrained density field that contains a peak with given shape .
It is found that the free energy of cell membranes has the form of the in-plane strain energy plus Helfrich 's curvature energy .	The equations to describe equilibrium shapes and in-plane strains of cell membranes by osmotic pressures are obtained by taking the first order variation of the total free energy containing the elastic free energy , the surface tension energy and the term induced by osmotic pressure .
This is the highest frequency QPO modulation seen to date from a black hole .	The QPO is detected only in the hard X-ray band above 13 keV .
A geometric approach is used to study a family of higher-order nonlinear Abel equations .	The inverse problem of the Lagrangian dynamics is studied in the particular case of the second-order Abel equation and the existence of two alternative Lagrangian formulations is proved , both Lagrangians being of a non-natural class ( neither potential nor kinetic term ) .
We use the method of moments to show that for k & gt ; 1 the largest eigenvalue is still approximately ( 1+sqrt { p/d^k } ) ^2 and the spectral density approaches that of the Marcenko-Pastur law , generalizing the random matrix theory result to the random tensor case .	Our bound on the largest eigenvalue has implications both for sampling from a particular heavy-tailed distribution and for a recently proposed quantum data-hiding and correlation-locking scheme due to Leung and Winter .
Here we present observations of the luminous emission line halo and the stellar components of this radio galaxy .	Optical narrow band imaging shows a very extended ( about 160 kpc ) and luminous Lyman alpha halo .
The generalized Finslerian structures of gravity-free space and time in the usual inertial coordinate system have been proposed .	Here , in this lecture , I talk about these structures of gravity-free space and time and their recognized phenomena .
However , the collective behaviour observed in experiments usually leaves considerable unconstrained freedom in the structure of these models .	To tackle this degeneracy , and better distinguish between candidate models , we study swarms of SPPs circulating in channels ( like spins ) where we permit information to pass through windows between neighbouring channels .
Main attention has been paid to the process of long-time relaxation of physical characteristics of these compounds after their state of thermodynamic equilibrium was disturbed by external influences .	The long-time relaxation along with the pronounced frequency dependence of parameters ( for example , dependence of dielectric or magnetic characteristics on the frequency of measuring field ) is considered as main features due to which these systems are classified as dipole glasses .
Using approximately 6,100 photospheric spectral lines covering the visible domain , we employed a cross-correlation procedure to compute a mean polarized line profile from each spectrum .	The large-scale photospheric magnetic field of the star was then modelled by means of Zeeman-Doppler Imaging , allowing us to follow the year-to-year evolution of the reconstructed magnetic topology .
The modulation of the couplings follows an aperiodic sequence generated through substitution .	According to Luck 's criterion , such a perturbation becomes marginal when the wandering exponent of the sequence vanishes .
The origin of the radio emission in radio-quiet quasars ( RQQs ) has been a matter of debate for a long time .	It is not well understood whether the emission is caused by star formation in the host galaxy or by black hole activity of the active galactic nuclei ( AGN ) .
We discuss applications of the JIMWLK renormalization group equation to multigluon correlations in high energy collisions .	This includes recent progress in computing the energy dependence of higher point Wilson line correlators from the JIMWLK renormalization group equation .
For smoothing scales above 8 Mpc/h it shows a good agreement up to redshift 0 .	We present a simple fitting formula to relate the linear and non-linear density contrast that accurately recovers the non-linear time evolution for 0 & lt ; = z & lt ; = 10 at the per cent level .
The Cryogenic Dark Matter Search ( CDMS ) and XENON experiments aim to directly detect dark matter in the form of weakly interacting massive particles ( WIMPs ) via their elastic scattering on the target nuclei .	The experiments use different techniques to suppress background event rates to the minimum , and at the same time , to achieve a high WIMP detection rate .
Excitation energies , angular distributions and analyzing powers were measured for 39 states up to 4.5 MeV excitation energy .	Spin and parity assignments were made and spectroscopic factors deduced by comparison to DWBA calculations .
In recent studies we have multiply envisioned the irrationality of the traditional plasma kinetis [ 1 -- 5 ] .	Its basic false cornerstone was shown to be the substitution of real plasmas by plasma probabilistic ensembles [ 1 -- 3 ] .
To analyze this conflict of interest , we formalize energy-efficient power allocation as a utility maximization problem and present a simple algorithm that performs close to the optimum .	By formulating selfish CSI reporting as a game , we prove the existence of an unique equilibrium and characterize energy efficiency with true and selfish CSI in closed form .
Over the past decade , a wide variety of techniques have been studied for building such models .	Here , we describe extensions and improvements of existing models , new families of models , and -- perhaps most importantly -- a much more thorough treatment of algorithm parameters as model inputs .
Astrophysical systems differ often in two points from classical thermodynamical systems : 1 . )	They are open and 2 . )
However , since we do not have perfect measurements of the standard Lambda Cold Dark Matter model parameters some correlation remains between the neutrino mass and number of species , and both parameters should be included in the analysis .	Combining the newest observations of several cosmological probes ( cosmic microwave background , large scale structure , expansion rate ) we obtain N_eff=3.58 ( +0.15/-0.16 at 68 % CL ) ( +0.55/-0.53 at 95 % CL ) and a sum of neutrino masses of less than 0.60 eV ( 95 CL ) , which are currently the strongest constraints on N_eff and M_nu from an analysis including both parameters .
In this case , the requirement that the deviation of the adiabatic perturbations from scale invariance due to the Affleck-Dine field is not too large imposes a lower bound on the magnitude of the isocurvature fluctuation of about $ 10^ { -2 } $ times the adiabatic perturbation .	This should be observable by MAP and PLANCK .
This correction is of the order of $ \ell^3 $ , if $ v_1 $ and $ v_2 $ are respectively analytic throughout this interval except at $ x=\ell $ and $ x=0 $ .	We use these results to explore the superposition of a pair of unidirectionally invisible potentials with overlapping support .
This process is analogous to the radiation from an accelerated charge in the classical electromagnetic theory .	Using the framework of quantum field theory in curved spacetime , we demonstrate that the Wentzel-Kramers-Brillouin ( WKB ) approximation leads to the Larmor formula for the rate of the radiation energy from a moving charge in an expanding universe .
We present polarisation properties at $ 1.4\ , $ GHz of two separate extragalactic source populations : passive quiescent galaxies and luminous quasar-like galaxies .	We use data from the { \it Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer } data to determine the host galaxy population of the polarised extragalactic radio sources .
This is common to all four IRDC clumps we studied , suggesting that turbulence plays an important role in the early stages of clustered star formation .	Masers , shock heated $ \rm { NH_3 } $ gas , and outflows indicate intense ongoing star formation in some cores while no such signatures are found in others .
The simplified physics model is described and simulated using simple constant angular velocity equation .	Four computer model design ideas such as 1 ) simple and realistic 3D view and associated learning to real world , 2 ) comparative visualization of permanent geostationary satellite 3 ) examples of non-geostationary orbits of different 3-1 ) rotation sense , 3-2 ) periods , 3-3 ) planes and 4 ) incorrect physics model for conceptual discourse are discussed .
However , in principle , extra-solar giant planets ( EGPs ) can have a wide range of masses and , hence , can be significantly brighter than Jupiter .	Furthermore , the maximum mass a planet can have is not known a priori , and observations will be needed to determine it .
We compute separation bounds for the roots , and using them we deduce that we can isolate the real roots of $ B_ { \alpha } $ in $ \sOB ( N^ { 10 } ) $ , where $ N $ is an upper bound on all the quantities ( degree and bitsize ) of the input polynomials .	In the second approach we isolate the real roots working directly on the polynomial of the input .
Moreover by adding memory and dynamical topology to state update rules we somehow forge elementary but non-traditional models of neurons networks ( aka neuron layers in frontal parts ) .	In present paper we demonstrate how this can be done on a self-inhibitory excitable cellular automata .
As a corollary we obtain that under this last hypothesis , the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer Conjecture holds for almost all curves in our family , and that asymptotically one half of these curves have algebraic rank $ 0 $ , and the remaining half $ 1 $ .	We also prove an analogous result in the family of all elliptic curves .
Since mobile devices have camera , a major thrust of this research has been seeks to acquire the local scene and apply image retrieval techniques by querying a GPS-tagged image database to find the best match for the acquired scene..	The techniques are however computationally demanding and unsuitable for real-time applications such as assistive technology for navigation by the blind and visually impaired which motivated out work .
We investigate how the SSP-equivalent stellar parameters of the CSP 's depend on the stellar parameters of the two input populations ; how they depend on V-band luminosity-weighted stellar parameters ; and how SSP-equivalent parameters derived from different Balmer-line indices can be used to reveal the presence of a young population on top of an old one .	We find that the SSP-equivalent age depends primarily on the age of the young population and on the mass fraction of the two populations , and that the SSP-equivalent chemical composition depends mainly on the chemical composition of the old population .
The X-ray weakness of broad absorption line ( BAL ) quasars in comparison to non-BAL objects is possibly caused by the absorption of X-ray emission by the shielding material near the equatorial plane .	On the other hand , the radio-loud BALQSOs are more X-ray loud than the radio-quiet ones .
During this period Cygnus X-1 experienced a hard-to-soft and then a soft-to-hard state transition .	The low-energy X-ray ( 1.3-12 keV ) and high-energy X-ray ( 20-200 keV ) fluxes are strongly anti-correlated during this period .
The region of saturation and the saturated value depend on the coupling between junctions .	We explain the results by the parametric resonance at the breakpoint and excitation of the longitudinal plasma wave by the Josephson oscillations .
The introduction of a semiconducting nanoparticle introduces new tuning capabilities , which are absent in conventional metal-molecule-metal junctions .	Using a generic model for the molecule and nanoparticle with realistic parameters , we demonstrate that the thermopower can be of the order of hundreds of microvolts per degree Kelvin , and that the thermoelectric figure of merit can reach values close to one , an improvement of four orders of magnitude improvement over existing measurements .
Few-mode fiber amplifier is widely under study to overcome the issue of internet traffic in optical communication .	This article proposes annulus core few-mode erbium doped fiber ( FM-EDF ) with annulus or extra annulus doping for amplification of the LP01 , LP11 , LP21 , and LP31 signal mode groups with low differential modal gain ( DMG ) .
Then topological excitations have a logarithmically divergent energy and they can be described by effective field theories generalizing the two-dimensional euclidean sine-Gordon theory , which is an effective theory of the initial XY-model .	In particular , the effective actions for the two-dimensional chiral models on maximal abelian tori T_G of simple compact groups G are found .
( 2004 ) have proposed a new dynamical model for the mass density profile of clusters of galaxies as a result of a set of high resolution hydrodynamical simulations of structure formation .	We investigate the lensing properties of this model evaluating the deflection angle , the lensing potential and the amplification of the images .
An alternative to the matrix inverse procedure is presented .	Given a bit register which is arbitrarily large , the matrix inverse to an arbitrarily large matrix can be peformed in $ { \cal O } ( N^2 ) $ operations , and to matrix multiplication on a vector in $ { \cal O } ( N ) $ .
We introduce a steering measure for two-mode continuous variable systems that is valid for arbitrary states .	The measure is based on the violation of an optimized variance test for the EPR paradox , and admits a computable and experimentally friendly lower bound only depending on the second moments of the state , which reduces to a recently proposed quantifier of steerability by Gaussian measurements .
Here , we report on the first measurement of $ \sin ( 2\beta ) $ , a CP violation parameter , and on an improved measurement of the top quark cross section .	We also report on searches for the so-far elusive Higgs boson , and for SUSY , through searches for direct production of top and bottom scalar quarks .
A detailed study of the Inelastic Neutron Scattering ( INS ) spectra of the high- $ T_c $ cuprates based on the Fermi liquid ( FL ) picture is given .	We focus on the issue of the transformation between the commensurate and incommensurate ( IC ) excitation driven by frequency or $ temperature $ .
We also measure the timing properties of the source by analyzing data spanning approximately 2500 days .	The measured period and period derivative are 10.610644 ( 17 ) s ( MJD 53999.06 ) and & lt ; 4 X 10^ { -13 } s s^-1 ( 90 % confidence ) which imply that the spin-inferred dipolar magnetic field of the source is less than 7 X 10^ { 13 } G. This is significantly smaller than was suggested previously .
According to the recycling scenario , millisecond pulsars ( MSPs ) have evolved from low-mass X-ray binaries ( LMXBs ) .	Their orbits are expected to be circular due to tidal interactions during the binary evolution , as observed in most of the binary MSPs .
Instead , it aims to remove the most significant interference signals .	This PIC-IA strategy generalizes the conventional IA concept by addressing partial , instead of complete , interference cancelation .
Here , we show that regulation against these fluctuations arises naturally within a two-channel quantum heat engine photocell , thus enabling the efficient conversion of varying incident solar spectrum at Earth 's surface .	Remarkably , absorption in the green portion of the spectrum is avoided , as it provides no inherent regulatory benefit .
We find that : ( 1 ) ISM Na D absorption lines with equivalent widths EW & gt ; 0.8A are only prevalent in disk galaxies with specific properties -- large extinction ( Av ) , high star formation rates ( SFR ) , high star formation rate per unit area ( $ \Sigma_ { \rm SFR } $ ) , or high stellar mass ( M* ) .	( 2 ) the ISM Na D absorption lines can be separated into two components : a quiescent disk-like component at the galaxy systemic velocity and an outflow component ; ( 3 ) the disk-like component is much stronger in the edge-on systems , and the outflow component covers a wide angle but is stronger within 60deg of the disk rotation axis ; ( 4 ) the EW and covering factor of the disk component correlate strongly with dust attenuation , highlighting the importance that dust shielding may play the survival of Na I .
To improve on previous methods , a new Local Bi- nary Pattern-based method ( LBP ) is proposed .	Beside its simplicity , LBP is robust against low contrast and low quality fundus images ; and it helps the process by including additional AV texture and shape information .
We also show that the photocurrent strongly depends on the position of the laser spot with maximum photocurrent occurring at the metal-film interface .	We explain the photoresponse due to exciton dissociations and charge carrier separation caused by a Schottky barrier at the metallic electrode - SWCNT interface
The measured height dependence of the linewidths is in good agreement with Stark coefficients calculated for the experimental shape variation .	We attribute the microscopic source of fluctuating electric fields to the random motion of surface charges at the vacuum-semiconductor interface .
In particular , we compare the case of a surface detector at the far site augmented by a near detector , to that with the far site detector placed deep underground but no near detector .	In the latter case , information from atmospheric neutrino events is also utilized .
We point out the natural isomorphism between the group of orthogonal automorphisms of the Courant bracket and the group of local canonical transformations of the cotangent bundle of the loop space .	Indeed this fact explains the natural relation between the world-sheet and the geometry of T+T^* .
Variational inference provides approximations to the computationally intractable posterior distribution in Bayesian networks .	A prominent medical application of noisy-or Bayesian network is to infer potential diseases given observed symptoms .
When an inner product is specified for differential forms , classical action can be deduced for lattice gauge fields .	Besides the familiar Wilson action being recovered , an additional term , related to the non-unitarity of link variables and loops spanning no area , emerges .
We present results on the excitation properties of z~2.3 galaxies using early observations from the MOSFIRE Deep Evolution Field ( MOSDEF ) Survey .	With its coverage of the full suite of strong rest-frame optical emission lines , MOSDEF provides an unprecedented view of the rest-frame optical spectra of a representative sample of distant star-forming galaxies .
In the present paper we extend that description to account for the Casimir effect .	We consider that the linear momentum $ \sum\frac { 1 } { 2 } \hbar { \bf k } $ of the vacuum state in quantum electrodynamics corresponds to the linear momentum of virtual photons .
It is well known that , if $ S $ is irreducible , reduced and locally of finite type over a field $ k $ of characteristic zero , the fibre $ C_\xi $ and the corresponding monodromy representation determine the relative isomorphism class of the family .	In the first part of the paper , it is shown that suitable quotients of this representation suffice .
PDQ enables flow preemption to approximate a range of scheduling disciplines .	For example , PDQ can emulate a shortest job first algorithm to give priority to the short flows by pausing the contending flows .
We find no evidence for the relaxation of a hot thermalized electron gas as observed in metals .	Instead , a quick diffusion of the hot nonthermal carries ~40 nm into the bulk is detected enhanced by the presence of a broad ~1 eV pseudogap .
The $ E_ { \text { cm } } = 1113 $ keV resonance plays an important role in the determination of stellar rates for this reaction since it is used to normalize experimental direct capture yields at lower energies .	The commonly accepted strength of this resonance , $ \omega \gamma = 1.13 \pm 0.07 $ eV , has been misinterpreted as the strength in the center-of-mass frame when it is actually the strength in the laboratory frame .
After simultaneous compactification of spacetime and worldvolume on $ K3 $ , the $ D=10 $ heterotic fivebrane with gauge group $ SO ( 32 ) $ behaves like a $ D=6 $ heterotic string with gauge group $ SO ( 28 ) \times SU ( 2 ) $ , but with Kac -- Moody levels different from those of the fundamental string .	Thus the string/fivebrane duality conjecture in $ D=10 $ gets replaced by a string/string duality conjecture in $ D=6 $ .
It contains another scalar doublet and three additional singlet fermions ( N_i ) , all odd under a Z_2 symmetry .	In this paper , we examine the possibility that the dark matter candidate , N_1 , does not reach thermal equilibrium in the early Universe so that it behaves as a Feebly Interacting Massive Particle ( FIMP ) .
Here we propose a stylized model , predicting two possible outcomes of the experiments for large adverse flow : either the front develops a sawtooth shape , or it acquires a complicated structure with islands and overhangs .	A simple criterion allows to distinguish between the two scenarios and its validity is reproduced by direct hydrodynamical simulations .
Afterwards we recall -besides ordinary waves ( gaussian beams , gaussian pulses ) - the simplest non diffracting waves ( Bessel beams , X-shaped pulses , ... ) .	In Sec.2 we show how to eliminate any backward-traveling components , first in the case of ideal NDW pulses , and then , in Sec.3 , for realistic finite-energy NDW pulses .
We investigate the spreading of damage in the three-dimensional Ising model by means of large-scale Monte-Carlo simulations .	Within the Glauber dynamics we use different rules for the order in which the sites are updated .
In contrast to that deconfined regions created in heavy ion collisions are bordered by the confined phase .	Here we discuss BCs in LGT , which model a cold exterior of the lattice volume .
The Weak Turbulence Theory has been applied to waves in thin elastic plates obeying the F\ '' oppl-Von K\'arm\'an dynamical equations .	Subsequent experiments have shown a strong discrepancy between the theoretical predictions and the measurements .
By analyzing the gradient on the convexity index $ \lambda $ , we explain the reason why to learn $ \lambda $ adaptively using gradient descent works .	In practice , we show how this method improves training of deep neural networks to solve visual recognition tasks on the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets .
We have used the high sensitivity and resolution of the IRAM interferometer to produce sub-arcsecond 12CO 2-1 images of 9 protoplanetary disks surrounding T Tauri stars in the Taurus-Auriga cloud ( 7 singles and 2 binaries ) .	The images demonstrate the disks are in Keplerian rotation around their central stars .
We study the time structure of vacuum jet evolution via a simple uncertainty principle estimate in the kinematic range explored by current heavy ion collisions at the LHC .	We observe that a large fraction of the partonic splittings occur at large times , of the order of several fm .
The slopes of log N ( m ) / dm are 0.40 to 0.45 at 15 & lt ; K & lt ; 18 and 16 & lt ; J & lt ; 19.5 .	Our counts favor galaxy models with a high normalization of the local luminosity function and without strong evolution .
By relaxing the requirement on the discrete symmetries that are often imposed on the Yukawa couplings , we try to see which of the 2HDMs is preferred .	We found that ( i ) Higgcision in 2HDMs can be performed efficiently by using only 4 parameters including the charged Higgs contributions to the Higgs couplings to two photons , ( ii ) the differences among various types of 2HDMs are very small with respect to the chi-square fits , ( iii ) $ \tan\beta $ is constrained to be small , ( iv ) the $ p $ -values for various fits in 2HDMs are worse than that of the standard model .
Kinematic distributions in the decays of the newly discovered resonance to four leptons are a powerful test of the tensor structure of its couplings to electroweak gauge bosons .	We present an analytic calculation for both signal and background of the fully differential cross section for the `Golden Channel ' $ e^+e^-\mu^+\mu^- $ final state .
Next we apply the AdS Pomeron to the study of Deeply Virtual Compton Scattering ( DVCS ) , and see that our model gives good results when compared to HERA data .	We then show how we can extend our results to double Pomeron exchange , and apply it to developing a formalism for the study of double diffractive Higgs production .
And during such events , citizens are turning to social media platforms for disaster-related communication and information .	Social media improves situational awareness , facilitates dissemination of emergency information , enables early warning systems , and helps coordinate relief efforts .
First we calculate the `` spinodal '' onset of instability in sweeps along the intrinsic constitutive curve .	For startup `` quenches '' into the unstable region , the instability usually occurs before the intrinsic constitutive curve can be attained so we analyse the fluctuations with respect to the homogeneous startup flow to find the selected length and time scales at which inhomogeneity first emerges .
The mass difference between those two states is of order of $ 1/N_c $ .	The value calculated for the $ 0^ { -+ } $ QCD glueball mass can not be reconciled with any physical state observed so far in the corresponding channel .
The laser resonator was fabricated with a chaotic , D-shaped cavity optimized to achieve highly multimode lasing .	Lasing occurs simultaneously and independently in ~1000 modes , and hence the total emission exhibits very low spatial coherence .
The issue of coordinate invariance makes the analysis more complicated for scalar fluctuations than for gravitational waves .	We show that the back-reaction of fluctuations can be described in a diffeomorphism-invariant way .
The hadron emission from the droplet is described following Weisskopf 's statistical model .	We have considered evolution of baryon-free droplets which have different initial temperatures and expansion rates .
Making use of the typical minimal , median and maximal models obtained from a previous global fit , we show that the variation of the upper limits is around a factor of five .	The possibility of DM contribution to the high energy $ \bar p/p $ data is discussed .
We found that the fluctuations of the modulus of the order parameter do not change the particle-hole asymmetry ( PHA ) of the thermomagnetic effects .	As in the normal state , the thermomagnetic effects in the fluctuation region are proportional to the square of PHA and , therefore , small .
A 2D lattice model defined on a triangular lattice with nearest- and next-nearest-neighbor interactions based on the Taylor-Socolar monotile is known to have a limit-periodic ground state .	The system reaches that state during a slow quench through an infinite sequence of phase transitions .
Fidelity decay is studied for quantum many-body systems with a dominant independent particle Hamiltonian resulting e.g.from a mean field theory with a weak two-body interaction .	The diagonal terms of the interaction are included in the unperturbed Hamiltonian , while the off-diagonal terms constitute the perturbation that distorts the echo .
If the standard models of evolution are correct then long-period ( P_orb & gt ; 5 hrs ) CVs should be typically less than 1.5 Gyr old , and their line-of-sight velocity dispersion ( $ \sigma_\gamma $ ) should be small .	We present results from a pilot study which indicate that this postulate is indeed true .
Low energy states of self-gravitating systems with finite angular momentum are considered .	A constraint is introduced to confine cores and other condensed objects within the system boundaries by gravity alone .
The formulation is first calibrated on a solar model in such a way as to reproduce the solar seismic data .	This allows to investigate different assumptions about the stellar turbulent spectrum .
We present investigations on volume regulation and beading shape transitions in PC12 neurites conducted using a flow-chamber technique .	By disrupting the cell cytoskeleton with specific drugs we investigate the role of its individual components in the volume regulation response .
Secondary photons contribute to signals of point sources only if the intergalactic magnetic fields are very small , below ~10 femtogauss , and their detection can be used to set upper bounds on magnetic fields along the line of sight .	Secondary gamma rays have distinct spectral and temporal features .
We report a full analysis of the evolution of the two jets with a gamma-ray burst external shock model .	A plausible scenario suggests a cavity outside the central source and the jets first travelled with constant velocity and then are slowed down by the interactions between the jets and the interstellar medium ( ISM ) .
A non-intuitive introductory-level problem was identified and posed to twenty physics professors .	The problem placed the professors in a situation often encountered by students , and their response highlights the importance of intuition and experience in problem solving .
The eta-pi mass spectrum agrees closely and the absolute normalisation lies just within errors .	However , BES parameters for fo ( 980 ) predict a normalisation for phi - & gt ; gamma ( pizero-pizero ) at least a factor 2 lower than is observed .
We propose a statistical approach to tornadoes modeling for predicting and simulating occurrences of tornadoes and accumulated cost distributions over a time interval .	This is achieved by modeling the tornadoes intensity , measured with the Fujita scale , as a stochastic process .
Il is argued that the generalisation of the mechanical principles to other variables than localisation , velocity and momentum leads to the laws of generalized dynamics under the condition of continuous and derivable space time .	However , when the fractality arises , the mechanics principles may no more be extended especially because the time and space singularity appears on the boundary and creates curvature .
This measurement is based on observations of the Rossiter-McLaughlin ( RM ) effect with the Planet Finder Spectrograph on the Magellan II telescope .	The result conforms with the previously noted pattern among hot-Jupiter hosts , namely , that the hosts lacking thick convective envelopes have high obliquities .
Motivated by the structure of networks of cross-linked cytoskeletal biopolymers , we study the orientationally ordered phases in two-dimensional networks of randomly cross-linked semiflexible polymers .	We consider permanent cross-links which prescribe a finite angle and treat them as quenched disorder in a semi-microscopic replica field theory .
For the suspension , we use an iso-dense mixture where the fluid and the particles have the same density .	The volume fraction of particles can thus be adjusted over a wide range .
Our absorber sample contains 110 absorbers ( DLAs , sub-DLAs & amp ; LLSs ) .	We compare our Ti/Ca findings with results from the Milky Way and the Magellanic Clouds and discuss the properties of Ti/Ca absorbers in the general context of quasar absorption-line systems.Our analysis indicates that there are two distinct populations of absorbers with either high or low Ti/Ca ratios with a separation at [ Ti/Ca } ] ~1 .
We investigate the relation between the vacuum curvature emission and Cherenkov emission and argue , that for the superluminal motion of a particle in the inhomogeneous magnetic field in a dielectric , the combined effects of magnetic field inhomogeneity and presence of a medium give rise to the synergetic Cherenkov-curvature emission process .	We find the conditions when the operator relations between electric field and electric displacement in cylindrical coordinates may be approximated by algebraic relations .
In this case , a lack of polarization is expected in the region of the spot , as compared to the typical values associated to large fluctuations of a GIRF .	In addition , other physical processes related to a non-linear evolution of the gravitational field could lead to a similar scenario .
The baryonic gas loses the thermal energy by radiative cooling and falls towards the centres of the new galaxies , while supernovae ( SNe ) blow gas out .	Any realistic model therefore requires a proper treatment of these processes , but hitherto this has been far from satisfactory .
Any compact simple Lie group G has a canonical 2-plectic structure , so it is natural to wonder what Lie 2-algebra this example yields .	This Lie 2-algebra is infinite-dimensional , but we show here that the sub-Lie-2-algebra of left-invariant observables is finite-dimensional , and isomorphic to the already known `` string Lie 2-algebra '' associated to G. So , categorified symplectic geometry gives a geometric construction of the string Lie 2-algebra .
Results : We find a self-similar solution for the dynamical evolution of self-gravitating { \alpha } -disks and derive the significant quantities .	In the Keplerian part of the disk our model is consistent with standard stationary { \alpha } -disk theory , and self-consistent throughout the self-gravitating regime .
We identify a critical value of the linear gain , separating the possible decay of solutions to the trivial zero-state , from collapse .	The numerical simulations , performed for a wide class of initial data , are found to be in very good agreement with the analytical results , and reveal long-time stability properties of localized solutions .
The kinematics of oscillations can be either prescribed or can result dynamically from the presence of an external oscillating velocity field .	Steady streaming in the fluid , the inertial rectification of the time-periodic oscillating flow , generates steady stresses on the particle which , in general , do not average to zero , resulting in a finite propulsion speed along the axis of the symmetry of the particle and perpendicular to the oscillation direction .
We establish the bijective correspondence .	At the fixed point , the diffeomorphisms may be differentiable or nondifferentiable .
When $ \beta $ has the form $ \hat { \beta } /\sqrt { n } $ for a parameter $ \hat { \beta } & gt ; 0 $ , we show that there is a cutoff value $ 0 & lt ; \kappa & lt ; \infty $ such that as $ n \to \infty $ the variance of the normalized partition function tends to zero for $ \hat { \beta } \leq \kappa $ and grows without bound for $ \hat { \beta } & gt ; \kappa $ .	We obtain a more refined description of the border between these two regimes by setting the inverse temperature to $ \kappa/\sqrt { n } + \alpha_n $ where $ 0 & lt ; \alpha_n \ll 1/\sqrt { n } $ and analyzing the asymptotic behavior of the variance .
We show that fertility is associated with generalized forms of the Fibonacci sequence , while mutations and natural selection are merged into an integral equation which is solved by Fourier series .	Average survival probabilities and Malthusian growth exponents are calculated indicating that the system may exhibit mutational meltdown .
For families of Abelian varieties we recall the characterization of Shimura curves by Arakelov equalities .	For families of curves we recall the characterization of Teichmueller curves in terms of the existence of certain sub variation of Hodge structures .
We study a model of growing population that competes for resources .	At each time step , all existing particles reproduce and the offspring randomly move to neighboring sites .
Starting from Holstein 's work on small polaron hopping , the evolution equations for localized and extended states in the presence of atomic vibrations are systematically derived for an amorphous semiconductor .	The transition probabilities are obtained for transitions between all combinations of localized and extended states .
We use two-mode and classical field simulations to model these results .	This allows us to confirm that the super-shot noise fluctuations directly originate from quantum statistics .
Gaussian random fields are a powerful tool for modeling environmental processes .	For high dimensional samples , classical approaches for estimating the covariance parameters require highly challenging and massive computations , such as the evaluation of the Cholesky factorization or solving linear systems .
This decoherence is quantified in terms of longitudinal and transversal relaxation .	It may serve for calibrating observed decoherence as well as for testing error-correcting quantum codes .
As to ( i ) , we point out that the distinction of polar/axial and twisted/untwisted derives from the property of the electric charge of being a pure scalar , that is , not carrying any screw sense .	Therefore , the mentioned distinctions are necessary ingredients in any fundamental theory of electrodynamics .
We present results for the QED contributions to the anomalous magnetic moment of the muon containing closed electron loops .	The main focus is on perturbative corrections at four-loop order where the external photon couples to the external muon .
Adopting the simplifying assumptions of thermalized $ \COone $ line emission and isothermal gas , an effective optical depth , $ \tef $ , is defined as the product of the clump filling factor within each velocity interval and the clump effective optical depth as a function of the optical depth on the clump 's central sightline , $ \tau_0 $ .	The clump effective optical depth is well approximated as a power law in $ \tau_0 $ with power-law index , $ \epsilon $ , referred to here as the clump `` fluffiness , '' and has values between zero and unity .
The physical interpretation of these structure functions in terms of hadronic components is given using the free field analysis .	Assuming factorisation of the photon structure tensor , the relevant QCD corrections to the various structure functions are evaluated .
We then apply these results to the various homogeneous coset manifolds spanned by the moduli and untwisted matter fields arising in string compactifications , and discuss their implications .	Finally , we also discuss what can be said for completely arbitrary scalar manifolds , and derive in this more general case some explicit but weaker restrictions on the Kahler geometry .
It is hoped that similar characterizations hold for other classes of matroids , notably for the class of near-regular matroids .	Suppose that all near-regular matroids can be obtained from matroids that belong to a few basic classes through k-sums .
In addition , we have recently started a similar , CCD-based survey of the northern Galactic Plane using the Wide Field Camera on the INT .	Both surveys aim to provide information on many types of emission line objects , such as planetary nebulae , luminous blue variables and interacting binaries .
In the absence of other new physics , non-observation of a large asymmetry can therefore be used to infer an upper bound on the mass scale for new right-chiral weak vector bosons .	Applying this idea to actual nucleon-nucleon scattering requires more involved calculations , as the dominant contribution appears to come from a component of diquark-quark scattering related to , but not identical to , wavefunction-mixing .
In a multi-armed bandit ( MAB ) problem , an online algorithm makes a sequence of choices .	In each round it chooses from a time-invariant set of alternatives and receives the payoff associated with this alternative .
We find that the mainchain rigidity of a protein structure at a given hydrogen-bond energy cutoff is quite sensitive to small structural variations , and conclude that the hydrogen bond constraints in rigidity analysis should be chosen so as to form and test specific hypotheses about the rigidity o f a particular protein .	Our comparative approach highlights two different characteristic patterns ( `` sudden '' or `` gradual '' ) for protein rigidity loss as constraints are re moved , in line with recent results on the rigidity transitions of glassy networks .
The recent controversy of applicability of quantum formalism to brain dynamics has been critically analysed .	The prerequisites for any type of quantum formalism or quantum field theory is to investigate whether the anatomical structure of brain permits any kind of smooth geometric notion like Hilbert structure or four dimensional Minkowskian structure for quantum field theory .
Indeed , these planets are largely gaseous and thus they must assemble before the gas disk dissipates .	Spectroscopic studies of the disk gas content at different evolutive stages are thus critical .
We study solutions of the Bogomolny equation on R^2\times S^1 $ with prescribed singularities .	We show that Nahm transform establishes a one-to-one correspondence between such solutions and solutions of the Hitchin equations on a punctured cylinder with the eigenvalues of the Higgs field growing at infinity in a particular manner .
The X-ray morphology is an elliptical shape elongated from north to south with a mean diameter of about 10 ' .	The image center is located at RA = 18h43m53s , DEC = 03D52'55 '' ( hereafter , AX J1843.8-0352 ) .
Their field equations and propagators are derived from first principle .	For fields with j & gt ; 1/2 , complications arise from the non-linear behaviour of the boost operators .
We present Atacama Large Millimeter Array ( ALMA ) observations of two high-redshift systems ( SMMJ02399-0136 and the Cloverleaf QSO ) in their rest-frame 122 micron continuum ( ~650 GHz or ~450 micron on-sky ) and [ NII ] 122 micron line emission .	The continuum observations with a synthesized beam of ~0.25 '' resolve both sources and recover the expected flux .
For more than 40 years , the Institute for Scientific Information ( ISI , now part of Thomson Reuters ) produced the only available bibliographic databases from which bibliometricians could compile large-scale bibliometric indicators .	ISI 's citation indexes , now regrouped under the Web of Science ( WoS ) , were the major sources of bibliometric data until 2004 , when Scopus was launched by the publisher Reed Elsevier .
We extend the states space and fields according to the duplication rules of TFD and construct the corresponding classical action .	The result is interpreted as a theory whose fields would encode the statistical information of open strings .
Including only two electrons isolates and examines the effect that the highest occupied molecular orbital has on the Kohn-Sham potential as the molecule dissociates .	We reproduce the characteristic step and peak that previous high-level wavefunction methods have shown to exist for real molecules in the low-density internuclear region .
The structural transition at about 1000 { \deg } C , from the hexagonal to the orthorhombic phase of LuFeO3 , has been investigated in thin films of LuFeO3 .	Separation of the two structural phases of LuFeO3 occurs on a length scale of micrometer , as visualized in real space using X-ray photoemission electron microscopy ( X-PEEM ) .
We discuss results of the investigation of the phenomena of quantum resonances in the AOKR .	An interesting feature of the momentum distribution of the atoms obtained as a result of short pulses of light , is the variance of the momentum distribution or the kinetic energy $ & lt ; p^ { 2 } & gt ; /2m $ in units of the recoil energy $ E_ { rec } = \hbar \omega_ { rec } $ .
We obtain a closed-form expression showing an approximately linear relation between the critical buckling load and the liquid inlet pressure .	Our results are validated by numerical computations .
In particular , for a porosity length defined by h=l/f , i.e.as the ratio of the characteristic size l of clumps to their volume filling factor f , we find that the relative fluctuation in gamma-ray emission in a binary with orbital separation a scales as sqrt ( h/pi a ) in the `` thin-jet '' limit , and is reduced by a factor 1/sqrt ( 1 + phi a/ ( 2 l ) ) for a jet with a finite opening angle phi .	For a thin jet and quite moderate porosity length h ~ 0.03 a , this implies a ca .
In this formulation the utility of consumption at any given time depends only on the amount consumed at that time .	However , it is both theoretically and empirically reasonable that an individuals utility of consumption would depend on past consumption history .
33 ( 2005 ) 1643-1697 ] the limiting process is degenerate , and discrimination between the null and the alternative is asymptotically certain .	When the norm is below the threshold , the limiting process is nondegenerate , and the joint eigenvalue densities under the null and alternative hypotheses are mutually contiguous .
Sigma models on coset superspaces , such as odd dimensional superspheres , play an important role in physics and in particular the AdS/CFT correspondence .	In this work we apply recent general results on the spectrum of coset space models and on supergroup WZNW models to study the conformal sigma model with target space S^ { 3|2 } .
We present a detailed chemical analysis on the basis of high-resolution , high signal-to-noise optical spectra of two post-AGB objects IRAS 22223+4327 and IRAS 04296+3429 .	Both display the unidentified $ 21 \mu m $ feature in their IR-spectra .
Adiabatic cooling reduces the ion temperature by an order of magnitude during the plasma expansion , to temperatures as low as 0.2 K. Cooling is limited by heat exchange between ions and the much hotter electrons .	We also present evidence for an additional heating mechanism and discuss possible sources .
We show that the continuum equations describing intermodulation in a superconducting layer with spatially varying properties are formally equivalent to those describing an inhomogeneous dielectric with a nonzero cubic nonlinearity .	Using this formal analogy , we calculate the effect of inhomogeneity on the intermodulation coefficient in a high-T_c material , using several assumptions about the topology of the layer , and some simple analytical approximations to treat the nonlinearity .
Here we propose to display the output of a lattice-QCD analysis as a curve and error band .	This is justified , because lattice-QCD results rely in part on fitting , both for the chiral extrapolation and to extend lattice-QCD data over the full physically allowed kinematic domain .
The system becomes quasi-integrable where the invariant tori are broken with respect to a certain parameter , $ \lambda = 2E/\omega^ { 2 } $ where E is the energy of the particle inside the billiard and $ \omega $ is the angular frequency of rotation of billiard .	We study the system classically and quantum mechanically in view of obtaining a correspondence in the two descriptions .
Accreted helium layers on white dwarfs have been highlighted for many decades as a possible site for a detonation triggered by a thermonuclear runaway .	In this paper , we find the minimum helium layer thickness that will sustain a steady laterally propagating detonation and show that it depends on the density and composition of the helium layer , specifically C12 and O16 .
We address in particular the evolution of ( a ) the total mass inflow rate from the cosmic web into galactic haloes based on the EPS approximation , ( b ) the penetration of baryonic streams into the inner galaxy , ( c ) the disc size , ( d ) the implied steady-state gas content and star-formation rate ( SFR ) in the galaxy subject to mass conservation and a universal star-formation law , ( e ) the inflow rate within the disc to a central bulge and black hole as derived using energy conservation and self-regulated Q ~ 1 violent disc instability ( VDI ) , and ( f ) the implied steady state in the disc and bulge .	The toy models provide useful approximations for the behaviour of the simulated galaxies .
Entanglement represents an important resource for quantum information processing , but its generation itself requires physical resources that are limited .	We propose a scheme for generating a wide class of entangled qudit-type states of optical field modes at sites separated by noisy medium when only weak optical nonlinearities are available at both sites .
Each of these requires careful management of software versions .	We present a unified model for installing , managing , and publishing software contexts in R. It introduces the package manifest as a central data structure for representing version specific , decentralized package cohorts .
Both parameters are found to be substantially different from ones calculated with the single-particle Wannier functions .	Our numerical results of $ U $ are found in good agreement with the measured on-site energy in a recent experiment [ Campbell { \it et al . }
The width of the domain wall is assumed to be larger than the Fermi wave length , but smaller than other characteristic lengths ( for example , the ''magnetic '' length ) .	The transmission coefficient is supposed to be small so that we deal with a weak proximity effect .
We give some examples of Calabi-Yau 3-folds with $ \rho=1 $ , defined over $ \mathbb { Q } $ and constructed as 4-codimensional subvarieties of $ \mathbb { P } ^7 $ via commutative algebra methods .	We explain how to deduce their Hodge diamond and top Chern classes from computer based computations over some finite field $ \mathbb { F } _ { p } $ .
The two categories of techniques , however , have not been compared systematically under the same experimental framework , as they were developed from two independent lines of research that do not refer to each other .	This renders it difficult for a practitioner to decide which technique should be adopted for a specific application .
We also allow for the inclusion of magnetic vector potentials .	As an application , we extend , for the first time , the proof of stability of relativistic matter with magnetic fields all the way up to the critical value of the nuclear charge $ Z\alpha=2/\pi $ .
The generalized gluing and resmoothing theorem originally proved by LeClair , Peskin and Preitschopf , gives a powerful formula for the fused vertex obtained by contracting any two vertices in string field theories .	Although the theorem is naturally expected to hold for the vertices at any loop level , the original proof was restricted to the vertices at tree level .
We calculate these propagation effects for cold and relativistic plasmas , and find that in the presence of a uniform equipartition field the degree of linear polarization is suppressed , and circular polarization prevails at low frequencies , nu & lt ; 1-3 GHz , ( 2x10^11 Hz & lt ; nu & lt ; few x 10^14 Hz ) in the forward ( reverse ) shock .	At higher frequencies linear polarization dominates .
Meanwhile , the Chern insulator-featured chiral edge conduction is manifested by the non-local transport measurements .	In contrast to the 2D hybridized thin film , an additional weakly field-dependent longitudinal resistance is observed in the 10 quintuple-layer film , suggesting the influence of the film thickness on the dissipative edge channel in the QAHE regime .
Requiring also invariance of the symplectic metric yields U ( 1,3 ) as the invariance group , the inhomogeneous counterpart of which is the canonically relativistic group CR ( 1,3 ) = U ( 1,3 ) *s H ( 1,3 ) where H ( 1,3 ) is the Heisenberg Group in 4 dimensions and `` *s '' is the semidirect product .	This is the counterpart in this theory of the Poincare group and reduces in the appropriate limit to the expected special relativity and classical Hamiltonian mechanics transformation equations .
We describe a class of six-dimensional conformal field theories that have some properties in common with and possibly are related to a subsector of the tensionless string theories .	The latter theories can for example give rise to four-dimensional $ N = 4 $ superconformal Yang-Mills theories upon compactification on a two-torus .
The ground state geometry , evolution of quasiparticle energies , structure of quasiparticle amplitudes , and dispersion relations are examined in detail .	The trends observed are in stark contrast to the case of TBECs only with a harmonic confining potential .
In our recent paper ( Solar Physics 261 , 233 ) we investigated quasi-periodic oscillations of hard X-rays during impulsive phase of solar flares .	We have come to conclusion that they are caused by magnetosonic oscillations of magnetic traps within the volume of hard-X-ray ( HXR ) loop-top sources .
We use Eulerian adaptive mesh refinement simulations to demonstrate that in the presence of a large soft ultraviolet radiation background , molecular hydrogen is the dominant coolant .	Even for very large radiation backgrounds , the halo masses that cool and collapse are up to two orders of magnitude smaller than the halos that cool via atomic hydrogen line cooling .
Various forms of soft functions , like semicontinuous , irresolute , semiopen soft functions are introduced and characterized .	Further soft semicompactness , soft semiconnectedness and soft semiseparation axioms are introduced and studied .
We analyze the spatially resolved ( 250 pc scales ) and integrated star-formation ( SF ) law in the local luminous infrared galaxy ( LIRG ) IC4687 .	This is one of the first studies of the SF law on a starburst LIRG at these small spatial scales .
In this work we generalize and subsequently apply the Effective Field Renormalization Group technique to the problem of ferro- and antiferromagnetically coupled Ising spins with local anisotropy axes in geometrically frustrated geometries ( kagome and pyrochlore lattices ) .	In this framework , we calculate the various ground states of these systems and the corresponding critical points .
Although misspecified by definition , Gibbs posteriors have a number of desirable properties ; for example , we show that the Gibbs posterior converges at the same rate as the corresponding M-estimator .	Inference based on the Gibbs posterior is not straight- forward , however , because the finite-sample performance is highly sensitive to the scale of the loss function .
We establish this result for a large class of black holes using the second order equations of motion , black hole thermodynamics , and the attractor mechanism for extremal black holes .	This happens even though the area of each horizon generically depends on the moduli , which are asymptotic values of scalar fields .
In experiments however , the physical domain is never perfectly Euclidean .	The heart , for instance , is finite , anisotropic and littered with inhomogeneities .
The improvement in resolution from 25 arcsec to 10 arcsec resolves the helical- and ring-like features seen at higher frequencies .	We also present new high dynamic range images of this powerful radio galaxy at 325 MHz .
Given the current constraints , periods equal to its second and third subharmonic can not be ruled out .	The stability of this period over the 8-month timespan of observations indicates that , if real , it likely reflects the star 's rapid rotation .
Then the problem is discussed in more detail by considering all combinations of Green 's functions .	We can derive one more equation , which can not be obtained by using only the set of the above three Green 's functions , and point out that the two equations contradict each other if one demands that the identities of the spin operators are exactly satisfied .
We prove his results by showing how second class particles transport the rarefaction-fan solution , as characteristics do for the Burgers equation , avoiding subadditivity .	In the way we show laws of large numbers for tagged particles , fluxes and second class particles , and simplify existing proofs in the shock cases .
Systematic studies over a wide range of parameters are presented .	It is shown that a much richer resonant picture would be observable for higher relaxation times of charge carriers : more resonances appear and transmission can be totally suppressed .
We show that the horizon evolves in a self-similar manner , where at any moment in the late-time development of the instability the horizon can be described as a sequence of 3-dimensional spherical black holes of varying size , joined by black string segments of similar radius .	As with the initial black string , each local string segment is itself unstable , and this fuels the self-similar cascade to ( classically ) arbitrarily small scales ; in the process the horizon develops a fractal structure .
Framework ( G , p ) is universally rigid iff every pair of non-adjacent vertices of ( G , p ) is universally linked .	In this paper , we present a unified treatment of the universal rigidity problem based on the geometry of spectrahedra .
Time-periodic driving like lattice shaking offers a low-demanding method to generate artificial gauge fields in optical lattices .	We identify the relevant symmetries that have to be broken by the driving function for that purpose and demonstrate the power of this method by making concrete proposals for its application to two-dimensional lattice systems : We show how to tune frustration and how to create and control band touching points like Dirac cones in the shaken kagom\'e lattice .
We investigate recent uniqueness theorems for reduced $ C^* $ -algebras of Hausdorff \ ' { e } tale groupoids in the context of inverse semigroups .	In many cases the distinguished subalgebra is closely related to the structure of the inverse semigroup .
We present a class of generalized mean field ( GMF ) algorithms for approximate inference in complex exponential family models , which entails limiting the optimization over the class of cluster-factorizable distributions .	GMF is a generic method requiring no model-specific derivations .
Both the multiple -- frequency -- dispersion and the non-Markovian reservoir parametrization schemes are considered for the desired hierarchy construction .	The resulting formalism is in principle exact , applicable to interacting systems , with arbitrary time-dependent external fields .
One of our objectives is to show how cooperation can be stimulated without assuming cooperation links between the transmitters but only by repeating the corresponding PC game and by signals from the receiver .	In order to design efficient PC policies , standard and stochastic repeated games are respectively exploited to analyze the fast and slow PC problems .
Recent results from the second part of CAST phase II , where the magnet bores were filled with 3He gas at variable pressure achieving sensibilities on the axion mass up to 1.2 eV , are presented .	Currently , CAST is expecting to improve its sensitivity to solar axions with rest mass below 0.02 eV/c^2 after the upgrade of the X-ray detectors and with the implementation of a second X-ray optic .
We have reconstructed the plasma Emission Measure Distribution vs. temperature ( EMD ) in the range log T ( K ) ~ 6.1-7.6 , and we have determined the coronal abundances of AB Dor , obtaining consistent results between the two instruments.The overall shape of the EMD is also consistent with the one previously inferred from EUVE data .	The EMD shows a steep increase up to the peak at log T ( K ) ~ 6.9 and a substantial amount of plasma in the range log T ( K ) ~ 6.9-7.3 .
In quark potential models the hyperfine splitting of P-wave mesons is zero in the nonrelativistic limit , a prediction strikingly confirmed by experiment in both charmonia and bottomonia .	The result , however , ignores the coupling of bare quarkonia to meson-meson pairs .
Hidden variables are extra components added to try to banish counterintuitive features of quantum mechanics .	We start with a quantum-mechanical model and describe various properties that can be asked of a hidden-variable model .
In the SU ( 2 ) _ { L } x U ( 1 ) _ { Y } standard electroweak theory coupled with the Einstein gravity , new topological configurations naturally emerge , if the spatial section of the universe is globally a three-sphere ( S^3 ) with a small radius .	The SU ( 2 ) _L gauge fields and Higgs fields wrap the space nontrivially , residing at or near a local minimum of the potential .
Rozansky 's conjecture was soon proven by the second author .	We begin our paper by reviewing Rozansky 's conjecture and the main ideas that lead to its proof .
In this article , we investigate self-organizing optimization for cognitive small cells ( CSCs ) , which have the ability to sense the environment , learn from historical information , make intelligent decisions , and adjust their operational parameters .	By exploring the inherent features , some fundamental challenges for self-organizing optimization in CSCs are presented and discussed .
In fact , a BP travels together with the inhomogeneity it creates .	A natural question is what will happen with two BPs when they appear sufficiently close to each other such that the inhomogeneities around each of them start to interfere ?
Motivated by this observation , we numerically investigate dependence of $ \phiJ $ on the initial configurations of the parent fluids equilibrated at a fraction $ \phiini $ , before compressing to generate a jammed packing .	We find that $ \phiJ $ remains constant when $ \phiini $ is small but sharply increases when $ \phiini $ exceeds the dynamic transition point which the mode-coupling theory predicts .
The choices of bases for these measurements as well as the structure of the entanglements specify a quantum algorithm .	As scalable and reliable quantum computers have not been implemented yet , quantum computation simulators are the only widely available tools to design and test quantum algorithms .
While this classical theory explains many quantum phenomena related to harmonic oscillator problems , hard results on nonlinear systems are still lacking .	In this work the hydrogen ground state is studied by numerically solving the Abraham -- Lorentz equation in the dipole approximation .
The increase of the chemical pressure triggered by the different ionic radii of La $ ^ { 3+ } $ and Pr $ ^ { 3+ } $ , on the other hand , plays a crucial role in enhancing the value of the magnetic critical temperature and can be mimicked by the application of external hydrostatic pressure up to 24 kbar .	A sharp discontinuity in the local magnetic field at the muon site in LaCoPO at around 5 kbar suggests a sizeable modification in the band structure of the material upon increasing pressure .
Suppose that a circular fire spreads in the plane at unit speed .	A single fire fighter can build a barrier at speed $ v & gt ; 1 $ .
We shall describe different ways to create magnetic moments in graphene , either by adatom deposition or via defects .	For dilute moments , the theoretical description is in terms of effective Anderson or Kondo impurity models coupled to graphene 's Dirac electrons .
The radio object was detected both in our new VLA image from observations in 2012 at 5.5 GHz and in archival VLA images from observations in 1987 at 4.75 GHz and in the period from 1990 to 2002 at 8.31 GHz .	The radio morphology of this object is characterized as a compact , partially resolved point source located at the northern tip of a radio `` tongue '' similar to the X-ray structure observed by Chandra .
We present a generic condition for Lorentzian manifolds to have a barrier that limits the reach of boundary-anchored extremal surfaces of arbitrary dimension .	We show that any surface with nonpositive extrinsic curvature is a barrier , in the sense that extremal surfaces can not be continuously deformed past it .
With disorder , localized states appear at the top and bottom of the broadened LL , while states in the center of the LL ( the critical region ) remain delocalized .	This well-known phenomenology is sufficient to explain most aspects of the Integer Quantum Hall Effect ( IQHE ) [ 1 ] .
Miras of logP about 3.0 have initial masses of near 4 solar masses .	It is suggestd that the apparent gap in the LMC PL relation at about this period may be due to the onset of hot bottom burning and that this adds about 15 to 20 percent to the stellar energy production .
We developed a tool for automated translation from timed Rebeca to the Erlang language , which provides a first implementation of timed Rebeca .	We can use the tool to set the parameters of timed Rebeca models , which represent the environment and component variables , and use McErlang to run multiple simulations for different settings .
In practise this degeneracy is never exact , and the magnitude of the ground-state degeneracy splitting imposes constraints on the timescales over which information is topologically protected .	In this Letter we use an instanton approach to evaluate the splitting of topological ground-state degeneracy in quasi-1D systems with parafermion zero modes , in the specific case where parafermions are realized by inducing a superconducting gap in pairs of fractional quantum Hall edges .
Many well known distinguishability measures of quantum states are given by , or derived from , f-divergences ; special examples include the quantum relative entropy , the Renyi relative entropies , and the Chernoff and Hoeffding measures .	Here we show that the quantum f-divergences are monotonic under the dual of Schwarz maps whenever the defining function is operator convex .
Techniques based on simple criteria of proximity in time-consecutive snapshots are useful to identify the trajectories of the particles .	However , they become problematic as the motility and/or the density of the particles increases due to uncertainties on the trajectories that particles followed during the images ' acquisition time .
Methodological questions and technical challenges abound as more and more data from social platforms become available for analysis .	This data deluge not only yields the unprecedented opportunity to unravel questions about online individuals ' behavior at scale , but also allows to explore the potential perils that the massive adoption of social media brings to our society .
Active , in situ control of light at the nanoscale remains a challenge in modern physics and in nanophotonics in particular .	A promising approach is to take advantage of the technological maturity of nano-electromechanical systems ( NEMS ) and to combine it with on-chip optics .
Such attitudes of earth pushed the frontiers to develop innovative monitoring strategies for the earth system .	To make that real , although , will require coherent and real-time data by observing the earth behavior contiguously .
We demonstrate this explicitly for $ T^4 $ and to first order in the noncommutativity , for $ K_3 $ .	Physically , moduli spaces of noncommutative instantons appear as moduli spaces of theories with $ \SUSY { 4 } $ supersymmetry in 2+1D .
They include the need for the European regulatory framework to encompass E. European countries where network development and income levels are much lower , the desire to encompass Internet within the universal service regulatory framework , a willingness to design a framework that covers all communications networks and remove the telecommunications bias , thereby forcing issues of economic neutrality to the fore .	The paper systematically goes through a number of key areas and principles of regulation and how they are being designed to deal with a range of national situations .
Some of the submm emission from Cas A has been shown to be contaminated by unrelated material along the line of sight .	In this paper we explore the emission from material towards Kepler using submm continuum imaging and spectroscopic observations of atomic and molecular gas , via HI , 12CO ( J=2-1 ) and 13CO ( J=2-1 ) .
In this work we use cosmography to alleviate the degeneracy among cosmological models , proposing a way to parameterize matter and dark energy in terms of cosmokinematics quantities .	The recipe of using cosmography allows to expand observable quantities in Taylor series and to directly compare those expansions with data .
The production of isolated photons in deep-inelastic scattering $ ep\to e \gamma X $ is measured with the H1 detector at HERA .	The measurement is performed in the kinematic range of negative four-momentum transfer squared $ 4 & lt ; Q^2 & lt ; 150 $ ~GeV $ ^2 $ and a mass of the hadronic system $ W_X & gt ; 50 $ GeV .
We use the classical umbral calculus to describe Riordan arrays .	Here , a Riordan array is generated by a pair of umbrae , and this provides efficient proofs of several basic results of the theory such as the multiplication rule , the recursive properties , the fundamental theorem and the connection with Sheffer sequences .
The ( stellar ) mass dependent halo profile links together the local and global properties of the halo ( e.g.inner slope and $ M_ { { \rm halo } } $ ) which allows for measurements of $ M_ { { \rm halo } } $ without virial tracers .	We compile a large sample of rotation curves from the literature to test this halo profile .
The fine-feature sampling stiffness is eliminated with the use of the fast sampling algorithm ( FSA ) , and the coarse-feature sampling stiffness is avoided by introducing the sliding and sampling ( S & amp ; S ) algorithm .	A key feature of the S & amp ; S algorithm is that it enables massively parallel computers to sample diffusive trajectories that are long in time .
Unfortunately , exponential backoff has some well-known limitations in two of these areas : it provides poor ( sub-constant ) throughput ( in the worst case ) , and is not robust ( to resource acquisition failures ) .	The goal of this paper is to `` fix '' exponential backoff by making it scalable , particularly focusing on the case where processes arrive in an on-line , worst-case fashion .
Models of axion inflation are particularly interesting since they provide a natural justification for the flatness of the potential over a super-Planckian distance , namely the approximate shift-symmetry of the inflaton .	In addition , most of the observational consequences are directly related to this symmetry and hence are correlated .
When the detector clicks we have the ( inconclusive ) photon subtracted state .	We show that IPS on both channels of an entangled twin-beam of radiation improves the fidelity of coherent state teleportation if the energy of the incoming twin-beam is below a certain threshold , which depends on the beam splitter transmissivity and the quantum efficiency of photodetectors .
Violation of this assumption will lead to fluctuations in differential brightness temperature that are neither driven by density fluctuations nor by HII regions .	Therefore , it is vital to calculate the spin temperature self-consistently by treating the Lyman-alpha and collisional coupling of spin temperature to the kinetic temperature .
Recently , it has been shown that by using a carefully designed technique to store the contents in the cache and coding across data streams a much more significant gain can be achieved in reducing the network load .	Inner and outer bounds on the network load v/s cache memory tradeoff were obtained in ( Maddah-Ali and Niesen , 2012 ) .
The rest-frame absolute B-band magnitudes span a range from M_B-5log h=-16.4 to M_B-5log h=-21.4 and rest-frame B_AB-R_AB colors range from B_AB-R_AB~0 to B_AB-R_AB~1.5 .	Of these 'isolated ' galaxies , we find that 47 have corresponding MgII absorbers in the spectra of background QSOs and rest-frame absorption equivalent width W_r ( 2796 ) =0.1-2.34 A , and 24 do not give rise to MgII absorption to sensitive upper limits .
We are interested in the heating phenomenon which takes place before the breakdown of the quantum Hall effect , i.e.the pre-breakdown regime .	Two types of samples has been investigated , at low temperature ( 4.2 and 1.5K ) and high magnetic field ( up to 13 T ) .
A first-principles DFT-GGA+U study of the doping of GaN with Cr , Mn , or Fe confirms a strong tendency for the formation of embedded clusters occupying Ga sites of the wurtzite and zinc blende phases of GaN .	Within the employed computation model , the tendency for aggregation is larger for Cr and Mn than for Fe .
We report on a theoretical and experimental study of CuMn-V antiferromagnets .	Previous works showed low-temperature antiferomagnetism and semimetal electronic structure of the semi-Heusler CuMnSb .
These criteria allow us to use tools of graph theory and of linear programming to study the Cohen-Macaulayness of monomial ideals which are intersections of prime ideal powers .	We can characterize the Cohen-Macaulayness of the second symbolic power or of all symbolic powers of a Stanley-Reisner ideal in terms of the simplicial complex .
Both steady and oscillatory convection are considered for a variety of horizontal planforms .	The kinetic helicity is observed to be a monotonically increasing function of the Rayleigh number .
The C-CDW transition temperatures as a function of film thickness are determined from the evolution of these new Raman peaks and they are found to decrease from 473K to 413K as the film thicknesses decrease from 150 nm to 35 nm .	A comparison of the Raman data with ab initio calculations of both the normal and C-CDW phases gives a consistent picture of the zone-folding of the phonon modes following lattice reconstruction .
Since one KS set with a mixture of 16 rank-1 projectors and 14 rank-2 projectors proposed in 1995 [ Kernaghan M and Peres A 1995 Phys .	Lett.\ A \textbf { 198 } 1 ] for a three-qubit system , there are plenty of the same type KS sets and we propose a systematic way to produce them .
The high energy emission could result from particle acceleration in the region where the stellar wind from the massive star interacts with the relativistic wind from a young pulsar .	LS 5039 has the most compact orbit amongst gamma-ray binaries and its X-ray lightcurve shows a stable modulation synchronized with the orbital period .
It is proved that over any erasure channel ( with or without memory ) , Maximum Distance Separable ( MDS ) codes achieve the minimum probability of error ( assuming maximum likelihood decoding ) .	Assuming a memoryless erasure channel , the error exponent of MDS codes are compared with that of random codes and linear random codes .
Variation of the lattice depth tunes the system from the Bose-Hubbard limit for deep lattices , through the sine-Gordon regime of weak lattices , to the complete absence of a lattice .	Using the Bose-Fermi mapping between strongly interacting bosons and weakly interacting fermions , we derive the phase diagram in the parameter space of lattice depth and chemical potential .
The entire magnetic phase diagram of the quasi two dimensional ( 2D ) magnet on a distorted triangular lattice KFe ( MoO4 ) 2 is outlined by means of magnetization , specific heat , and neutron diffraction measurements .	It is found that the spin network breaks down into two almost independent magnetic subsystems .
The goal of this work is to constrain the strength and structure of the magnetic field in the nearby cluster of galaxies A2255 .	At radio wavelengths A2255 is characterized by the presence of a polarized radio halo at the cluster center , a relic source at the cluster periphery , and several embedded radio galaxies .
Gross , Y. C. Chung , M. Heiblum , V. Umansky , and D. Mahalu , Phys.Rev.B .	\textbf { 81 } , 161303 ( R ) ( 2010 ) ] .
This paper presents the results of a detailed theoretical investigation of the impact of non-LTE effects and of granulation inhomogeneities on the derived iron and oxygen abundances in the metal-poor halo subgiant HD140283 .	Our analysis is based on both the `classical ' one-dimensional ( 1D ) stellar atmosphere models and on the new generation of three-dimensional ( 3D ) hydrodynamical models .
The theory of large deviations has been applied successfully in the last 30 years or so to study the properties of equilibrium systems and to put the foundations of equilibrium statistical mechanics on a clearer and more rigorous footing .	A similar approach has been followed more recently for nonequilibrium systems , especially in the context of interacting particle systems .
However , almost regular gaps due to nominal operations are present in the light curves at different time scales .	In this paper we want to highlight the impact of those regular gaps in asteroseismic analyses and we try to find a method that minimizes their effect in the frequency domain .
This paper studies eigenvalues of some Steklov problems .	Among other things , we show the following sharp estimtes .
They have shown that the $ \bar { D } ^ { 0 } K^ { - } $ structure seen in the $ B_ { s } ^ { 0 } \to \bar { D } ^ { 0 } K^ { - } \pi^ { + } $ reaction and with invariant mass $ 2.86\ , { \rm GeV } $ is an admixture of a spin- $ 1 $ and a spin- $ 3 $ resonances .	Motivated by the good agreement between our theoretical predictions some time ago and the properties extracted from the experiment of the $ D_ { s1 } ^ { \ast } ( 2860 ) $ and $ D_ { s3 } ^ { \ast } ( 2860 ) $ states , we perform an extension of the study of the strong decay properties of the $ D_ { sJ } ^ { \ast } ( 2860 ) $ and present the same analysis for the $ D_ { s1 } ^ { \ast } ( 2700 ) $ and $ D_ { sJ } ( 3040 ) $ mesons .
The Casimir energies and pressures for a massless scalar field associated with $ \delta $ -function potentials in 1+1 and 3+1 dimensions are calculated .	For parallel plane surfaces , the results are finite , coincide with the pressures associated with Dirichlet planes in the limit of strong coupling , and for weak coupling do not possess a power-series expansion in 1+1 dimension .
The formalism for describing hadrons using a light-cone Hamiltonian of SU ( N ) gauge theory on a coarse transverse lattice is reviewed .	Physical gauge degrees of freedom are represented by disordered flux fields on the links of the lattice .
First , in terms of Laplace transform of the marginal densities and next as a subordinated stochastic process .	Both these representations are useful in analyzing the properties of the process .
Here we investigate the field , temperature and angular dependence of the critical current density over a wide temperature range from 4.2 K to 77 K , and magnetic fields up to 31 T. We show that the correlated c-axis pinning of BZO nanorods becomes progressively less obvious at lower temperature .	Indeed at 4.2 K and fields up to 31 T , the only correlated pinning is for fields parallel to the film plane .
Monte Carlo simulations are carried out for a range of OB-star models which show that previous mass-loss calculations which neglect non-resonance line scattering overestimate mass-loss rates for luminous O stars by ~20 per cent .	For luminous B stars the effect is somewhat larger , typically ~50 per cent .
These works turned year 1905 in what deservedly was called the `` miraculous year '' ( annus mirabilis ) of Einstein .	However , the influence of this great mind was not limited to science .
I present ignition models for Type I X-ray bursts and superbursts from the ultracompact binary 4U 1820-30 .	A pure helium secondary is usually assumed for this system , although some evolutionary models predict a small amount of hydrogen ( around 10 % by mass ) .
The wavelength scanning range was 12 GHz , realized with a phase accuracy of 1.0 m { \lambda } by heterodyne detection at each measurement wavelength .	This small wavelength scanning range enabled the use of distributed feedback laser diodes as an interferometer light source and a fast 20 ms wavelength scanning time by injection current control .
We show that the generating function $ U ( q ) $ satisfies the equation $ \Xi \exp U ( q ) = q^ { -1 } U ( q ) $ .	Consequently , we get a recurrent formula for $ U_n $ $ ( n\geq 1 ) $ , namely , $ U_1=\Xi ( 1 ) $ and $ U_n =\Xi S_ { n-1 } ( U_1 , U_2 , & gt ; ... , U_ { n-1 } ) $ for any $ n\geq 2 $ , where $ S_n ( x_1 , x_2 , ... ) $ $ ( n\in \bN ) $ are the elementary Schur polynomials .
Here , we present a new 'balanced estimator ' for entropy functionals Shannon , R\'enyi and Tsallis ) specially devised to provide a compromise between low bias and small statistical errors , for short data series .	This new estimator out-performs other currently available ones when the data sets are small and the probabilities of the possible outputs of the random variable are not close to zero .
There is also a cumbersome , covariant representation in which the physics is obscure .	Despite being unwieldy , the latter form has a powerful appeal for those who are concerned about de Sitter invariance .
In the MSSM , a major component of the UHE cosmic-ray flux at PeV-EeV energies could be given by the lightest neutralino \chi , that is the lightest stable supersymmetric particle .	Then , the signal of UHE \chi 's on earth might emerge over the interactions of a comparable neutrino component .
Within the causal set approach to quantum gravity , a discrete analog of a spacelike region is a set of unrelated elements , or an antichain .	In the continuum approximation of the theory , a moment-of-time hypersurface is well represented by an inextendible antichain .
We propose a new routing protocol dubbed as ORION .	In ORION , only a single copy of a data packet is kept in the network and transmitted , contact by contact , towards the destination .
Electrostatic complexes exhibit a core-shell microstructure .	In the core , the polyelectrolyte blocks and the oppositely charged species are tightly bound and form a dense coacervate microphase .
Particular attention is given to `quasi-temporal ' theories in which the notion of time-evolution is less rigid than in conventional Hamiltonian physics ; theories of this type are expected to arise naturally in the context of quantum gravity and quantum field theory in a curved space-time .	The quasi-temporal structure is coded in a partial semi-group of `temporal supports ' that underpins the lattice of history propositions .
Structure function and auto-correlation function are calculated for observations with various resolutions from the BIMA and SMA interferometers , covering a range in physical scales from $ \sim 70 $ ~mpc to $ \sim 2.1 $ ~mpc .	Results for the magnetic field turbulent dispersion , its turbulent to mean field strength ratio and the large-scale polarization angle correlation length are presented as a function of the physical scale at the star formation sites .
Apart from renormalization freedom , the vacuum energy receives contributions from both the trace anomaly and the thermal nature of the quantum state .	The former represents a dynamical realisation of dark energy , while the latter mimics an effective dark matter component .
Our data set maintains strangeness neutrality to match the conditions of heavy ion physics .	The systematic errors are under control up to $ \mu_B\approx 300 $ MeV .
Drying a droplet of colloidal dispersion can result in complex pattern formation due to both development and deformation of a skin at the drop surface .	The present study focus on the drying process of droplets of colloidal dispersions in a confined geometry where direct observations of the skin thickness are allowed .
Specifically , we obtain the general expression for the ergodic capacity of dual-hop ( DH ) amplify-and-forward ( AF ) relay systems .	Next , given the advantages of the free probability ( FP ) theory with comparison to other known techniques in the area of large random matrix theory , we pursue a large limit analysis in terms of number of antennas and users by shedding light to the behavior of relay systems inflicted by hardware impairments .
We study the arithmetic of $ E $ over extensions $ \Fq ( t^ { 1/d } ) $ where $ q $ is a power of $ p $ and $ d $ is an integer prime to $ p $ .	The rank of $ E $ is given in terms of an elementary property of the subgroup of $ ( \Z/d\Z ) ^\times $ generated by $ p $ .
In this , partly pedagogical review , I attempt to give a self-contained overview of the basis of ( non-relativistic ) QM measurement theory expressed in density matrix formalism .	The focus is on applications to the theory of weak measurement , as developed by Aharonov and Vaidman and their collaborators .
The key ingredient of our algorithm is a technique that uses edge-coloring algorithms to sample a cycle cover with $ O ( n/\log k ) $ cycles with high probability , in near linear time .	Additionally , we also give a deterministic $ \frac { 3 } { 2 } +O\left ( \frac { 1 } { \sqrt { k } } \right ) $ factor approximation algorithm running in time $ O ( nk ) $ .
We propose and study a model of traffic in communication networks .	The underlying network has a structure that is tunable between a scale-free growing network with preferential attachments and a random growing network .
Our formula is much easier to use than a full distribution function .	It has fewer parameters than a multi-Gaussian fit , and the best-fitting model parameters give insight into the underlying disc dynamics .
It has since been successfully tested against series expansions , but as far as the author is aware there is as yet no proof of the conjecture .	Here we show that if one makes a certain analyticity assumption similar to that used to derive the free energy , then one can indeed verify the conjecture .
Using the model of Segal group actions and the model categorical Grothendieck construction we construct a model category encompassing all Segal group actions simultaneously .	We then prove a global rectification result in this setting .
Rb4O6 and Cs4O6 comprise two different types of dioxygen anions , the hyperoxide and the peroxide anions .	The nonmagnetic peroxide anions do not contain unpaired electrons while the hyperoxide anions contain unpaired electrons in antibonding pi*-orbitals .
As a consequence , we develop a new approach to the perturbation theory for quasi-periodic solutions dealing only with periodic approximations and avoiding classical small divisors estimates .	We obtain two results of stability , in the spirit of the KAM and Nekhoroshev theorems , in the model case of a perturbation of a constant vector field on the $ n $ -dimensional torus .
The system consists of a primary star with radiative core and convective envelope , and a fully convective secondary .	Theories have shown , that stellar structure can depend on magnetic activity , i.e. , magnetically active M-dwarfs should have larger radii .
According to our model fits , both disks have experienced a high degree of dust settling .	We also find that silicate emission at 10 and 20um is absent from the spectra of these disks , indicating that grains in the upper disk layers have grown to sizes larger than ~5um .
The event selection algorithms are described , with which the decay half-lives of Po-218 , Po-214 , Rn-220 , Po-216 and Po-212 were derived .	The measurements of the contamination levels , their concentration gradients with the crystal growth axis , and the uniformity among different crystal samples , are reported .
A Wireless Sensor Network ( WSN ) can be described as a collection of untethered sensor nodes .	An important application of WSNs is in the field of real-time communication .
We use the surface gravity to constrain the compactification radii .	We correctly obtain the integer valued Euler numbers for these radii .
Seven-dimensional spaces with G_2 holonomy fibered over the Taub-Nut and the Eguchi-Hanson gravitational instantons are found , together with other examples .	By considering the Apostolov-Salamon theorem math.DG/0303197 , we construct a new example that , still being a T^2 bundle over hyper-Kahler , represents a non trivial two parameter deformation of the metrics studied in hep-th/0108191 .
The coupling interaction characterizing the chain rigidity and the effective on-site potentials are calculated for three main types of protein secondary structure .	The coupling interaction is found to be surprisingly weak for all of them but different in character : repulsive for alpha-helix and anti-parallel beta-sheet structures and attractive for parallel beta-sheet structure .
For \sigma // [ 100 ] and [ 110 ] , the antiferromagnetic moment \mu_o is strongly enhanced from 0.02 \mu_B ( \sigma=0 ) to 0.22 \mu_B ( \sigma=2.5 kbar ) at 1.5 K. The rate of increase d\mu_o/d\sigma is roughly estimated to be ~ 0.1 \mu_B/kbar , which is much larger than that for the hydrostatic pressure ( ~ 0.025 \mu_B/kbar ) .	Above 2.5 kbar , \mu_o shows a tendency to saturate similar to the behavior in the hydrostatic pressure .
We point out that type I string theory in the presence of internal magnetic fields provides a concrete realization of split supersymmetry .	To lowest order , gauginos are massless while squarks and sleptons are superheavy .
Let q be a power of a prime and E be an elliptic curve defined over F_q .	In `` Combinatorial aspects of elliptic curves '' [ 17 ] , the present author examined a sequence of polynomials which express the N_k 's , the number of points on E over the field extensions F_ { q^k } , in terms of the parameters q and N_1 = # E ( F_q ) .
Their use has led to state-of-the-art results in a variety of applications .	In this paper , we characterize the expressiveness of ReLU networks .
Arabic language is one of the most widely spoken languages .	This language has a complex morphological structure and is considered as one of the most prolific languages in terms of article linguistic .
We report the results of our Chandra observations of six QSOs at $ z\sim 3 $ from the Palomer Transit Grism Survey .	Our primary goal is to investigate the possible systematic change of $ \alpha_ { ox } $ between $ z & gt ; 4 $ and $ z\sim 3 $ , between which a rapid rise of luminous QSO number density with cosmic time is observed .
Three-dimensional random tessellations that are stable under iteration ( STIT tessellations ) are considered .	They arise as a result of subsequent cell division , which implies that their cells are not face-to-face .
We present a collection of experimental evidence on UFOs : Unidentified Ferromagnetic Organic structures .	Five types of carbon magnets have been obtained experimentally : 1 .
Let $ \alpha $ be an embedded closed arc in the sphere and suppose that $ f| { \alpha } $ is a homeomorphism .	Define a branched covering $ g $ as follows .
The fast , inertia-governed expansion is followed by a slower contraction and disappearance after some tens of nanoseconds .	In a narrow range of illumination powers , bubble time traces show a clear echo signature .
This provides us with a phenomenological understanding of the interplay between the frequency and temperature dependence of the Hall constant for frequencies below the Mott-Hubbard gap .	Within the single-band Hubbard model in the limit $ U\gg t $ , the memory function is calculated via its moments and shown to project out the high-energy scale U .
We use the Whitham averaging method , using a recent development of this theory for perturbed integrable equations .	This general approach enables us not only to improve known results on the adiabatic evolution of isolated solitary waves and periodic wave trains in the presence of variable topography and bottom friction , modeled by the Chezy law , but also importantly , to study the effects of these factors on the propagation of undular bores , which are essentially unsteady in the system under consideration .
We treat the hadrons as an ensemble of quark-gluon Fock states where contributions from sea-quarks and gluons can be studied in detail for the properties of low lying baryons .	Statistical model is applied to calculate individual probabilities from various scalar , vector and tensor sea components in flavor , spin and color subspaces for each quark-gluon Fock state .
Although the magnetic pressure is not strong enough to eject matter , the amplified magnetic field efficiently transfers angular momentum from higher to lower latitudes , which causes the expansion of the heating region at low latitudes due to the extra centrifugal force .	This then enhance the efficiency of neutrino heating and eventually leads to neutrino-driven explosion .
The idea is based on the classical adaptive observers design .	It has been shown that in case the data is periodic it may be possible to reduce dimensionality of the inference problem to that of the dimension of the vector of parameters entering the right-hand side of the model nonlinearly .
This extends recent work of Chen-Tang-Zhu and Huang .	We also extend the above result to the case of orbifolds .
The present cavity design , based on a triangular cross section allows vertical confinement and better signal collection efficiency than that of slab-based nanocavities , and eliminates the need for a pre-existing membrane .	The nanobeam is fabricated by Focused-Ion-Beam ( FIB ) patterning .
The Sommerfeld enhancement of DM annihilation cross section as a possible explanation for the observed excesses is subject to constraint from the DM thermal relic density , mainly due to the annihilation of DM particles into force-carrier particles introduced by the mechanism .	We show that the effect of the Sommerfeld enhancement and the relic density constraint depend significantly on the nature of the force-carrier .
Recently , Xin-She Yang proposed a bat-inspired algorithm for solving nonlinear , global optimisation problems .	In this paper , we extend this algorithm to solve multiobjective optimisation problems .
For regular input sequences these criteria are known to compute no zero reduction at all .	In this paper we give a detailed discussion on zero reductions and the corresponding syzygies .
The $ O ( n ) $ $ \phi^4 $ model on a strip bounded by a pair of planar free surfaces at separation $ L $ can be solved exactly in the large- $ n $ limit in terms of the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of a self-consistent one-dimensional Schr\ '' odinger equation .	The scaling limit of a continuum version of this model is considered .
We have directly measured the energy threshold and efficiency for bubble nucleation from iodine recoils in a CF3I bubble chamber in the energy range of interest for a dark matter search .	These interactions can not be probed by standard neutron calibration methods , so we develop a new technique by observing the elastic scattering of 12 GeV/c negative pions .
Viale \cite { Viale_GuessingModel } introduced the notion of Generic Laver Diamond at $ \kappa $ -- -which we denote $ \Diamond_ { \text { Lav } } ( \kappa ) $ -- -asserting the existence of a single function from $ \kappa \to H_\kappa $ that behaves much like a supercompact Laver function , except with generic elementary embeddings rather than internal embeddings .	Viale proved that the Proper Forcing Axiom ( PFA ) implies $ \Diamond_ { \text { Lav } } ( \omega_2 ) $ .
No restrictions are imposed on the factor graph to allow for higher-order factors and arbitrary neighborhood structures .	Large models with repetitive structure are handled efficiently because ( i ) functions that occur repeatedly need to be stored only once , and ( ii ) distinct functions can be implemented differently , using different encodings alongside each other in the same model .
Our Milky Way Galaxy is a typical large spiral galaxy , representative of the most common morphological type in the local Universe .	We can determine the properties of individual stars in unusual detail , and use the characteristics of the stellar populations of the Galaxy as templates in understanding more distant galaxies .
Energy gaps are crucial aspects of the electronic structure of finite and extended systems .	Whereas much is known about how to define and calculate charge gaps in density-functional theory ( DFT ) , and about the relation between these gaps and derivative discontinuities of the exchange-correlation functional , much less is know about spin gaps .
By the recently proved Razumov -- Stroganov conjecture , these quantities also appear as groundstate components in the Completely Packed Loop model .	When considering matchings with p nested arches , these numbers are known to be polynomials in p. In this article , we present several conjectures about these polynomials : in particular , we describe all real roots , certain values of these polynomials , and conjecture that the coefficients are positive .
The very good simultaneous fit to the nuclear hard process data used demonstrates the feasibility of a universal set of nPDFs , but also limitations become visible .	The high- $ p_T $ forward-rapidity hadron data of BRAHMS add a new crucial constraint into the analysis by offering a direct probe for the nuclear gluon distributions -- a sector in the nPDFs which has traditionally been very badly constrained .
The Alexiewicz norm estimates $ \|u_r\|\leq\|f\| $ ( $ 0\leq r & lt ; 1 $ ) and $ \|u_r-f\|\to 0 $ ( $ r\to 1 $ ) hold .	These estimates lead to two uniqueness theorems for the Dirichlet problem in the unit disc with Henstock -- Kurzweil integrable boundary data .
At large anisotropies , the spectrum of the Heisenberg XXZ spin chain separates into `bands ' with energies largely determined by the number of domain walls .	The band structure is richer with open boundary conditions : there are more bands and the bands develop intricate fine structures .
Firstly , with use of the time-dependent canonical transformation which transforms the expanding cavity to the non-expanding one , we can define the force operator .	Secondly , applying the perturbative theory which works when the cavity wall begins to move at time origin , we find that the non-adiabatic force is quadratic in the wall velocity and thereby does not break the time-reversal symmetry , in contrast with the general belief .
We study a sample of bright long BATSE GRB light curves in the 200 s before the detection of the GRB prompt emission .	We find that in a sizable fraction of cases ( 20 % ) there is evidence of emission above the background coming from the same direction of the GRB .
The Bowen-York family of spinning black hole initial data depends essentially on one , positive , free parameter .	The extreme limit corresponds to making this parameter equal to zero .
The new construction of bound entangled states containing secure correlations is presented .	It provides low dimensional 6\otimes6 bound entangled states with nonzero distillable key .
The mass spectrum is well described by the superposition of the two-body and Dalitz decays of the light neutral mesons $ \eta $ , $ \rho $ , $ \omega $ , $ \eta ' $ and $ \phi $ .	A new high-precision measurement of the electromagnetic transition form factors of the $ \eta $ and $ \omega $ mesons is presented , complemented with a measurement of the temperature parameter of the $ \rho $ meson in cold nuclear matter .
However , each has limitations when annotating MSn data with thousands of MS spectra using uncurated public databases .	Moreover , the existing tools are not designed to manage MSn data where n & gt ; 2 .
We formulate an analog of Inverse Scattering Method for integrable systems on noncommutative associative algebras .	In particular we define Hamilton flows , Casimir elements and noncommutative analog of the Lax matrix .
% of Ni at Earth 's core conditions using an ab initio local density approximation + dynamical mean-field theory ( LDA+DMFT ) approach .	The alloys have been modeled by ordered crystal structures based on the bcc , fcc , and hcp unit cells with minimum possible cell size allowing for the proper composition .
We explore the intrinsic properties of these AGN and the relation to their X-ray emission ( derived from the XMM-COSMOS observations ) .	We study their evolution by computing the [ OIII ] 5007A line luminosity function ( LF ) and we constrain the fraction of obscured AGN as a function of luminosity and redshift .
As a first ( typical ) example we consider a single electron which is strongly coupled with phonons on a 1D chain of atoms .	In the adiabatic approximation the system is conventionally described by a discrete set of NSEs .
Based on the central idea of the deconvolution algorithm proposed by Magain , Courbin & amp ; Sohy ( 1998 ) , the method aims at improving the resolution of the data rather than at completely removing the point spread function ( PSF ) .	Improvements over the original method include a better regularization of the pixel channel of the image , based on wavelet filtering and multiscale analysis , and a better controlled separation of the point source vs. the extended source .
Then , X-rays passing through the depletion layer are absorbed in the CsI ( Tl ) .	The contact surface of the CCD is a back-illuminated side so that we can have good light collection efficiency .
Here we show that in high-gain PDC , one can overcome the destructive role of both effects and even turn them into useful tools for shaping the emission .	In our experiment , one of the twin beams is emitted along the pump Poynting vector or its group velocity matches that of the pump .
The shortest perfect $ ( A+B ) $ -path packing problem is : given an undirected graph $ G $ and two disjoint node subsets $ A , B $ with even cardinalities , find a shortest $ |A|/2+|B|/2 $ disjoint paths whose ends are both in $ A $ or both in $ B $ .	Besides its NP-hardness , we prove that this problem can be solved in randomized polynomial time if $ |A|+|B| $ is fixed .
The DEAP-1 \SI { 7 } { kg } single phase liquid argon scintillation detector was operated underground at SNOLAB in order to test the techniques and measure the backgrounds inherent to single phase detection , in support of the \mbox { DEAP-3600 } Dark Matter detector .	Backgrounds in DEAP are controlled through material selection , construction techniques , pulse shape discrimination and event reconstruction .
We carry out a detailed study of gravitino dark matter scenarios in which the lighter stau is the lightest Standard Model superpartner and thus the CHAMP .	Particularly stringent constraints on the gravitino-stau scenario arise from the thermal catalysis of primordial nucleosynthesis reactions .
We consider a simple inflation model with a complex scalar field coupled to gravity non-minimally .	Both the modulus and the angular directions of the complex scalar are slowly rolling , leading to two-field inflation .
Analysis of the experimental spectral functions and the band structure results suggest that different Madelung potential at the two types of oxygen sites in the orthorhombically distorted structure leads to such splitting in the O 1s spectra .	Interestingly , the energy separation of these two features becomes smaller at low temperatures in the Ca dominated samples concomitant to the observation of non-Fermi liquid behavior in their bulk properties .
Our interest in this superconvergence problem is , in fact , twofold : when interpolating function values , we identify the points at which fractional derivatives of the interpolant superconverge ; when interpolating fractional derivatives , we locate those points where function values of the interpolant superconverge .	For the former case , we apply various Legendre polynomials as basis functions and obtain the superconvergence points , which naturally unify the superconvergence points for the first order derivative presented in [ Z. Zhang , SIAM J. Numer .
We present a unified method for analysing form factors in B - & gt ; pi l nu-bar_l and B - & gt ; K* gamma decays .	The analysis provides consistency checks on the q^2 and 1/M extrapolations necessary to obtain the physical decay rates .
Fast-ion redistribution due to frequency-chirping TAE in the range 50 kHz to 100 kHz , and frequency-chirping energetic particle modes known as fishbones in the range 20 kHz to 50 kHz , is observed .	TAE and fishbones are also observed to cause losses of fast ions from the plasma .
This paper is devoted to the numerical approximation of a degenerate anisotropic elliptic problem .	The numerical method is designed for arbitrary space-dependent anisotropy directions and does not require any specially adapted coordinate system .
The pendulum consists of two conducting plates ( thin foil ) separated by copper rods and are insulated from each other .	High voltage is applied to these plates through the connecting copper rods .
Results of forward modelling of acoustic wave propagation in a realistic solar sub-photosphere with two cases of steady horizontal flows are presented and analysed by the means of local helioseismology .	The simulations are based on fully compressible ideal hydrodynamical modelling in a Cartesian grid .
We show that , by contrast , quantum walks can have infinite hitting times for some initial states .	We seek criteria to determine if a given walk on a graph will have infinite hitting times , and find a sufficient condition , which for discrete time quantum walks is that the degeneracy of the evolution operator be greater than the degree of the graph .
To this purpose , we first develop a shell model by determining its potential parameters in order to reproduce the ferroelectric instabilities obtained by first-principles total energy calculations .	The phase diagram as a function of temperature is obtained through constant-pressure molecular dynamics simulations .
Since no pulsar other than Crab is known to have these features , these results clarify why the Crab Nebula , and only it , is SSC dominated .	No young PWN would be detectable at TeV energies if the pulsar 's spin-down power is 0.1 % Crab or lower .
We discuss the non-zero baryon number formulation of QCD in the quenched limit at finite temperature .	This describes the thermodynamics of gluons in the background of static quark sources .
Long-range divergences , which render the virial expansion intractable for homogeneous bulk systems , are shown to be renormalizable for the case of inhomogeneous distribution functions by a systematic expansion in inverse powers of the coupling parameter .	For a planar charged wall , our analytical results compare quantitatively with extensive Monte-Carlo simulations .
Aims : The production of molecular hydrogen and its deuterated forms onto carbonaceous dust grains is investigated in detail .	The goal of this study is to estimate the importance of the chemistry occuring on grain surfaces for the deuteration of H2 .
The results of fits with experimental data also suggest the validity of superconvergence which in the pole models translates to a vanishing of the sum of residua of the form factor at all poles .	A similar discussion in the case of $ B\to \pi \ell\nu_\ell $ leads to the possibility of extracting $ \vert V_ { ub } \vert $ , the error of which appears to be dominated by $ g_ { B^\ast B\pi } $ , which can be nowadays computed on the lattice .
Using their own data , we repeat here the analysis .	First we revise the procedure followed by Testa et al .
The Hard-Wall model shows a large departure from the SVZ + 1/q^2 expansion in the vector , scalar and gluonium channels due to the absence of any power corrections .	The equivalence of the MSW and GSD models is manifest in the vector channel through the relation of the dilaton parameter with the tachyonic gluon mass .
Recently , some authors removed the big-bang singularity and predicted an infinite age of our universe .	In this paper , we show that the same result can be obtained in string theory and M-theory ; however , the shape of universe changes in different epochs .
A quark condensate forms at finite quark mass , and the value of the condensate varies smoothly with the quark mass for generic regions in parameter space .	At a particular value of the quark mass , there is a finite discontinuity in the condensate 's vacuum expectation value , corresponding to a first order phase transition .
We denote by $ \nabla^0 $ the torsion free bi-invariant linear connection on $ G $ given by $ \nabla^0_XY=\frac12 [ X , Y ] , $ for any left invariant vector fields $ X , Y $ .	A Poisson structure on $ \mathfrak { g } $ is a commutative and associative product on $ \mathfrak { g } $ for which $ \mathrm { ad } _u $ is a derivation , for any $ u\in\mathfrak { g } $ .
Very close to diagonal tilt , we find a quantum liquid state which is continuously connected to the paramagnet .	Frustration can be reduced by increasing the tilt angle away from the diagonal , and the system undergoes a transition to an antiferromagnetically ordered state .
The corresponding field theory can be recast in a particularly simple form , corresponding to a quantum-mechanical particle , self-interacting via the emission and absorption of a massive scalar field .	This is particularly useful in a perturbative treatment : perturbative expansions for the polyelectrolyte can be simply derived from the loop expansion for the related field-theoretical two-point function , for which established computational methods exist .
This is taken to imply that geometric and entropic discords are not , in general , equivalent in describing the dynamics of quantum correlations .	We then show that also geometric and entropic quantifiers of total correlations present qualitative disagreements in the state space .
The rigged Hilbert space consists of three spaces $ X \subset \mathcal { H } \subset X ' $ .	A generalized eigenvalue and a generalized eigenfunction in $ X ' $ are defined by using the analytic continuation of the resolvent as an operator from $ X $ into $ X ' $ .
Motivated by these results we have analyzed a simplified model system in which a narrow neck is randomly coupled to wide ideal leads , both in absence and presence of time reversal invariance .	Based on Random Matrix Theory we study analytically the probability distribution for the conductance of such system .
This region lies between the instability strips of the delta Scuti and SPB stars .	Moreover the periods of the new phenomenon , P~0.1-0.7 d , do not allow to associate it a priori to either of these two types of pulsations .
We report on an all-optical switch that operates at low light levels .	It consists of laser beams counterpropagating through a warm rubidium vapor that induce an off-axis optical pattern .
We use space-based data to separate such stars from high redshift galaxies in a publically-available dataset , and consider the photometric properties of the resulting sample in the optical and infrared .	The inferred distances place these stars well beyond the scale height of the thick disk .
A set of states which minimize the Schroedinger inequality for the Hermitian components of the su_q ( 1,1 ) ladder operator is also constructed .	It is noted that the characteristic uncertainty relations can be written in the alternative complementary form .
This document is an expanded version of a lecture presented at a conference on `` Thin Groups and Superstrong Approximation '' held at the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in February 2012 .	Superstrong approximation is a criterion on a finitely generated group , saying that certain Cayley graphs associated to finite quotients of the group form an expander family .
For repulsive interactions , the ordered state has an oscillatory spin texture whose ordering wavevector is controlled by the chemical potential .	We analyze the manner in which a magnetic impurity provides signatures of such oscillations .
MapReduce is emerged as a prominent programming model for data-intensive computation .	In this work , we study power-aware MapReduce scheduling in the speed scaling setting first introduced by Yao et al . [ FOCS 1995 ] .
Based on photometry of the progenitor candidate and on early-time SN data , it was argued that the progenitor candidate is consistent with a single , massive Wolf-Rayet ( WR ) star .	In this work we present follow-up multi-band light-curves and optical spectra of iPTF13bvn .
High energy gamma ray astronomy is now a well established field and several sources have been discovered in the region from a few GeV up to several TeV .	If sources involving hadronic processes exist , the production of photons would be accompanied by neutrinos too .
Without longitudinal fluctuations the classical time evolution maintains the boost invariance , while an instability develops once fluctuations that break boost invariance are included .	We show that this `` Glasma instability '' enhances rapidity-dependent variations as long as self-interactions among unstable modes stay weak and the system resides in the linear regime .
We have investigated the band-gap pressure coefficients of self-assembled InAs/GaAs quantum dots by calculating 17 systems with different quantum dot shape , size , and alloying profile using atomistic empirical pseudopotential method within the `` strained linear combination of bulk bands '' approach .	Our results confirm the experimentally observed significant reductions of the band gap pressure coefficients from the bulk values .
The heat engine can reach Carnot efficiency with optimal conversion of heat to work .	When the system delivers the maximum power , the efficiency can be a large fraction of the Carnot efficiency .
The emission and possible feedback of particles are included into the self-consistent hydrodynamic scheme .	For the time-like parts of the freeze-out hypersurface the obtained results are different from the well known Cooper-Frye formula and lead to the shock-like freeze-out .
The financial market and turbulence have been broadly compared on account of the same quantitative methods and several common stylized facts they shared .	In this paper , the She-Leveque ( SL ) hierarchy , proposed to explain the anomalous scaling exponents deviated from Kolmogorov monofractal scaling of the velocity fluctuation in fluid turbulence , is applied to study and quantify the hierarchical structure of stock price fluctuations in financial markets .
Surprisingly , and contrary to expectations , at all ages -- including the youngest , & lt ; 15 Myr -- the cluster mass functions are robustly and verifiably represented by lognormal distributions that resemble those commonly found only for old , evolved globular cluster systems in the local Universe .	This suggests that the high-shear conditions in the NGC 7742 starburst ring may significantly speed up dynamical star cluster destruction .
As an example we study in some detail a 6-dimensional Einstein-Maxwell theory coupled to a charged scalar and fermions .	In this case the contribution of the heavy KK modes are geometrically interpreted as the deformation of the internal space .
We examine the implication of the 750 GeV diphoton resonance on the two-Higgs-doublet model imposing various theoretical and experimental constraints .	The production rate of two-Higgs-doublet model is smaller than the cross section observed at the LHC by two order magnitude .
Let X be a complex Fano-manifolds with second Betti-number 1 which carries a contact structure .	It follows from previous work that such a manifold can always be covered by lines .
Special attention is payed to the pedagogical presentation of the recently introduced new models for four dimensional quantum gravity .	The models are motivated by a suitable implementation of the path integral quantization of the Plebanski formulation of gravity on a simplicial regularization .
For population neurons , Weber 's law is satisfied only when the population size is small ( & lt ; 10 neurons ) .	However , if the population neurons share a weak correlation in their discharges and individual neuronal spike train is more regular than a Poisson process , Weber 's law is true without any restriction on the population size .
We report measurements of the [ CII ] fine structure line at 157.714 micron in 30 normal star-forming galaxies with the Long Wavelength Spectrometer ( LWS ) on the Infrared Space Observatory ( ISO ) .	The ratio of the line to total far-infrared luminosity , [ CII ] /FIR , measures the ratio of the cooling of gas to that of dust ; and thus the efficiency of the grain photoelectric heating process .
Atomic shifts due to the modulation result in appearance of satellite reflections and hence in a formation of additional Brillouin zone planes .	The stability of this structure is attributed to the lowering of the electronic band structure energy due to Brillouin zone - Fermi surface interactions .
In the case of live streaming this task becomes particularly challenging .	An important factor than might help improving performance is the capability to correctly predict network throughput dynamics on short to medium timescales .
It is shown that supercurrent coupling destroys the topological stability enjoyed by the usual Faddeev-Skyrme model , so that there can be no globally stable knot solitons in this model .	Nonetheless , local energy minimizers may still exist .
To overcome such problem the document preprocessing , term selection , attribute reduction and maintaining the relationship between the important terms using background knowledge , WordNet , becomes an important parameters in data mining .	In these paper the different stages are formed , firstly the document preprocessing is done by removing stop words , stemming is performed using porter stemmer algorithm , word net thesaurus is applied for maintaining relationship between the important terms , global unique words , and frequent word sets get generated , Secondly , data matrix is formed , and thirdly terms are extracted from the documents by using term selection approaches tf-idf , tf-df , and tf2 based on their minimum threshold value .
We consider the problem of designing mechanisms that interact with strategic agents through strategic intermediaries ( or mediators ) , and investigate the cost to society due to the mediators ' strategic behavior .	Selfish agents with private information are each associated with exactly one strategic mediator , and can interact with the mechanism exclusively through that mediator .
Here we focus on the behavior of the attenuation function , the color excess , and the fraction of light scattered or directly transmitted towards the outside observer as a function of the total amount of dust and the inclination of the galaxy , and the structure of the dusty interstellar medium ( ISM ) of the disk .	We confirm that dust attenuation produces qualitatively and quantitatively different effects on the integrated photometry of bulge and disk , whatever the wavelength .
The most studied mechanism of inflationary magnetogenesis relies on the time-dependence of the coefficient of the gauge kinetic term $ F_ { \mu\nu } \ , { F } ^ { \mu\nu } $ .	Unfortunately , only extremely finely tuned versions of the model can consistently generate the cosmological magnetic fields required by observations .
We also show that average eccentricity of OTIS-cube is $ ( 3n/2+1 ) $ .	In \cite { D05 } , a variant of OTIS-cube , called Enhanced OTIS-cube ( E-OTIS- $ Q_n $ ) was proposed .
Mechanically magnified fluorescence imaging turns out to be an excellent tool for recording quantum interference patterns .	It has a good sensitivity and yields patterns of high visibility .
The constructions include the examples arising from the transplantation technique ( and thus in particular the planar examples ) .	To that end , we introduce four properties - called FF , MAX , PAIR and INV - inspired by natural physical properties ( which rule out trivial constructions ) , that are satisfied for each of the known planar examples .
Magnetic and phonon excitations in the antiferromagnet CoO with an unquenched orbital angular momentum are studied by neutron scattering .	Results of energy scans in several Brillouin zones in the ( HHL ) plane for energy transfers up to 16 THz are presented .
We assume that all transmitters have a cognitive ability to know the distance to their receiver 's closest interferers so they can individually tune their coding rates to avoid outage events for each spatial realization .	Considering that the closest interferer approximates the aggregate interference of all transmitters treated as noise , we derive closed-form expressions for the probability density function of the achievable rates under two decoding rules : treating interference as noise , and jointly detecting the strongest interfering signals treating the others as noise .
The mass range considered is from $ 1\ ; { \rm eV } /c^2 $ to $ 1\ ; { \rm MeV } /c^2 $ .	The strongest constraint on a coupling constant $ \alpha^\prime $ is at the level of a few parts in $ 10^ { 13 } $ ( for $ \gamma^* $ ) and below one part in $ 10^ { 16 } $ ( for a pseudovector ) corresponding to mass below $ 1\ ; { \rm keV } /c^2 $ .
Each shows a significant flattening in the isophotal profile at radii ~0.5 '' , as well as variations in ellipticity and PA .	However , neither is uncommon for elliptical galaxies .
Since we have access to the parton densities at low $ Q^2 $ , we are able to obtain $ F_ { 2 } ( x , Q^2 ) $ structure function at low $ Q^2 $ value .	The result is in good agreement with available experimental data and some theoretical models .
In the canonical situation , the transitions between the extended and the collapsed polymeric phases are always continuous .	The transition line is partly composed by tricritical points and partially by critical endpoints , both lines meeting at a multicritical point .
Molecules with hyperfine splitting of their rotational line spectra are useful probes of optical depth , via the relative line strengths of their hyperfine components.The hyperfine splitting is particularly advantageous in interpreting the physical conditions of the emitting gas because with a second rotational transition , both gas density and temperature can be derived .	For HCN however , the relative strengths of the hyperfine lines are anomalous .
The calculations are made in a Glauber-Gribov framework and Pomeron tree-diagrams are summed up within a unitarity-conserving procedure .	The total cross section of $ \vphot A $ interaction is then found in a parameter-free description , employing gluon diffractive and inclusive distribution functions as input .
Here , we generate entanglement in a large atomic ensemble via the interaction with a very weak laser pulse ; remarkably , the detection of a single photon prepares several thousand atoms in an entangled state .	We reconstruct a negative-valued Wigner function , an important hallmark of nonclassicality , and verify an entanglement depth ( minimum number of mutually entangled atoms ) of 2910 ( 190 ) out of 3100 atoms .
This paper will introduce a theory of emergent animal social complexity using various results from computational models and empirical results .	These results will be organized into a vertical model of social complexity .
Unfortunately , in these systems , large ME response is revealed only upon elaborate poling procedures .	These procedures may become unnecessary in single-polar-domain crystals of polar magnets .
We performed systematic spin- and angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy of TlBi ( S1-xSex ) 2 which undergoes a topological phase transition at x ~ 0.5 .	In TlBiSe2 ( x = 1.0 ) , we revealed a helical spin texture of Dirac-cone surface states with an intrinsic in-plane spin polarization of ~ 0.8 .
We present extensive high-resolution echelle and grating spectroscopy from Ondrejov , Calar Alto , Victoria and La Palma .	We apply spectral disentangling to unveil the individual spectra of the two stars and obtain new spectroscopic elements .
In recent years , Semantic Web technologies based on ontology have emerged as promising solutions to the above engineering problems .	However , current research practicing semantic development in e-government does not focus on the application of available methodologies and platforms for developing government domain ontologies .
We present a new and very high statistics study of D and D_s semileptonic decay form factors on the lattice .	We work with MILC N_f=2+1 lattices and use the Highly Improved Staggered Action ( HISQ ) for both the charm and the light valence quarks .
Furthermore , we formally introduce the notion of double Poisson-Lichnerowicz cohomology for double Poisson algebras , and give some elementary properties .	We introduce the notion of a linear double Poisson tensor on a quiver and show that it induces the structure of a finite dimensional algebra on the vector spaces V_v generated by the loops in the vertex v. We show that the Hochschild cohomology of the associative algebra can be recovered from the double Poisson cohomology .
Recently , with the development of fifth-generation ( 5G ) mobile technology , the concept of dedicated radio-frequency ( RF ) charging promises to support the growing market of wearable devices .	In this work , we shed light on the potential of wireless RF power transfer by elaborating upon feasible system parameters and architecture , emphasizing the basic trade-offs behind omni-directional and directional out-of-band energy transmission , providing system-level performance evaluation , as well as discussing open challenges on the way to sustainable wireless-powered wearables .
It is shown that w.h.p .	the largest area of a hole homothetic to $ L $ is $ ( 1+o ( 1 ) ) \log { n } /n $ .
The Isaac Newton Telescope Photometric H-alpha Survey ( IPHAS ) is currently mapping the Northern Galactic plane reaching to r'=20 mag with typically 1 '' resolution .	Hundreds of Planetary Nebulae ( PNe ) , both point-like and resolved , are expected to be discovered .
In particular we find that for concentrations around 3.5 -- 5 % it is located very close to the valence-band maximum , which is in the range where metallic conductivity has been reported in earlier studies .	For concentration outside this range , larger as well as smaller , the Fermi level is found to be pinned at about 0.15 eV higher energy .
The possibility of developing nanotweezers operating at constant temperature is of particular importance mainly for the manipulation of biological objects .	In this work , a microactuator was produced using a composite bilayer made of a layer of rapidly quenched Ni53Mn24Ga23 ferromagnetic shape memory Heusler alloy and an elastic layer of Pt .
Besides the determined construction of polar codes in BEC channels , different construction techniques have been proposed for AWGN channels .	The current state-of-the-art algorithm starts with a design-SNR ( or an operating SNR ) and then processing is carried out to approximate each individual bit channel .
We investigate the influence of a strong magnetic field on the properties and internal structure of such strongly magnetized neutron stars ( magnetars ) .	The presence of a sufficiently strong magnetic field changes the ratio of protons to neutrons as well as the neutron appearance density .
However , the demonstration of the flat band physics is highly nontrivial due to intrinsic limitations in conventional condensed matter materials .	Here we propose a circuit quantum electrodynamics simulator of the 2D Lieb lattice exhibiting a flat middle band .
We report a fault-tolerant storage threshold of 1.9 ( 4 ) % for Kitaev 's toric code subject to a 3D bit-flip channel ( i.e.including imperfect syndrome measurements ) .	This number is to be compared with the 2.9 % value obtained via perfect matching .
This is a study of the scattering and absorption of planar gravitational waves by a Kerr black hole in vacuum .	We apply the partial wave method to compute cross sections for the special case of radiation incident along the rotation axis .
Similarly , a new measurement of the parity-violating gamma-ray asymmetry in polarized neutron capture on the proton is being developed with a ten-fold improvement over previous measurements .	These experiments are intended to provide stringent constraints on the set of seven effective weak meson-nucleon coupling constants .
We identify a new , nearby ( 0.5 & lt ; d & lt ; 10 kpc ) stream in data from the RAdial Velocity Experiment ( RAVE ) .	As the majority of stars in the stream lie in the constellation of Aquarius we name it the Aquarius Stream .
The electrically driven emitters display fully polarized output , superior photon statistics ( with a count rate of $ & gt ; $ 300 kHz ) , and stability in both continuous and pulsed modes , all at room temperature .	The atomic origin of the single photon source is proposed .
It extracts metadata for each discovered Web documents in RDF or OWL formats , and computes relations between documents .	We proposed a hybrid indexing and ranking technique for the Semantic Web which finds relevant documents and computes the similarity among a set of documents .
The analysis of the CMB anisotropies is a rich source of cosmological informations .	In our study , we simulated the signals produced by the relics of a first order phase transition occured during an inflationary epoch in the early Universe .
The agents ' objective is to ensure their individual survival over time or , equivalently , to maximize profits .	In equilibrium , however , rational agents who maximize their objective survival probability are , individually and collectively , eliminated by the forces of competition .
Unlike all previously observed long-duration afterglows in the redshift range 0.5 & lt ; z & lt ; 2.0 , we find no strong ( rest-frame equivalent width W & gt ; 1.0 A ) absorption features in the wavelength range 4000 - 10000 A .	The sole significant feature is a weak doublet we identify as Mg II 2796 ( W = 0.18 +/- 0.02 A ) , 2803 ( W = 0.08 +/- 0.01 ) at z = 1.5477 +/- 0.0001 .
The main result is that an average-optimal policy either always runs the system or is an ( M , N ) -policy defined by two thresholds M and N , such that the system is switched on upon an arrival epoch when the system size accumulates to N and is switched off upon a departure epoch when the system size decreases to M. It is shown that this optimization problem can be reduced to a problem with a finite number of states and actions , and an average-optimal policy can be computed via linear programming .	An example , in which the optimal ( M , N ) -policy outperforms the best ( 0 , N ) -policy , is provided .
These spectral templates can be obtained , for example , from principal component analysis of a set of graph signals defined on the particular network .	The novel idea is to find a graph shift that while being consistent with the provided spectral information , it endows the network structure with certain desired properties such as sparsity .
The intrinsic connection between aperiodic orders observed in the Fibonacci sequence , Penrose tiling , and quasicrystals is a well-known example .	Another example is the self-similarity in fractals and dendrites .
The goal is to enable an authorized party to obtain aggregate ( statistical ) information from the database while protecting the privacy of the individuals , which we formalize using Differential Privacy .	This process can be facilitated by an untrusted server that provides storage and processing services but should not learn anything about the database .
The space Z may be thought of as an algebraic model for the loop space of X .	In this paper , we associate to X a connected reductive complex algebraic subgroup $ \check H $ of the dual group $ \check G $ .
In agreement with previous work , the calculated frequencies of some phonons depended on whether the ground state was magnetic or not and , in the former case , whether phonon wavevector was parallel or perpendicular to the magnetic ordering wavevector .	The experimental results agreed better with the magnetic calculation than with zero Fe moment calculations , except the peak splitting expected due to magnetic domain twinning was not observed .
Visibly pushdown automata are input-driven pushdown automata that recognize some non-regular context-free languages while preserving the nice closure and decidability properties of finite automata .	Visibly pushdown automata with multiple stacks have been considered recently by La Torre , Madhusudan , and Parlato , who exploit the concept of visibility further to obtain a rich automata class that can even express properties beyond the class of context-free languages .
The dark sector consists of SU ( 2 ) dark gauge fields , two triplet dark Higgs fields , and two dark fermion doublets ( dark matter candidates in this model ) .	The dark sector interacts with the SM sector through kinetic and mass mixing operators .
Together with previous results for R^4 , this provides a direct proof that no E7 ( 7 ) -invariant candidate counterterm exists below 7-loop order .	At 7-loops , we characterize the infinite tower of independent supersymmetric operators D^4R^6 , R^8 , phi^2 R^8 , ... with n & gt ; 4 fields and prove that they all violate E7 ( 7 ) symmetry .
The suspension noise in interferometric gravitational wave detectors is caused by losses at the top and the bottom attachments of each suspension fiber .	We use the Fluctuation-Dissipation theorem to argue that by careful positioning of the laser beam spot on the mirror face it is possible to reduce the contribution of the bottom attachment point to the suspension noise by several orders of magnitude .
In this type of model - contrary to Boolean Networks - propagation of local perturbations ( damage ) depends on the in-degree of the sites .	$ K_c $ is determined analytically , using an annealed approximation , and the results are confirmed by numerical simulations .
We have calculated the orbital evolution of planets around stars with a range of initial masses , and have shown how planetary orbits are affected by the evolution of the stars all the way to the tip of the Red Giant Branch ( RGB ) .	We find that tidal interaction can lead to the engulfment of close-in planets by evolved stars .
The four superflows have various counter-relations , and altogether lead to a conserved total supercurrent and a conserved total spin supercurrent .	In the homogenous case , we also obtain the elementary excitations due to variations of the single-particle orbital wave functions , by exactly solving the generalized time-dependent Bogoliubov equations .
Close to the threshold , we reproduce results previously known from the literature .	The region 47-50 eV seems to have been previously unexplored .
Using this relation , it is shown that the Douglas -- Kazakov phase transition on a cylinder is associated with the presence of a gap in the eigenvalue distributions for Wilson loops .	An exact formula for the phase transition on disc with an arbitrary boundary holonomy is found .
In addition to the precise knowledge of the edge energy of the luminosity spectrum , it is even more important to have a way to calibrate the absolute energy scale of the detector .	At first sight , Compton scattering itself provides a unique way to determine the beam energies and produce particles of known energies that could be used for detector calibration .
We also derived explicit analytical expressions for the matrices of the Yukawa couplings and computed the branching ratios of some selected flavour changing neutral current processes as functions of the masses of the charged leptons and the neutral Higgs bosons .	We find that the S_3 x Z_2 flavour symmetry and the strong mass hierarchy of the charged leptons strongly suppress the FCNC processes in the leptonic sector well below the present experimental upper bounds by many orders of magnitude .
We use this definition to characterize the low temperature phase of hierarchical spin-glass models .	We use the Replica Symmetry Breaking theory to evaluate the cost for an overlap interface , which in these models is particularly simple .
The approach is general enough to encompass a number of recent proposals in the literature , variously related to the skew normal distribution .	The special case of skew elliptical densities is examined in detail , establishing connections with existing similar work .
A two-dimensional superconductor ( SC ) on surfaces of topological insulators ( TIs ) is a mixture of s-wave and helical p-wave components when induced by s-wave interactions , since spin and momentum are correlated .	On the basis of the Abrikosov-Gor'kov theory , we reveal that unconventional SCs on the surfaces of TIs are stable against time-reversal symmetric ( TRS ) impurities within a region of small impurity concentration .
In real S-1/2 HAFC compounds interchain coupling induces long-range magnetic order although with a suppressed ordered moment and reduced N\'eel temperature compared to the Curie-Weiss temperature .	Recently , it was suggested that order can also be suppressed if the interchain interactions are frustrated , as for the Nersesyan-Tsvelik model .
Results show the CI model with a 1 m close-in reference distance is suitable for outdoor environments , while the CIF model is more appropriate for indoor modeling .	The CI and CIF models are easily implemented in existing 3GPP models by making a very subtle modification -- by replacing a floating non-physically based constant with a frequency-dependent constant that represents free space path loss in the first meter of propagation .
Choosing an appropriate Riemannian metric on $ M $ and Morse-Smale functions $ f_j : C_j \rightarrow \mathbb { R } $ on the critical submanifolds $ C_j $ , one can construct a Morse chain complex whose boundary operator is defined by counting cascades \cite { FraTheA } .	Similar data , which also includes a parameter $ \epsilon & gt ; 0 $ that scales the Morse-Smale functions $ f_j $ , can be used to define an explicit perturbation of the Morse-Bott function $ f $ to a Morse-Smale function $ h_\epsilon : M \rightarrow \mathbb { R } $ \cite { AusMor } \cite { BanDyn } .
For the connected two-point function a substantial reduction of the variance can be obtained , allowing us to compute the correlation length with high precision .	Based on these results , estimates for various universal amplitude ratios that characterise the universality class of the three-dimensional Ising model are computed .
The applications of the model are addressed to the low-temperature/high-magnetic-field phase of CeCoIn5 [ M. Kenzelmann et al. , Science 321 , 1652 ( 2008 ) , Phys.Rev.Lett .	104 , 127001 ( 2010 ) ] .
We introduce here some mathematical background necessary to address questions of stability in decentralized control in general and formation control in particular .	This background includes an extension of the notion of global stability to systems evolving on manifolds and a notion of robustness of feedback control for nonlinear systems .
The design of the detector is optimized for ultralow- background searches for neutrinoless double beta decay of ^ { 130 } Te ( 33.8 % abundance ) , cold dark matter , solar axions , and rare nuclear decays .	A preliminary experiment involving 20 crystals of various sizes ( MIBETA ) has been completed , and a single CUORE tower is being constructed as a smaller scale experiment called CUORICINO .
We show that in transition metal compounds containing structural metal dimers there may exist in the presence of different orbitals a special state with partial formation of singlets by electrons on one orbital , while others are effectively decoupled and may give e.g.long-range magnetic order or stay paramagnetic .	Similar situation can be realized in dimers spontaneously formed at structural phase transitions , which can be called orbital-selective Peierls transition .
Combining variational concepts in the adiabatic regime and perturbation theory in the anti-adiabatic regime we derive effective spin Hamiltonians which cover the dynamical effect of phonons in an approximate way .	Ground-state phase diagrams of these models are determined , and the effect of frustration is discussed .
Macroscopic systems subjected to injection and dissipation of energy can exhibit complex spatiotemporal behaviors as result of dissipative self-organization .	Despite the substantive theoretical and numerical progress to characterize these behaviors , its experimental implementation has been almost sterile .
The string model is relativistic , in the sense that the velocity of sound is for each string piece set equal to the velocity of light .	In this sense the theory is analogous to the electromagnetic theory in a dielectric medium in which the product of permittivity and permeability is equal to unity ( an isorefractive medium ) .
As motivation for this question , `` magic state '' distillation procedures can reduce the general fault-tolerance problem to that of performing fault-tolerant stabilizer circuits .	We improve the procedures of Bravyi and Kitaev in the Hadamard `` magic '' direction of the Bloch sphere to achieve a sharp threshold between those rho allowing universal quantum computation , and those for which any calculation can be efficiently classically simulated .
This paper is to investigate the effects of quantum noises on entanglement localization by taking an example of reducing a three-qubit Greenberger-Horne-Zeilinger ( GHZ ) state to a two-qubit entangled state .	We consider , respectively , two types of quantum decoherence , i.e. , amplitude-damping and depolarizing decoherence , and explore the best von Neumann measurements on one of three qubits of the triple GHZ state for making the amount of entanglement of the collapsed bipartite state be as large as possible .
We obtain a continuous series of commutative hypergroups whose characters are given by Bessel functions of matrix argument .	Our results generalize well-known structures in the rank one case , namely the Bessel-Kingman hypergroups on the positive real line , to a higher rank setting .
The 2-150 keV time-integrated energy spectrum is well described by the sum of two blackbodies whose temperatures are approximately 4.3 and 9.8 keV .	The time-resolved energy spectra are similarly well fit by the sum of two blackbodies .
We remeasure the `` light echo '' times to the near and far side of the ring around SN 1987A using the method of Gould ( 1995 ) and the new reductions of the original UV spectra by Sonneborn et al . ( 1996 ) .	Under the assumption that the ring is circular , we obtain an upper limit to the distance to the Large Magellanic Cloud \mu_lmc & lt ; 18.37 +/- 0.04 .
Intense electromagnetic evanescent fields are thermally excited in near fields on material surfaces ( at distances smaller than the wavelength of peak thermal radiation ) .	The property of the fields is of strong interest for it is material-specific and is important for understanding a variety of surface-related effects , such as friction forces , Casimir forces , near-field heat transfer , and surface-coupled molecular dynamics .
We examined protein residue networks ( PRNs ) from a local search perspective to understand why PRNs are highly clustered when having short paths is important for protein functionality .	We found that by adopting a local search perspective , this conflict between form and function is resolved as increased clustering actually helps to reduce path length in PRNs .
It is a main tool in pattern recognition , image segmentation , edge detection and scene analysis .	In this paper , we present a new thresholding technique based on two-dimensional Tsallis entropy .
We performed the high hydrostatic pressure resistivity measurements ( up to 1.7 GPa ) on the newly discovered superconductors $ A_ { x } $ Fe $ _2 $ Se $ _2 $ ( $ A $ = K and Cs ) single crystals .	Two batches of single crystals $ K_xFe_2Se_2 $ with different transition temperatures ( $ T_c $ ) were used to study the effect of pressure .
The mean annual temperature of a station fluctuates from year to year by typically +-0.6oC ( one standard deviation ) .	Superimposed on this fluctuation is a linear increase of the temperature by typically 0.40oC per century ever since reliable data is available , i.e.since 1702 .
Large-scale statistical analysis of data sets associated with genome sequences plays an important role in modern biology .	A key component of such statistical analyses is the computation of $ p $ -values and confidence bounds for statistics defined on the genome .
Ground-based exoplanet surveys such as SuperWASP , HATNet and KELT have discovered close to two hundred transiting extrasolar planets in the past several years .	The strategy of these surveys is to look at a large field of view and measure the brightnesses of its bright stars to around half a percent per point precision , which is adequate for detecting hot Jupiters .
We show that under appropriate additional assumptions on $ A $ the asymptotic $ \mathbf { P } \ { X & gt ; x \ } \sim c x^ { -\kappa } \ell ( x ) $ holds , where $ \ell $ is a nonconstant slowly varying function .	We use Goldie 's renewal theoretic approach .
The nonlinearity of rotation results from long-lived coherence of ground-state Zeeman sublevels created by a near-resonant light .	The method allows for creation , detection and control of atomic superposition states .
We show that the main structures of quantum theory ( interference of probabilities , Born 's rule , complex probabilistic amplitudes , Hilbert state space , representation of observables by operators ) are present in a latent form in the classical Kolmogorov probability model .	However , this model should be considered as a calculus of contextual probabilities .
The result is framed as a modified $ \chi^ { 2 } $ analysis which is easy to implement in existing analyses , and quite portable .	We present a first application to a recent convergent ablator experiment performed at the NIF , and investigate the effect of variations in all physical dimensions of the target ( very difficult to do using other methods ) .
As expected , diffusion is anisotropic , with the pore main axis as the preferred direction , but an in-depth analysis shows that the instantaneous velocity probabilities are essentially identical along the x , y and z directions .	The 3D velocity histogram shows a maximum probability located at v=30.8 m/s , twice the observed velocity for a single-stranded three nucleotide DNA encapsulated in comparable armchair geometries ( v=16.7 m/s , D=1.36-1.89 nm ) .
The formulated six-parameter nonminimal Einstein-Yang-Mills-Higgs model is applied to cosmology .	We show that there exists a unique exact cosmological solution of the de Sitter type for a special choice of the coupling parameters .
In light of the recent detection by the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope ( FGST ) of 47 Tuc , the first detection of any globular cluster as a gamma-ray source , we present the results of observations of northern hemisphere globular clusters by VERITAS .	Three globular clusters have been observed : M15 , M13 and M5 .
Attractive non-local interactions jointly with repulsive local interaction in a microscopic modelling of electronic Fermi liquids generate a competition between an enhancement of the static charge susceptibility -- -ultimately signalling charge instability and phase separation -- -and its correlation induced suppression .	We analyse this scenario through the investigation of the extended Hubbard model on a two-dimensional square lattice , using the spin rotation invariant slave-boson representation of Kotliar and Ruckenstein .
This is achieved using X-ray observations by disentangling the high-energy end of the synchrotron emission and the low-energy end of the Compton emission , which are produced by the same electron population .	We focused on a sample of 29 TeV gamma-ray emitting blazars with the best signal-to-noise X-ray observations collected with Swift/XRT in the energy range of 0.3-10 keV during 10 years of Swift/XRT operations .
A comparision with results from $ \gamma\gamma \to t\bar { c } + c\bar { t } $ may allow to distinguish between B- and L-violating interactions .	For very clean background conditions and R_ { p } violation parameters close to present limits , a future detection of B-violating interactions should be possible .
These surface transport properties , however , remains difficult to be isolated from the bulk in existing TI crystals ( Bi2Se3 , Bi2Te3 and Sb2Te3 ) due to impurity caused bulk conduction .	We report in large crystals of topological Kondo insulator ( TKI ) candidate material SmB6 the thickness-independent surface Hall effects and non- local transport , which are robust against perturbations including mechanical abrasion .
It is therefore possible to interpret the quantum state as a complex valued probability distribution from which measurement probabilities can be derived according to Bayesian rules .	The conventional measurement probabilities derived from squares of the wavefunction then describes the effects of measurement back-action , which originate from a non-classical relation between dynamics and statistics that is characteristic of quantum mechanics .
The analysis is performed in spectral space , which is decomposed into a series of shells following a power law for the boundaries .	The triadic transfers occurring among these shells are computed and the fluxes and locality functions are recovered by partial summation over the relevant shells .
With this framework , an initial set of controller gains is automatically improved according to a pre-defined performance objective evaluated from experimental data .	The underlying Bayesian optimization algorithm is Entropy Search , which represents the latent objective as a Gaussian process and constructs an explicit belief over the location of the objective minimum .
In programmers point of view , Datatypes in programming language level have a simple description but inside hardware , huge machine codes are responsible to describe type features .	Datatype architecture design is a novel approach to match programming features along with hardware design .
It is known that selective ultrafilters or even P-points are preserved by Sacks forcing .	On the other hand ( answering a question raised by Hrusak ) we show that assuming CH ( or more generally MA for ctble posets ) there exists an ultrafilter U with property ( s ) such that U does not generate an ultrafilter in any extension which adds a new subset of omega .
We illustrate with several examples .	We also announce new results and explain possible further developments , in particular on finite dimensional representations at roots of unity .
It is generally assumed that the two dark components of the energy density of the universe , a smooth component called dark energy and a fluid of nonrelativistic weakly interacting particles called dark matter , are independent of each other and interact only through gravity .	In this paper , we consider a class of models in which the dark matter and dark energy interact directly .
The sources of this variation and its universality are of much theoretical interest .	Here we address the problem by asymptotic analysis of the Population Balance Equation .
Thus , individuals confront a new dilemma : on the one hand , they may be inclined to choose the shared reward despite the possibility of being exploited by defectors ; on the other hand , if too many players do that , cooperators will obtain a poor reward and defectors will outperform them .	By appropriately tuning the amount to be shared a vast variety of scenarios arises , including traditional ones in the study of cooperation as well as more complex situations where unexpected behavior can occur .
We describe a procedure for background subtracting Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS ) imaging that improves the resulting detection and photometry of large galaxies on the sky .	Within each SDSS drift scan run , we mask out detected sources and then fit a smooth function to the variation of the sky background .
The calculations are based on density functional theory ( DFT ) , and the recently developed consistent-exchange functional for the van der Waals density-functional method ( vdW-DF-cx ) is employed .	We obtain values of the chloroform adsorption energy varying from roughly 0.2 to 0.4 eV per molecule .
Within our specific setting we verify the recent universal results regarding efficiency at maximum power and discuss properties of the optimal protocol .	Namely , we show that for certain fixed parameters the optimal protocol maximizes not only the output power but also the efficiency .
The Mott-insulator \kappa- ( BEDT-TTF ) _2Cu_2 ( CN ) _3 is the prime candidate of a quantum spin liquid with puzzling magnetic properties .	Our THz and infrared investigations reveal that also the charge dynamics does not follow the expectations for a Mott insulator .
The measurements were made for 3He concentrations 16 & lt ; x_3 & lt ; 2000 ppm .	For 3He concentrations x_3 = 16 ppm and 24 ppm , large changes are observed for both the spin-lattice relaxation time T_1 and the spin-spin relaxation time T_2 at temperatures close to those for which the anomalies are observed in measurements of torsional oscillator responses and the shear modulus .
The equations corresponding to the ionization and chemical equilibria of H , H+ , H- , H2 , H2+ , and H3+ are coupled with the equations of ionization and thermal balance for a photoionized atomic gas .	Forty different reactions related to the formation or the destruction of these species are included .
V838 Mon erupted at the beginning of 2002 becoming an extremely luminous star .	Among various scenarios proposed to explain the nature of the outburst the most promising is a stellar merger event .
The system incorporates a flexible source that can generate arbitrary waveforms at 94 GHz with a bandwidth greater than 1 GHz , as well as a probe that efficiently transmits the millimeter waves from room temperature outside the magnet to a cryogenic environment inside the magnet .	Using a thin-walled brass tube as an overmoded waveguide to transmit a hybrid HE11 mode , it is possible to limit the losses to 1 dB across a 2 GHz bandwidth .
The aim of this paper is to shed light on the analysis of non-stationary time series by means of the method of diffusion entropy .	For this purpose , we first study the case when infinitely many time series , as different realizations of the same dynamic process , are available , so as to adopt the Gibbs ensemble perspective .
We have analyzed high energy heavy ion collisions from view point of thermodynamics .	Entropy densities are calculated for reactions up 14 TeV energies .
It is shown that for odd $ i $ , when the Fermi level $ E_ { F } $ is situated between the valley-split levels , $ \Delta \sigma_ { xx } $ is determined by quantum corrections to conductivity caused by the electron-electron interaction : $ \Delta\sigma_ { xx } ( T ) \sim \ln T $ .	For even $ i $ , when $ E_ { F } $ is located between cyclotron-split levels or spin-split levels , $ \sigma_ { xx } \sim \exp [ -\Delta_ { i } /T ] $ for $ i=6,10,12 $ and $ \sim \exp [ - ( T_ { 0i } /T ) ] ^ { 1/2 } $ for $ i=4,8 $ .
The calculation of the latter relies on an accurately derived Coulomb energy and smooth averages of the charge symmetry breaking potentials constrained to state of the art values .	The only free parameter is the neutron skin itself .
We present an efficient , robust computational method for modeling the Newtonian dynamics for rotation curve analysis of thin-disk galaxies .	For a disk galaxy with a typical flat rotation curve , our modeling results show that the surface mass density monotonically decreases from the galactic center toward periphery , according to Newtonian dynamics .
We ask if there exist domains $ S $ in $ \mathbb { R } ^d $ which admit such a system as a Riesz basis for the space $ L^2 ( S ) $ .	We prove that the answer depends on an arithmetical condition on the quasicrystal .
We review the double-server and triple-server protocols [ Li et al. , Phys.Rev .	A 89 , 040302 ( R ) ( 2014 ) ] , and propose a modified double-server BQC protocol with a trusted center .
Being built in two phases at J-PARC , Tokai , Japan , COMET will first take data in 2018 , where it should achieve a factor 100 improvement .	This report gives an overview of $ \mu $ - $ e $ conversion and the COMET experiment as well as a summary of the recent progress in construction and design .
In all the cases studied thus far claims for similarity involving the Zagarola and Smits scaling parameter have been based on examining plots of the defect profile .	In the work herein it is shown that the common practice of finding similarity behavior using the defect profile has often been incomplete in the sense that not all of the criteria for similarity have been checked for compliance .
We will give a condition of solvability of partial integral equations with self-adjoint kernel .	Moreover , a general form of compact operators relative to a type I von Neumann algebra is given .
The relation of the nonlinear Heisenberg ODES to asymptotic quantum SDEs is established extending previous work on linear ( Schrodinger ) equations .	This is shown to generalize the classical integral transformations between the various forms of stochastic calculi and to extend the Khasminskii theorem to the quantum setting .
Using a multiple scales analysis , we consider the effect of amplitude and frequency of the periodic forcing relative to the drifting rate of the slowly varying bifurcation parameter .	We show that a high frequency oscillation drives an earlier tipping when the bifurcation parameter varies more slowly , with the advance of the tipping point proportional to the square of the ratio of amplitude to frequency .
The resulting matrix components are displayed as detailed functions of spin with factors such as the square root of ( 2A+1 ) .	For comparison and as an alternative , Lyubarskii 's formulas in terms of Clebsch-Gordan coefficients are recalled from the literature and displayed .
This condition is trivially satisfied by the quadratic Hamiltonians and is rather restrictive for the interacting models .	An example is given when the condition is violated .
GRB 020813 is best suited for this kind of analysis for the smoothness of its afterglow light curve , ensuring the applicability of current models .	The polarization dataset allows us to rule out the standard GRB jet , in which the energy and Lorentz factor have a well defined value inside the jet opening angle and the magnetic field is generated at the shock front .
We present results of our survey observations of the [ C II ] 158 micron line emission from the Galactic plane using the Balloon-borne Infrared Carbon Explorer ( BICE ) .	Our survey covers a wide area ( 350 deg & lt ; l & lt ; 25 deg , |b| & lt ; 3 deg ) with a spatial resolution of 15 ' .
Similar evolutionary variational inequalities appear as convenient formulations for continuous models for sandpile growth , magnetization of type-II superconductors , and evolution of some other dissipative systems characterized by the multiplicity of metastable states , long-range interactions , avalanches , and hysteresis .	The origin of this similarity is that these are quasistationary models of equilibrium in which the multiplicity of metastable states is a consequence of a unilateral condition of equilibrium ( critical-state constraint ) .
We find no strong evidence that the NLS1s deviates from the M-sigma relation , which is defined by reverberation-mapped type 1 AGNs and quiescent galaxies .	However , there is a clear trend of the offset with the host galaxy morphology , i.e. , more inclined galaxies toward the line-of-sight have higher stellar velocity dispersion , suggesting that the rotational broadening plays a role in measuring stellar velocity dispersion based on the single-aperture spectra from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
We report calculations of energy levels , radiative rates , oscillator strengths and line strengths for transitions among the lowest 231 levels of Ti VII .	The general-purpose relativistic atomic structure package ( { \sc grasp } ) and flexible atomic code ( { \sc fac } ) are adopted for the calculations .
A generalized von-Neumann-Wigner theorem we propose here gives the number of constraints on the lattice necessary to have contacts without fine tuning of lattice parameters .	By counting this number , one could quest for the candidate of Dirac systems without solving the secular equation .
The addition of W increases the density and overall strength of the sample .	To investigate relatively large deformations multi-material Eulerian and arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian methods , which have the ability to efficiently handle the formation of free surfaces , were used .
B 48 , 8376 ( 1993 ) ] .	We demonstrate the DFT-SCM method through its earlier applications to condensed-matter finite systems , including metal clusters , fullerenes , and metal nanowires .
In particular , we consider a maximal extension of the Hilbert-Einstein action and analyze several interesting features of the theory .	Generally , the motion is non-geodesic and takes place in the presence of an extra force , which is orthogonal to the four-velocity .
However , the methods of proving these theorems are even more far reaching .	The general idea is to describe some family of events , whose cardinality a priori could be large , only with a few certificates .
Our linear analysis shows that the growth rate of the unstable modes in the presence of dust particles strongly depends on the ratio of the cooling rate and the modified dust-cyclotron frequency .	If the cooling rate is less than the modified dust-cyclotron frequency , then growth rate of the condensation modes does not modify due to the existence of the charged dust particles .
Optical spectroscopy of the components show only moderate Halpha emission corresponding to a statistical age of ~5 - 7 Gyr for both M dwarfs .	However NLTT 20346 is associated with the XMM-Newton source J085018.9+105644 , and based on X-ray activity the age of NLTT 20346 is between 250-450 Myr .
We also prove that the probability that $ P_n $ contains any given graph $ H $ as an induced subgraph is asymptotically $ 0 $ or $ \frac12 $ or $ 1 $ .	Further we show that almost all perfect graphs are $ 2 $ -clique-colourable , improving a result of Bacs\'o et al from 2004 ; they are almost all Hamiltonian ; they almost all have connectivity $ \kappa ( P_n ) $ equal to their minimum degree ; they are almost all in class one ( edge-colourable using $ \Delta $ colours , where $ \Delta $ is the maximum degree ) ; and a sequence of independently and uniformly sampled perfect graphs of increasing size converges almost surely to the graphon $ W_P ( x , y ) = \frac12 ( \mathbb { 1 } [ x \le 1/2 ] + \mathbb { 1 } [ y \le 1/2 ] ) $ .
The most commonly-used variant , with an Al alloy case , was predicted to produce a slightly curved projectile , subjected to some shock heating , and likely exhibiting some porosity from tensile damage .	The flatness can be improved by using a case of lower shock impedance , such as polymethyl methacrylate .
In addition , the inelastic scattering experiment detects a $ Q $ -independent quasielastic signal ascribed to single-site relaxational spin fluctuations .	Above the macroscopic freezing temperature $ T_ { \rm f } \simeq 7 $ K , the spin relaxation rate shows Arrhenius-type behavior , indicating thermally activated relaxation process .
We address an issue : would the cosmological scale factor be a locally oscillating quantity ?	This problem is examined in the framework of two classical 1+1-dimensional models : the first one is a string against a curved background , and the second one is an inhomogeneous Bianchi I model .
Here we probe the dynamics of an experimental producer parasite ecosystem as it approaches a catastrophic collapse .	Surprisingly , the producer population grows in size as the environment deteriorates , highlighting that population size can be a misleading measure of ecosystem stability .
We present sub-second , continuous-coverage photometry of three flares on the dM3.5e star , EQ Peg A , using custom continuum filters with WHT/ULTRACAM .	These data provide a new view of flare continuum emission , with each flare exhibiting a very distinct light curve morphology .
Their spectra strongly differ from template spectra of Type 2 AGN at lower luminosities .	They do not exhibit strong PAH dust emission features from circum-nuclear star forming regions , typical for lower luminosity Type 2 Seyfert galaxies or other previously used QSO2 templates , such as the ( Ultra ) luminous Infrared Galaxy ( ( U ) LIRG ) NGC 6240 .
We analyze and simulate a two dimensional Brownian multi-type particle system with death and branching ( birth ) depending on the position of particles of different types .	The system is confined in the two dimensional box , whose boundaries act as the sink of Brownian particles .
Each edge of $ E_F $ has a fixed price .	The edges of $ E_P $ are the priceable edges and their price is not fixed a priori .
In this first part , we introduce the notion of \emph { $ n $ -shifted symplectic structures } , a generalization of the notion of symplectic structures on smooth varieties and schemes , meaningful in the setting of derived Artin n-stacks .	We prove that classifying stacks of reductive groups , as well as the derived stack of perfect complexes , carry canonical 2-shifted symplectic structures .
We study thermal effects at the depinning transition by numerical simulations of driven one-dimensional elastic interfaces in a disordered medium .	We find that the velocity of the interface , evaluated at the critical depinning force , can be correctly described with the power law $ v\sim T^\psi $ , where $ \psi $ is the thermal exponent .
The experiment employed 180 microA of 89 % longitudinally polarized electrons whose helicity was reversed 960 times per second .	The electrons were accelerated to 1.16 GeV and directed to a beamline with extensive instrumentation to measure helicity-correlated beam properties that can induce false asymmetries .
Unlike the longstanding claims which state that the theory always has a mass gap , we for the first time establish a complete { \em critical } theory for the transition at $ \theta = \pi $ obtained from a mapping onto the low temperature phase of the 1D Ising model .	We derive a simple effective field theory in terms of 1D massless chiral fermions .
We introduce a class of finite dimensional nonlinear superalgebras $ L = L_ { \bar { 0 } } + L_ { \bar { 1 } } $ providing gradings of $ L_ { \bar { 0 } } = gl ( n ) \simeq sl ( n ) + gl ( 1 ) $ .	Odd generators close by anticommutation on polynomials ( of degree $ & gt ; 1 $ ) in the $ gl ( n ) $ generators .
The global structure of this space-time is here analyzed in detail .	Conformal and embedding diagrams are constructed , and synchronous coordinates which are suitable for a discussion of the cosmic no-hair conjecture are presented .
Given a simply connected domain in the complex plane , bounded by a simple analytic curve , we consider the conformal mapping problem , the Dirichlet boundary problem , and to the 2D inverse potential problem associated with the domain .	A remarkable family of real-valued functionals on the space of such domains is constructed .
We have found that $ J/\Psi $ is the only charmonium left bellow naive quark-antiquark threshold $ 2m_c $ , while the all excited states are situated above this threshold .	We develop a method which is enable to provide solution of full four dimensional BSE for the all excited states .
Differences between arm and interarm regions are specifically studied by decomposing the images into arm and non-arm zones .	We find from a comparison of the morphology in H $ \alpha $ , HI and dust that while the first two are coincident over most of the disc , they are offset from the dust lanes especially along the inner parts of the spiral arms : a picture which is indicative of a density wave shock moving through the arms .
To find the critical temperatures corresponding to these various instabilities , we handle the properties of the interacting Fermi gas on the same footing as the instabilities by making use of the same vertex .	This approximate treatment is shown to be quite satisfactory in a number of limiting situations where it agrees with known exact results .
We investigate the features generated by a sharp turn along the inflationary trajectory in a two-field model of Dirac-Born-Infeld inflation , where one of the fields is heavy .	Distinct features are generated by two different effects : the mixing of the light and heavy modes during the turn , on the one hand , and the resonance between the oscillations along the heavy direction after the turn , on the other hand .
Future X-ray missions could detect weaker oxygen absorption produced by gas with a wider range of temperatures and the lower densities of unvirialized structures ; they could also detect X-ray forest absorption by C , N , Ne , Fe , and possibly Si .	If the IGM metallicity is 0.1 solar , then the predicted number of systems strong enough for a ~5\sigma detection with Chandra or XMM-Newton is extremely low , though scatter in metallicity would increase the number of strong absorbers even if the mean metallicity remained the same .
