The doctors told his parents it was unhealthy .	His parents understood and decided to make a change .
Carrie had just learned how to ride a bike .	She did n't have a bike of her own .
She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk .	After walking for over a mile , something happened .
He began yelling about how long his food was taking .	Jane did n't know how to react .
I decided to agree with what she says and listened to her patiently .	After I got home , I got a text from her .
He got a call from his girlfriend , asking where he was .	Frank suddenly realized he had a date that night .
Dave was in the Bahamas on vacation .	He decided to go snorkeling on his second day .
Sunny got back into her car and heading towards the mall .	Sunny found some sunglasses and headed back to the beach .
Sally flew to visit her mom and her mom 's new husband .	Although her mom was obviously in love , he was nothing like her dad .
His friends were not paying attention so they believed him .	Dan snuck a ball on the green and made his putt from 10 feet .
The teacher told Joshua not to bring his bird again .	When Josh got home , he was grounded .
A cat ran across their path .	Hal 's dog strained so hard , the leash broke !
Brenda was in love with her boyfriend Maxwell .	He was a successful artist with a promising future .
She mixed it up in an attempt to make lunch .	Since the place needed meat , she also fried and eggs .
I saw my friend Joe sitting in lobby today .	I kept him company , as he is a lonely old man .
Twas the night after the first day of junior high .	Amy and her friend Beth were on the phone .
I knew of a young man who won the lottery .	He used to ride lawn mowers .
The shopper saw a homeless man shivering in the alleyway .	He gave up his place in the line and brought a gift back from his car .
They took turns deciding which game to play .	They spent six hours playing different board games .
He gathered his tools and material supplies .	He labored all day to finish the job .
They searched for a shower for what felt like ages .	Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever .
So on Christmas morning , And got a wonderful surprise .	He received a puppy with a shiny bow on it 's head !
Kelly and her friends decided to have a hot dog contest .	The girls competed against each other .
Suddenly , Dan ran into the kitchen and started crying .	He had just seen a video of a man trampled by an elephant .
One day he bought a scratching ticket .	He won enough money for a down payment .
Since I was n't looking at my feet , I stepped on a rock .	I landed on the ground in pain .
It was delicious and refreshing and she could n't wait to finish it .	She put it on her car roof while fishing for her keys .
Todd was hungry .	He did not have anything to cook at his house .
Virgil brought home a bright blue recliner he had found online .	His wife thought it was hideous and clashed with the decor .
Jenna was at the community pool with her family .	She thought she could go out to the deeper end by herself .
She thought she was confessing to the old parish priest .	Joan confessed she had fantasized about the young visiting priest .
He found one spot by a bunch of kids .	And during the movie , they made lots of noise .
Skip had to flip at seeing the double dip .	Chip then had to punch Skip on the lip .
But Peter was very cute and popular .	Anna feared her was far out of her league .
Gina had been being mean to the new boy in her class .	Then a bully began picking on Gina .
Jerry was making toast .	He set it to medium .
A restaurant charged me too much by mistake .	Afterward I made five more purchases .
After a week Frank had over 10000 views .	Frank knew this was as famous as he would ever be .
Her doctor had offered her a new kind of super-powered hearing aid .	She had it implanted and then waited eagerly for her first sound .
Bob walked into the ship elevator and heard a voice on the speaker .	He told his wife the voice sounded the same as his audio book .
John is sleepy .	He starts a pot of coffee .
The sun was high in the sky when the egg hunt started .	Soon , kids were opening eggs and bursting into tears .
Ann 's mom disapproved of Bob 's religion .	Bob wants to marry Ann someday but is worried he ca n't .
Jen 's in laws frustrated her to no end .	They all went out to have lunch .
He took it to a sharpener and began to grind it .	After a while the old bit was as good as new .
However , one of the teachers around the area helped me get up .	She took me to the school 's nurse .
For his 16th birthday his parents surprised him with flying lessons .	He loved every minute of it .
We had facials .	We soaked in warm water and stayed in the sauna .
Greg decided to join marching band .	He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions .
Lisa searched everywhere she had been that day .	She was elated when she found it on the bathroom floor !
Kim decided to drink coffee and eat oatmeal .	So she was glad that the weather was cold .
He slowed down just enough for people to hop on the bus .	A man jumped at the doorway but missed .
Gary called the local exterminator , who went to Gary 's house quickly .	After the exterminator killed all of the rats , Gary felt peace .
She rehearsed for weeks and weeks .	On opening night , she acted her little heart out .
He then took out a huge thing of vinegar , and started to pour it in !	The class had no clue what was going on and looked on in astonishment .
He even taught her how to change a tire on a car .	One day Samantha 's tire blew while she was driving .
One day , a pig wandered onto my parents farm .	I always wanted one for a pet , so I did my best to keep it a secret .
Jane went to see the deer , like the ones she once fed by hand .	She saw these deer were scrawny , mangy and had terrified eyes .
Mary was ready to sit back and relax .	She put on a movie and made some popcorn .
After about an hour she looked sad .	When her dad asked why she said because she thought she 'd see bunnies .
The 50 people who showed up applauded him .	Mark packed up his equipment and went home .
Billy 's car broke down on the highway .	He looked under the hood and realized his starter was broken .
Inside , she walked around looking for gifts .	Soon her cart was full .
One day Rex met a nice woman who liked him despite his shortcomings .	They became married and eventually had a son .
When she arrived at her new apartment she unpacked all her things .	Laura loved the new change of scenery at her new place .
Mia sat at home in her living room watching sports .	Her favorite soccer team was playing their rival .
She then sees a car heading right towards her .	She has no way of escape .
Nate could n't stop calling Diana .	When she arrived in school , she looked in all directions .
They had a very fun evening and Sandy realized she had missed them .	Sandy was soon back to normal , regularly going out and enjoying life .
Bogart lived on a farm .	He loved bacon .
They talked to the firefighters .	They saw the fire truck .
Gina 's crush sat behind her in class .	He was rude .
Olivia was a ballerina .	Her dream was to dance internationally .
Tim was a salesman .	He worked at an electronic store .
Today was April Fools Day and everyone played pranks on each other .	Jeff was sneaking towards Dan , who was sitting down .
Betty ended up buying some ice , some cream , and some mint .	Betty went home and made delicious ice cream herself .
Cade is short , and gets picked on at school .	His mother tells him he will soon grow very tall like his dad .
It was really bad weather outside	She went down a dark road that was covered in water
She wanted to make chicken pot pie for her family .	She bought all the ingredients at the store .
But his dog was hiding and did not come to him .	It knew it had done something bad !
Sarah was on a bus to her work .	She had to pee very badly .
He searched all over on craigslist .	Finally he found a red truck that he liked .
They are totes that are sold to mother 's typically .	They like them to help bring all their stuff with them .
Mike was making dinner .	He was making a pasta and started with the sauce .
When the women were talking about hot topics they disagreed .	The war topic made them polarized .
They had to play each other for the number 1 ranking spot .	The match needed to be played , it was pouring rain , and Elliott won .
Today I saw a woman with a baby .	She was helping the baby eat lunch .
They could n't contain their excitement .	The moment they got to the park they took pictures .
Each day she rode a bus to the lake to take lessons .	Joanie learned the final test was swimming from a boat to shore .
I turned around and went home instead .	It has n't rained since but I have n't wanted to risk it .
John went into the kitchen to make some soup .	He put a bowl of soup into the microwave .
The membership allows him to work out for a year .	Tyrese got very distracted during the year .
His owner opened the door for him .	Ryder played outside .
Every time he responds to calls he gets very worried .	His partner told him that the nerves go away in time .
Someone else had already paid for a full tank of gas for him .	Tony felt double blessed after getting gas on his way home .
Taylor started working for a man named Mark .	She wanted to make a good impression on him .
She bought boxes that were too large .	We had trouble lifting them on moving day , but we managed .
Her mom encouraged her to go .	She ended up going .
Trevor and his wife were at home on his day off .	They decided to spend their day watching a movie together .
The stylist did not charge her but that did not fix her hair .	She waited for months for her hair to grow back out .
Her grandmother gave her yarn to glue on for hair .	Lucy hugged Me goodnight , and went inside to have dinner .
He found a lamp he liked .	He bought the lamp .
The dunks were out of this world !	Aaron Gordon and Zach LaVine put on a great show for the fans !
After a little while , he started to take part in the class .	By the end of the day , he was glad he had gone !
Sadly , the dress was frumpy and saggy and the zipper broke at once .	Gloria was very disappointed and returned the dress for a refund .
So , I decided to upgrade my RAM .	Alas , my computer did n't allow RAM upgrades .
Roxy and Sam had everything they needed to make a huge sand castle .	They spent the morning talking about their design .
Bailey needed a haircut .	One day she went to a salon .
When I looked up there was a rainbow .	It stretched for miles across the town .
His bike splashed mud all over his pants .	Jake changed into shorts when he got back to his car .
Katie went to a girl 's camp across the lake from a boy 's camp .	When the girls went swimming , the boys across the lake watched .
She tried her best to win the contest .	Fiona got first place .
He was headed to the rainy forest for the first time .	He arrived and got off the plane .
Last week , George spoiled what happens accidentally .	John was furious .
George was at the hotel last night .	He needed ice for his drinks .
Pandy chased the rabbit for a long time , but finally had to stop .	She returned to the house , tired and ready for a long nap .
On the way there she had to go on a small plane .	She was very scared to do so .
Dakota filled out an application to his local college .	He waited for a letter of reply from the college .
When the monkey grew up , he sired a family of his own .	These monkeys were very smart and people loved to watch them .
Jason wants to see a good movie .	He reads the movie listings to see what is available .
For Mitch 's birthday , his friend gave him a history book .	Mitch thanked his friend but secretly hated the gift .
Joy was running a bath .	She squeezed the bottle of bubble bath .
The storm finally hit and Jim 's house was blown away .	Jim realized that boarding up did not help at all .
Her mom assured her she would come back .	A few hours later she reappeared with something in her mouth .
Then , she took the picture to the darkroom to develop it .	In the dark room , she saw that the picture did n't develop .
Tia found a newt by the creek .	It was missing a leg !
Gary invited his friend Tom over .	Tom told him that he would be busy that night .
He decided to make tuna salad .	Little did he know that the can of tuna was damaged .
When he found it , he gave them a call .	They sent someone by to tune the piano .
Rachel was walking through a hotel with her suitcase .	She was walking along an indoor pond area .
I found one on ebay .	The artist was Margery Soroka .
It was strange that on Wednesday , she came to the office hung over .	She apologized and stated that her ex boyfriend had come to town .
Instead he used an office chair with wheels and hoped for the best .	On the day of the race he had a massive lead over everyone else .
Zippy 's owner abandoned him one day .	Zippy was very lonely and hungry .
Jonas has felt depressed that it has been very cold lately .	He decides he needs to get out of his house .
The Smith family went to a buffet .	The children ate three plates of food each .
Gina hoped it would upset him .	To her dismay he seemed not to care at all .
I woke up the next day in the hospital !	Sally 's dad thought I was robbing his house .
Lucy wanted to go to the pool , but her grandma would n't let her .	She told her grandma she was going to the park instead .
Marcus had never liked reading much .	He always watched TV instead , to his parents ' disappointment .
She came home and the house was freezing .	Do n't always trust the weatherman .
John was very focused on the grill .	He had been entrusted to make sure the burgers were perfect .
And others watched him paint .	And people admired his landscape paintings .
The lion trainer opened the lion 's ' cage .	He brought one of the lions into the center ring .
I went to start my car last friday .	My car would n't turn over .
Every year , George would tell his children that he would visit them .	Every year , Claudette convinced George to take his vacation elsewhere .
Sandy felt that the poem looked familiar .	Upon research , Sandy discovered it was a poem she wrote .
He saw a competition from a soda company .	He entered , and was asked to design a Christmas sweater .
Schmidt had to take the bus to work .	It took a long time .
He showed him how to do it properly .	Mick followed the instructions , and looked proudly at his work .
A man came running out and slammed the door into my face .	Before I could collect myself , the clerk came running after .
We had dinner in Brooklyn tonight .	The included my wife , two kids , a grandchild and 3 in laws .
Bob bought it and brought it home .	When the power went out he light the candle and it lasted hours .
She and her friends built large trebuchets in their backyards .	They had some epic medieval style fights , using the books as ammo .
She has applied to many jobs in other fields over the past week .	She hopes to land some interviews soon .
Right now I 'm in the market for a new car .	I 've been scanning Craigslist for a good used offer .
The innkeeper did n't have any space in his inn when the man came .	He told the man he could have his bed as he looked tired .
Jared had a piano .	He wanted to learn a specific song .
They got ready and she picked them up .	They drove two hours to the city to the concert .
I crashed into a tree halfway down .	My son was yelling something at me .
I had to make an apple pie for Thanksgiving .	This my first time trying to bake a pie .
All of the jokes were very funny .	The bartender wrote down all the jokes that everyone said .
The teacher gave us an assignment .	Everyone finished the assignments , 20 minutes before the bell rung .
As Amy was going down stairs her foot slipped through the flip flop .	Amy tumbled down the stairs .
The man began singing and calmed down .	He learned a new relaxation technique .
Kyle showed up with a plaid shirt .	Andy held a vote to see if Kyle 's shirt qualified .
They even had an indoor waterpark .	We had a great day .
Mary and Cindy work together in the office .	They are also best friends outside of work .
When we returned we found the wrapper strewn all over the house .	We also found our pet pug looking very guilty , and sick .
She would go with either polka dots , or puppies .	She decided black and white polka dots would coordinate easier .
One day one of his customers was unhappy with the work Abel did .	Abel apologized and promised to do a better job next time .
I 've been training for the past week .	When the race started , I thought I was going to have a hard time .
My family went to the beach for vacation .	Since it was summertime , it was very hot .
Amy had finally accepted her crush Ray was n't interested in her .	In class she sat next to her and began to speak to her .
Johns mom stopped over shortly after Christmas .	She noticed the empty basket and smiled .
Then they fill a cooler with food .	Everyone gets in the car .
The chef told all the waiters about what the specials were .	Many customers loved the salmon salad but not the pasta dish .
As she was handing him a pencil she touched his hand .	Michael almost fainted as a result .
She asked her dad to take her to guitar class .	Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class .
He dug out some dusty cans with expired dates .	Sam put his cans in the food barrel before anyone could check them .
Sure enough , he was stopped by the police .	They police arrested Bob and sent him to jail .
She was surprised to find a photo of her grandma on a basketball team .	A basketball player herself , Penelope now felt a special connection !
Mark was convinced there was a ghost in his house .	His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real .
Billy was enamored by the magic tricks that the magician performed .	Billy was shocked when on his birthday his dad gave him a magic set .
She watched the kids while their mom worked .	Sherry would n't let them watch anything on TV .
Stassi hated her life in Los Angeles .	She wanted to get away from her old life .
I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients .	I made a beautiful pecan pie .
Layla almost saw her father .	He was a police officer and worked very late hours .
Her family did n't have money for lessons .	She asked a teacher if she could babysit in exchange for lessons .
She hired a world famous chef to lead her kitchen .	Her restaurant eventually became very successful .
When he pulled over , he found that he had a flat tire .	John had to call AAA to get his tire fixed .
There was food and magazines everywhere .	He never had time to clean up .
John was on the trail running .	Suddenly he heard footsteps behind him .
Tonight we had pizza for dinner .	It was a Sicilian style pie .
She decided to make dinner herself , for the first time .	She very carefully boiled water , and cooked spaghetti noodles .
The tow truck took the car to a garage where it was repaired .	Paul then realized attempting repairs yourself can be expensive .
Timmy 's mom was making a cake .	It smelled really good while it was baking !
They needed to gather data .	It was particularly bad .
They packed cold chicken and potato salad along with drinks .	They sat on a blanket along with the food .
One day his friend Caden was having a hard time with math .	Jadon worked and worked with him until he got it right .
He is the captain of his team so it was vital that he won .	After his opponent fell , Trevor shot the ball right into the net .
Finally , he got the hang of it .	It 's amazing how much he improved in one day .
Jake was walking home from his college class .	He passed a homeless man who asked him for spare change .
I jumped off the cliff .	I flew above that ocean .
He could give it to his mom .	He could give it to his sister .
I was walking by the river .	I saw a turtle with an injured leg .
The dog could not swim .	Jeff had to dive into the cold water to rescue his dog .
May was feeling very depressed and unloved .	She contemplated ending her own life .
Sally was often busy with work , and began to feel lonely .	She wanted some new friends , but was n't sure where to look .
Soon the club 's president texted her .	He said Ro was welcome to join their club !
I followed the driveway to the street .	From there I followed the street to the mailbox .
Some days I worried whether I was going to lose my job .	Sometimes I could n't help it , I just could n't go in .
Sam lived in a low income area	He was walking home from work .
One day he took a call from a telemarketer saying they could help him .	Charles ' monthly payments were reduced to fifty dollars .
Ivy won five dollars on a scratch lottery ticket .	She decided to use the money for more tickets .
Jon asked for ten boxes of mint cookies .	He ate two boxes of cookies that night .
Sherry adored her husband Henry , and they 'd been married for Years .	He surprised her one day as they made love by singing to her .
Ed lost control at the peak of the cliff .	He rolled his truck a hundred feet down a ravine .
He got an ulcer due to his anxiety .	Mike has to have surgery for his ulcer .
His wisdom settled disputes and caused peace all around him .	People often asked how to also become wise .
When she was finished she realized she no longer liked the furniture .	It seemed unattractive , seeing it in pieces made it feel cheap .
The neighbor allowed him to park in his driveway .	Will appreciated the parking space and thanked the neighbor .
Allie started to understand more and more .	Soon she was getting high grades in her class !
Despite this , she still grilled hamburgers .	However , she noticed no one was eating their food .
She got her beads and string out and went to work .	Sally made a pretty pink necklace out of beads for her Mom 's birthday .
Drea was furious .	Gina let her yell for 20 minutes about the betrayal .
It 's so time consuming tossing the salads .	I bought a salad spinner and now they take very little time to make .
She felt left out as the popular girls exchanged autographs .	To her surprise , a girl in class asked to sign Andrea 's yearbook .
Eventually , people listened to him and he gathered a following .	Josh became a world leader of peace .
We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013 .	In 1997 my daughter had red eye .
This included his mortgage , as he owned a condo .	He got out eventually , and thanked me for my efforts .
His classmates would n't let him be on their team .	His brothers said he was too small and scrawny to play with them .
He lived with his mom until she died .	He dropped out of college when he was young .
Bob was training for the marathon .	He ran 10 miles everyday .
Suzy went for a walk .	As she was walking she ran into her neighbor Tom .
Gina sat in the plastic chair .	Her legs were sticking to the material .
He sat in the window of his room and watched all the kids in costume .	When the doorbell rang Doug was expecting trick or treaters .
One year , a major hurricane was announced on the news .	Sue and her family had to evacuate their house .
But the city said she could n't park on her side of the street .	Kim was forced to park across the street .
Mariah went to Italy .	She went to a popular restaurant there .
George 's father had no idea where they were going .	When they reached the stadium , George 's father was so excited !
On his 16th birthday Jane convinced him to allow her to measure him	She was surprised to find he was already 6 feet tall .
Cooley was a good dog , but he liked to run away .	One day Asa decided to take Cooley on a hike .
He was rather nervous .	Thankfully his team felt the same .
James was on his way to the podium when the rain started .	The weather caused everyone in the crowd to seek shelter .
I left my son and girlfriend late in the fall of 1978 .	After I made it to the other side of the country , I went to the beach .
One time , after a Phillies game the players were signing autographs .	I managed to sneak down and get a picture with Chase Utley .
She had a student that was failing .	She offered to give extra credit .
Finally he booked his flight for Rome .	In Rome Arun saw many beautiful sights .
She saw some post-it notes and felt inspired .	During his classes she covered his truck in the little notes .
I had to calculate an average value .	The value was n't what I expected .
He went to school for eight Years to become one .	He heard there were job openings available for police officers .
When I tried to eat it , it tasted too salty .	The waiter had to throw it away for me .
This one seemed to be funny , as well as slightly drunk .	The clown elbowed Maurice as he went by .
The exec wanted him to sign a contract .	The exec also wanted him to change his whole sound .
Lindsay was very interested in guitar lessons .	She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes .
She crams for the test all night .	Unfortunately , she falls asleep in the morning and misses the test .
Todd has a bunch of legos to play with .	He has all the sets from his childhood .
Ching Ming is a Chinese ceremony honoring the dead .	The store was out of paper money .
Some were cute with characters she liked .	Others were clearly better-made .
Suddenly , all of the lights turned on and confetti flew everywhere .	My coworkers through a surprise party for my birthday .
My Nana lived in a huge old house .	When I was little I used to sleep in the front room .
Horace decides that he needs to begin eating more healthy food .	He decides to make a shake for breakfast .
Billy looked up and his father was gone !	Billy found an employee who called his father for him .
Anita 's son loved helicopters .	She promised herself one day she would get him on a helicopter .
The boys went in to pet the animals and had a lot of fun .	One goat bonded well with her oldest son and fell asleep in his lap .
A movie that Jared has been wanting to see came out today .	He asked all his friends if they wanted to go see it .
She hoped it would hurry up and snow !	Finally one Sunday morning she awoke to a snowy day .
As she made her way through the produce section , she spotted a dog .	Phoebe was confused by the loose dog in the store .
His married friends joked that the only thing missing was a wife .	When he was away , they snuck into his house with a Barbie doll .
Amy was happy her first class in junior high was all new kids .	She introduced herself to the girl seated next to her .
He tried replacing the bulb .	It did n't do anything .
She ended up spilling too much .	My food became salty and I had to throw it away .
I spent an hour looking for the assignment .	When she told me , I was irritated .
We circled the lot trying to find a space .	We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it .
The low down scoundrels who did it demanded a ransom .	Father refused to pay it , out of principle .
Every day , he 'd take it out and turn it over in his mouth unlit .	A symbol of his strength and persistence , he always put it back after .
He rolled his ankle and screamed .	Mark had broken his ankle .
My son 's school friend moved from Boston to Austin .	He went down there with no plan .
Jim stood up and asked why they were there .	Mark just shrugged and told him to put his towel back on .
Beth had to choose between universities .	One was close to home the other across the country .
She used a bright pink color .	Yet when Kelly was painting them , she spilled .
Gina 's family was going on a road trip .	Her siblings were in the car asleep .
Joe wanted to make his grandma very happy .	He surprised her and remodeled her entire kitchen .
One day i overslept and was late for work .	I was so upset that i did n't hear my alarm clock and that i was late .
My cousin decided to pick me up , and take me to an event .	This event was at a swap shop store .
Rodney ended up working extra hard that day so he did n't have to stay .	In the end Rodney got to go on a wonderful date with his girlfriend .
I once had a parrot .	I had a habit of swearing in the absence of my parents .
One Spring Julie forgot to help her grandmother with the garden .	The roses were in full bloom when she remembered to come .
The waitress came to our table with the bill .	Tina offered to pay for the meal .
Danny 's mom always packed him a lunch in a brown bag .	He ate alone to avoid opening the paper sack in front of anyone .
The teacher assigned us to a partner for an assignment .	I introduced myself to my partner and asked her for her name .
Two years later , he graduated as a chef .	Joe knew it was the right path since he earned honors .
Jess loved looking at image of cats .	She was on her favorite website , searching for the latest cats .
After being on the plane for 5 hours she realized something .	She got on the wrong plane .
He named the puppy Zippy because he could run fast .	One day on their walk without a leash , Sippy ran away .
Amy had heart palpitations after a lot of caffeine .	Her mother suggested she eat and drink lots of water .
He knew the body is the most immediate sector of his universe .	So he began living a very healthy and relaxed lifestyle
Shaking my head , I look at Will Smith killing aliens in amazement .	The best actor is stuck acting like his son is n't an embarrassment .
The son met him and they went through a lesson .	When he was done , they paid him and he went home .
Jim said that he could fit a box of cookies in his mouth at a party .	The people at the party did not believe him .
They never thought a tornado would actually hit .	The roof started coming off the school .
Claire was taking the train back to her apartment .	She was exhausted from practicing her violin so long .
A magazine teased Mark on facebook for performing one song on tour .	On facebook Mark posted a photo of his $ 2,000 check for the one song .
Her parents did not own a scale .	Emma struggled to diet even without the scale 's feedback .
I love the game of baseball .	I go to see games any time I get the chance .
One day I was out mowing my lawn .	I spotted some kids playing across the street .
Yesterday , I needed to buy a belt so I went to the mall .	After choosing which store to shop from , I quickly got out of my car .
Ida took the ice cream out of her freezer .	She was looking forward to a bowl of it .
She told him she was bored in their marriage and wanted a divorce .	Ray was devastated and decided to stay with his parents .
In the next lane , a man was revving his engine .	He was challenging me to a race .
Another girl showed her what to do but she did not speak english well .	Theresa said all the files needed to be in alphabetical order .
But he suddenly grew so tired he could n't keep his eyes open .	Dan hoped there 'd be more tasks at some later point .
Max brought him his dinner and his grandpa was n't responding .	He waited to see Max before passing away and Max knew that .
I decided to go buy some new ones .	I went to the pet store but everything looked nasty .
The window shattered in a great crash .	Pip jumped up from his desk with a shout .
As she planted a row of seeds , she marked it with the seed packet .	When she was done , Sue admired the neat rows of different seeds .
Mom pushed me so high I almost touched the sky .	I jumped off and flew ten feet in the air !
In spite of her efforts , one day she experienced a toothache .	The pain did n't abate , and Sadie knew she probably had a cavity .
Bobby said Caramel and Beth suggested Sugar .	They wrote down names to pick randomly since they could n't agree .
Matt brought Jamie to see the sunset on the beach .	The beach was Matt 's favorite place .
She bought them and hid them at home .	When her mom found them she yelled at Amy .
He was obviously senile and confused .	The manager refused to sell him a gun .
Michael 's day arrived and his brother was at his front door .	Having his brother in town was his favorite gift .
This made Lynette stress out a lot .	Lynette still babysits to help the family .
Mike hired a consultant .	After making adjustments , the hotel is doing better financially .
He wanted his son to play football , instead .	Jeremy did n't tell his dad he was given a solo for the choir concert .
We gave him money for an Xbox .	He was going to combine the cash with a Best Buy gift card he had .
The gift was something that she requested for weeks .	However , she had a mean grin since she changed her mind about it .
The dorm room doors are often open .	She went out for class one day .
I pulled myself together , doing great the rest of the test .	Fortunately she did n't fail me just because I hit the curb !
It was their favorite play spot , and they went there every day .	But on that day the creek was overflowing , and I fell in .
Each was brandishing a gun .	The tallest bandit demanded everyone to the floor .
Jennifer wanted to take her three kids on a vacation to Disneyland .	A single mom , she worked three jobs to save enough money .
Willard seeks health through foods .	He knows they 're good for him if they have the right label .
It was at a local ranch .	He was nervous but things went well .
He told Mary that he does n't know how to change a tire himself .	Mary changed the tire and fought him how for next time .
Her mom forgave her , but made it clear she had to do it next week .	But that day , Sophie 's friends called and invited her to a movie .
One of the toys broke the television .	His mother made him sit in time out .
He was fifteen and ready to work .	He applied at several stores near his home .
After film school , Quentin decided to make it his career .	He made films about his adult friends talking and cussing .
He began to tell a funny story about his past .	No one in the audience laughed at this story .
One day Steve upset Lily .	Lily decided to end things with Steve .
I jumped out of bed and crept to my kitchen .	I peeked around the corner , ready to strike if need be .
Unfortunately it was n't open during lunch .	They had to walk around for an hour before eating .
Marta had her first day of school starting today .	Her mother packed her lunch box and got her clothes ready .
He went to the Doctor about his energy level .	Jason had a sleep study performed and discovered he had sleep apnea .
Kaitlyn was seeing her favorite author one day .	She had drawn him some fan art and wanted to show him .
He was very excited , which made it hard to focus on school work .	The day finally arrived for the bowling party .
He met a lovely woman and got married .	Abe thought getting over the fear of rejection was great .
He made sure his last dish was his greatest .	When the judges came to judge they chose Ronnie .
Jake slipped one day and broke his arm .	He had to wear a cast for 6 weeks .
There was just enough room to go around and continue on , so we did .	Then we came upon another truck laying sideways in the road .
When she woke up the next day , she knew it would be a hard one .	She was so tired and she struggled to focus .
They carefully construct their travel budget .	Eventually , they decide to conserve money and drive to a nearby city .
I was hungry and there was n't much food in the house .	I decided to ride my bike to the grocery store .
Unfortunately though , we could n't have samples .	Therefore we were disappointed .
Eva decided to do her friends ' nails to make money for her prom dress .	She advertised her services at school .
Mike was sure he could win , so he cockily accepted the challenge .	Mike was thoroughly beaten , and he learned to be more humble .
She was devastated .	She had to find a new store .
Christian wanted to learn to bake .	His mother gave him her cookbook .
He thought he was going to fail a class for the first time .	He made his first friend in the city who helped and he passed !
She thought about tripping her but teacher were nearby .	She followed Ali wherever she went .
She wanted company because she was lonely .	She decided to buy a dog .
Kim wanted a license .	He signed up for driving school .
But her aunt had died and her mother insisted she attend .	Bethy was afraid she would feel horrible and cry in front of people .
Julia 's parents had just put out the Christmas decorations .	Her favorite was the advent calendar .
Carol had easily passed her test !	She was excited to finally be a bus driver !
At first he wobbled unsteadily .	But soon he was riding quickly and steadily !
I saw a fire as soon as i pulled up .	It was coming out of the gas station .
Gina came outside to see her niece sitting in the car .	She was playing with the steering wheel .
I had to put her down .	Now my dog is dead .
She bought a ticket from New York to Tokyo .	Jennifer also made hotel reservations .
He used to cover the front of his house with lights .	One year , he put up more lights than ever .
After graduating , she put in many applications .	Dylan landed a job at her favorite news station .
Her husband was in a car accident .	She found out after she started dinner .
I showed up and we went inside and had a beer .	We watched tv and ate some pizza .
Last week , Rick 's team played in the championship game .	At the start of the third period , the game was tied .
Billy 's mother set his alarm clock , so he could get up on his own .	Billy turned off the alarm as soon as she left .
Cal tried some hairspray and even some gel .	It was all no use at all .
Gerald ordered the waffles and chicken wings , his favorite food .	On the way there , the server dropped the food and it fell over Gerald .
When they arrived , she tried them on anxiously .	Luckily , they fit perfectly .
I 've always wanted to be able to dunk a basketball .	I can touch the rim but I ca n't quite get the ball over the rim .
Natty had long dreads he wore since he was a young boy .	One day at school , a bully cut them off with scissors .
Milo was a fat boy with a bad temper .	Milo 's mother did not know how to discipline him properly at all .
Derek was a great basketball player .	His team had a big game coming up and he was nervous .
Tom was in the market for shoes .	He wanted a nice pair of boots to wear to nice restaurants .
One day , Dusty stole a box of cookies from the kitchen .	He took the cookies and ate them in his sister 's bedroom .
Johann wakes up feeling sleepy .	He decides to make a cup of coffee .
He was able to buy a big bird costume though .	He started to wear it in Times Square in NYC .
They all started running down .	Jake lost balance and fell .
Peg thought very hard , then offered her knot-tying services .	Now she ties the rigging and sails on ocean voyages !
We froze the bananas .	My wife found a recipe for banana bread on the internet .
I have been struggling with my bench press lately though .	I ca n't seem to be able to put up more than two hundred pounds .
She asked me if I was hungry .	I went to the kitchen to make a sandwich .
She made a thick milkshake .	She drank it to relieve her thirst AND her craving for sweets !
It also has other functions .	When I cleared my cookies it wiped out its database .
My dog has been trying to `` help . ''	He got a thorn in his paw .
They had been my friends for many years .	I am sad to lose them .
The wave moved the glass to somewhere where Sam could n't find .	He ran to where he thought it was and dug in the sand to no avail .
He saved a few hundred dollars .	Then he went to the dealership .
Laura lost her son in a car accident .	Two Year 's after the accident it was still fresh in her mind .
He checked the brands , to see to whom the new sheep belonged .	They had no brands , though .
He slipped and fell on the icy patch , causing him to get hurt .	John no longer runs across the parking lot on icy days .
Bill decided to attend the Thanksgiving parade for the first time .	Bill loved to see the various entries in the parade .
The reason why is he read a book about republican politics .	They tore down the World Trade Center before .
I bought a new garage door opener .	It took 5 hours to put it together and install it .
His father pushed him back .	A full blown fight erupted .
It was a human skull .	He tossed the skull far away and kept digging .
When they got to the library , Jenny ran inside to search the shelves .	To her dismay , the book had been checked out !
Tim has never cooked for his family .	He was nervous , but decided to follow an old family recipe .
Her mom wanted her to feel confident .	She signed her up for some lessons .
Sarah saw a beautiful butterfly outside .	So she decided to catch it .
After three days at sea , Travis had a huge catch .	Travis returned to the village as a hero .
She trained for nine months .	She woke up at five every morning to run six miles .
Turning his computer on he realized there was a lot of work up !	It did n't take him long to get into the swing of things .
I needed some new boots for the winter .	I decided on some camel colored boots .
Scarlet was a pirate ship 's parrot .	She loved her job .
I was analyzing some data for my statistics project .	For some reason , the correlation coefficients were wrong .
She has already become a much better and more diverse cooker .	She was so happy that she signed up for three more classes !
I was arrested and sentenced to prison for arson .	I learned that I should n't play with matches .
Leslie promised to take care of it .	Leslie started working on getting the pit filled .
He was a harry black man and did n't think he was handsome .	His two friends said he really needed a girlfriend .
She was a very hard worker .	One day she got a call from a grumpy old man .
A large whale surfaced near the ship .	Charles was in awe of the majesty as he snapped photo after photo .
She decided to open up an ice cream shop .	She gives her customers many options .
Fred and his team were gearing up for the soccer game .	Fred was very nervous .
I got in my nice soft bed then remembered I 'd forgotten something	So I got out of bed to walk to the bathroom .
Roger wanted to play tennis as well as Roger Federer .	Roger was blind though .
Upon arrival , she was hit with a rather sudden realization .	She owed property taxes , and had to pay up front !
He sent the book to a book publisher .	The publisher read his book and liked it .
Audrey was afraid to try new foods .	Her parents would take her to different restaurants often .
On his seventh birthday his parents bought him a set of toy cars .	He loved them .
He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band .	A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments .
Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014 .	We walked across the street to the playground .
Two people were killed in the big city today !	All they were doing was getting gas .
In the lowest part of the lake he found a chest with a lock .	He brought it back to the surface to open .
Hearing her stomach growl , Gail decided to wait ten more minutes .	Nine minutes later , the waitress served Gail her dinner order .
Riley loved grape flavored candy .	Justin decided to impress Riley with lots of grape candy .
I asked the hairdresser to cut my hair any way she liked .	She was wary of my request but she obliged .
But , he did n't have enough money .	He decided to sell his baseball cards .
She twisted her ankle .	She had to ice it and keep her foot up for a few days .
One day she summons the courage to go to the shoe store .	She takes off her shoes to try on a pair and the smell is awful .
Theresa loved cold weather .	She lived in Texas where the weather was not cold .
Then she selected her stone .	Jade was so thrilled to get her one-of-a-kind wedding ring !
Jill and Mike used to pretend they were walking along the beach .	Jill and Mike played a lot of pretend games on the rain .
She lived alone , and her only companion was a dog .	Gina worried she would die in that house alone , and no one would know .
Amy was on a late night drive .	She passed a sign that said Welcome to Ebenezer .
She had been married for 10 years and thought the stones were real .	Her husband confessed he had bought her fake diamonds !
After taking the exams , I decided to get together with a few friends .	We decided to hang out around campus before going home .
When he opened the refrigerator he saw his sandwich was gone .	He started looking for the sandwich thief .
She was so good her friends started hiring her to find them deals .	She was trying to find an outfit for Daisy to wear to a date .
He expected that everyone had the kind of energy that he has .	George danced with all his might , and frightened the other dancers .
Jim Malone was a science teacher with a passion for music .	Jim taught at a school for gifted , but less fortunate kids .
He tried to shuffle the cards but he dropped the deck .	Cards went all over the table .
It was about a power struggle .	The power struggle between 7 kingdoms .
He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling .	He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him .
They were in a new area that was prone to tornadoes .	They were n't familiar with them .
I recently went to an aquarium .	I realized how beautiful fish are when they 're still alive .
He specifically said get the cheap kind and give him change .	When they friend came back they had tons of expensive beer .
They bought a fauna pamphlet and trail guide .	They saw bears , deer and two coyotes .
Suddenly , we saw a snake on our front porch .	The dog was going nuts !
I dug it out of the trash when I met a pretty girl .	She said she liked the rough look I had .
Robert ignored their warning and approached the ant hill with malice .	Robert started smashing the hill , causing the ants to land on Robert .
Kya stole a wallet from a girl in her class .	At first she was proud of her acquisition .
Her mother showed her a slideshow of the great town she lived in .	Jill liked the slideshow .
She was excited to try it .	She took off the training wheels and hopped on .
Mia had no allergic reaction at all !	She realized she must have outgrown her allergy .
Jason remembered he put a bottle of water in the fridge .	He went to the kitchen .
I sat down and worked hard on the test .	After finishing the test , I was given a good score .
When they went inside , Billy 's mom had hot cocoa for them .	It felt really good warming up their hands .
Mary had always gotten good grades in school , but failed a test .	She was sad when she saw she had been given a F .
His wife was upset over it .	When he got home she was asleep .
There was only one problem .	He was afraid of the big slide .
It was called Tet , and Neil loved it .	He especially enjoyed the food and gifts !
Jill had a messy room .	She did not have time to clean it .
One day Megan found a toad hopping around the bushes .	She thought it was cute , so she decided to pick it up .
Jacob was a skateboarder .	He wanted to impress his friends , who were also skaters .
Jon and his friend fought hard .	Eventually , Jon lost the game .
I decided to go to the fruit market .	I saw a kiwi .
She withdrew my application because I did n't have experience .	I told her that 's why I applied for an entry level job .
I bent the string for a vibrato effect .	Suddenly , I felt a pop and a slap in the face .
My mom saw several dishes in the sink .	She asked my siblings and I if any of us caused the pile .
I have been a vegan for several years .	I am passionate about veganism .
But he 'd never been to a concert and he was nervous !	He considered declining the invitation .
He did n't have enough money to buy it .	He decided to try making money online .
His father instructed him to go to a website with various tutorials .	Tim was able to grasp the concepts and receive a passing grade .
The path wound into the woods all around the park .	While riding a family of iguanas darted onto the path .
One day he decided to learn the guitar .	Now Bernie plays blues songs and wallows in his self-pity daily .
She saw a sign advertising a turtle race at the carnival .	Jane caught turtles to sell before the race .
His girlfriend wanted to make them for him .	She learned a recipe .
I decided to ask my boss for some time off .	She told me no .
The first day of ninth grade Tina had to introduce herself in class .	Tina introduced herself and said the teacher already knew her .
When he got home he took out a can of oil .	Ken oiled the door hinge so it did n't make any noise .
My dog was not acting like herself .	I took her to the vet .
Chris decided to go with the iPhone .	His credit card was declined unfortunately .
She learned about how to care and feed ducks .	Her parents bought her six baby ducks .
He packed his clothes and some water and left .	After a few hours , he realized he needed his parents .
But when he got Alzheimer 's , neither could help him .	The twins had a small home and agreed a nursing home would be best .
Nothing was coming to him today .	But , finally , he had a flash of inspiration .
He wanted to see if the Easter Bunny had come .	To his delight he saw his Easter basket full of presents and candy .
I voted for myself as a write-in candidate .	I was the only person who voted for the position .
It did not arrive that day .	I contacted Amazon and accepted a $ 5 credit .
He could n't figure out what was the problem .	Jim went to the dentist , who looked at his teeth .
She saw a very rare bird high up in a tree .	To get a better look she climbed the tree next to it .
He speaks with his closest friends who recruits him to the army .	Phil spends time in the army and the time has come to go to war .
Adriana walked in on her husband with another woman .	After his apology she forgave him and stayed in the marriage .
Tom began having children with his wife .	As his kids grew they complained about his work schedule .
He caught them kissing on the couch ,	Leslie 's boyfriend punched the other boy in the nose .
His phone would always run out of battery before his shift ended .	He would be bored at the end of his shift .
With Seamus ' help , the politician won the election .	The politician did not keep his promises , discouraging Seamus .
Libby eagerly opened the box .	Libby tried on her new shoes .
My sister had colitis .	She could only eat certain grains .
Hannah was fascinated from the hair curler advertisement on television	Her mom purchased the same exact curler that was advertised .
Red wiped down the mirror to see better .	Once the mirror was clean he shaved his face .
But nobody wanted the gross applesauce .	One day , Sarah accepted it .
Jeff insulted Carrie in school .	He said that her shoes are extremely cheap .
Her gift for music took her all the way to New York City .	She earned a scholarship to a prestigious performing arts school .
She decided to go to the show anyway .	Rhonda thought the comedians were hilarious .
It broke in half .	Luckily Joe had an insurance plan on the phone .
He put on his rubber boots and rain jacket .	He got his umbrella from the closet .
He wanted to do it the whole day .	He walked backwards through school .
Cayla finally saw a doctor and explained her problems .	The doctor said Cayla was depressed .
He showed off his brand new shoes to everyone .	Mike told everyone his shoes would help him play better .
Last week he got $ 600 from a sunglasses company to call for more sun .	He panic during his next broadcast and predicted an earthquake .
She wanted to try to breastfeed her baby .	Kiki found it to be more difficult than she thought it would be .
Dave loved to sail .	One day he decided to sail his boat far away .
She followed the cute guy to his science class .	Susan sat behind him and stared at the cute guy .
Dan threw mashed potatoes at his friend Alex in the cafeteria .	Alex thew food back .
She decides she would like to eat .	She checks the cabinets but she does not have any food .
I began to cry because my friend was laughing at me .	A nice lady came and took the stinger out of my butt .
My friend and I wanted to see a new movie in the theatres .	We went to the theatre and bought our tickets then walked inside .
One day she decided to paint animals on large , smooth rocks .	Her creation turned out so well she painted more .
The pencil was brand new .	And the boy threatened to sharpen it to annoy Gina .
He decided to take care of his health .	He enrolled in yoga class .
His friend Bill also loved the show .	He called Bill but Bill did n't have it on DVD either .
I wanted to make cheese .	I began to boil milk .
Unfortunately , I noticed that the entire pizza is tough and stale .	Luckily , I received a refund on the purchase .
He did n't like the gray , but felt that he dying his hair was dishonest	One day he decided to trying dying his hair .
Eventually he was able to save up for a new book .	He broke the piggy bank to get the change .
Everyday it tried to steal seeds from a bird feeder out there .	However there was a device to prevent the squirrels from getting any .
Our business was doing great !	Soon , we became the best lawn care business in town .
On election day Linda votes for the candidate she likes best .	She is very happy that she voted this year .
In the beginning , Charles did n't think Lisa was crazy .	But he was wrong .
But eventually , her grades got worse .	Terri decided to work hard and got the best math grades in her school .
I really fantasized that I 'd find a leprechaun in there .	I put candy , drawings , and things inside to attract the leprechaun .
She felt poor and worthless .	She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .
The fire department got things under control in a few hours .	Thankfully the only thing that burned was grass .
A little girl wanted to eat cookies .	It was late at night and her parents were asleep .
Jason decides to buy an Apple Macbook .	Jason goes to the Apple store and purchases his new laptop .
He and his mother were very happy to see each other .	Francisco promised he would never wait so long to see her again .
Fernando takes a day off work to paint his bedroom .	He is very happy how his bedroom looks with gray walls .
Sam climbed over the fence to get the ball .	Joe was more careful with the ball after that .
Sam was reading the book out loud in class .	After she finished read one page , she tried to flip the page .
Eli was a fan of the Walking Dead and all his friends knew it .	One day they decided to prank him by dressing up as zombies .
They did n't have the money to get a two bedroom place .	Dina purchased a crib and made room for the baby in their room .
Juan tried them on and they fit perfectly .	He was ready to start getting into shape !
Mary and Lou decided to buy a parakeet .	On the way to the pet store they saw an injured bird .
The cat quickly hunted down the bug .	It ate the bug and Jordan was able to relax again .
He needed to be ready for it .	He went out to buy a new suit .
Rhea had never met the man .	She was apprehensive about their first meeting .
Jim was watching tv and eating chocolate pudding .	He laughed at a scene in a movie and accidentally spilled pudding .
Tim usually took the stairs up to his office .	One day he decided to try the elevator .
After her rough day she just wanted to go home .	Grandpa decided to get Lucy a treat .
His parents discussed it and decided to buy him the game .	Tommy is going to be so excited when he opens it on Christmas morning !
Karl the supermarket bag boy was faced with a dilemma .	To fit all the food in one bag or to waste a bag and use two ?
The teacher told Tom that his mother had to sign the graded test .	Tom did n't want his mother to find out his poor grade .
Everything was covered in fresh white snow .	Bella bundled up and ran outside to play in the snow .
Samantha wanted to buy a gift for her boyfriend , Doug .	She had a lot of money , but was n't sure what to buy .
Bongo Joe grabbed his Bongos and walked down the street .	He would play a tune for the people who walked passed him .
Unfortunately , his family was too poor to afford piano lessons .	To pay for the lessons , Mitch got a job delivering the newspaper .
However he only liked when his mother made them .	He spit out all other cookies .
I teared up listening to her explanation .	It was a proud mommy moment .
Julia carefully followed the instructions from her cookbook .	However she was very indecisive about the toppings .
Burt was in charge of fireworks for the town fair .	He was nervous because it was his first time .
She sat on his lap .	She did not cry but she was very skeptical about him .
Clark needed to buy some headphones .	His had broken the night before .
My brother had no words for the Opossum 's bravery .	He left the Opossum alone and it eventually left on its own accord .
People then decided to start making fun of Vlad .	Vlad did n't like it very much .
I went with my friend Jane to the park yesterday .	While we were at the park we played in a giant sandbox .
A couple decided to make their own pottery .	They purchased a potter 's wheel and decided to learn how to use it .
One morning he forced himself to wake at dawn , despite feeling sleepy .	His first chore was to milk an old cow .
She almost gave up , but then she grinned instead .	Snatching her titles , she played Zephyr for 69 points !
When I got there , I went straight to the wave pool .	It ended up being way too deep , with waves I could n't handle !
At my place , there are a lot of seating options .	Sometimes it can be hard to choose where to sit .
I realized that I was short on the payment where she asked me .	Since I did n't have the money , the restaurant gave me a fine .
On the first day , they got lost and Rich sprained his ankle .	They were worried they would have to call for help .
I was showering .	I noticed my shower head was slightly broken .
She tried to sit quietly and read .	But the librarian saw her , and sent her on her way .
A month later , she saw flowers blooming .	She picked them up and made a bouquet .
Jane was relieved she had n't gotten stung .	She decided to keep the windows closed for the rest of her trip .
The trip was a disaster , as the bus broke down .	She got in late , but was able to see the performance .
On the way , a cat ran in front of his car .	Jeff slammed on the breaks .
While teaching a lesson she stumbled on her words .	Her students asked if she was drunk .
By the time he realized , it was too late .	Alan had to walk back four blocks .
She asked me if I preferred an omelette or a sandwich .	I thought about that for a few moments and decided on a sandwich .
Mike was trying out for the basketball team and got cut .	The coach gave him a specific list of things to work on to improve .
But her best friend was n't mentioning any plans .	On her birthday , she still had n't heard anything about a celebration .
Jane decided to do a cleanse .	She visited Whole Foods and bought a cleanse in a box .
When report cards came out , she had earned all a 's and b 's !	Maddie 's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward .
She seemed louder and more abrasive .	Luckily , when Melissa pointed this out , her friend apologized .
Sylvia was invited to go to church with her friend .	They were sitting in the primary class .
For the past weeks , his cat had been growing bloated .	He feared she was ill and might soon die .
I opened the vent .	I forgot to move my face away from the fireplace .
He got his plane , and loaded the reindeer into it .	Then he took off into the skies with his reindeer .
Her family decided to get a puppy .	He was so much work .
When she took a bite she noticed that her tooth was in it .	She was both happy and scared at the same time .
Then I start dusting .	After dusting , most of the people have left the building .
She asked her dad next .	She was sad when they gave her a doll instead .
His mom told him about a market research study that paid cash .	Matthew was asked to taste and evaluate toaster pastries .
The day of the robbery I got sick and away from the currency exchange .	I changed my mind because I could not rob anything or anyone .
Jill got a lot of homework from school for the holiday weekend .	She did all her homework in one day .
He checked all the user forums for information .	He kept checking the site every two or three minutes .
Rashid is terrified of heights .	He currently lives on the 13th floor .
She celebrates a holiday called Hanukkah .	We decided to help her celebrate .
He almost gave up .	Finally , he found some fresh grapes to eat .
The book was the Autobiography of Malcolm X .	Brett read the book and it changed his life forever .
The Renose family loved to go on vacation every year .	One year they bought a vacation house on the beach .
Jane has been looking for her ever since .	The authorities have refused to help her .
Ted had tickets and attended with a bunch of his friends .	At the end of the first half , Ted 's team was losing by 10 points .
Henry did a celebrating dance when he ended up winning .	Gerald ended up throwing his controller at him .
Her mom told her that school was cancelled for today .	Lisa was so excited that she could spend the day at home .
A tow truck was called to a lake .	The tow truck drive , Jim , got there and looked for the car .
Measured everything and cut it exactly .	Finally his work was done for the day .
They challenged each other to a type off .	Phyllis 's Shift key got stuck , and she lost by a landslide .
He thought he would never be able to play it .	He practiced hard .
Amy had a new job at Bath and Body Works .	She was excited so she arrived early .
My husband had never accompanied me before .	This time he decided he wanted to go with me .
She quickly learned that they were pseudoscience and could not help .	Still she thought that her birthstone was a lovely color .
Clint loved his biology class .	He never missed it .
Without much hesitation , she pulled out her credit card .	Jane left the store with the new mobile phone .
He hated the taste .	He could n't leave the table until he was done .
Rob paid the passport agency a lot of money to have it delivered fast .	However , the passport agency shipped Rob 's passport way too late .
And it was n't loud like his neighbor 's dogs .	Ryan learned to like cats .
Halfway through they swapped .	It was a perfect solution to not being able to make up their minds .
Around 5 am , he started to get dressed for school .	When he arrived , he walked carelessly to class .
Often passengers left books on the plane .	She always kept the books people left behind .
Linda decided to purchase two guinea pigs .	Linda loved her new pets and bought two more .
Alas , he did not win any money at all .	Brad wished he had not wasted so much money on tickets .
He put them into a bucket and dragged them to the curb .	The next day a city worker came and took away the trash .
One day , the paper was n't delivered and Ronald was very upset .	Then , Ronald realized he could just read the news online on his phone .
He decided to bake Christmas cookies .	George spent all Sunday baking them .
He spent all night working on all of that homework .	He did not sleep that night .
He was far ahead and there were lot 's of people between them .	She was walking fast and trying to get through the crowd .
We finished the patio , and mulch in one day !	After work , Moby was surprised how influential positivity was .
Turner went home and played video games instead of studying .	When he took the test the next day , he flunked again
The new spot worked and they brought in half a dozen fish .	That night they had a delicious meal they were proud of .
Jack was paying $ 100 for cable in his home .	He was tired of spending so much for just entertainment .
But the girl was well dressed and looked very cool .	Heather feared the girl would be too cool to befriend her .
It was badly damaged .	Scott 's dad bought him a new one for his birthday .
Finally , it was time to wash out the dye and see her new color .	She looked in the mirror when she was ready .
His new neighbors gathered at the fence and started laughing .	Alex began to cry , which made them laugh even harder .
While there , he made plans to hike a mountain , to Machu Picchu .	The mountain was incredibly steep , and Ned had trouble with the climb .
Ginny loved cats .	She decided to purchase five .
It kept coughing and making strange noises .	She was going to take it to the vet .
She would n't take any of Dan 's calls .	Dan 's broken heart knew no solace .
Ken had a long day at work .	He decided to take a shower when he got home .
She was so nervous !	She practiced all week .
Duke hated buying a whole cd for only two songs .	He began buying individual songs on iTunes and loved it .
He ordered a giant sub from the store .	When he got there , the sub was six feet long !
Jason was chosen to lead the team .	Three of his teammates were injured under his leadership .
Mike kept a very messy car .	One day he could n't find his wallet anywhere .
Alex was usually in the front of the line in class .	One day the teacher reversed the order .
There were a lot of kids always running around .	One day she heard steps running on the roof .
As a result , I had the opportunity to see various animals .	Unfortunately , a bear broke through its cage and ran away .
I got so busy with work that the plan was neglected .	A year later I forgot about the plan entirely .
He blamed Mike for his own mistakes .	And he quit playing .
June was excited about her birthday party .	She was going to have it at a skating rink .
It 's the first vehicle he has ever owned .	He drove it everywhere and loved to show it off .
They could n't believe the view .	Jelly did n't want to get down .
It involved some wiggling of the gear .	Colleen made sure she knew how to do it before leaving .
Sandy arrived to work to meet a bouquet of red roses on her desk .	Sandy was intrigued to find out who the flowers were from .
Jane decided to cook healthier for her family .	They were no longer allowed to eat junk food .
She put a healthy amount in her hair and then showered .	When she got out , she saw that her hair was very greasy .
The coach got the team to the championship .	Lebron and his coach lost the championship game .
Tim was riding his motorcycle to school .	The tire of the bike landed on a crack in the road .
When the nurse injected the needle I could n't look .	Thankfully though it was over before I knew it .
It had snowed overnight and her car was buried up to the door handle .	She called in to work , took the day off and built a snowman instead !
One day , he meets a girl that is always sweet to him .	Alex decides to be nice back to the girl .
Sue really wanted a new boots .	But she could n't afford them .
Jacob was texting on his phone while walking on the sidewalk .	Jacob tripped over a tiny rock on the concrete .
But none of them could agree on which film to see .	At the theater , they were still arguing !
My family remained in the house for several hours .	We did n't do much since the power was out from the hurricane .
And he had trouble sleeping .	James became more and more afraid of his government .
He stayed in bed and skipped work .	Dave switched to decaf coffee .
We saw him at the Criss Cross album release party having fun .	While hanging out with The Lynch Mob he flirted with girls .
Gina was in no real hurry .	But she did n't like sitting in the traffic either .
Kelly was upset that she was n't invited to one of the shows .	She decided to give her friend an ultimatum .
Lisa got very mad .	Lisa was so mad she asked Rosie to leave .
The pilot informed us we had to divert to Denver .	When we landed we found out the plane had been struck by lightning .
They took their time crossing the street .	One man was impatient .
He did n't have any money though .	He decided to steal the soda .
Quentin was afraid of sleeping in the complete dark .	He always asked his mother to leave a nightlight on at night .
They each grabbed one end of the rope .	Lucy realized they only had 2 people , but they needed 3 .
He was very grateful for all of it .	It was a great birthday .
She asked a co-worker for aspirin .	The co-worker had none but suggested she visit the drug store .
On his vacation , he went and tutored children from local schools .	James felt a great sense of honor from his work .
He brought balloons to blow up for the kids .	He must have blown hundreds of them !
A man took out a big bet against the Jets .	He watched the game very intently .
He is too scared to approach her .	He pretends to browse in her area that she is working .
She realized that she had stepped on a nail .	She had to go to the hospital and get stitches .
I spent hours on my computer every day my whole life .	My father always worried about me because he thought I was addicted .
We went to visit her family .	It was a long drive .
He eventually recommended a crested gecko .	We purchased the crested gecko to pick up on Christmas Eve !
I tightened them up as best as I could .	Now I ca n't close the gate at the end of my driveway at all .
They were planning to see a popular new release .	The man at the counter told them all of the tickets were sold out .
One day , she picked up a fantasy book .	She was so entangled in the story she thought she was living it .
He always gets so very high .	I know it 's morning when I hear the bird 's crow .
Brian worked hard all summer during his break .	He worked full time while his friends were out enjoying the summer .
One day , she was cleaning his room .	She saw that the tent looked odd and went to fix it .
Mike was graduating high school later in the day .	He was very anxious , so he thought about skipping .
Betty went to the beach and made friends with a surfer .	They started meeting up at the beach after that .
Bill woke up early to go to work .	He put on his clothes and drove to the office .
He decided to learn to sculpt at university .	He practiced sculpture with diligence and patience .
It hit the floor and scratched .	Thankfully it did n't break .
Devon loves candy .	He eats it all the time .
He drove to the store .	He purchased the items on the list .
Lilacs are Frank 's favorite flower .	Frank entered the room looking happier than ever .
She took her entrance exam .	Jane sent in her application to nursing school .
His wife went to his work to surprise him for lunch .	She found out he was fired and was furious that he did n't tell her .
Mike has an English final the next morning .	During the college semester , Mike never attended the English class .
His finances were limited , but Curtis took a sports car for a drive .	The car was a beauty , and also drove very well .
Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call .	Nancy quit smoking after her friend died .
We seen a raccoon and the park ranger allowed us to feed him .	The huge raccoon ate out of our hands which tickled as he did so .
She entered it and worked hard on a story .	She did n't think it was very good and almost withdrew .
Tina really wanted to go to New York City .	Her friend Rita lived there so Tina decided to invite herself .
Amada was sure she would win , so she did n't bother training .	When the race came , Amanda lost to a girl who had trained her hardest .
There was a little girl named Sophie .	She wanted to be a dragon for Halloween .
He posted about it on Facebook .	I replied that he never bought their products to begin with .
Florence has always dreamed of being a mother .	For Years she saw her friends getting married and having kids .
They had a beautiful crop .	It was very fruitful .
They had forgotten his sippy cup , but the asked if he could use a can .	Bobby eagerly said he could drink from a soda can easily !
Joe always planted a garden .	Today was planting day .
My friend was mad because his girlfriend broke up with him .	I tried to talk to him .
Some guy is giving one of the girls a hard time at the bar .	So Dan stands up to him .
Jane was late for her dentist appointment .	She grabbed a cookie to eat on the way .
Finally Horace knows how to make it for himself .	He is happy that he learned how to make rice .
She loved to spoil her guests with the best possible party .	Every guest truly and a great time and could n't wait until next year .
One day she blew one bigger then ever .	Her former friend came by and popped it with his finger .
Nancy wanted to become a Nun .	Nancy conducted extensive research on several aspects of being a Nun .
Her anxiety melted away and she became excited about the date .	They went out and had a wonderful time .
She started by cleaning out all of the trash .	After that , she arranged all of the books on the shelves .
His pants got a tear in them .	He cut off the bottoms to make his pants into shorts .
Amy had one friend in her lunch period .	They sat together everyday .
Then her mom created a horn herself and glued it on .	Kelly loved the homemade unicorn costume .
Unfortunately , he did n't have any money to buy any cheese .	One day he decided to try and steal some cheese .
Pam loved to make hash browns out of her potatoes .	She grew all of her potatoes in her own garden .
Rita spend some time reading about the rules of golf .	Rita started playing and became very good at golf .
She had a hard time getting past the grief .	Her friend called and said she was taking Lucy out for a surprise .
I ran around barefoot and got dirty often .	My dad got a job in the city .
Carl finds old dirty sneakers in his closet .	He decided to run in his old shoes instead .
Jack got up in the morning .	He rode his bike to school .
He got out of bed to turn the alarm off .	It was cold , so he put on his robe .
Andrew 's family had just moved to town .	On his first day of school he was scared that no one would like him .
A strong gust of wind blew the phone off .	Jim eventually found it but it was destroyed .
Rachel decided to babysit on the weekends on top of her job .	After a month , Rachel had made a lot of money babysitting .
He brought home a couple goats from a nearby farmer .	Sue bent to greet one of the goats .
It is always so loud no matter which room she hides in .	She begged for silence .
When they attacked the child , he was the only one surprised .	He often gently dusts their ash canisters in somber reflection .
I was so nervous , I was the last person called up to audition .	Sadly , I did n't make the team due to not being able to do cartwheels .
She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do .	She had such a great time and ca n't wait to do it again !
They took me to a practice wall in an arcade .	I practiced for a whole day .
A thick layer of ice always formed .	This year he decided to end that debacle .
The bouncer would n't let him in .	Jimmy and the bouncer got into an argument .
Amy decided she no longer wanted to be their friend .	She walked into class and sat across the room .
She entered her paintings into contests and hoped to win .	She knew that could be her big break .
On the other side of the street was my friend , also waiting .	I waved at my friend but he did not notice me .
Margo began babysitting her mother 's employer 's son .	She found a disturbing photograph in the house .
Lakyn and her her boyfriend had been discussing engagement .	Lakyn was very worried about him picking a ring she would n't like .
One night I was feeling pretty down .	My boyfriend I had broken up .
He got help from a tutor .	On the day of the test , he felt very prepared .
He did it properly , on bended knee .	But she was shocked by his proposal .
He could n't find his car keys anywhere .	He called a friend to pick him up .
He then realized it was much too big for the kitchen cupboards .	Tim was too lazy to return the dishwasher .
One day Sally fell off the bike and broke her wrist .	Mary helped Sally recover but Sally never rode her bike again .
Annie likes to cook .	Annie likes ethnic food .
I was very nervous for it and I wanted to win .	The bus broke down on the way there .
A man with a surfboard reach him and pulled him on .	Together they returned safely to the shore .
Erick was in 2nd grade	His parents just bought him a brand new bike with training wheels
It took them so long that night arrived quickly and it became dark .	When it got dark , Hillary and her friends saw a bigfoot in the trees .
She pulled out a bottle of bug spray and applied it liberally .	Thankfully , the bugs smelled the spray and left Anna alone .
I had guests coming to my house for dinner .	Alas , the turkey in my fridge became moldy .
She could n't believe she never had it before then .	Tina decided to make it herself .
It was the first night Beth was playing Juliet in school play .	When it was time to go on stage Beth froze .
When the cars were delivered , he realized the supplier made a mistake !	The cars all had supercharged turbo engines , so they were very fast .
She loved the pictures of colorful daylilies .	Cindy ordered red , pink and yellow lilies .
Recently , it was very cold outside .	Then , it began to rain .
Rick was playing in his yard when a kitten walked over .	Rick and the kitten played in the yard .
She planned to cash in the pennies when the jug was full .	One day , the jug could hold no more pennies .
The teacher was going over yesterday 's homework .	He got a phone call from the guidance counselor .
They checked in .	When they go to their room they found a mess .
He knew she had a new interest in fitness and exercise .	He asked a fitness instructor and the instructor recommended Fitbit .
The Smith family went on vacation to Florida .	The children were playing in the ocean and watching the sunset .
Tracy discovered Doug lied about his feelings .	Tracy is now considered a murderer for killing Doug .
He made a sign to let others know that they could have the tires free .	One hour later a man came by and took away all of the free tires .
I competed in many tournaments .	However I would only get fifth place .
I turned on the water and it was icy cold !	Our water heater had broken and I could n't take a shower .
It was a close race until the other drive rear-ended a parked car .	Really my grandmother should have known not to race me like that .
Simon approaches the cashier to order his lunch .	The cashier asks Simon what he would like to order .
Then , she tried to fix the door .	This time , it stopped breaking .
There , he learned about the old temples .	He took lots of photos of the beautiful jungle ruins .
As soon as she put it on her hair , it felt amazing .	She could n't wait to use more of it .
Unfortunately , she did n't have all of the ingredients she needed .	So instead she decided to just order pizza .
Kathy was talking on the phone when she slipped on a patch of ice .	Her phone flew out of her hand .
Pete was a big music fan .	He loved spending time at local record stores .
When he turned 17 , the only car he could afford was yellow .	He saved up more money , he bought blue paint and painted his car .
Ann woke up and made her coffee .	Then she saw that she was out of cream !
Gina had taken 30 minutes to calm down after a bad morning .	She sat at her desk and began her math assignment .
Charles was hired , but his boss said competition was close .	He told Charles he was hired because the boss liked his shined shoes .
Beth hates to clean .	She is learning to clean more daily .
First they took a train to a distant city .	Then they went with their aunt to museums and zoos .
He wondered if he 'd be able to make new friends , or keep his old ones .	After the move , Matt 's fears turned out to be unwarranted .
Nancy was walking to her interview .	She tried not to get any strains on her outfit .
He hated his job .	He could never get his substitute students to quiet down .
She did n't want to take a bath .	Her parents made her take a bath anyway .
She was able to learn with her friend 's help .	Emily can ride her bike with her friends now !
He really wanted to be a play writer , however .	After several years , Craig completed a play he was writing .
There was a keyboard on the side of the road .	Roy stopped and picked it up .
I tried to muffle it a bit since we were at dinner .	Instead it made me pass gas .
She boiled her chicken and added veggies .	When the soup was done , she tasted it .
It was time to clean his room so he looked under it .	As well as shoes he found something big and fluffy .
Kelly really wanted a new cat .	She begged her parents over and over for one .
All the sudden , giant hail balls came down .	We ran into the first store we found and watched the hail come down .
She realized she needed to do something about it .	She went to a doctor and was diagnosed with ADHD .
Jack wanted to get better at dribbling and decided to do a drill .	First , Jack dribbled with his right hand many times .
I took the bike home and checked out the problem .	I went to the store and bought the tube to fix the tire .
She announced a name .	Everyone celebrated the person 's achievement .
Charles wanted to watch his favorite show on the television .	When he sat down on the couch , he could n't find the remote .
He went to a phone store .	The clerk helped him decide .
One day , I wanted to buy a skeleton .	My boyfriend worked in a halloween store , so I asked him about it .
He got mad and threatened me .	Unfortunately , I had to give him $ 50 dollars .
He did not heed his doctor and kept drinking .	He died of a second heart attack a few months after the first .
A girl was fascinated by rain , even though she lived in the desert .	She decided she would be happier in a place where it rained often .
Neil was having a great time touring South Korea .	Then he arrived in the capital city of Seoul .
Luckily , a nurse there offered to watch the toddler .	Joanne was able to have her new baby in peace .
He moved swiftly and faster than me .	Before I had a chance to make a shot , my friend grabbed the ball .
It has since moved to the suburbs .	I will go but I think the Enchanted Village is spooky .
Terry strutted like a happy puppy and he was very easy to control .	After about an hour , Terry was finally ready to go home and sleep .
One day a Bob and his family moved in .	Jill told me Bob looked familiar .
We went camping and fishing for two weeks .	We had a great time .
James was walking through the snow .	He slipped on the snowy area that he was walking through .
Jennifer and Luke walked arm in arm to shake their principal 's hand .	They both received their diplomas from their smiling teacher .
A friend recommends he try adopting a son instead .	He adopts a son and becomes a great father .
With a sad heart , her boyfriend gave the dog away .	The two married , and Ruth kept her secret .
Anna took loads of photos .	She had a wonderful time on her cruise .
Sherry put the kids outside to play .	And Gina crept upstairs to her room to read alone .
He would call himself Superman from then on .	Everyone laughed when he called himself Superman .
Nate is starting to feel a little better and want to go play .	Nate must rest one more day before he can play outside .
Then he sat for a while and thought of new ideas .	Now he has a lot of story ideas to write about .
She had no grass in her yard but desired to have some .	She went to the home store and bought several bags of grass seed .
Then , she looked through pattern books .	She chose one .
They practiced once a week for years .	On their anniversary night , they passed away .
I have big vats I used to melt the wax .	I 've been experimenting with weirdly shaped wicks .
But her labor went smoothly and quickly .	Soon she was holding her baby and breastfeeding like a pro .
When she came home , she showed the rocks to friends .	Everyone said they looked like ordinary rocks , nothing special .
I decided to make this special and start a family game night weekly .	Now that I have children , we still have family game night every Friday .
Justin was on the track team at his school .	One day , he had an away meet at another school .
She purchases the record and heads home .	Upon returning home Laura begins listening to her new find .
His coach let him on the team , but reluctantly .	But Nguyen decided to practice at home with friends .
Ron and his friends began to look around and found a busted window .	Ron 's friends dared Ron to go inside of the house .
She went to the salon to get her hair cut .	She decided to go with an expensive cut .
Tim needed to take the trash out .	But he was too lazy .
She went to a home improvement store to find paint .	While looking at paint swatches , a handsome man approached her .
She had writer 's block , so she decided to go write at the park .	At the park , she saw a man get robbed .
Her husband decided to cheer her up .	He took her for dinner .
Madison decided to approach the girl .	She leaned over and introduced herself , which made the girl happy .
Rhonda never felt that she understood modern art .	One day she decided to visit a modern art museum with a friend .
Due to the poor economy , they needed a 50k down payment .	At first , Chris and Aimee were discouraged .
Darcy failed two classes in school .	Her parents grounded her until her grades improved .
Everyday a car parked in the front row took up two space .	One day Ted snapped and broke every window in the car .
But she was not a good girl this year .	And she knew this deep down .
Megan was at a donut shop .	She really wanted a fresh donut , hot out of the machine .
He always yelled out when the teacher was talking .	This time the teacher had had enough of his yelling .
I bought the bread and I bought milk as well .	It was then that I walked home with the groceries .
Danielle was having trouble seeing in class .	Her teacher recommended an eye test .
Jen walked out of the mall only to find her car was gone .	She looked around frantically .
Laura was at school one morning .	The previous night , there had been some drama online .
He raced to the mall .	In the mall he saw many things were out of stock .
I woke up early on my mother 's birthday .	I had previously decided to make her a cake .
Danielle had been feeling down .	She decided to write what was bothering her in a journal .
His friend asked him to play video games .	And they ended up playing the whole day .
Although the move was a hassle , Mark enjoyed his new home .	Mark enjoyed his new life as a Florida resident .
He hated the job .	The pay was terrible and the hours were long .
Then , she waited for them to cook .	Unfortunately , the cookies did n't rise properly and were n't as yummy .
Jack really wanted to open a restaurant .	He mortgaged his house in order to start a burger joint .
Jessica started to panic .	She quickly realized that she could ride the bus to work so she did .
Her mother held the back of her bike as she pushed Susan .	Susan 's mother let go of the bicycle .
She tried to put it out by throwing water on it .	The fire spread and Kim had to call the fire department .
Bob was starting the year at a new school .	He did not know anyone in his class .
Stephen had been awake for days .	He tried to sleep but could n't .
Unfortunately , she forgot some of the words and the crowd jeered .	She hoped to get another chance someday and she 'd practice for sure .
She got pushed by a big man beside her .	SHe fell down .
I was frightened but also nervous to go on it .	When the ride started I was screaming .
Bill 's dog starts barking at the wall and pacing every time it rains .	Bill ca n't figure out why .
That 's why she spent days looking for the perfect costume .	She now wore her half angel and half demon disguise to the party .
Sara wanted to have a baby .	She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late .
She said that for every block I did she 'd pay me half her rate .	I did so well that I was able to pay for a car and start a real route .
The student would work the same question type for 4 hours straight .	The student saw their grade average increase .
A gingerbread sugar scrub would be perfect , she decided .	When it was done , she had nine fragrant jars - the perfect gift !
Susan fell off her bike .	She landed hard on the ground breaking her arm .
Then one day Will forgot it was pretend and bit into one of the pies .	Mud oozed out of his mouth .
Then he thought of a great solution .	She used packets of Kool Aid to turn her hair pink .
She tried to fix it by bending it down .	Finally , the sign laid flat and looked normal .
I did a survey on Mechanical Turk for five cents .	It took me twenty minutes .
Kelly decided to be adventurous .	She decide to take the training wheels off her bike .
He pulled the injured woman from the car , worried about a lawsuit .	Everyone afterward praised the selfish man .
Suddenly , John noticed the display window for the local candy shop .	John went inside the shop to purchase some candy .
Her coach asked her many questions .	Her most difficult question was if she preferred fame or fortune .
Chad ate little and drank less .	The cancer eating away at him did n't have any less of an appetite .
It was cold so I brought my jacket .	I found a bench and tried to read by the lake .
She got tired of it so she grew her hair long .	Unfortunately , she still got mistaken for a man .
Bella was having a boring Saturday .	She had run out of things to do .
Ted was in the market for a new car .	He browsed craigslist for months .
She had one , but it was way too small for her .	She ended up attending the party with jeans and a t-shirt .
Everything was fine until an unforeseen accident occurred .	The store 's electricity went out which had caused the vegetables to go bad .
Bravely , he lowered his blanket and looked towards the sound .	It was just the wind blowing the tree branches against the window !
He wanted to go to every fast food burger place in New York .	He started going to 10 a day .
Alas , I was too young to get a job .	I decided to open a lemonade stand .
There , she watched experienced players play .	When she thought she had the hang of it , she stepped into the game .
Wendy ended up losing .	Everyone who betted for Karly won a lot of money .
The line was very long .	I waited and waited until it was my turn .
He had to update everything inside , especially the rug .	Tom yanked up the old shag rug , piece by piece .
She was too polite to say anything , however .	She spent the entire evening sneezing and blowing her nose .
She still decided to leave college to have her baby .	Emily and her baby are very happy and snuggly without anyone else .
He went back home .	He decided to give up on a tree .
I had never played blackjack before , but she encouraged me .	I sat and played for a little while .
Suddenly she started screaming and crying .	A bee had stung her eyelid .
They checked their tires and bike chains for safety .	They put on their biking gear and headed out
He let his boss order for him since he did n't know what to eat .	He secretly put his food in his napkin when his boss was n't looking .
He could n't wait to see all his favorite hockey players .	When he got there , he rushed through the doors as fast as he could .
He finally decided to get happy and quit his job .	He became a painter and joined an art studio .
He took the bigger ones and chopped them first .	Dave cleaned off his knife and worked on the medium onions .
She was sad about it .	People made fun of her .
She was able to choose her lunch .	She sat with her friends from class and the ate and talked .
We picked a nice area and set up a sheet and ate sandwiches .	Unfortunately within minutes we were overrun by ants .
Greg was addicted to online games .	It 's all he would ever talk about to his real friends .
They all noticed a familiar looking man across the room .	Lola was trying to remember who he was .
He took it .	Carl paid for gas with it .
She was late to her appointment .	Her professor was irritated with Jen .
She began to put the bedspread in the washer .	The water made it float , making it hard to get it in the machine .
He had packed his rifle and all the camping gear he would need .	The weather was looking perfect , but he still brought a rainy coat .
It took weeks but Frank planned the best party imaginable .	As he sat watching the event unfold he felt a profound sadness .
The same day his wife Lucy bought a new chair for the living room .	The couch and chair did n't match each other .
The fleet manager of the company said he was looking to buy 5 trucks .	All the trucks had to be green with certain equipment .
But one of the streets was closed .	Gina had to drive 3 blocks out of her way to get around it .
Sometimes though , the cashier would give me two .	I think this is because they knew Americans liked ketchup .
All of a sudden , security told her to stop taking pictures .	Sue was told that flash photography was not allowed .
He was not sure about this .	He was used to being the only child .
Since he made the patient sign a waiver , the patient could not sue .	The patient wrote a bad review online though .
The woman woke up .	She was in a hospital .
At that moment the lady behind her swiped her credit card .	Jenny was so surprised about this random act of kindness .
Amy was done because she ate lunch alone .	She went to her 5th period class in a funk .
I fell on the icy sidewalk and broke my wrist .	I laid on the cold ground waiting for help .
During the war , Dave was ordered to stop an enemy train .	He strung a set of chains across the tracks and waited .
One day , her owners decided to adopt a new kitten .	Minnie growled and hissed at the new arrival .
She tripped over her shoe lace .	Her arm smacked the wall .
Jason did n't like cats .	Jason 's girlfriend owned a grumpy cat .
As he grew up , his passion for toys grew with him .	As an adult , Andy opened a toy museum and shared his love with others .
He was enjoying a trip backpacking through Europe .	He loved all his stops , but Sophia was his favorite .
Suddenly , a woman behind him bumped into him .	Her alcoholic drink spilled all over him .
Tom was really hot one day .	And his air conditioner was n't helping enough .
They won the regional championship and were sent to nationals .	They lost at nationals but were very proud of their accomplishment .
Then she slipped and fell .	She snapped her ankle between two boulders .
He took one and walked off .	However , we swapped shirts and he returned to the man .
The boy followed the light to its source .	He bent over and examined it .
Jay had lost the bet .	As the loser , he was forced to punch himself in the face .
Sam 's windshield cracked .	He had to have it replaced .
There was someone that he had n't seen before and started to draw .	She noticed and decided to sit next to him .
rainy leaked through the roof .	Ben helped Jim repair the roof .
The next morning they both felt very sick .	They both had food poisoning .
She could n't decide which animal she wanted to ride .	The white horse with pink ribbons was beautiful .
Jim had given his boss the cold .	Jim apologized by giving his boss some chocolate .
Then Ky decided she could volunteer her time .	She joined a relief organization and helped rebuild homes .
The team was trying to win .	There were 5 seconds left .
To get her in trouble , she told lies about her to her mom .	This made her teacher very mad and she gave Brittany detention for it .
The mean girl Lisa would never let Cindy play with her .	As a result , Cindy would cry everyday .
Charles was afraid he would never finish college .	He had taken several Years off school and was scared of college class .
She finally received an email with her test grade .	She had received an A and passed her course .
They were both nervous as they said goodbye .	Suddenly , Sean leaned over and hugged Sara .
Nina was anxious to meet her little brother .	Soon , her dad brought her to the hospital .
Nate was driving with his girlfriend .	She spotted a stray cat on the side of the road .
Judy was sad because she scored poorly on a her vision test .	So she had to wear glasses .
The bull tried to buck me off many times .	I was able to ride the bull for eight seconds .
Both people were very stubborn about the situation .	Their compromise was to sit on each other 's lap .
My cat was sleeping in my lap .	The dog ran into the room
My father has always pressured me to go to graduate school .	I always agreed , but I have had a hard time with college lately .
Suddenly the fire alarm went off .	I left my room and headed to the stairs .
She decided to make dinner for her parents .	When they arrived home from work , the dinner was ready .
Alex had been fired .	He decided to seek work .
I donated to a charity for three years .	One day , I decided to research them more in depth .
She was caught sneaking out at midnight at a friend 's house .	She was being driven back home
Anaya was given the task to rename many files .	She worked for hours typing each new name , one at a time .
Jack got the spare form the trunk and changed the tired .	He considered himself lucky that he had n't lost control of the car .
Butch had a really old computer .	Everything he did on it was slow .
Ike found a wallet on the street .	It was full of cash !
It only takes her once or twice to learn a new song .	Yesterday we listened to a song three times .
I tried to use my insurance to pay for a crown .	No one told me there was a year waiting period .
Jim named his puppy James .	Jim brought James home and fed him dog treats .
Last 4th of July , this neighbor shot off fireworks until midnight .	This loud display went on for three nights , terrifying our dog .
Daisy was at her middle school graduation .	Her teacher was handing out superlative awards for everyone .
She was telling the cashier she 'd forgotten her wallet !	Tim stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee .
After a few minutes , Bert noticed that the burger was burned .	Bert quickly removed the burned food and replaced it .
April hated going to her internship because she hated her coworkers .	One day she met a man who was the shoe-shiner in her building .
On the way there he forgot his money .	He went home and then proceeded to go back to the deli .
She found out .	She started ignoring me .
Turns out the sister was wearing it .	They got into a big fight and the top got torn in the process .
It was raining a little so we had to be fast !	Once the walk was done , we went back inside and had some coffee .
He went to every local business , but none of them were hiring .	Being inventive , Rick decided to create his own job for himself .
Becky quit the bank and got a job at an equestrian center .	Her first day on the job , a horse kicked her in the head .
My daughter slept through the night in her own bed .	First I had to read a bunch of stories to her .
One night a very young woman came in with contraptions .	Her baby was coming way too early .
Niall was excited momentarily , but grew suspicious .	The man showed Niall his badge , he was a policeman .
It fell on his arm .	He was extremely burnt and could n't stay still .
And he noticed that the man went inside occasionally .	He waited for the right moment stole items from the garage .
We headed to the movies together .	Suddenly , he said he felt sick .
The school was blocked off from the homes for the whole day .	Weston had to stay at the school until late that night .
He was severely injured .	He was told it would take him awhile to walk again .
Soon , it was obvious to the customers that Jan was going to be a mom .	Jan rarely complained , but she mentioned her feet were more tired now .
In his past when he was a child he got stuck in a box .	He could n't get out of it so he almost suffocated .
The school closed early because there was too much snow .	Ryan took the bus back home .
My kids love to visit Myrtle Beach .	We go to the water slide parks .
I knocked the ball out of the park !	Alas , it broke a window of a house !
Justin was riding a motorcycle .	Suddenly , a car hit his back wheel .
Amy wanted to stop by Ben 's house .	Lynn reminded Amy they had purchased ice cream .
Before having dinner , Jeff worked on putting up the lights .	He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family .
They did not get along very well .	When he asked her for a second date , Lori declined .
He had a lot of fun doing this .	He got caught going down hill in a low gear and could not slow down .
Rather than being disgusted , he smiled and peed beside her .	They both had a pee fetish .
We watch it together online through a site that lets us share screens .	I started watching it with her one afternoon at 4 o'clock .
But after a whole day of watching , she saw no monster .	Ness had a great trip but saw nothing supernatural !
She woke up at 7AM this morning and was full of energy .	Bella 's mom took her to the park after breakfast .
They trashed the shelves and messed with the computers .	After talking to her manager , she was able to get them banned .
Finally , he made some croissants .	They burned !
Unfortunately , he did not have cooking oil .	He decided to use lard .
It was n't funny at all but her brother Sam started laughing at her .	As Linda got up off the floor she threw a pillow at Sam .
My daughter watches television shows that are educational .	Some of the shows are better than others .
She wants to be a nurse .	My niece does not want her daughter to go far away .
After much thought , she decided to stay home .	She laid in bed and rested the majority of the day .
Well that 's all that she planned to shoot .	Her hand slipped when she was shooting cause the arrow to fly wild .
The brown and teal cowboy boots were the most comfortable shoes .	Riley wore her cowboy boots to school the next day .
She kissed him on the forehead .	He said that was yucky .
Peter denied the that he stole the baseball cap .	When Harry was convinced and left , Peter showed everyone his new cap !
The day of the drawing he told everyone that they lost .	He told them next time they would win .
It is Eli 's birthday .	He is having a party at a gymnastics place .
Used the patch for a month .	He finally quit smoking .
The lady showed up to pick up the pie but noticed something strange .	There was a rat in the pie and screamed out the door .
My boyfriend met me at the park .	On one of the rides , he leaned over and kissed me !
They try selling him very expensive tires .	The tires are out of his price range .
At his first game he was nervous .	He did not perform well .
Stacy felt unhappy with her lot in life .	She surely deserved more praise for all she did .
I kept missing and bending the nail .	After a dozen tries I started to hit the nail straight .
To eat his pasta he used a knife instead .	He brought the knife to his mouth and pasta slipped off .
I am proud to be a writer .	I realize my writing may never be famous .
She then ran to the sound and found a sickly feral kitten .	Brandy took the cat to an animal hospital where it was revitalized .
Tim got a new skateboard .	The first time he used it he fell .
He sees a kid having trouble hitting the ball .	Tony shows him how fix his technique and the kid improves .
He ran a little bit too far into the street .	A car was coming fast .
They performed gestures and the chimp would repeat them .	That trip showed me how smart these creatures really where .
Mary said yes !	Chris and Mary went to the concert together .
He wanted to get his brakes replaced .	The mechanic told him it would take one hour .
He always thought they were so mysterious .	One day he had to go to a pet store .
They saw a report of Jack 's death .	He had been shot in a drive-by shooting on his way to the park .
One day , the Joneses called a realtor and started looking at houses .	After a long search , they finally found and bought the perfect one .
He opened it at home to jot down a note .	In the notebook was a lot of notes from the old owner .
Amy took initiative and cleaned the whole room .	She hoped her roommate would get the hint and keep it clean .
Then Neil drives to the lake .	Neil finds his favorite spot to sit .
He complained that this was not what he ordered .	The bartender rolled her eyes and made a new drink .
Katy decided to go to the mall to get a new one .	She drove to the mall and went to the mobile phone store .
Jacque had led a rather bland life as an office clerk .	He longed for excitement and adventure , and daydreamed of both daily .
Dave decided he would wash his dad 's car that weekend .	He took the car through the carwash but scraped the side of the door .
It drove the boy who sat next to her crazy .	He had an idea to give her some worry beads to play with .
My cat is brown , white and orange .	She likes to sleep on a red fuzzy blanket .
He suited up , buckled his skis , but the guys skied off !	Charles began sliding backwards down a slope .
The hammer fell and tom stumbled .	He fell off the ladder into a pile of snow .
They explained the rules to him .	He threw his first horseshoe and totally missed .
There was nothing in our yard .	I looked over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .
She had no household chores to do .	She lay back down and enjoyed doing nothing .
I was n't sure how I would pay for it , but I knew I wanted to go .	After looking through newspapers , I found a job as a dog walker .
Kim had never met her neighbors before but walked next door anyway .	The neighbor was very nice and gave Kim some butter .
Freddie has always been a vegetarian .	However , this year he is hosting a party for his friends .
Her can opener would n't work .	She checked it out and realized that it was broken .
She hit them with a wooden spoon to hear the tone .	Kim moved the pots and pans in tone order .
He figured everyone likes technology .	He bought 3 ipods .
Bill was cleaning out his garage .	But he noticed a bunch of old things that he did n't want to throw away
One day Sam got all caught up in some string while he was playing .	He ended up getting so tied up that he could not get free .
I checked in the street nearby , and found another twenty !	Satisfied , I went into work , $ 40 richer than I was before I left .
Since she lived in a different state , he sent her money overseas .	It 's been several weeks and the payment has n't arrived .
One day she decided to gain a little weight .	She started by adding a milkshake to every dinner meal .
I called the vet and he said the fish was sick .	I went to the vet and bought medicine for the pet .
She began by coughing herself into a fit , but recovered .	She thought she was ok , but the illness moved to her stomach .
He could not afford to purchase another boat .	Ian was sad that he could no longer island hop .
Beth had a huge interview .	As she was driving she spilled coffee on her white shirt .
Alice began to cry which made Tom feel horrible .	Tom fixed the doll 's arm and gave it back to Alice .
Luke decided to rob a convenience store .	He was arrested by the police for robbery .
Amy disliked animal printed items .	But she purchased the slippers because they were so affordable .
Unfortunately they started to rip .	Allie was disappointed .
Eventually his neighbors complained about the noise .	Sam had to go elsewhere to practice but kept doing so .
She bought all the ingredients .	She followed the recipe .
The day of the debate he lost his cue cards .	Fortunately enough he was skilled in his topic he won the debate .
On Christmas day she went to the children 's home .	She gave out the presents to the kids and had the best Christmas ever .
Jesse sings of a place over the rainbow to her empty room .	She finishes with a lonely sigh , pining for her recently dead mom .
Frank had never been in a band before .	He saw the flyer for the audition and wanted to try it .
She watched as he did it once .	She then attempted herself .
Darren fainted on the field suddenly .	Medical experts ran out to aid him .
The pair he wanted was twenty dollars .	Jimmy mowed lawns for money .
Alice has always wanted to be a mother .	She meets a man and they fall in love .
Then I met my fiancee at the lawyer 's office .	I married my fiance in front of my family .
So he decided to create his own photography album .	He snapped shots of all his classmates at work and at play .
What Ana did n't know was that others knew of her ways .	One day , And was stranded , and really needed help .
Carl wanted a computer badly .	He worked for months .
She was feeling lonely so she went to the shelter to adopt a puppy .	She found a brown dog with white ears that she loved .
Jill was walking down the beach .	She was feeling very hot walking under the sun .
Then he paid for some necessities .	Before he knew it Leroy 's paycheck was gone .
Laughing nervously , she said she would go .	They watched as she crept in through the broken window .
But his parents forced him to go to school .	During class , he frequently got up to blow his nose .
The boys had been watching birds all month .	Finally they decided to build a bird house .
It kept all sorts of important information that he used regularly .	When it was raining , Jo dropped his phone in a puddle !
Mike had to go to the doctor .	He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work .
Ben took his ATV to the beach .	He powered it up .
Three times in a row he had doubled down and been correct .	If he doubled down one more time he would be set for life .
One morning , he noticed a pair of his underwear and socks missing .	Then his roommate walked in wearing Charles ' undergarments .
Mike lost his favorite golf ball yesterday .	Mike and John are going back to the golf course today to find it .
But , she was in poor shape .	Lisa decided to train so she could join the team .
He messes up during it .	He does n't get the job .
Everyone packed up and left .	The park became closed .
He knows that worst case he gets told to lay down .	Best case scenario begging will get him something .
It was a battle that lasted thirty four seconds .	I finally could not hold it and I blinked first .
It was broken by hospital staff during a stay there .	The hospital reimbursed me for a new one .
I went to a restaurant and asked another what I should have .	He suggested the pork , so I ordered it .
She started to drink coffee .	The caffeine helped her stay awake in the mornings .
The next day , the went out and enjoyed some scenic areas .	That evening , they made a huge dinner .
It looked great .	It tasted even better .
He hurriedly cast about for a portable meal .	Then his eye landed on the fruit bowl .
Tina and her friends went out to play archery .	They got by the target and started shooting .
But Eli did n't seem to care .	He decided to go watch a love movie by himself .
Art had been sick with the flu for weeks .	He decided to try to cure himself instead of waiting it out .
She searches the neighborhood calling for Lucy .	Sarah finds Lucy safe at one of her neighbors houses .
However he could n't find the chips .	He looked everywhere .
On her first case , she became really anxious .	Yvette took effective medicine from a leading pharmaceutical company .
Several weeks passed without reply , and John grew despondent .	When the response finally arrived , Jon frantically tore it open .
I went to the zoo .	I saw some monkeys .
She finally decided to draw a bouquet for her mom .	Her mother broke down crying at the reception of the gift .
There was a hole in his kayak !	Bob swam out of the river .
I pressed the record button .	It took five minutes to make the music cd .
Tammy was too excited and did it anyway .	She turned blind .
And ended up eating 5 pounds of wings .	She was very sick the next day .
And today he had finally come back .	Gina was secretly hopeful this was the day they were going back home .
She wanted to know what they had done .	The kids were accused of throwing rocks from the roof of a building .
He never knew why she liked him .	He was glad she was his wife , though .
He worked as hard as he could on the test .	He did pass and he got the new TV .
She wanted to show off her cooking skills .	When she went to the competition , she made a pie .
Jane found a perfect new car at the dealer .	The dealer provided Jane with a loan .
The hippos were very hungry .	The hippos ate everything they could find .
I painted each nail a different color .	It was quite fun .
Craig went to the bar every week to play darts .	He thought he was the best at it .
Mike was hungry .	There was leftover pizza on the table .
It scared her being up there alone all that time .	Sara did n't go back to the fair for the rest of this year .
Abbey had a role in a Peter Pan ballet .	Backstage , her older sister helped her do her hair and makeup .
It was halfway through the semester , and John was failing his classes .	He decided to go to the library and study .
Dave thought she was sending him a message in code .	He was confident she was hinting that she desired such a birthday .
She tried it out the next day on a normal run .	She was surprised to find her normal run was 13 miles !
But when she bit into it , her face twisted .	She had bitten right into a slimy worm !
Kelsi went to the local animal shelter to help out .	She ended up falling in love with a kitten .
Bradley was at a show .	He wanted to meet the band after .
She wagged her tail happily and started to lick his hand .	He kept petting her because it made her stop whimpering .
So , instead of doing a lot of habits , he chooses one .	Zach is working on his habit of working out everyday .
Joe had a weight problem .	It was caused by his addiction to chocolate .
She went upstairs when she noticed her door was open .	She peeked inside and saw her husband kissing some girl .
Jack ran home and told his dad all about the puppy .	His dad told him that he could n't get the puppy .
I was having fun when I first got there .	The second day , I started to feel sicker and sicker .
It was designed so kids could gently touch aquatic creatures .	Anita was allowed to touch a sea anemone !
Jasmine 's mother is allergic to cats , so she could never have one .	Jasmine waited 20 long years until she finally moved out .
She went to the animal shelter with her parents .	She really wanted a cat .
It was not a bad car .	We had several warranty issues about the horn and radio .
He rushed back to the library , but when he arrived it was closed .	He could n't sleep very well because he was worried about his wallet .
They all decided to go to 7-11 to buy some snacks .	Ronnie realized that he had used all of his allowance already .
Nick has writer 's block .	He tries several ideas for a story .
Unfortunately , he was in a desert so there was no water .	Sam died of dehydration .
She called her mom , who said a care package was on the way .	Sandy opened the care package to find a popcorn maker .
Jimmy worked for weeks on a sculpture .	He was very proud of the way it had turned out .
Gina had already seen one of the homes .	Her parents brought them to see another house .
The book is about an American woman fighting an Iranian immigrant .	The immigrant bought the woman 's house under odd circumstances .
One day , he decided he had had enough .	He packed his bags , loaded up his truck , and started driving west .
Bee was nervous to go on vacation .	He had a big aquarium and he was worried about his fish .
One day while walking home from school he saw a boy scout poster .	He asked his parents if he could join .
Kelsey was about to go surfing .	She was at a shop trying to find a wetsuit .
She sprayed her monitor until it was very wet .	Bev vigorously scrubbed her screen until it was clean .
Tom and his friend spent a lot of time together .	This included buying lotto tickets often .
Ida was getting ready to go out with her friends .	She shut off all the lights in her house and walked to the door .
Ed bet a steak dinner that he would beat Don .	On the day of the race they were neck in neck .
Gina had finally gained traction on the icy hill .	She was almost onto the main street .
The ticket guy said I could n't get in without a guardian , being 16 .	I was humiliated , and never went to the movies with Jane after that .
The talked to each other every day until they could finally meet .	She was nervous about the in person meeting .
One morning I left early for work .	I turned on the water sprinkler to give the grass a good drink .
She decided to write short stories instead .	She wrote one as quick as she could .
The juice feel on the floor and soaked the play-station .	The system short-circuited and could n't turn on again .
One night his roommate drunkenly took it down .	Sam found it in the dumpster and put it back up .
LeTosh was about to be in a reality show .	She was so nervous and uneasy .
Her new husband realized something was bothering his bride .	He cancelled their plans for the evening , which cheered her up .
A man went to a business function .	He mingled and schmoozed all day .
William likes to race cars for a living .	When William was young he dreamed of winning Daytona .
He went downtown , ate pizza and saw a Broadway show .	Then he spent a week in Harlem studying and admiring art .
At recess , he did not play with anybody .	But later , at puzzle time , a little girl named Sara befriended him .
Her dog ran into the woods .	Jill chased after her dog .
Kay and her mom were driving home from the Mall .	Kay looked out the window , and saw a cyclone in the distance .
I woke up one morning and got dressed .	I had a package in the mail at the post office .
I was shopping in the supermarket for avocados .	I made some random remark about Italian cuisine .
Another cook walked by and slipped on the soup .	The cook fell into a pile of flour sacks .
She felt so relaxed after a long day .	The hours just flew by .
Jane put down the curling iron and went to the register .	Jane purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend .
James shot the ball thinking he 'd make it .	But John blocked it with malice .
But after years of studying , he had no answers .	Ethan decided crop circles would always be a mystery .
Linda waited for eight weeks but still had n't received her passport .	The day before her flight , her passport finally arrived !
I heard through the grapevine that they closed .	Now we 'll have to find a new place to go to .
Her mother stared at her when she handed her the milk .	Gina smiled as she walked to her room happy to have avoided the trap .
She taught herself how to do both very well .	She was asked to join a garage band with some kids from school .
Rod loved a pit bull at the shelter .	But his friends said pit bulls were very violent dogs .
She started climbing the cliff .	Fear engulfed her .
Jenny pulled her blanket tighter around her , fearing the worst .	In the morning , she looked outside , and her fears were confirmed .
But her mom talked her into going .	Kate went and ended up having a wonderful time !
One time he completely lost his voice for two days .	We were secretly hoping he would not get it back .
She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale .	The house sold , and Lisa moved to a little cottage by the bay .
Kyle worked at his store for a while and was waiting for a promotion .	He was happily working until he was introduced to a new hire .
He spoke to the press about quitting writing and then went home .	Mike went home and decided to try to do something else .
She found a reasonable breeder near her .	Dina was finally able to purchase the puppy she desired .
After rinsing his car , Jimmy noticed lots of little scratches .	Dirt particles from the cloth had rubbed against his car 's paint job .
Abby and her friends got together in the room and watched a movie .	The concierge then brought the cake upstairs for the girls to enjoy .
At the picnic spot , he decided to rest a bit before eating .	Unfortunately , while he rested some ants got into the picnic basket .
I stepped on the chair and placed one foot on the Stove .	My hand accidentally hit a bowl .
Todd brought the cookies to the register .	He reached into his pocket and discovered his wallet was missing .
She was depressed and did n't care to bathe .	After a week she began to feel better .
However , no one would hire someone with no experience .	Tim decided to get an internship working for free .
Her neighbor offered her a ride .	Eve thanked her and obliged .
David seen a job ad while on the school computer .	He filled out the application and submitted it .
Afterwards , Lorraine and Fred play a game of chess .	Although she loses her first game , Lorraine is happy she can play .
She decided to go on a run .	She searched her house for her running shoes .
Pat started picking up on simple words and phrases .	After a few weeks he became slightly fluent in speaking .
One day Lola found a wagon in the middle of the block .	She went to retrieve it .
Randy got a new bicycle and helmet for his birthday .	His mom told him he had to wear the helmet if he rode .
Bob realized that a parrot was hard work .	He decided to sell the parrot .
I was very nervous to start my job as a CNA .	I could barely sleep the night before my first day .
Nick was late getting to the bar , which made Anna upset .	Anna decided she was not interested in Nick , and left .
I bought everything I needed from home using Walmart 's website .	The items were shipped to my local store for free and I was happy .
She searched everywhere for the perfect pair .	Finally she found a pair .
He refused to let anyone help .	Tim thought hard , but could n't think of anything .
One year she decided to farm lettuce too .	The potatoes grew very well .
Since i was demotivated , I wanted to drop out of the class .	The professor was irritated when he heard that .
Jake had not done his homework for that particular class in weeks .	He asked if he could make up his missing assignments after class .
Rich sang along to every song .	He thought it was the best concert ever .
Jack began dating Elizabeth .	Jack proposed to Elizabeth 6 months later .
I was awakened one night by a creaking floor board .	I shot up from the bed , fumbling for the bedside lamp .
John asked if reading any material would be effective .	John 's friend said that not all reading material was beneficial .
Even though I was only seven years old , I caught a huge flounder .	We had them filet it and prepare it for us .
Michelle was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong book .	They both laughed for a while and crammed extra hard .
Betty was nervous as she had never attended a classical music concert .	Both she and John were dressed in formal wear .
Janice wore her favorite purple dress to school .	She was excited to be the only girl with a fancy purple dress .
Eventually , Gary challenged his dad to a game of 1 on 1 .	His dad was shocked how much better Gary got !
We spent hours looking up at the stars .	Becca was so excited to see a shooting star .
Chad played his flute in the talent show .	He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy .
He was glad to see his kitchen finally cleaned .	But when he and his family had dinner , the kitchen became a mess .
They wake me up each day to let me know they want to eat breakfast .	If I do n't get out of bed quickly , they stand on my body and meow .
He decided to go to a computer store at the side of town .	He found a perfect one for a cheap price .
Mike 's dog was hungry .	He noticed he had run out of dog food .
The young woman was worried sick about her interview	She stayed up all night dreading the interview .
The went to the monkey enclosure at the zoo .	His son mocked , and ran along side the enclosure with the monkeys .
Bryan was running and realized his shoe had ripped .	Bryan was forced to go home and get his spare shoes .
He took a taxi to the train station .	He boarded a train bound for Albuquerque .
Billy hates doing homework .	His grades began to plummet .
As soon as she went it was packed .	Abby had fun with all the songs .
Larry raced after his basketball .	The river carried his basketball all the way down the stream .
Terry was riding one day and felt both wheels lose traction .	Terry looked at his tires and saw they had little tread .
She is always very well-kept .	One day she was walking into a store and saw a puddle .
While at the party she realized while pretty , her shoes hurt her feet .	Amy decided to sit in a corner and take of her shoes for awhile .
He woke up hours later .	He was laying in a puddle of his own blood .
But soon her stomach was cramping horribly !	Tia realized she should n't have drank the untreated water .
A farmer was plowing his field when his plow hit something .	The farmer thought he had hit a rock , so he needed to dig it out .
He found one that he really liked !	Jordan signed the lease for the new apartment .
Ana dug in the sand , and found that the sand would pile into shapes .	Ana made sand shapes until it was time to leave , and she was happy .
Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes .	Amy sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids .
The ticket agent said the show was sold out .	Jess found tickets available on craigslist .
The orthodontist told me not to chew gum .	I did n't care to listen to her .
Lisa was planning on eating leftovers for lunch .	All morning she was looking forward to her food .
Jim went to the beach .	He put his wallet in his swim trunks .
Her mother decided she deserved to be rewarded for her behavior .	Bella was surprised with a new doll .
Maurice prepares oatmeal for breakfast .	He spits out the first bite , wishing for bacon .
She called the hairsalon to make an appointment for the next day .	Petra was happy that the hairstylist could fix her hair .
I called the Otterbox company about my broken phone case .	I made my call after work Monday night .
The queen ant sent out messages to the army ants .	The army ants readied themselves and set out for the enemy hill .
Karen 's friends invited her out to a party .	She decided to sneak out of her window .
They spent the morning arguing .	Their mother made them go outside .
Tim had a fear of needles .	He decided to confront it by donating blood .
Jason loved toast and therefore worked at a company called Toast .	One day his job held a meeting for all of its employees .
My best friend got married and moved to Hawaii .	After a year , I decided to fly out and see him .
Aaron was a skater .	He was in the skate park skating in the afternoon .
Tim took his dog to the vet .	The vet gave Tim 's dog a shot .
Trisha was scarred on her face and ears .	Trisha ran away , vowing never to set foot in Mavis ' house again .
Dan built a pretty birdhouse to put in his backyard .	The next day there were many birds eating at his birdhouse .
As I neared the bottom I realized my brakes no longer worked .	As I neared the bottom I closed my eyes as I hit a stone bridge .
Anna liked the spotted one , but he was already adopted .	She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels .
He spent the entire afternoon picking apples .	He had a huge basket of apples at the end of the day .
Ollie was taking a bath .	He was playing around with the bubbles .
Then , the baby was born .	To their surprise it was actually a girl .
She want to miss work .	She called in and her boss was really mad .
Ellie 's mom wanted her to study harder , and graduate from high school .	Instead , Ellie went to the beach and surfed for hours .
Inside the trunk was several piece of gold from the Spanish Armada .	Franco became very rich when he sold the gold to a museum .
Arnold really liked to watch television .	His wife bought him a stationary bike and put it in the bedroom .
Len was almost done with his first short story .	He had sat down three hours ago .
He went to the department store and bought all he could afford .	At home he put them all away in his closet .
He wanted a snack .	Bart ended up eating most of his snacks .
Jim put all his things in a paper bag and left the house .	It rained and Jim tried to cover the bag .
So Katie worked hard and studied often .	She made a huge effort to improve her grades .
Brian always wanted to serve his country .	His family wanted him to go to college .
He cried and cried until someone noticed him way up there .	They called the fire department , and a truck came with a big ladder .
Timon loved to play hopscotch .	None of the neighborhood girls let him play .
And no one saw .	But later , he noticed that his friend bought nothing for lunch .
Angela invited Heather to her farm for the weekend .	When her dad was out , Angela sneaked the 3-wheeler key .
Susan was worried about how she would pay for her son 's tuition .	He was not big enough to get a sports scholarship .
Then he decided to make Lost Dog fliers .	While he hung fliers up , a lady saw one and told him she had Snowy !
In the evening Gio would work on his own business .	One night his business got a huge client .
Yesterday , George was going for a run through the Nature Preserve .	He saw several deer during his run .
She brought it home and kept it in her room on display .	Two days later it suddenly hatched !
She ordered the one thing she could afford off the list .	Overnight delivery got the package to the house on time !
She stole John 's homework and turned it in with her name on it .	The teacher knew that Lori had n't done that work .
Nina was afraid of moths .	One night there was a big moth in her room .
I was attending class one day .	Suddenly , we noticed that it began to snow very hard .
A park ranger saw this and yelled at him .	Eric ran off and hoped that he was not being chased .
Finally his chair is complete .	Fred feels satisfied and happy with his living room chair .
Colby was chosen to be on the team and was ready to play .	He went to his first game and scored twenty points .
Ryan was a generally rude person .	One day he went out to eat at a restaurant .
Jeff went downstairs to clean his saltwater fish tank .	There was a lot of algae growing on the back of the tank .
A kind cashier took him to the front and paged his mom .	Soon she showed up , and Ted was comforted !
He saw many great apes .	He started acting silly to try to get a reaction from the ape .
His dog swam in the pond to retrieve the ball .	Afterwards , Bob had to dry his dog with a towel .
The weather was beautiful and we had so much fun .	My brother and I swam in the ocean every day .
Tim decided to share .	They both ended up very happy .
The guests had a blast .	The girls could n't wait until next year .
Sam waited until she left the house and devoured it whole !	That day Sam gained a whole pound of salami weight !
We gave him nuts and seeds to eat .	As time went on we saw less and less of Skippy
The sedation doctor asked me a few questions .	Afterwards , he gave me some anesthesia to go to sleep .
He called in sick .	He ran into his boss at the movies .
They really enjoyed their food !	David 's girlfriend decided to make BBQ pulled pork at home .
She incorporated her spices into each cut of meat .	Her spiced sausages became legendary in her town !
Zeke wanted to become a pilot .	After high school he enrolled in a commercial pilot school .
After reading the books Chuck felt more confident .	Both Chuck and his wife have raised a very nice little girl !
Arriving home , she placed them in a large vase .	Ava was thrilled with her forest acquisition .
She had a salad first , so he started eating the chili before her .	He jumped up after the first bite for a glass of water .
Ben 's older sister ran away from home .	Ben 's parents spent months looking for her .
But one evening she learned a hard lesson .	She typed her name in Google to see if her facebook showed up .
So , I decided to do something about it .	I went to the big box pet store .
Sue and William were worried about their 7-year-old son , Kyle .	Kyle had been acting strange for a couple days , unlike his usual self .
Sam took his car in to get it fixed .	He was able to get the scratches buffed out for a small price .
His friends got started on their assignments , but Felix did not .	He thought he had lots of time , and did n't start until the day before .
Jacob was a street performer who used a plastic bucket as a drum .	His skills impressed many people on the street every day .
Her cousin took her to the beach to try her hand at surfing .	Kelly was afraid , but she agreed to give it a shot .
When he got home , he opened the container and began to eat it .	The pudding tasted funny , but Thomas continued to eat it anyway .
She was happy with the purchase .	She used it immediately .
One day , he left his house and saw that a new family moved next door .	He walked over and met a boy named Harry who was his same age .
Since then , he has been praying constantly .	He healed completely .
Gina was finally done enrolling in high school .	There were only 2 classes left for the day .
There was an abundance of freshly harvested vegetables .	We purchased spinach , broccoli , and yams .
Bay and his friends lived in a very poor neighborhood and had no toys .	They wanted to firm a baseball team , but none of them had equipment .
Fez followed him around the house and slept with him every night .	They were best buddies .
He had to take her to the vet to have them removed .	She never got near another porcupine again .
She was getting on the highway to go home .	But the traffic below made her think twice .
Larry decided to cheat .	He gave his dad a broken ping pong paddle to use .
He smokes six cigarettes a day , every single day .	He woke up today and decided he would quit .
He saw a horse that he really liked .	It had had a very unhappy life .
She waits for my wife to come home .	Today the cat sat in the living room with my wife .
They repeated the song several times and did worse every attempt .	He ended up dismissing the other instrument players .
The four friends domesticated the mustangs .	The friends rode the horses from mexico to canada .
Jack only made it to the curb , when he was stopped by another boy .	It was the small boy 's brother , who was not small at all .
At 5 o'clock I walked down the street toward my mail service .	A block away , a vicious snarling dog rounded the corner at me !
He went to his closet to get his favorite vacuum .	Billy got so into vacuuming that he lost track of time .
She began to sing for the entire school audience .	She started off on a good path .
So each night she started going to bed five minutes earlier .	She found it easier to make such a small change .
She went going on vacation .	Jane asked her friend to feed her bird for her .
I walked in closer to see what their whispering was all about .	I looked over a teenagers shoulder as she stared down at her phone .
She clutched her necklace and looked over the ocean contently .	Fearing no consequences , she romanced a boy of low class .
So he decided to order something to go .	Fred was annoyed how long the wait was .
Since she was late to work , she had to call her boss to cancel .	The traffic lasted for 1-2 hours .
When it was time to pay , he began digging through his bag .	He felt something wet and sticky inside .
He fought for a walk on spot on his team in college .	Eventually , he was starting and picking up first team honors .
I went to a concert for a band I love very much .	The room was very energetic .
Jane decided to talk to the mother of the Bully .	When she spoke to Val 's mom she seemed indifferent .
The iPod was dead , and it did n't look like he could fix it .	Jack was so frustrated that he threw the iPod away .
So she bought raw salmon .	But it had not been previously frozen .
Finn was walking his dog one day .	All of a sudden , two dogs came around the corner .
I was eating in a Japanese bar .	My friend suggested we try mochi for dessert .
Aileen found she could read a book in an hour .	Soon , Aileen ran out of library books to read .
Sal loved to go fishing .	Sal always wanted to catch a big fish but never did .
She was telling them to increase perfume sales .	She was disappointed in slow sales .
She waited all her life to get married .	She had bought the most beautiful dress .
Gus always loved Dalilah .	He thought she loved him back .
Rachel 's face felt very puffy one day .	So she went online and looked up a recipe to de-puff her face .
She went to every shopping mall she could think of .	The stores were so crowded it was hard to find good gifts .
My sister was my best friend .	One day she got sick and we took her to the hospital .
They had cream-filled cakes there .	I love those cakes .
Some kids placed bets on him .	Luckily , he did win on the crane game .
At the market , Lou carefully chose the very best quality ingredients .	Lou spent all day slowly cooking the meal to make sure it was perfect .
Eva was asked to sing the national anthem at her town 's parade .	She was honored , and accepted happily .
His grandfather 's possessions would be passed on to the grandchildren .	John now possesses his grandfather 's ring .
Unfortunately , the dog decided to pounce on Tom instead .	The dog 's owner did n't even apologize .
Her brother played piano well .	She asked her brother to teach her .
He stocked up on canned goods and additional resources .	A week later , the hurricane struck his city .
She stepped outside and headed towards the garbage bin .	When she opened it , a cat jumped out .
They bought tickets and were waiting in the stands .	Then , right in front of jason , the whale jumped out of the water !
It seemed to be going well until she fell asleep during her studying .	When she awoke the next morning , she was frantic .
Tom immediately called the exterminator .	The exterminator sprayed his entire home with insecticide .
Daniel had a crush on a girl , so he asked her to the movies .	That day he picked her up for the date .
I rocked so hard and had so much fun .	My friends and I love playing music together .
Samuel became irritated at his slow pace .	He yelled at the student to move faster .
He left to the park with his dog instead .	He had a great time and felt happy with his dog .
Alex then found he had no laundry soap .	He also noticed that there was a huge puddle under the washer .
She wondered for the millionth time why programming was so hard .	Pushing the textbook away from her , she rubbed her eyes wearily .
Annie took a trip to Florida to see her Dad .	They visited Magic Kingdom but Annie did n't have much fun .
He noticed an apple tree laden with fruit .	He stopped to pick the fruit and took some home .
When we got inside of the place , my friend 's brother called us .	He told us to hide .
The game was tied at 80	Joey 's team called a timeout to discuss the play
The boy was walking up the street .	He seen a dark item on the road .
It was their favorite vacation destination growing up .	They opened up a Flip Flop shops to make some money .
I was in the park one day .	I sat at a bench with a bag of stale bread .
He went to the dealership by himself .	When he got back to his house he had a sports car .
Jim was very thin .	So thin people wondered if he was anorexic .
The vending machine was broken .	The local restaurant was too far off .
She took all day getting ready and changed clothes at least 5 times .	Matt arrived right at 5 and took Sally out to dinner .
While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming .	They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited .
They decided not to go .	Everyone was mad that they backed out .
Horace cleans out all the old junk and papers from his closet .	When cleaning the papers , he comes across an old photo that he loved .
She decided she was going to tell her professor what happened .	The professor decided to not give her classmates credit for her work .
He brought everyone some baklava .	Nearly everyone was hesitant to try it at first .
When he threw the ball , it broke through a classroom window .	A teacher got hit in the heated by the football .
Ted was walking down the street with his earphone in his ear .	He bent over to tie his shoelaces .
When Michael went to get off on his exit it was closed .	He was sent on a detour and was twenty minutes late .
There was a little girl .	Her mom took her to gymnastics class .
She was doing very poorly !	In fact , Ella lost the game by over a hundred points !
To hide his blunder , Paul called Peter by the name Buddy .	Peter saw right through this and got annoyed .
He shopped around and got both , adding a eighty dollar bill monthly .	Mark called his mom to thank her for all she has done for him .
I began to eat my meal at the restaurant .	As soon as I turned away to pick up my napkin , someone ran .
Joe was playing blackjack .	He bet 200 dollars .
When Hank 's blood sugar does this , he becomes very irritable .	Therefore , it is important for him to be consistent with his care .
She was ashamed of her relatively un-prestigious job .	Having seen a lot of sitcoms , she decided to fake being a doctor .
That night , she found Joey in the tub with the plums .	He said he was turning them into prunes .
She was thinking about him as she walked down the sidewalk .	She picked up a penny she saw on the ground .
Tim hated fish .	He never ate whenever his dad cooked it .
The school made a large profit from the rate of the activity .	Elena , the treasurer ended up taking half of it to pay for her bills .
He hears screaming .	He called 911 but it was too late .
One day I saw mouse eating bread on the table .	I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom .
Kayla could n't wait to go horseback riding .	She had never been before .
Yesterday was a long day .	I was out doing errands for hours .
He told them that he can easily swing from the monkey bars .	His friend made a bet with him .
His parents were on vacation .	He thought he knew where he was going .
John spent three hours more , shining the boots .	John vowed never to disappoint his supervisor again .
Then she found one last burst of strength and speed .	Bay won first prize in the pie eating contest !
Joe spent the next three hours playing his new video game .	It was better than he thought it would be !
Dan was hungry .	He went to the kitchen to make a snack .
He looked at the ground coffee that he usually buys .	But he saw another brand on sale .
It pulled at his eyes and tempted him to rest his head at his desk .	He could feel its power getting stronger and stronger .
Tara made plans on going to the store for some .	She wrote it down on a list so they would n't forget .
If you 've eaten them you know they are rather tasty .	They were the favorite food of my friend Mack .
I told them that it might be some kind of placebo effect .	They looked up the scientific facts and showed them to me .
Julia was on a trip to the coast with her art class .	Every student was required to paint something from the trip .
She begged her mom to force her brother to scoot over .	She was upset when her mother forced her to sit in the middle .
She removed large objects from high shelves .	And she bought an emergency medical kit .
Public speaking was almost an area I struggled with .	In the beginning of the class , my presentations were horrid .
I backed away warily and went on my way .	She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died .
I did n't feel comfortable with all of this .	However , it was interesting seeing everyone 's emotions come out .
Mom suggests Simon bring his 3DS .	Simon plays Mario Kart the entire time he 's at Grandma 's .
None of them have yet to work out though .	As a last attempt Kristy tried online dating .
Bob 's dream was to be a soccer player .	His peers kept on telling him he would n't make it .
They thought he was a bad guy .	Then Ivy set up a meeting between her parents and Jason .
Arthur decided he wanted to make tea .	First , he set the kettle on to boil .
On the highway about halfway there , his tire blew on his car .	A passerby stopped to give him a ride to the nearest gas station .
He came upon a group of friends , and enjoyed their company .	Tre stopped by the store and bought a soda and some skittles .
Phil wanted to run a marathon .	Phil tried to run to prepare for the race .
I liked drinking soda .	But , it was too expensive .
Frankie and his friend Josh were playing Halo online .	The two were losing to the other team .
We were worried we would get sick .	He put it back in the oven and it came out fine .
When the teacher saw the dead butterfly , she dropped the card .	Jill brought the card home and kept it in a box of treasures .
It was late , and the hallway was dark .	She stepped on a hard , sharp toy .
He wanted to meet a new girl .	He got a match and started talking to her .
Lori was watching her aunt 's house .	She decided to borrow her new car .
He did 50 sit ups everyday .	David ended up very strong after 1 year .
All of the kids ran towards the table to eat out the food .	When I found the tray on the table , it was completely empty .
He drank a lot of beers and shots while he was out .	When they were leaving his friend asked him to drive .
Laura knew how Lydia felt about Eric .	Laura turned Eric down .
I was on vacation in colorado .	I went to the snowboarding hill .
The police pulled Michael to the side of the road .	When he took Michael 's license , he noticed that it 's outdated .
At first JD was devastated .	However , he soon realized he barely missed his ex-girlfriend .
I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste .	I began to brush my teeth .
Julia and Michelle deciding to go blueberry picking on a summer day .	They went to the closest berry farm .
They were still there watching her .	The knots in the wood showed no sign of stopping their constant gaze .
I decided to go in the attic to investigate .	It turns out my water heater was leaking .
I made 24 dozen marshmallows for the bake sale .	At the end of the night , the school told me they sold were sold out .
At the party he tries many cheeses , including some stinky cheese .	Although he had never tried stinky cheese before , he enjoyed it .
Curious , they brought it back to the university .	One of the professors started laughing .
The little boy brought his bike home .	He was not wearing his helmet .
The Finster family had planned their first trip to the beach .	Their daughter Lillian had never been .
She was eating lunch with friends .	Everyone had very healthy food .
Ethan was entered in a bike race .	He had bought a brand new bike for the race .
When he finished , her hands were a mess !	Bob realized he was pretty bad at nail-painting , after all .
However she only lasted a week .	It was too hard .
Tim started crying .	Jay gave him money for another hot dog .
He wrote about its causes and effects .	And Jim learned how to manage his stress better .
Finally he decided to just jump over the wall near his truck .	My dog , who had been out all along , bit him when he jumped the wall .
We burned a few cow parts .	But eventually she got the hang of it .
Tyson was very sad .	He decided he needed to pay better attention to his pets .
She decided to drive to the Apple Store .	Luckily she picked up a gold one .
It came out looking perfectly .	She shared pictures of her pie online .
Terry was excited to be going to watch a TV show live .	Her husband did n't tell her which one .
Abbey had so much fun that she hated to go home .	Abbey returned from her vacation with a new outlook on life .
She watched TV on Sunday .	Annie failed her test .
The park was doing night turtle watches during egg-laying season .	Everyone gathered at the ranger 's ' station for a lecture on turtles .
The steak was rotten !	Poor Tim had to return the steak to the grocery store .
He watched the firemen try to save the rest of his house .	Jed regretted he had n't just had a bowl of cereal .
So it destroyed him when he saw the white Bronco chase .	He always hoped he was innocent , but lost his idol through the drama .
I decided to take a long walk down the street .	As I started walking , I found $ 10 on the ground .
As soon as I got there it started to rainy .	I took cover but the storm would n't pass .
I found one that was refurbished and much cheaper .	I was able to get him a present that I could afford .
I went to dinner in Newton with my son this week .	I was pleased they had arancini , and ordered two plates .
We ate as much as we could but there was still leftovers .	We decided to donate the extras to a homeless shelter .
During lunch , she had her photo taken .	When the photos were done , she saw that hers had come out poorly .
Marge was at the home improvement store .	She was trying to choose a paint color for her house .
When he brought the box out her face looked panicked .	She told Jack she did n't want to marry him .
The couple 's cat jumped up on the bed .	The cat laid down and snuggled with the couple .
Larry studied hard every day .	Finally he was fluent in Italian .
Once the dress was on , he knew the dress was the one .	Chad 's daughter loved the dress as well .
However he could not afford the payments on it .	He decided to give people flying lessons for money .
Neil took a flight to the island of Cyprus .	There , he studied their culture .
I drove to the store and did my shopping .	I paid and drove home .
They got into an argument .	This lasted for months .
Jake loved jogging .	He went out every morning .
Danny was on a trip with his family .	They had just arrived at a hotel for the night .
He also picked up a second job to help pay the bills .	Fortunately , he was successful in paying off all of his debt in 1 year .
Tilly was visiting a farm .	She asked to milk the cow .
He wrote books and published articles online .	He did his best to teach others .
Tim had a pet frog .	He was playing with it on a sunny afternoon .
Her mom did not have anything to fix Mrs Molly , so she bought glue .	She hugged her mom when Mrs Molly was fixed because she was so happy .
Yesterday Lauren decided to go for a walk in the woods .	The woods are n't dense and are right behind her house .
I said that I loved her and wanted to go on a date .	Unfortunately , she told me that she 's homosexual .
Brett was having trouble seeing out of his eyes .	He went to a eye doctor and was told he needed surgery .
She finally woke up a few hours later .	She went inside her house .
He had just had a massive heart attack .	He was at home to die comfortably .
His mother refused because she had bills to pay .	Frank was very upset that he missed out on this trip .
The coach took his time with teaching her the basics .	Jennifer really enjoyed all the practice sessions .
Tom 's business decided to buy a franchised hotel .	Tom decided that the design and layout of the hotel was inefficient .
Tom 's parents had a new window installed .	But when Luke wanted to play basketball again , Tom was too scared .
He hated the peanut butter sandwiches she would make .	Lou left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it .
Thankfully he only gave her a warning .	Kelly new better next time .
Vivian wanted to be an artist .	Her parents said she had to go to medical school .
Abby started dating a boy from class .	Things were going great .
She collected a pail and shovel to clean up the inevitable .	Two hours later the cat was back with a big rat to lay at Mary 's feet .
The teacher spun crazy tales before getting down to work .	Word got back to the principal about the teacher 's method .
The bunny ate berries and fruit .	The bunny slept by the lake .
It has to be 10 pages long .	Joe has only written 1 page .
Mary had been taking care of the baby at night for the past week .	She needed her husband to take over for a night so she could sleep .
Kim wanted to wear her hair loose .	She took one of the braids down .
Today I built a fort with my Dad .	We started out with sticks and blankets .
Todd stayed in bed all day .	He took a vitamin supplement .
I was hiking through the desert .	I was on my way to get to a large canyon .
He took out some paint and began to create art .	Mike tried to make a tree but it did not look right .
When they were clean , he put them in the dryer on high .	The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small .
Amy and Jon wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together .	They scheduled a babysitter for their twins .
His old one barely worked .	He saved up money for a few weeks .
All of a sudden a bird pooped on his head .	Tom ran inside his house to clean up the mess .
She have been begging me to teach her , every since I purchased it .	She woke me up one day at 8am with the helmet and knee pads in hand .
Sarah was playing with her cat .	Her cat accidentally scratched her in the face .
Brownie is my dog .	She was born in the beginning of December .
Bill was upset to see the steak was overcooked .	Instead of complaining Bill simply ate the steak .
One time my parents took me to the beach and I seen lizards all over .	When I became a teenager my parents bought me a lizard .
Cam is back from Arizona to visit her friends and family .	She goes and visits some friends .
The prize for the raffle was a car .	She liked to fantasize about winning the car .
Despite her anxiety , she landed a bulls eye .	Fabian could n't replicate the same results and lost the game .
After putting it on , she climbed a couple of steps .	Her shoe fell out and she ended up falling .
I did my hair up and accessorized .	It was a great and fancy night .
Today was the day of the big rivalry .	Both teams were very good , they both had perfect records .
Greg stood on the deck of a wooden ship .	He lifted his harpoon and threw it with all of his might .
His wife surprised him with one on his 26th birthday .	Mike was thrilled and uses the camera every chance he gets .
They would have some drinks and food while playing .	One of Fernando 's friends said he wanted to play video games .
His friends wanted to come over .	Jim would n't let them .
I decided to go to a party .	It was late at night and I was sleepy .
He saw a building with kayaks in it .	He rented a kayak there and navigated the river .
Kelly decided to run a race with her friends .	At first she was doing well .
Tammy fell in love with a pair of heels at the mall .	They were perfect for the big dance coming up .
And she saw online videos of another artist drawing .	Kim was angry at how stiff and awkward the artist 's drawings were .
Max loves Linda !	Linda does not feel the same about Max .
Her lover gave her a beautiful fur coat .	Her husband became suspicious .
He watered and mowed his lawn on a regular basis .	George noticed after about a month that his lawn looked fantastic .
She ran out to the store and bought some medicine .	At home , she gave him some and he seemed to calm down a bit .
My friend Dan and I went to the park .	We hiked down into a canyon .
She practiced since she was 6 years old .	Her mom 's birthday was today .
He brought it to his room .	Then , he turned it upside down .
She proceeded to get her makeup done .	Unfortunately they screwed up .
Ben let her into bed with him to sleep safely .	Elsa felt better and was able to sleep soundly .
Every day Clark went fishing by himself .	One day , Clark saw a person sitting at his normal fishing spot .
They got into a rowboat .	Then , they paddled out to the middle of a lake .
He threw a huge pasta party for his team before the game .	His teammates thanked him for being so kind .
He got too close and slipped .	Sam fell into the water .
But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did .	Stacy still had a good time playing , and was on her way back inside .
He has play with many legends .	Buddy is celebrated and worshiped .
I bought a bag of jellybeans for Easter .	I hid the candy in a high cabinet so my children would n't eat them .
It was the day of the talent show .	Erica was nervously practicing her song hours before the show .
Shane and Kenny were playing a competitive game .	Kenny 's mouse 's batteries died at an inopportune time .
Kim was stressed out on a daily basis .	Her husband hired nanny to help his wife during the day .
She hired a coach to help her .	Rita can now serve without faults .
Tina then had her friends watch a movie .	By the time they went to bed , they were sugar high .
The bright moon reflected on the white sand causing it to seem like a day .	She could see everything easily .
The Footlocker store was 3 times the size of Payless .	Gina had a hard time choosing from so many options .
She is obsessed with them .	I buy her some whenever I can .
He walked back inside and grabbed his tools .	Ted went out to the mailbox and worked on it .
She portioned out the dish into separate , wrapped bowls .	Ronald stopped by and picked her up .
He called and asked her to dinner .	They decided on a restaurant .
He threw all the bread he had brought .	When he ran out , a goose approached him , honking .
She looked around for something that needed to be done .	Lorraine noticed that there was trash under her mama 's desk .
I realized when I got home later that day I left my sweater .	I had to rush back up there to see if someone had returned it .
A girl who did n't like her approached her .	The girl was coming towards Ali .
Grandma launched her seed a mere foot away .	Grandpa sent his flying a yard in front of him .
She bought specialty croissant doughnuts from Dunkin Donuts .	They are filled with chocolate .
One day , her cat went out to play and never returned .	Han was scared because tomorrow was moving day .
Michelle was an excellent computer programmer at her job .	Tuesday when Michelle returned to work she ran into her boss Sheila .
I managed to lose 20 pounds .	I ate a lot of food on Easter .
Marty helped him to his feet and walked with him to class .	The next day , the boy asked to sit with Marty at lunch .
He worked at it until he was a master taffy puller .	He presented his mother with a box of taffy he had made just for her .
She decided to take a bath .	She filled the tub with warm water .
I do n't know why so I asked her .	She yelled at me so loud it hurt my ears .
Finally he finds it easier to fall asleep .	Frank is very happy that he can sleep more easily .
He found one website that offered many tips .	After Jerry followed them , he started feeling a lot better .
Donald wanted to run for president .	He promised that he would be the best president there ever was .
Light rain began to fall from the sky .	The sniper readjusted his scope for the rain and waited some more .
Amy and Beth were fighting and no longer speaking .	Amy was upset with Beth for being dishonest and sneaky .
Bill went to class every day .	Bill had weird designs on his socks .
He saw an old farmhouse and decided to explore it .	He went inside the front door and it was so dark .
We ordered the tableside guac which was amazing .	We had some margaritas that were great too .
Terry enjoyed attending games of his favorite teams .	He would always go to his local stadium and watch them .
After a few minutes , the fish got caught on the hook .	It put up a large fight since it was trying to bite the line off .
He filled it to the top with rice .	Soon into cooking the rice cooker overflowed .
Tim bought a new Harp .	He let Meg borrow it .
She rubbed her eyes , hoping to dispel sleep .	Mom switched on the radio and lullabies gently wafted in the room .
Howard loved his job .	One day his boss asked him to stay over and work late .
To her surprise , it was n't too bad .	Anna decided to drink tea more often .
Out of spite , Meg said she caught the lice from a girl she despised .	Meg 's mom called the girl 's mother .
Tim was walking to school .	He accidentally dropped him lunch money .
He borrowed money to set up his merchandise .	Gary had a hard time getting any sales in the Summer .
One day , I dropped the bottle and it broke .	I had to spend a long time picking up the glass shards .
Jen wanted to grab a quick lunch .	She invited her friends to eat but nobody was available .
Eventually , I understood that it was not plausible that Santa existed .	After getting over it , I was able to enjoy Christmas again !
Ellen received a beautiful , helium-filled balloon for her birthday .	While getting in the car , it accidentally slipped out of her hands .
Nell 's mom headed to the store for school supplies .	Nell was excited for her mom to come home with her new crayons .
She had no way to go to another library .	She shared her problem with the librarian at her local library .
I rushed into the dentist since I was five minutes late .	The front desk worker had to reschedule my appointment .
She decided to throw a town festival to raise money .	No one was interested so she brought in farm animals to attract kids .
Len had an old window air conditioner he did n't use anymore .	Len helped Ron install it and the place became cool and comfortable .
She decided to ask her mother to buy it .	But her mom did n't want to spend any money .
Mark woke up on Monday morning with a terrible cold .	The worst part of Mark 's cold was his awful cough that would n't stop .
He went to the ATM to get $ 900 to pay for rent .	The machine displayed that he was 23 cents short .
Only one figure remained standing	The Black Swordsman , Guts .
We walked up and down several streets .	The kids collected a lot of candy throughout the night .
Breanna wants to lose some weight .	She decides to go jogging .
She received a call from Spelman College offering her a job .	So she dropped out of law school for an administration job .
It was clay !	They took it home and had a wonderful day making toys out of it .
By morning everything was blanketed in snow .	John was amazed at how fast things could change .
So he flew into the nearby country of Malaysia .	The beaches and forests there were even more beautiful !
He paced some more , until he stopped in the middle of the room .	Simon counted his fingers again , but there was no mistake about it .
Melvin did not have electricity where he lived .	Candles were used to illuminate the dark .
Albert was very excited .	He called up a Science magazine to talk to a reporter .
When she tripped , the drawers flew open .	Gina 's jewelry spilled out all over the floor .
He particularly liked caves with gemstones in the walls .	Derek became a park ranger at a cave system .
Sam 's dad purchased tickets to a local college basketball game .	Sam was so grateful and never forgot the wonderful gift .
Charles sued his mechanic because his prices were too high .	The court found out Charles ' mechanic marked up prices on parts .
A fish bit Jimmy 's line .	Jimmy lost control of his fishing rod and lost it in the water .
Lola 's dad was having an Easter egg hunt , and Lola was excited .	The one who found the most eggs would win a big basket of candy !
They had been to the movies and the mall .	They finally decided on ice skating .
Walking further into the house , Sam saw his hosts on the back patio .	Sam was shocked when he saw they were robots too !
We drove to the beach and parked the car .	It was a long walk to get to the water .
I am a violinist and have taken many orchestra auditions .	Three years ago I auditioned for the Kansas City Symphony .
His girlfriend said yello .	His best friend said blue .
I drove to the grocery store .	I recycled the cans and got money for it .
Before he could do anything , the skunked sprayed the dog .	Tommy and his brother spent the rest of the day washing him .
Tim wanted to go to the concert more than anything .	He tried to buy tickets but they were all sold out .
Bill was a competent software engineer .	Beth asked Bill how she could learn .
On facebook , a record company executive said it 's a lack of talent .	So Brandon posted a song and asked the executive for a chance .
An elementary school planned to have an earthquake drill after lunch .	When the drill began , students and teachers were given instructions .
She was due in a week .	She wanted to get married before the baby was born .
It was now 11 PM , and she and her siblings were hungry .	They searched the fridge for something to eat .
An error was made and I was born on December 3 .	Before my Fifth birthday , she changed the day on my birth certificate .
It turned out her and I were going to the same destination .	We became great friends that day .
I spent an hour staring at a problem that was confusing .	Since it was too complicated , I started to get a headache .
John had three horses .	They all stayed in stables behind his house .
Barney went on his first hunting trip .	His friends helped him find a good spot to hunt .
I could not find one on amazon or ebay .	I tried my local Chinatown , to no avail .
He decided to go to the trip .	Not only did he had a good time , but he got more out of it .
Tim tried , but was unable to get the kite off the ground .	His dad showed him how to run to get the kite in the air ,
Today she made six snowballs .	She threw and hit me with every single one .
He went fast around the corners .	He stopped on the street when he saw a turtle in road .
Jack was a marine .	He was deployed to a foreign country to keep the peace .
He had gotten detention for swearing in class .	James was grounded for a week .
He also added a few special effects to it .	In class , he was asked to go first .
I went to Chicago on vacation .	I was really excited to try some delicious pizza there .
Jenny needed some free time to write her book .	Her publisher was calling her asking when she was going to finish .
The tote proved to be considerably more difficult .	Lucy worked for hours sewing , ripping seams , and resewing .
Years later she finally had her own house .	When she went to retrieve them , they all smelled of mildew !
Lois hated math .	She did n't have a hard time with it , she just hated it .
She thought it would be easier to have a spare made secretly .	But she would have to get the original from her mom 's key chain .
Jeff was at a sandwich shop and called his friend Ike .	Jeff asked Ike if he wanted anything .
She treated herself to a big shopping trip to buy new clothes .	She gave all her old clothes away since they did n't fit now .
Terence laughed and turned around to walk away .	As he did , something hit him in the back of the head .
Ty wanted a pet for his birthday .	But his parents only handed him a little box as a gift .
Suddenly , he spotted a dog in the distance .	He ran after the dog and started dragging me instead !
At her appointment , the doctor confirmed the good news .	Sara was going to be a mom !
She saw Lou Gehrig and he looked so frail .	This was a week before he announced he had ALS .
She spent hours swimming at the beach .	At the end of the day , Sasha 's face and shoulders were very red .
Grady went tubing behind a boat .	The boat went very fast .
She walked by all the dogs .	She found a puppy that she liked .
A little purple flower was poking through .	Even though there was snow , the crocuses knew it was springtime .
Elizabeth likes to read novels .	Her apartment has very dim lights that are not good for reading .
Sam 's mom found the kitten while he was in school .	When Sam came home , the kitten was sleeping in a new pet bed .
They were at Jake 's house .	Jake ran and asked his mother if he could have one , .
On Christmas morning , Bob was n't very hopeful .	But there , under the tree , was a big new fish tank !
My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner .	This is one of my favorite meals .
Nick just became a personal trainer .	He was looking to take on clients to make some money .
All of his classic music collection was lost in the fire .	Mike was devastated for a long time about his loss of music .
Jasmine brought her friend , Jen .	They had a great time being at the front of the crowded concert .
After job hunting for a month , Emily got a job as a secretary .	The quiet office kept Emily refreshed and ready for home-life .
Miki visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her .	When her grandmother went home , Miki visited her every day .
As valedictorian , Jen could n't wait to give the graduation speech .	She wanted to make the speech memorable , even revolutionary .
The Wilsons got together every year to decorate the Christmas tree .	This year , Pa Wilson bought a huge 9 foot tree .
Gina would have to fend for herself .	She made a peanut butter sandwich and ate it with a handful of chips .
Tom was sent to prison without warning .	He was very confused about what happened .
Heather brought the cheesecake to work on Friday morning .	Everyone enjoyed eating the dessert Heather had made .
At the front door they said we could n't take photos .	I told them my phone camera was broken anyway .
He stopped eating processed foods .	He soon felt much better and changed his life for the better .
I took a long nap .	I got another headache watching my favorite drama .
It was getting in the way of his driving .	He did n't know how to fix it .
One day there was a knock at the door .	It was a man carrying her cat .
Christine 's eyesight was starting to become poor .	She did n't want to wear glasses though .
Billy had a favorite teddy bear when he was a kid .	Over the years he lost track of it and even forgot about it .
One day she did it anyway .	We spent the whole night in the Hospital .
They stopped to see how cheese was made .	But their favorite part was stopping at Ben and Jerry 's .
There use to be a white cat that greets me every day at my porch .	I would pet it and sometimes feed it .
Amy was heating her food in a microwave at work .	She put the timer on too high and the food was incredibly hot .
The teacher read the story to the class , wiping away tears .	A boy Becky admired snorted at the story .
I got the eggs out and put them in the pan .	To my surprise I forgot to add cooking spray .
She called off sick to work that day .	That day an airplane crashed into the building she worked at .
He finally got his chance .	It was a small promotion but worth the exposure .
We finished unpacking boxes while it continued to pour .	The next day we woke to a dull roar .
Anna was a professional trumpet player .	She got a new apartment in the city .
Peg realized she had to work overtime to afford a new bike .	Peg decided she liked her old bike better .
Tom listened to the radio on the way .	Tom enjoyed listening to NPR in the mornings .
It wanted to charge him five dollars per transaction .	He decided to go to a store instead .
She went to a bakery and picked out fancy macaroons .	She transferred the sweets from the box to her own platter .
I was talking to my neighbor this morning .	He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood .
This year they want to go somewhere else .	They voted on a new place and chose the beach .
Her mom told Ella she had to neaten up or she 'd be grounded .	Ella took the threat very seriously .
My connections thought I got a fancy new job .	I told them mTurk workers do not get paid much .
Reading up on it , he realized that he needed a better pillow .	He kept seeing this ad for a great pillow on TV .
She would find out where her mom bought it and let Gina know .	But 3 days later she still had n't told her .
Suddenly there was a crash in the hallway .	Simon jumped up , baseball bat in hand , to see what happened .
She looks in the fridge for milk .	There is no milk in the fridge so she ca n't eat her breakfast
When Al came out , his bike was gone !	Al looked up and down the street but did n't spot his bike .
The tutor came on a monday afternoon and sat down with Melanie .	After an hour of work , Melanie started to understand the problems .
Then one day Brad kicked his dog in front of a cop on the street .	The cop took Brad to jail !
They all had expired meters .	While writing a ticket , one man came out of the building infuriated .
His parents agreed , and he went to the fair with his allowance .	He used all ten dollars , but he finally won a bunny .
Freddy bought the truck immediately .	Freddy now cruises around town in his new truck .
His wife left him .	Afterward he lost his job because he was too emotional .
He put his resume together and applied for a park ranger position .	Now he can quit his old job and become a better park ranger .
Gina was watching a TV show about clones .	She thought the clones were really cool .
We hid in the bathroom until they stopped .	After the storm we saw a rainbow .
Kelly really wanted the new Chanel bag .	She begged her parents for it as a gift .
Jill was n't much of a gambler , but thought it was to good to pass up .	She rushed to the convenience store and bought dozens of tickets .
Jim had lost his book .	He searched his entire backpack , but it was n't there .
They start jumping and rolling around in euphoria .	I made the decision never to use Q Tips
One day on the playground other kids take the hijab off her head .	Lucy stands up for her and gets the hijab back .
I had to scrape away at it with steel wool .	By the time I went through two wool pads it was clean .
Harry works as a senior manager .	His company struggles to develop new products .
Lynn loved watching the traffic outside her window .	But her mom was upset , claiming Lynn wasted time daydreaming .
He went to Staples to purchase a new chair .	He found a chair with great back support .
Now there are a lot of leaves to rake .	His wife ordered him to clean the yard .
They wanted to see who could hold their breath the longest .	Mary won because she held hers from 25 seconds .
Joe hid the eggs .	The kids found them and had fun .
He loved making people laugh and wanted to do it forever .	His dad thought clown college was a joke .
Matt 's cats brought in lice .	There were too many in the house .
Ron was a perfectionist .	So he carefully planned out everything he did .
Lucy was a teenager who never found time to spend with her family .	She would rather go to the mall or movies with her friends .
At the diner there was a new menu for specials printed daily .	Jan the waitress looked it over quickly and tried to remember it .
Jamie was working on her computer when something bit her leg .	She got up to investigate and found a mosquito flying around her head .
Justin 's classmate was having a birthday .	He went with his mom and bought a gift .
She told me that she can sing well .	After I started the beat , she began to sing .
He reviewed all his notes .	Then he practiced essay writing .
Simon was sad because he did n't have any friends .	His parents thought a puppy might cheer him up .
She told her class children of the past were very similar to them .	The young ones of Pompeii played the Floor Is Lava game .
One day , she found a fixer upper for a young couple .	It was their first home and they loved it .
Bob put up reward posters all over the neighborhood .	Bob 's neighbor called him three days later to tell him he had his dog .
Kay and Beth wanted to go to the swap shop .	Neither had ever been and wanted to know what it was about .
Rob 's mother told him he was free to take a jar of old quarters .	Rob found three quarters from the early 1900 's .
Bob wanted to do something for his 40th birthday .	He decided to buy a brand new sports car for himself .
I decided that I should make a cake .	I did n't have flour for the cake !
I wanted something that was portable .	Thankfully I found one that was backlit .
Her current sofa was a dark brown color .	She really wanted a new red sofa .
They said they were all out .	Sam decided to get a burrito instead .
But he did n't know the big waves were in the middle of the ocean .	He flew to Florida .
Tammy in his bathroom while he showered was the final straw .	He went down to the court and took out a restraining order on her .
He studied the language for a year .	Lonny is now fluent in Tamil .
One day , he became sick with diarrhea , vomiting and rapid breathing .	Two days later , he died the same day as his vet appointment .
Tommy looked at all of the puppies .	He fell in love with a brown lab who liked to play .
He needed a new one .	He went to Office Depot .
So Cindy tried to accept being around the dog .	Before Cindy left Beth 's house , Cindy 's finger was bit .
She was found playing in the kid 's playground after hours .	It 's normally not a big deal .
He cooked them with some onions and mushrooms .	Mark ate dinner with his family .
Kate was a contestant on Survivor .	When her loved one came they played in a challenge .
John always went early in the morning , but he always failed .	Upset with himself , John decided to change his ways .
He was about to toss it into the recycling bin , when he paused .	He felt like he should double check , so he opened it up .
When they 're gone she uses a hose to get dirt off her porch .	After she is complete , Sarah feels happy .
Todd took his dog to the beach .	The dog ran around and smelled everything .
I decided to build a bridge out of dead wood .	I started to cross the bridge .
Today was Claire 's first exam at college .	She was very nervous .
I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped .	I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement .
He decided to call a plumber .	The plumber gave Bob an estimate .
Ronnie 's daughter liked the new friend so much she shared with her .	Ronnie was relieved that the problem had solved itself .
When a gory scene came on screen , the date threw up in Doug 's lab .	They left the theater and Doug drove the girl straight home .
I needed to get my nails done .	The nail artist painted them purple .
I learned a lot of new terms .	I did quite a few tasks .
Suddenly , she spotted a very strange looking animal .	She wondered what was wrong with that horse .
Monica likes to cook .	Yesterday she decided to bake a cake .
Unfortunately , she completely tore them .	I had to buy a new set of curtains .
She watched the drawings on TV that night , excited .	The large jackpot was a million , and she did n't get it .
The staff were friendly and helpful .	The course was in amazing shape .
Lisa met her friend Eric while running in the park .	They would see each other a few times a week .
Mary was watching a movie .	Her cat walked up to her foot .
When the judges arrived they all had high praise for his project .	Mark was thrilled when it was announced he was the first prize winner !
After the third beer I really felt alive with ideas .	I wrote my essay in record time .
This caused his car to slide clear off of the road and into a ditch .	The impact caused a tree to fall right on top of the car .
Ellie loves to restore old furniture .	She is at an estate sale looking at a dresser .
She decided to buy a new one .	She did n't see any she liked .
He boiled the water and steeped the tea bags .	Once he filled the jug with everything he set it aside on the counter .
One day , Dan let his dog out in the back yard .	He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was .
He decided to buy a notepad .	Now , Harry was much better at remembering things .
I felt a hole in my life .	I decided to accept religion .
He entered the stadium and found his seat .	As the game commenced he realized he was in the zone for fly balls .
He heads to a thrift store and finds some classic cards .	He purchases them and restores them .
The raven could only say one word though .	The word the raven could say was 'Nevermore ' .
She started her own book club in the university center .	They had great discussions and Fran really enjoyed herself .
I found the cutest dog in the place .	My parents let me keep her .
She was in her room alone .	On the ceiling , she noticed several dozen baby spiders .
He was very hungry because he did not eat lunch that day .	He decided to make himself a snack .
My car stopped on the highway , as my car had ran out of gas !	I had to wait 30 minutes , in the dark for my roadside assistance .
The lady tried to calm Lucy as she began crying harder .	The nice lady just smiled and drove to a police station .
Denise had a dream to become a dancer .	Her mom was practical and did n't want Denise to become a dance .
Remy wanted a carrot cake for her birthday .	But instead she got a chocolate cake .
He took her to her favorite Italian restaurant yesterday .	During their meal they were very happy and flirtatious .
Mary notices someone following her home .	She immediately goes of course .
Suddenly , she bumped the cup and it spilled .	The juice went all over her mom 's antique table cloth .
Frustrated , Barbara called him an idiot and stormed out .	Barbara realized she had been cruel , and went back to apologize .
Jenny decides to buy some kale and cook it at home .	She decides that kale is bitter and disgusting .
The artist agreed , and Pat snapped a photograph of her with the ice .	The next morning they read that someone had sabotaged the sculptures .
The name of his mother was on it .	He was curious to see what was in it .
Finally Aaron ordered a cup of green tea at a restaurant .	He was amazed at how delicious the green tea tasted .
Timmy had to renew his driver 's license .	He went to his local DMV .
Ben had a spat with his best friend .	They did not speak for weeks .
Charlie and his friend went inside after playing with the dog .	Charlie forgot his bag outside and the dog ate all of his candy !
Her dad thought he had gotten away from the kids .	Till they threw a bucket of water on his back .
She kept practicing until she got the motion down .	Alice kicked the corner in the game that led to the winning header .
He knew he would enjoy being back home .	He was worried about one thing , though .
She needed a bouquet , fast !	Her neighbor offered Sara roses from his garden .
I steal salt and pepper packets from restaurants .	I fill my home salt and pepper shakers with stolen condiment packets .
One day , they got in a fight .	Molly threw a toy .
Before he knew it he had drank too much .	Tim lost decision making abilities and drove home drunk .
She wanted to rent a cabin but did not know where to find options .	Lois and her husband went to the lake home and cabin show .
But his true passion is music .	Everybody thinks Bill is crazy to give up football to play music .
John got on a plane and flew to Mount Everest .	John successfully reached the summit .
Javier noticed that he was developing dandruff .	He was not sure what was causing his dandruff .
One day Dave asked me out for lunch .	I accepted and he raped me .
She was used to this from regular people , but not little people !	She dumped her little friends and made new regular sized friends .
He wanted a pair of running shoes .	The pair he wanted was very expensive .
When the game was done , they realized that it 's morning time .	Zach quickly took a shower and got ready for work .
A group of friends went to a restaurant .	They heard good things about it and decided to give it a try .
Ronald bowls very well .	He is happy that he found something to do with his friends .
One year Universal was closed for renovations , so they went to Disney .	They had a great time on all the rides at Disney World .
Bill checked the news and saw a tornado warning on all channels .	He took his family into their basement with supplies .
They went to the mall .	The piercer did it quickly and easily .
Marco really wanted a new puppy .	He asked his mom and dad for one , and they said yes !
It is even more boring and painful than he had expected !	However , Quentin is happy to be done with taxes for another year .
Jake wanted to be a famous rapper .	He made recordings of himself rapping in his basement .
But he realized he was out of pancake mix .	Sam 's friend called inviting him to IHOP for breakfast .
Tyler loved to run and worked very hard .	He ran after school .
An angry man informed Amy the bus was broken .	Amy returned home rather than wait 2 hours for a new bus .
Ed is a school bus driver .	He has been doing this job for forty Year 's .
He wondered if he could keep up with the times .	Orson decided to retire .
Finally he met a girl who would go to the wedding with him .	The wedding day came and she would n't answer her phone .
He quickly realized that she was amazing .	Frank asked her out on a date .
It was Carl 's first day of middle school .	And after every class , he got more and more books to carry .
Lulu was on her way at the airport to Florida .	She ran through the terminals .
Katy had never eaten lobster before so she tried it that day .	She finished her meal and then she began to itch all over her body .
He heard sirens as he crawled down the hall to his sister 's room .	Together , they escaped the fire and found their relieved parents .
It was embarrassing because I never got in trouble before .	I took the slip to my mom for her to sign .
She did n't have enough money to pay for it , though .	She offered the seller a lesser amount , and he accepted it !
He had never been on a plane before .	The thought of flying scared him .
She looked online and saw a tutorial to make a pond with an old tire .	Wanda followed the guide and happily enjoyed her new pond .
My cats chewed through my headphone cords .	I decided to buy new headphones .
She was very excited as they went into the pet store .	Jessica picked out a pretty black and white kitten with blue eyes .
The self checkouts had the shortest lines .	We paid for our groceries and were on our way .
Jane was out of hairspray one morning .	She ran to her daughter 's room and grabbed a bottle .
Grandma came to pick me up today .	She was taking me out with her to play .
It was the end of the month for Lara 's magazine .	She was getting upset because she loved that magazine .
Sarah wants a nice meal for dinner .	Sarah decides to go get seafood .
Kelly got a balloon at the dentist yesterday .	It was red and round .
Eli predicted the stock market trends on a lark .	When every prediction came true his friends were in awe .
I drove to the airport to go to Puerto Rico .	When I arrived the flight was delayed because of a storm .
Unfortunately , she was very busy at work .	On the weekend she was finally able to go to the restaurant .
There were no copies on the shelf .	She asked the cashier , hoping there was a copy in the return slot .
The other one got left out for a year until it expired .	Andy got sick again , found this old medication , and took some .
John told Tim that he could n't help him right now .	John was busy playing video games .
Paul did n't want to go to school today .	He pretended to be sick .
A man bought a label maker and began to label everything he owned .	He then charged admission for ESL student to come and study his house .
Sadly , she lost touch with him when she went broke .	Susan still hopes her prince will find her again someday .
Mid-way through the alley a man with a knife demanded my wallet .	I handed him my wallet and he ran away .
Carl had a gambling problem .	He knew he had to stop , but he just could n't .
Sam had a crush on a shy girl at work .	He told the girl she was pretty and smart .
My friend invited me to play rugby .	I accepted his invitation .
We bought a 6 foot fake palm tree that we decorated with seashells .	This tree is a real hit on facebook to the people back home !
Riley had always loved to teach and tutor other people .	His family told him that he would be a naturally good teacher .
In the desert of New Mexico there are lots of nasty critters .	I was taught to be careful of rattlesnakes and scorpions .
Monica did n't want to wait but knew her daughter would be upset .	Finally she decided to just suck it up and wait .
Tom was thinking of a question to ask .	He raised his hand .
Cindy bragged to her brother about how well she had done at bowling .	She had surpassed the best score he had ever gotten !
He was supposed to put them away when he was done .	His mom found them on Sunday , blowing around the yard .
He went to his doctor to discuss the problem .	His doctor told him that he needed surgery to fix the problem .
Frank spread the wet clothes evenly in the machine .	The machine began running smoothly and quietly .
I love eating pasta .	Pasta is my favorite dish .
I emptied all of the clothes .	There was a half eaten piece of cheese at the bottom of the pile .
Alan was so thirsty .	He had no soda or juice !
She decided to join a workforce center to seek out options .	The center had school funds available to those who qualified for it .
She decided to get a straightening treatment .	When it was done it was great .
He started looking for a new provider .	He found a great deal and bought it .
Guy saw that the boat needed major work to make it seaworthy .	He took notes of all of the problems on the boat .
Blaine racked up a large amount of debt .	Blaine then declared bankruptcy .
Jason has been lonely for many Year 's .	Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend .
They watched it .	By the time it was over , everyone clapped .
Another drop of water landed on his head .	Sam looked up and saw a leak in the ceiling .
Ava was at a slumber party .	The kids started playing truth or dare .
He chemically diluted it and began experimenting with it .	As he was working with it , he pricked his finger with a needle .
Thao needed to do a school project on dinosaurs .	She put off doing her research until day before the project was due .
He came out to his parents first .	They were fine with it .
They stayed mad all night .	The next morning Sarah felt bad and went to Allies house to apologize .
I spent hours giving them directions such as where to work .	However , one of the workers started to become drowsy .
Cheesecake was the fortitude of these conversations .	Each night ended with a slice and a hug .
His dad decided to give him extra allowance if he did more chores .	Chris did the chores he was asked to do .
Gina liked Jamie , but he was popular and had lots of friends .	Now he had broken his leg .
It had been closed for health code violations .	Now Stanley eats hamburgers every Wednesday .
In the Spring she will sometimes wear a coat .	But the next winter she thinks she does not need one .
The entire Morgan Memorial building was on fire .	We could see flames everywhere .
Tara was eating ice cream by the beach .	All of a sudden , a seagull scooped her ice cream out of her hand .
The bowl dropped on her toe .	Kelly had to stop .
Margo liked to smoke .	She hid this from everyone she knew .
The day before the competition she fell at school .	Cara was in a lot of pain so she went to the office .
The girls were canoeing a local river .	Cassie had a really hard time with the paddles .
But the weak legs of the desk collapsed .	Now the light bulb and desk were broken too .
It was so spicy that they cried through the whole meal .	But they had no regrets .
Hillary and her husband went to a restaurant by the sea .	A waiter walked over and took their order .
Several friends came over and they lit some candles .	They held hands and tried to summon some spirits .
He returned to strain the spaghetti but everything stuck to the pot .	He forgot to stir the spaghetti noodles and dinner was ruined .
One of my guilty pleasures is watching reality tv .	Yesterday I felt lazy and decided to stay in all day .
She shouted at me because the song was terrible .	Then , she told me I got her pregnant on accident .
Because of this , her grandparents bought her a butterfly net .	She hunted and caught the butterflies to put them in a jar .
His stomach was upset .	He ran to the bathroom .
Suze whispered in Jeff 's ear a string of commands .	Jeff stormed out , never to be seen again while Suze enjoyed the quiet .
Becky bought new shoes .	She loved the way they looked .
It had no tag to identify its owner .	He took it home and saw what was on it .
Her mom requested full custody .	The judge granted the request .
Daniel left his money in his room .	The store owner gave Daniel a bag of chips .
At the village , India got to eat local foods with the natives .	In addition , India 's got to fulfill her dream of going inside an Igloo .
I remember the airbag deploying .	The next thing I remember was the paramedics pulling me out of the car
Darrin wanted to start a record label but did n't know what to call it .	He tried several names but they were all taken .
She has placed it in different places .	She has put small items under some of the legs .
One day she walked to the store and met a guy .	He flirted with her .
She pulled off the lid and let out a squeal of delight .	`` A puppy '' she squeaked excitedly reaching into the box .
Mary 's friend fell into the water .	Mary pulled her friend out of the water .
An archeologist was studying some old ruins .	His team discovered an old tunnel and decided to explore it .
She over an hour and thought of leaving .	But then she saw a group of dolphins leap out of the ocean .
He refused to stop and ask for directions .	By the time we finally found the sale the lamp was already sold .
Bree and her friends were playing on her trampoline .	They decided to try jumping on it from the roof .
She loaded her cart , picturing the weight she 'd lose .	After a month of fat-free food , Emmy got on the scale .
She never gets far and I think that makes her unhappy .	Today after I put up our artificial Christmas Tree I heard a noise .
She did it by bribing him with treats .	The puppy quickly learned to shake .
He climbed his ladder and draped them up there .	Then he climbed down and surveyed his work .
He usually sits alone , but today a nice lady sat next to him .	They chatted about their jobs and homes .
Maria needed money for gas to get there .	Maria made her friends each give her five bucks for gas .
Last night was my violin concert .	I was nervous to get onstage .
Shay loved to read , and she was always buried in a book .	Her mom suggested Shay become a writer .
They hung out everyday .	Lewis asked her out .
Drita 's husband was locked up in jail .	She was awaiting him getting out soon .
Johnny needed to buy new basketball shoes for his basketball league .	He went to the mall to look for a pair .
The report said they were proud to have sent a man to Saturn .	Mark was amazed at the deceit practiced by this regime .
When it came time for the promotion Larry did n't get it .	He was devastated .
The pain grew excruciating .	She almost gave in , but she managed to resist .
We decided to put our money together and get her the tablet .	Excited , we gave her the gift .
I tried to swat it with my arm .	The bee buzzed and stung me on the arm .
Everytime I leave the house Shiloh misses me very much .	When I return home she greets me with a smile and wagging tail .
There , he ordered his favorite coffee drink , an iced caramel latte .	He sat down to read a book , and he saw a man with the same book .
They went to the theater , and the museum .	After 3 days Beth left and returned home .
His house ended up being fine	Danny was relieved
Matt got the drinks for his very first customers .	Matt slipped on the floor right in front of his table .
Her family wanted to move her into a retirement home .	Hattie moved into the new place but was very upset about it .
He read the questions out loud as they scribbled down their answers .	He then collected the papers to grade that night .
A man drove his car on an open road .	He saw something fall from the sky .
She put a tarantula in a box of chocolates .	When they met up , mandy handed billy the chocolate box .
His pants no longer fit him very well .	Instead of buying new pants , Marco buys a belt so his pants fit .
He was in the waiting room with some other auditioners .	Suddenly , a fight broke out between some of the guys .
Except , Jacob did n't propose during a break in the game .	Some people booed , because Jacob was distracting them from the game .
One day a boy was digging and found a very old pair of glasses .	He took it to the office , and they put it in the lost and found .
Ed and Sam were playing a video game together .	They tried to kill zombies , but they always ended up losing the game .
It even starts to come out in the shower .	So he goes to a hair doctor .
Although I felt unappreciated , I held my own ground .	I walked back to the table .
She always hoped it would be filled with candy and such .	This time it was filled with all of her favorite things .
One night it was close to sunset and we decided to come in .	The motor died so we had to paddle over one mile back to shore .
We went to Hawaii on our honeymoon .	Although it was a long flight , it was tolerable by flying first class .
However , when he gets to graduate school , he feels great .	Bill is proud that he will soon have a master 's degree .
Since she liked school , Abby usually got good grades .	But Abby had the ACT coming up and she was very nervous .
They had a lot of fun during the shoot .	After they were done , the couple promised to leave a positive review .
As he was watching the football game his dog knocked over his TV .	The TV broken in a million pieces .
Christmas was coming and there were presents to buy .	Hannah found a company that would pay her for secret shopping trips .
He ran through all of his search tools once more .	No hits were found .
He began to become addicted .	His friends noticed .
His father rolled his eyes and told James to stop being a girl .	Eventually , James stopped his weather forecasts .
Finally she sat down and went to take it .	To her surprise it was not that bad .
He had limited time to do this , as he wanted happy customers .	Terry efficiently had them all ready for one visit to the post office .
Then she calmed down .	She had had a nightmare , that was all .
The kite flew away .	Her father reprimanded her severely over it .
On the way home , her and her husband were nervous .	They walked into their house and were even scared to drop her .
His friend got out his motorcycle .	The two of them rode together for hours .
It hit my front right wheel .	I stopped to see what it was .
I did a lot of mTurk work for Corbis .	Corbis showed 40 photos .
Jill 's mom sent her into the donut shop to buy a dozen .	She selected 12 donuts .
Samia wanted a dog .	Latoya wanted a fish .
Tom was running late to his doctor 's appointment .	He was stuck in traffic .
One day a man came in .	He was very hungry .
Cammie was out at the store .	She was coming home when she saw a commotion on her street .
My wife and I had to seal up the windows	The room got better after we sealed the windows .
Kathy and her husband went on vacation .	They loved the outdoors .
The bombs went off .	I have not seen anymore roaches .
Steve invited Joe to accompany him during a practice flight .	Joe and Steve took off in Steve 's tiny practice prop plane .
However to her dismay , Stacey had the same bag .	Tina was very upset .
The rest of the family decided to hand out their presents .	My mom also asked Elena about the gift she bought for me .
When the door was open , a bird flew in .	The bird freaked out and began flying all over .
My friend Jason was taking flying lessons .	One pretty Saturday he invited me to go up with him on a flight .
Carla talked Michael into visiting the zoo two times .	The second time they were there a jaguar escaped its enclosure .
No matter how fast I went they kept chasing .	I had to run to my car and drive away from the darn ducks .
Dawn told her to stop drinking sodas .	Stacy lost 5 pounds in a week after giving up on drinking soda .
Hallie decided , that maybe a trip to Miami would lift her spirits .	As Hallie arrived , she was greeted by her family and friends .
She was not happy to have to pay $ 3 for parking .	In the store everything was more expensive than the store by her home .
The other beauty store does not know what she is talking about .	Grandma does n't know what to do , she hates messy hair .
I suddenly felt very hungry .	I got up to find a snack .
Jessie was about to go to summer camp .	First , his mom had to drive him to the bus stop to catch the camp bus .
He fell during practice and hurt his knee .	Scott was so disappointed that he could n't play .
Conrad has never worn one before , but he finds that he loves it .	He is very happy to have a scarf for the cold weather .
He screams in delight when he sees one particular comic .	He tells Bill that the book is worth 100k !
He called Danny back .	He asked him to pick up some wine too .
Jessica takes up running in order to lose some weight .	She hires a coach to help her begin the process .
I tried to find my way around but the crowds of people were in the way	The airport also had many twists and turns .
Marsha complained to her co-workers about her assignment .	One of her co-workers reported Marsha to the supervisors .
Kevin wrote his crush love letters often .	He never got the courage to give her any .
After she was done , she admired her work .	Then her dog trampled her newly planted flowers .
Typically , there would be an artist , programmer , and many more people .	The progress is slow , but it is also steady .
My brother ate a lot of fried bread .	He wanted to get on the roller coaster .
His friends arrived in the early morning .	Alfred and friends rented a boat to go fishing .
After the movie , they were bored .	They realized that they could just walk into another movie .
Rudy did a great job in a difficult situation .	All his peers praised and accepted him .
Too shy to ask her out , he sought out alternative means .	He purchased a love potion from an online vendor .
Cathy was on the hunt for a brand new car .	Nothing was just so perfect for Cathy to ride in .
Boris had never ironed his clothing .	His mother would do it for him .
Then , it was time to perform .	He did a good job and almost won .
I had made sure before I started that I had enough yarn .	Halfway through the sweater , I realized I was out of yarn .
He fantasized about how grateful she would be for his protection .	The only snag was , she did n't know she had it .
The book said a man 's quality of life is determined by sociability .	He decided to go out of his way to meet new people , he became happier .
She got everything ready for it .	She could n't believe she was getting it .
He friends played to rough for him .	They often hurt him by tackling him .
They were from his grandmother .	They looked terrible but he pretended to like them .
As I child , I liked to dig holes .	I enlisted the help of my sister to dig in a sandbox .
It was much higher than she had thought .	Mel suddenly loved her summer job !
Amy and Beth walked into Ella 's party trying to look cool .	There were a lot of people they did n't know .
I was always one of the last students to finish the mile .	When I got older I decided to train myself to run a mile faster .
Somehow , she missed the pot and sauce spilled across the stove top .	Judith quickly wiped the sauce up but it was all ruined .
It 's a guy named Dr Pimple Popper and it is exactly as it sounds .	I learned two things , she is twisted and I ca n't eat alfredo anymore .
Spot died suddenly after a month .	My daughter was very sad about losing Spot .
We bought candy and watched the movie during the afternoon .	Afterward , we discussed the movie .
He would go on long rides on the weekend .	One day he got hit by a truck while on his bike .
Suddenly , she felt faint .	She collapsed and her friends surrounded her .
It was a hot and sunny day out .	Jimmy was playing basketball outside .
One time she caught me peeking .	I was really embarrassed and ashamed .
She tried to pull it out but it was too slippery .	Finally she tied some dental floss around it .
A car hit him from the side .	He was n't hurt that bad .
When she was at a friend 's house , her mother served a delicious dip .	She ate it all up without asking what it was .
When he bored of drawing on the paper , he started drawing elsewhere .	He drew on the crib as well as himself .
When they arrived to the place , Janie was disappointed .	The people were offbeat and seemed to not know salsa at all .
Because of this she decided to get a lock .	She ended up getting a fingerprint lock .
John finished the book and submitted it to his publisher .	His book was named to the bestseller list .
Amy informed the caller there was no supervisor .	The caller was even more irate than before .
Joyce waved to her but received no response .	At school the next day , Joyce asked Jill why she did n't wave back .
Chad decided he would surprise his friend with a song tribute .	Chad picked out what he thought was the perfect song .
Molly insisted on getting them anyway .	After three days , Molly had blisters all over her feet !
She picked Germany to study first .	She signed up for a class to learn German .
So she asks him if he 's having an affair .	He denies the affair but asks for a divorce .
Some thugs came running toward Henry .	He tried to run , but was n't fast enough .
However they had other plans .	They decided to bail on their other plans .
Amy challenged her sister to a contest .	Whoever could drink the most milk in an hour would win .
I told her that what he did n't know would n't hurt him .	She responded by slapping me right across the face !
He notices there is a band aid in his chili !	He runs into the store and asks for a new chili bowl .
They loved seeing all of the animals .	The one thing they did n't like was the shark tunnel .
He also did n't particularly want to !	But his friends wanted to go to a restaurant that served food live .
I got up and crept into my brother 's room to see if he was awake .	The noise was him , practicing new dance moves .
So when a new girl at school challenged him to a race he just laughed .	He knew he could beat her easily so he agreed .
Kelly and her family were about to put up the Christmas Tree .	Her father got a fake tree and the three of them put it up .
Milly decided she was going to take her cat for a walk .	Dogs went for walks all the time , so cats should have the chance , too .
Frannie was on a flight .	She had a cup of ginger-ale in her lap .
When it came out weeks later , she was so upset .	Her hair looked horrible in the photo .
Samantha picked out the noodles she wanted to used and bought them .	Then she drove back to her house .
So Roxy decides to cut 10 inches off all by herself .	Her hair is now to her hips .
I had never been to one before .	I was nervous but excited .
It was amazing how well they were trained .	They were huge scary animals , but the trainers did a good job .
After a long time , she started to get better .	Eventually she was the best on the team !
Anna could not swim .	She decided it was time to learn .
He went to the store to pick up supplies for it .	Tim knew how to put those supplies together .
One day he went on a field trip to an animal center .	He saw the most beautiful cat there .
He tried to take him down but it did n't work .	Bob told his brother he should join the team at school .
Sam walked into the kitchen .	He noticed a toy figure on the counter .
Two old men played chess on Fridays .	The chess was good but the talks were better , such is friendship .
Allan 's dog started chasing a neighbor 's cat .	He chased the cat into the busy street !
The teacher talked about colors , brushes , and different canvases .	Sophie could n't wait for the rest of her class .
Desi wanted her own aquarium very badly .	She knew nothing about fish , but she began to research .
Laura owned a flower shop .	Every other day a man would come in looking for fruit .
He decides to ride the biggest roller coaster at the park .	He is terrified at first , but loves the adrenaline rush .
Brooke and Whit were supposed to meet for dinner .	Whit waited and waited .
She was getting ready to do her talent .	As she was stretching , she heard a loud noise .
She painted white primer on the walls .	After a few hours , she painted on the new colored paint .
He was doing well for a while but he began to act weird .	Everyone knows AA is a strange cult , but we did n't expect the results .
I tried to fix them but it was no use .	I had to go to the shop to buy new headphones .
Kids gathered around Steve , who was full of scrapes .	They loaded Steve in a wheelbarrow and pushed him home .
I called Centurylink to get internet .	The person on the phone asked for my information .
He could n't remember the last time he had a tetanus shot .	He went to the clinic to get one to keep himself safe .
Jakub had hoped to spend his entire life living in America .	After studying engineering he got a great job at a local company .
Zach and his wife recently got divorced .	To his friends surprise , he already remarried .
He was in great need of money , so he considered keeping the wallet .	Instead , he turned the wallet over to the police .
She stormed out of the house and drove away .	After a few hours , I began to get concerned .
Heather was home from college .	She decided to take a walk in her neighborhood .
The next day she realized all the clothes he washed were now pink .	She vowed never to let him do laundry again .
Carol had a long day at work and was tired .	Instead of cooking , she decided to order pizza for her family .
He did not have $ 40,000 for the loans .	Jeff decided to win the money at the casino .
Jake got really sick last week .	He went to the doctor for a physical .
Soon her cravings got fewer and milder .	After a few weeks she did not even miss carbs at all !
Cal was half-awake as he stumbled into his kitchen .	He 'd started a pot of coffee which was now done .
On the way her car ran out of gas .	Amy 's father was furious he had to bring her gas .
His brother loved comic books , and Brad wanted to get him one .	He asked the comic book store employee for a first edition .
His mommy took him to the doctor .	Timmy was scared , but he stayed brave .
One Friday after Joanne got out of school they got to work .	They baked cookies all afternoon .
My buddy told me to put ice on it to keep it from swelling .	I probably should 've listened because today it 's swelled up .
Many young Americans are choosing to vote for the first time .	The candidates are vying for their votes through advertisements .
He found a toy .	The boy played with that toy all day .
It was their wedding anniversary .	They both had never been to a studio tour .
He called his cake the Mean Green Worm Machine .	Nancy , from a spice company , looked over the cakes .
Yesterday I went out shopping .	I was looking for a new lipstick color .
Gina began yelling out the window at the kids .	She wanted them to wait , but they kept walking as she yelled at them .
When I got home I instantly had to take him back .	I had a pet rat for less than one hour .
He looked at the kitten and tried to evaluate it .	Then , he settled on the name `` furry '' .
I could n't believe it when my niece decided to name her baby that .	Magdalena is a beautiful baby .
Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better .	Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations .
Her friend told her there was a great club that met on Sunday morning .	Em was torn : it sounded fun , but should she miss church ?
I hate police because they kill young people .	I checked the newspapers and another young person was killed .
Tom had possession of the ball .	The shot clock was running out , but he decided to move slowly .
Jim was out fishing with his son Todd .	They were fishing for salmon in their backyard .
Jessica decided to file for a divorce .	Paul and Jessica finally went their separate ways .
We tried fiber gummy bears and miralax .	But nothing would do the trick .
The toy only came in a box of cereal .	He convinced his mother to buy the cereal .
Rick had a science test .	But when he arrived at class , there was a substitute teacher .
I opened up immediately .	When I opened it I immediately started using it .
She read the script and saw a part that she wanted to play .	For the next two months she practiced all the lines .
Sandy cooked a big breakfast for her husband .	Sandy told her husband to be careful because the grits were very hot .
Ora 's mom told her that the family had a very high gas bill .	They could not afford bills that high , so changes would be made .
She invited a lot of friends and planned a nice lunch .	Her Aunt came early to do the flowers .
Ricky 's friend gave an excellent lesson on bow tie tying .	Ricky was happy that he could finally tie a bowtie .
Charles and Victor were enemies .	In high school , Victor beat up Charles in front of everybody .
Amy was going on a date .	She told her friend she was going to paint her toenails .
I did every machine as heavy as i could every day for a week .	I noticed no improvement at all but my body really hurt .
Ranger dug a hole for his bone .	Ranger put the bone in the hole .
Emily was feeling very sick one day .	She had been playing with a friend who now had strep throat .
It was a week until pay day and I was out of money .	I dug through my car for money and found a dollar and half a soda .
I went to a doctor and had an appointment .	They gave me some local anesthetics .
I brought in the house and gave it a bath .	It had no collar .
Instead he went to the mall to hang out .	Unbeknownst to him his parents were there buying clothes .
It sniffed at branches and dug up buried nuts .	Feasting on the land it made its way to the river .
He did n't think Rodney would take advantage of him .	He was wrong .
Everyone got together and made smores .	Several crickets came out of the bush .
So Ben had a white carpet installed .	But he found that it was difficult to keep looking clean .
She gave out oranges to the kids .	The kids liked them .
Unfortunately , it would n't be shipped in time for Christmas .	Even though the gift arrived late , the giftee still appreciated it .
She decided to invite her out to lunch .	There , Jessica apologized .
Uther felt like he could just melt , he was so embarrassed .	Minutes later , no one was paying him any attention at all .
He was really mad .	He learned not to gamble on sports .
He was told eventually they get put down .	Jose adopted five dogs that day to save them .
He did not want to fall .	Billy said to just lean forward and use both legs .
When she was 30 , she decided to find her mother .	The two were reunited and made up for lost time .
I watched as he prayed and clapped double time .	I decided to just ask him what the hell was he doing .
This shirt is my new good luck charm .	I decided to wear this shirt everyday to bring me more luck .
Her favorite bars were on sale for 20 % off .	She decided to stock up .
He slid into the ditch .	Thankfully Jimmy was okay .
Lucy 's grandma was showing her pictures from her childhood .	Lucy was having a good time laughing at herself .
Drew wanted to learn to surf .	He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean .
He watered the seeds every day and they began to sprout .	Two months later , Jim had the prettiest yard on the block .
James loves to go fishing	He would always bring his dog .
She decided not to spent more money .	She went to the library instead .
In 2007 , our condo building was infested with mice .	I put sticky traps everywhere .
Rufus decides he needs to get a beer and join them .	He goes to the bar and orders one beer .
She was in her room doing her hair .	Suddenly , her best friend came into the room .
Lila was running low on infant formula .	She was hoping that it would last a day or two more .
Problem was she has a child that needs to get up early to go to school	She often overslept .
Patty needed medicine to recover .	Chris refused to buy his dog this medicine .
He did and showed it to his teacher the next day .	Howard got an A+ on that writing assignment that week .
I decided to start eating a healthy diet .	I wrote a grocery list and headed for the store .
Last week I took a bus to the city .	It took four hours .
Madison was at the aquarium .	She wanted to get a souvenir for her friend .
The audience goes wild !	Shayna will never be afraid of seeking out an audience again .
Monica had ordered her son some Christmas gifts .	When they arrived , she was checking them out .
There were lines of people .	She was very stressed out .
Beth got the game Qwirkle on her birthday .	She asked her dad to play with her .
He said it to my mom .	My mom fell in love with the bird !
Judy was always worried about what other people thought of her .	She did n't go outside .
She was about to quit her job of 3 years .	It was difficult and she dealt with rude people .
She woke up 20 minutes later than usual .	Emma hurried to get dressed and eat .
It was pelting the metal roof with great force .	She jumped out of bed to look out the window .
He spent all offseason working on his speed .	He dropped twenty pounds and made the team the next year .
Benson never ate peas before .	One day his mom made peas and he refused to eat them .
The next day , Tanya took Dan to an empty building in school .	She asked him to go out on date with her .
For my 16th birthday I got my license and a car .	I was so excited .
Josh had to ride a little pony for the first time , he was n't happy .	The pony got stung on the butt by a bee , causes it to buck .
He drove the car a lot , and sometimes raced with it .	One day , during a race he got gashes on the side of the car .
She did leg lifts .	She also did ten touch touches every day .
My daughter played tee ball this year .	She loved to swing the bat .
He scrambled to move his king away .	Though Jess finally checkmated his king .
Tim had trouble paying attention .	His homework was to read chapter 4 of his math book .
Roosevelt was a staunch conservative .	He hated his name because it was of a Democrat president .
It itched badly !	She tried not to scratch it .
Andrea was in the kitchen .	Suddenly , she heard a fall and a cry .
I bought beans , diced tomatoes , and beef .	It was a very easy recipe to make .
I found out that I like long drives with music playing .	It 's very peaceful and I 'm going to do it more .
His brother basically escorted them throughout the school .	He was introduced to the principal and guidance counselor .
For weeks she practiced looking feminine and acting sweet .	Then a nice guy asked her to the dance , and she accepted !
Tim was tired one evening .	But he had to do homework .
Lee is a great baker .	His girlfriend loves peppermint .
He gave it to his grandmother as a present .	The grandmother sat him down and taught him how to knit .
So she decided to take a French class .	She became fluent in French .
Ana wanted to go ice skating .	But she did n't have a pair of ice skates !
Jim 's father loved that TV .	Jim dreaded meeting his father at the door that night .
We also went for a hayride through the woods .	We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin .
One day , their neighbor realized what was happening .	He called the cops .
One night he called security , reporting a wild bear outside our dorm .	We listened in as the cops asked each other how a bear could be there .
Susie was an aspiring artist .	She tried to get her art published in the art museum .
The pendant she wore was crooked so I tried to adjust it	I bent down and one of favorite earrings fell in with her .
But Anna needed it to fall asleep !	She thought about it and came up with a solution .
Johnny was excited to go the the flea market with his mom .	When they got there they went from table to table .
Eventually she made her high school team .	She still used the mitt her father got her .
One day his closest pal Max offered to help him learn to play .	Little by little Rufus learned to play banjo with Max .
She researched different ways to make money online .	Eventually she decided she wanted to start her own business .
He spent hours making sure that they did n't wreck his home .	Eventually , he got them to behave .
After running several tests they figure out he has too much estrogen .	So they give him some testosterone injections .
She was craving sugar .	She looked all over the kitchen , but no gummy bears .
Kim left work after dark to find the street had frozen over .	She tried to drive up a small hill and got stuck .
After a long day of shoveling , Rex decides he has n't missed skiing .	He decides to always help his mother shovel instead of skiing .
There , he found an old toy he had n't seen in years .	The toy brought back a lot of memories and emotion .
He does it as often as he can .	He even builds them for friends sometimes .
The player who missed had lost the match .	He was so upset that he threw his racket at the other player .
He used the money to pay off debts and buy a new car .	It was still enough to change his life .
There was a storm recently that caught him off guard .	The waves smashed against the shore and scared Sonny .
My boyfriend in high school was very romantic .	One summer I was away at camp .
Zach took her home , thinking she was sick .	When they got home , she threw up and felt a lot better .
She was scared she might not make it through .	Jill had her surgery successfully .
There had been small earthquakes before but none like this .	The next morning the news confirmed it was an earthquake .
Tim asked Ron for money that he could borrow .	Tim said he would use the money for lunch .
He spent four hours saying bye to his best friends .	He promised to stay in touch with each of them .
He ended up falling into a fountain .	His shoes got soaked .
This somehow comforted her .	She wiped what sand there was on her face , and left the bathroom .
Suddenly , when he shot , he struck down at the green tabletop .	The tabletop was torn open and my friend began to apologize .
Joe wanted to go out .	Joe call his friends to go out .
The mud gets brought into the house by the four dogs that run .	I am tired of the mud so we went to the hardware store .
Yesterday I decided to go Easter egg hunting .	We made it a family affair .
I was very out of shape .	I needed to start working out .
Carol and I bought her a potty chair .	We both introduced Anna to her chair and the first night she used it .
There was this kid that lived a few houses down street .	Her name was Jackie .
Everything looked delicious .	She ended up buying five bags of candy .
Then she realized she was lost !	She stopped and asked a kindly stranger for help .
Margaret liked spending time with her daughter and ended up helping .	Margaret ended up enjoying the day of decorating after all .
Tom needed to get a bank account .	He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose .
He had never had a paid vacation before .	He was so happy !
He decided to pay for a private trainer to help improve his speed .	His trainer made him work harder than he ever had before .
Tim returned the drill to his neighbor .	The neighbor later found the broken bits and cursed .
They had found a blog that her mom was writing with stuff about Emma .	They teased her about it and Emma was mortified until she could leave .
Corey wanted a new video game for Christmas .	His mom did n't like the video game .
She pretended that she had somewhere to go and left .	Since then , she has ignored all of Jim 's text messages .
She saved up for the move and looked for work in the area .	She found work with a hotel in the city .
Joey bought a drum set .	He set it up in his basement .
He accidentally sliced his thumb open .	After that he was always careful with knives .
The weather was balmy and wonderful .	Kim wished she could stay in Bora Bora forever !
Everyone was frustrated and wanted to go home .	So , the carson 's turned the car around and went home .
The sun beat down on the tomato plant every day .	After only a few days , the tomato plant died because of the sun .
In addition , the security guards noticed the kid .	They confiscated the knife and arrested him .
Denise tried out to be a pro cheerleader .	She went to practices .
He did n't feel like cooking .	He wished he had a wife to cook him food .
For some reason , her gun stopped working .	She tried her best to get it to work again .
The market dropped over 1000 points .	It was a very scary moment .
If he hears the rainy falling he paws at the glass door .	Gus 's owners bought a thundershirt to make Gus calmer on rainy days .
The girls stayed near the teacher the rest of the trip .	Ali let out a sigh of relief as she boarded the bus back to school .
The men fortified the doors and windows against the onslaught .	The liberals were coming for their chainsaws .
A lightning bolt had struck her bedroom ceiling .	Jessica yelled and ran from the room .
My wife and I can never decide where to eat for dinner .	One night we drew names from a hat and flipped a coin .
I looked at him as he reached for my hand .	He was my husband now .
The scarf came out beautifully and everyone was proud .	Joey was so glad she had taken a risk and knit the scarf .
I have been lifting weights to make me stronger .	The weight lifting has made me much faster .
I was eating some pie when a piece fell onto my shirt .	The pie caused my shirt to have a big , blue stain .
It was not bad , but I did n't like touching people 's used plates .	I was so disgusted that that day was my last day as a waitress .
Paul went to the movies .	He bought some popcorn .
Everyone wondered why she never showed her pregnancy .	She told her class that she went to China and adopted a kid there .
Neil bicycled into the city of Perth , Australia .	From there , he booked a tour of the Great Barrier Reef .
Chancey had never eaten pork .	He found pork off-putting .
Beth worked through her lunch and was hungry .	She was upset to see the cafeteria was closed .
There was a heavy storm coming and the radio signals were out .	The captain ordered the crew to make a hard turn to the right .
Dan was working on his computer when he heard a scary sound .	It was like stones crashing against his roof !
One day a friend asked to buy one for a party for her sister .	Jen sold her one of her chocolate strawberry cakes .
He overpowered me , so I called the police .	I left the scene with bruises , scratches and other injuries .
One day , Samantha saw a beautiful butterfly .	She followed it through the forest .
The boat was all set and ready to leave the dock .	Jed and his brothers were about to go deep sea fishing .
He decided to use rice as the starch instead .	He liked the taste but still made a note reminding him to buy pasta .
Rob was not organized .	His teacher got mad at him .
Everyone had told her that she would never make it .	She ended up ignoring their judgments .
But his girlfriend smelled trouble and begged him to stay in .	Kay reluctantly agreed to a quiet dinner and movie celebration .
She watched all the movies and read all the books .	She wished a vampire whisk her off her feet one day .
Most of them were blurry .	After my wife noted this , the seller posted five clear photos .
A woman took a book out of the library .	The author was her cousin , so she was excited .
Whenever he does n't have coffee , he gets a slight headache .	He decides to stop drinking any coffee .
She decided to move to LA , and open her shop .	She opened her shop , and had 300 customers the first day .
She fell on the floor and could n't get up .	Ron confessed that he broke one of the table 's legs .
Peter jumped back in fright .	Peter turned around and went home .
They took an 18 hour long flight to their destination .	Todd was overwhelmed by the smell of fish at the airport .
Jimmy went to the local diner to get some breakfast .	He could n't decide whether he wanted bacon or sausage .
Kenny intervened , and made the children stop hurting the animal .	The children went on their way , and learned not to hurt animals .
He painted a fake porch white .	Then , he painted a bench purple .
The bus was late so I waited for one hour .	My feet were soaked due to the rain .
He built every house out of concrete and everyone liked wood .	A tornado went through the town and destroyed all the wood houses .
I cheered on Diana as she was playing the guitar .	Her voice was in harmony with her sequence of guitar notes .
She rushed to get dressed .	In her hurry she ripped loose a button .
It was raining yet warm	The kids still wanted to go to the park .
The cup filled with water .	Sally ran outside and brought her cup in .
He realized it was up to him to water his crops so he got a hose .	The farmer spent all day lugging his hose around to the crops .
Sara went to the store and bought a lot of childrens toys .	Sara then wrapped the toys and took them to the children 's hospital .
Iris was carrying plates to the cupboard .	While she was holding one , she dropped it .
Eliza took the elevator to the 34th floor .	Halfway there , the elevator ground to a halt .
We loaded our boat onto a trailer and drove to the beach .	After loading up from the dock , we took off on our boat .
Everyone was mostly out in the sun playing volleyball .	After a few hours , Harry received several sunburns .
I scratched it off and actually won !	I was so excited that I reinvested all my winnings .
However one day she was bitten by her poodle .	The poodle was brand new and needed to be trained .
The sky turned blue .	There was a rainbow in sky .
But when he went to buy the tickets , they were all sold out !	Sue suggested that they go to the venue and get scalped tickets .
At first Alan was worried about a crowded house .	Alan 's wife suggested that his brother live in the basement .
He came upon a farmstead , and hailed a yeoman toiling in the fields .	The yeoman returned his hail , and asked after the health of the Czar .
Joey was getting married and needed a gown .	She looked at many stores , but nothing looked good on her .
I realized what a beautiful place it was .	I decided to retire there .
Luna needed to name her unborn child .	She wanted to honor her grandpa George with the name .
One day , he hurt his back and could no longer work out .	His appetite did not change , and he continued to eat a lot of food .
I told her I 'd feed it , walk it , play with it , and everything else .	Gradually she gave in , and she told me I could have one .
She won every game .	One day she faced Jill .
Her mother suggested she eat a snack .	She declined , she did n't want a snack to ruin her appetite .
I was so distracted I ended up missing my stop .	Then i got mad .
She agreed .	It was an intense competition .
Mike thought he was the smartest person in his class .	He always bragged about getting the best test scores .
She thought they were more filthy than a toilet .	Her friend convinced her to go after hours and hours of persuasion .
My Japanese coworkers suggested I try sushi .	I told them I was too scared of raw fish .
Jackson bought new shoes that were very comfortable .	Finally his back pain was gone .
Mary was at a ball game .	She went to the concession stand and bought nachos .
Jerry really loves baseball , but he ca n't decide where to play .	He really loves first base , but is also good at pitching .
She stated that Jim left a card for her to find .	Her loving father left a final love letter in their favorite book .
Jim looked on the Internet until he found the perfect one .	Jim and his family finished their swing set right as the sun set .
Jack wanted to drive his father 's car .	Jack 's father would not let him drive his car .
Alice proudly left her easel when she finished the portrait .	But she ended up knocking it on the floor .
Today he smelled fresh bread when his alarm clock went off .	He followed the smell to the kitchen .
Her dad took her to the doctor 's office .	It turned out that she had strep throat .
One day they went to a new street and saw a very big and scary dog .	The dog came toward them , and Tina immediately turned to run away .
They were riding around having fun when she noticed the gas was low .	She tried to make it back to the dock , but the gas ran out .
Finally he decides to order Chinese food delivery .	He eats a delicious stir fry with rice .
All of the gifts were puzzles !	Ann now had so many puzzles , she thought she 'd never finish them all .
Ty 's mom wanted to shop online .	The only problem was that she did n't have a credit or debit card .
But then a frown appeared on her face .	She had to spit it out in the sink !
She was supposed to go to dance class right after .	But , her gums were very sore after the appointment .
She ended up giving up after studying for an hour .	She ended up with a 33 on the exam .
I always play my mom in Tennis at least once a month .	I have been taking lessons and getting a lot better .
Rick was very scared but he ended up really enjoying it .	Now he can ride any roller coaster without being nervous at all .
Jarvis has felt more sleepy every day this week .	His work is requiring more hours than it used to .
Unfortunately someone broke into her house and stole all her money .	Tina 's Christmas was ruined .
Tammy taught her cat to flush the toilet .	One weekend , Tammy 's mom came to visit .
The forecast called for rainy .	I packed my raincoat .
One day Chloe found out that she was extremely sick .	Trying to hide illness , she was rushed to the hospital .
He most disliked the flags with text on them .	He entered a design in a redesign contest for his own city .
Uma corrected the error before anything was published .	The executives congratulated Uma on her good work .
Samantha 's dad took her to the park .	He was going to teach her to ride her bike .
One of my favorite new drinks is green tea .	I read in an article that green tea helps with weight loss .
This made Gary quite sad .	Gary decided to go to a salon to get a professional haircut .
Ariel was trying to lose weight .	Every morning , she trudged to the gym and exercised .
Lucy was driving down the street when she got a flat tire .	She has never changed a tire before and did n't know how .
Bill spent the next few hours at a car lot .	He found the perfect truck !
He had planned this trip for two weeks .	He had been skiing for four hours when he realized he was lost .
I hit a long drive that landed in the rough on the second hole .	I noticed a wild sow with her piglets near my ball .
The other students had chipped in and purchased Amaya 's book !	Amaya was so happy , she nearly cried .
His friends did n't want to go out to the club so he went alone .	He arrived at 11 and the club was packed .
Joe was just getting his hair trimmed .	Until his barber sneezed while shaving his neck .
Jimmy was sitting on his homemade porch .	The porch was high up over his backyard .
Dan was getting very scared .	Tom laughed and the restaurant suddenly came into view .
The delivery person got the name wrong .	A different woman got the flowers .
While he was out fishing , a storm came up .	He hid in the cabin of his boat while the storm tossed it to and fro .
Lily was excited to try to new kfc near her house .	Kfc was her favorite restaurant and she loved the chicken .
They had great gourmet dinners there .	They also played bingo one night .
Tim notices that it 's changing her .	He does n't like it the changes in his girlfriend .
He broke up an old chair to use for wood .	After a couple minutes , the chair was burning and he was warm !
Claudia was taking a picture .	She set up up the objects she was photographing carefully .
While watching a movie online , he saw an ad that demanded attention .	The ad was about ten rare diseases that would gross out anyone .
Sandra was exhausted from working all day .	She looked around the house at the clutter .
Beth got a job when she was fourteen .	She saved her money for two Year 's so she could buy a car .
Rachel decided to become a journalist .	She worked her way to the top for years .
Shia was the lead singer of a band .	So Shia had the tendency to be a dick .
Bernard was at the local club .	He did n't like the music that the DJ was playing .
Bo hit a double , and made it to second base .	Sam was next at bat , but struck out .
I was ordering pizza for the family the other day .	We were going to split a big one .
After three long weeks of barely getting by she finally saw a doctor .	At that point she was so sick she had to be hospitalized for a week .
Finally school was out for the summer .	I went home and my parents looked at me with an angry expression .
However , Jimmy continued to make a shot .	The referee told him that his shot did n't count .
He kept saying duck .	Finally someone reminded him what goose meant .
Arnold had to detain him .	He was arrested for disorderly conduct and attacking an officer .
My dogs got exhausted .	When we got home they slept for hours .
She mixed the batter according to the recipe .	She baked the cookies .
It was high time to get started working out .	I went to the local gym and setup a membership .
They did not want Tina to feel welcome .	They ostracized her until she no longer felt wanted .
The view was inspiring .	Janet went out and had a great day .
Then I remembered that she 's allergic .	The store said I ca n't return them .
She went inside and played with it for a while .	She could n't bear to leave without it .
The closest she ever got was bronze .	It was at an important competition and she got local fame .
Sam purchased a new fridge and had it delivered .	Sam restocked his new fridge with all his favorite food .
Becca was going on a tour with her husband .	They had arranged to visit ten different local wineries .
My burrito ended up breaking in pieces .	I immediately took it out and started to clean everywhere .
I hated it .	But , I realized that I got to make a difference in people 's lives .
The dogs wandered off the path often .	At the end of the hike , both Jeff and the dogs were happy .
But this time she needed the comfort of her mother laying next to her .	After a few minutes she was finally able to fall asleep .
Unfortunately they were n't on the list .	The girls could n't get in .
But when he sat back down it was gone .	He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips .
The day came for them to go .	Her husband did n't want to go anymore .
A friend of mine lived in an old rented house .	While making breakfast for her son , she heard banging at her door .
The new building did n't have a mascot yet .	They asked the students to vote on the animal .
The lumberjacks were scared and decided to go away for good .	The bear saved his forest and was able to live happily ever after .
After eating , we decided to go to a yogurt shop .	The next day , we could n't stop talking about the previous night .
They decided to grocery shop together .	During their trip , they got stuck behind a lady with many kids .
At night however , his computer was more stable .	And he realized how cold the night was .
I had to go to school .	I packed my backpack and realized my pencil was gone .
The house was blown away by the wind storm .	Now the Jones family no longer goes to the ski house .
They watched the security tapes .	Sean saw that his bike had been stolen by a masked man .
He is amazed at how well the lotion works .	Now Chris no longer has to deal with dry hands .
Tom was a college student .	Tom was a computer science major .
I received one bid .	With shipping I made $ 2 and eighty five cents for my sister in law .
Jeff had lived in an apartment all his life .	He had finally bought a house to move into .
The tea rapidly cooled to his liking .	Greg drank the cup in one gulp .
The television he wanted was on sale for half the price !	Jerome enjoyed watching his favorite movies on his new television .
As much as he liked to play football , it frightened him .	He wanted to live on and stay with his family .
This morning his hands were cold .	He crawled into bed with us .
They became my best friends .	I realized that prison was actually fun !
It was Christmas morning and they were going to the next safari lodge .	The gravel road was deserted except for roaming animals .
Charles wanted to join the bicycle club like his friend Kevin .	But Charles was n't a rider , he did n't even have a good bike .
It was caused by untreated salmonella , which happens very rarely .	Rob was successfully treated , becoming a famous medical case study !
Tim was the leader of his school 's mathematics club .	He only had three members but needed more members for funding .
I keep several packets of vanilla sugar wafers in my car .	I enjoy these as my afternoon snack at work .
He convinced Theo to let him leave because it was n't busy .	When Chris came back the restaurant was packed and Theo had made $ 100 .
A bored artist looked out the window at the landscape .	He decided to paint the landscape .
During buck season , he found the perfect spot .	He caught three large bucks in one day !
Ed wanted to paint .	He mixed egg tempera paints with egg yolks .
Pete said he could beat Howard at thumb war .	They decided to play a game .
All of her friends wanted to jump off a cliff .	Lana went up with them and watched them all jump .
Paul was into this girl , and she made him a tray of sushi .	Even though he did n't like it , he ate it for the girl .
He noticed a wallet under a park bench .	He searched the wallet and found a card with a name and phone number .
Martha picked up a pizza at the store .	She put it in the oven when she got home .
They were black with white laces .	He needed a new pair badly .
The eye doctor confirmed that Lynda was nearsighted .	The doctor gave Lynda 's mother a prescription for glasses to help .
Lidia received braces as a kid .	After getting them off , she did n't wear her retainer .
He took a few steps forward , and grabbed some moon rocks .	They were put into his bag .
He had seen that there were no presents under the tree .	But the next morning , his eyes widened in shock .
A woman decided to test the accuracy of an aphorism .	She filled two pots equally with water , and put them on to boil .
Bo was angry at himself !	He was starving all day .
One day a new kid came to school .	He beat Will up because he wanted to take out the toughest kid .
Alix was 4 and she was meeting Santa for the first time .	Her mom took her to the mall where they waited in line .
Ted rushed over and successfully gave the girl the Heimlich maneuver .	Ted saved her life !
Life got much harder .	He really regretted leaving his family .
He saved enough to buy a ring , car and house down payment .	Blake proposed and his girlfriend said yes .
I relentlessly looked , but there was nothing that caught my eye .	I left empty , tired and disappointed .
As a result , I decided to buy a few gifts for Christmas .	My family and friends were extremely happy when they got their gifts .
Jake put 225 pounds of weights on the barbell .	Jake concentrated really hard before his set .
Fred finished after some hours of hard work .	Fred took his family and drove to a safer part of the region .
They argued until they were kicked out of the store .	They decided to try fast food , instead .
He caught her eye , and ignored her .	Hannah felt uncomfortable and decided to end her shopping trip .
He opened his eyes and saw the sky .	He had missed and got knocked out .
I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys .	I had locked myself out .
Bob had round glasses .	His friends told him they were ugly .
He had already eaten his food .	The waiter said he could not leave without paying .
They wrote heartfelt letters telling Santa what they wanted .	They placed cookies and milk on the table for him to eat .
She was nasty and demanding to the staff .	They still provided her with the best service they could .
She was stuck at the end of the road .	Rebecca had to call for help .
He told Jake to think about his wife , kids , and great job .	Jake became thankful for all he 's done in his twenties .
The insect filled Sam with great terror .	He ran from the room and slammed the door behind him .
The security guards chased her around , but she was too fast .	Jane returned home that afternoon to see herself on tv .
Gina needed to clean the ice from her windshield .	But the ice was hard to scrape off .
It was the last one to do , but Tahar hesitated .	She did n't feel like doing another thing , but it winked at her .
Anna went out hunting with her dad .	She 'd never shot a gun , so she took her bow instead .
Although she loved the cute kittens she did n't have room for them .	Kay placed a flyer on the board at work in the break room .
Because of this , he was able to invite all his friends .	Ron 's friends praised him for this generosity and threw him a party .
Peter went to the store for his girlfriend .	He needed to buy her some tampons .
Jim was incredibly tired one morning .	But he forced himself out of bed .
Mary felt like someone had just broken her heart .	Ever since , Mary hates Thanksgiving and the bad memories of that day .
Left in the seats was one woman wearing earbuds using her computer .	Suddenly she looked up , screamed and pounded on the glass .
She forgot about them after the chaos of the visit .	Later , when she went to preheat the oven , they all melted !
Anne went to the bar one night .	She had a few beers .
One day he decided to pay Will to do his homework for him .	Martin enjoyed not having to do his homework .
She went door to door gathering participants .	The kids lined up at the end of the street to start .
He ran home and warned his fellow tribesman .	They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat .
It was a bitterly cold and stormy night and I searched for hours .	Finally , I had to give up and go home to bed .
Driving home one day , I noticed the traffic was worse than usual .	After about 45 minutes of not moving at all , I finally saw it .
Sam had over 200 pairs of socks .	He brought his socks everywhere he went in a suitcase .
I could n't find Cozy and was devastated .	My dad went out to search the block for Cozy .
When there was two clowns the face each other .	One clown smashed a pie in the other 's face and ran off .
Every year my family and I go to Disney .	We always have a total blast .
Within one log it found another fox , hiding away .	It sniffed at the fox and coaxed them out .
She found brand new speakers for a very cheap price .	Terri went home to install her new speakers .
She went back home to change her clothes .	Before she left again , she put on a rain coat .
As it was too short , I read another one this week .	The book mentioned important films in history .
Horatio flies to Oaxaca , Mexico to try tequila .	He has one sip and loves it !
Martha needed a job .	She was interviewed at a fast food place .
Next to the other expert-looking models , it looked sloppy and simple .	Sam got an A because the teacher knew he made it himself .
The snow fell fast and furiously for two hours .	Once it stopped , Jane ran outside with her coat and mittens on .
He would travel through all space and time .	One night , I dreamt that he wanted to take me with him .
He teacher was being interviewed by a local news reporter .	Timmy congratulated his teacher in class the next day .
One of the guests got into an argument with Joe 's friend .	The fight provided drama for the party .
Kelly wanted to try out for soccer this year .	She was nervous but confident she could do it .
Josh woke up to a sunny Saturday morning .	He decided to go for a bike ride and enjoy the weather .
He located the nearest botanica .	They had an assortment of items which were needed .
She checked in the storeroom but they were sold out of her size .	Amy decided to go with a size larger .
She is on a project to rebuild transit buses .	She drove up to the rebuild site last week .
Before they left each other , she gave him her Facebook URL .	He tried to find her URL online .
I was n't hurt , but my car was totaled .	I called the police and I safely made it home shortly after .
Dan and his high school basketball team were Champions .	They worked hard all year and were very emotional .
She did n't fall a single time on Thursday .	She got a perfect score at her competition !
She calls to reschedule the interview .	They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her .
Jim was on the the United States Olympic track team .	He participated in the long jump event .
Perry played hard and made it to the championships .	Now , Perry is in the Baseball Hall of Fame .
But , he could n't afford one .	He decided to steal something for his wife .
Mary was unsure about vaccines .	She decided to read up more about them .
One day she dropped it on the tile floor three times !	She was amazed and grateful it had n't broken .
She really was happy to have her party .	When her friends arrived they gave her presents .
They rocked for hours on the stage .	The audience cheered for them .
There was a giant parade for the New Years .	Sam witnessed a poor man begging on the streets .
Bob worked in sales .	Bob wanted to sale for his own company .
Beth just moved out on her own and wanted to try something new .	She had a cheeseburger for dinner for the first time in her life .
Jack was a rookie on his baseball team .	He had little experience but was eager .
Mike pocketed the money and went to pay for the book .	He used the money to buy the book .
I tried to go to sleep .	After a few hours , I remained awake .
On the hike , Jerry falls and twists his ankle .	Luckily another hiker comes by and helps him get to the doctor safely .
Upset , I forgot about it .	Then luckily I got a call and they had one for me .
He ran away from me , because he did not want to get wet .	I caught him after a chase .
Eli googled the procedure .	He found a tutorial and it was very simple .
The splinter hurts Thomas .	He decides not to brag so much about his woodworking skills .
Stephanie woke up very hungry .	She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast .
A farmer was put all his hay in the barn .	When he was done he smoked a cigarette .
She was nervous , but things were going well .	Then , she tried to go to latin class .
While she was walking it began to snow .	With the chaos of the snow , she ended up lost quickly .
She saw a cool booth for left-handed products .	She was left-handed and had never seen anything like that .
The philosopher began leading a mindfulness meditation exercise .	Bill laid on his bed and meditated for the first time .
His leg is broken and he now needs to use crutches .	Mark decides to stop living so adventurously .
Billy fell down on the ground .	The girls looked at him and started to laugh .
Jim was eating leftovers .	He hated eating yesterday 's dinner .
She went sliding across the floor .	She hurt her leg pretty bad when she fell .
The interstate was n't busy at all !	It did n't take long for me to arrive and see my friends .
They decided to drive for a whole day and see where they ended up .	They took a lot of photos along the way .
While he was climbing , Melvin ran to the door and asked for the ball .	The neighbor showed up in the backyard in time to find Larry there .
After watching herself on camera , Jill was able to feel calmer .	In class , she gave her speech and got an A .
It was her birthday tomorrow and she felt lonely .	The next day a girl she had met at the park visited her .
Rick was surprised to see his mom instead .	Rick began to cry when he realized daddy was n't coming .
She learned that it 's not violence when it is self defense .	She learned it is called intelligence .
She had to prepare a speech to present in front of class .	She worked on her presentation in PowerPoint .
When they arrived at Girl Scouts , she found out Bo forgot it .	Nancy overheard Bo blaming her for forgetting the sheet .
She had practiced recited her marriage vows until she was ready .	A bundle of nerves , she was trying to calm down .
I had the day off from work and was n't sure what to do .	I went to the store just to look around .
She went out and looked at several different stores .	After searching for hours , she finally found a set she liked .
Tina got more than enough money to buy the magic staff .	And she spent the rest of the day buying items with all of her gold .
Liz moved into a new neighborhood and a new school for her kids .	She did not know anyone and felt very lonely at times .
One day , her friend caught her singing .	Her friend told her that she had a beautiful voice .
She immediately froze and was speechless since this happened .	However , she declined since she wanted to focus more on her career .
Brody was thinking about moving across the country .	Susan was scared of losing her friend so she told him how she felt .
Cynthia was completing tasks for businesses , making money .	She was able to survive until she received a job at a grocery store .
He walked down by the water and built a sand castle .	Another boy suddenly ran by and knocked his castle over .
He changed the tire on the side of the road .	A man and his daughter stopped to help him change the tire .
Billy and Adam both liked Abby .	When Abby joined them on the walk , the boys got into a fight .
Ray wanted some milk .	So he went to his refrigerator and got some .
We then flipped the boats over .	It was so much fun .
He was awed by the beauty of the nature and cities there !	He toured for weeks , loving every day there .
He simply could not get it right !	His dad noticed he was having trouble .
One day , Jenny 's sister got pregnant by accident .	Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health .
Bud went to a foreclosure auction .	He was hoping to buy his first home .
The carrier worked .	She was able to get lots done .
Unfortunately she spent too much .	As a result , Kelly was grounded .
John fell and broke his leg .	He had to spend two weeks in the hospital .
Phil cooked his meal over the fire while rain poured on him .	He did not bother to put the fire out and let the rain take do it .
Tara had really bad back pain .	She went to her doctor to get it checked out .
When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself .	Bob was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it .
Eli was in a great hurry .	He ran down the hall very carelessly .
Matt had taken six different babysitting jobs in one day .	The first was a rowdy 7 year old who loved to play basketball .
But he made it to every test on time .	Then he slept for twelve straight hours !
Janet was cold and scared , but then she remembered a secret .	Her mom had hidden a spare key under the flowerpot on the porch !
Although he got every question correct , she gave him an F .	He was immediately confused and contacted the principal .
She decided she could handle parenthood on her own .	She had IVF treatments to help her conceive her child .
Lulu and her friends decided to go to the new restaurant downtown .	There were no menus available online for them to check out .
Cameron wanted some money for the movies .	He asked his mom but she said he 'd have to work first .
Then she bought a disposable camera .	She snapped lots of photos during her trip !
She ordered a steak .	To her dismay the steak was rare .
But he noticed a different chef .	He considered leaving .
Cathy was in a rush to get to school .	She had to do her makeup much faster than usual .
As Ernie would sit down , Doug would roll Ernie 's chair back .	Glenda even found a fake spider on her keyboard .
I screamed loudly which prompted my husband to come running .	After a few minutes he disposed of the now dead rat .
A new music act was performing in the local stadium .	The act featured an amateur singer and professional backup dancers .
Greg was terrified and believed he would die .	When the turbulence stopped , Greg realized how lucky he was .
His friend was very helpful .	Aaron passed the difficult test the next day .
I took my son to the doctor this morning because his eyes were red .	We sat in the waiting room for about five minutes .
They wanted it back with interest .	He could not keep up .
Tim was playing games with Jeb .	Jeb always won .
He found a broom and swept the porch meticulously .	Tom was happy to see the porch was n't dusty any longer .
Suddenly his car sputtered and died .	Tim was terrified !
She brought it home and set it up .	She organized the coats and was very happy with how it looked .
He had a good long life of 13 years .	Then one day he died peacefully in his sleep .
She opened all the gifts but there was no doll .	Her mother told her to go check on her bed .
His family saved for two years .	Finally they were able to go .
Today she was asked by the cute guy Peter from chemistry class .	She could not wait to go with him .
A vaguely human shape fluttered past .	Suddenly , there was a knock on the door !
There was a fight between two large families at the park .	The kids were crying , and screaming by the time the police arrived .
A woodworker and metal worker could n't agree whose work was best .	The woodworker said his wood was warm and hardy .
John went out on his boat for an afternoon of fishing .	He caught a few and decided it was time to head in .
She got a C- on her first test .	She studied hard and worked with friends .
The accident was one mile ahead of where she was .	Tina wisely decided to go work on a different road .
She went from drinking 5 to 1 cup of coffee a day .	Susie felt healthier after moderating her dosage of caffeine .
They took many pictures of the wild beauty around them .	Zeke sold the images to doctor offices for a tidy sum of money .
Jim tried to brace for disappointment .	But on Christmas morning , he got a tiny white kitten !
The night before , I came down with a bad cold .	There was no way I could go to school to take my test .
When Lisa walked in the room , she was shocked .	She could n't believe they did that .
A nearby student was walking from class when he saw the caterpillar .	He observed it fall from the wall onto the ground .
Evie was at a fair .	She saw a booth with a large crowd surrounding it .
He was always a starter on the team .	He challenged one of his friends to a scrimmage .
I ran to catch the bus for work .	Unfortunately , I just missed the bus and did n't have a car .
She checked the mail .	There was a pile of stuff in the box .
She went to the beach .	She scooped up some small stones and gravel .
Jake was diagnosed with the flu .	It was rough but he eventually recovered .
She browses the internet for the latest ideas .	She tried investing in a few .
Last week my bratty sister found it .	She started reading it and calling it my diary .
He hopped in the car and traveled to Las Vegas .	He fell asleep while his dad drove across the USA .
Kay decided that she did need the list so she went back to get it .	With the list she got everything she needed and dinner was perfect .
He insisted his basketball game was more important than her dinner .	Hannah angrily decided to invite another male friend of hers instead .
Nell was happy playing with her quirky friends .	One day , she got an invitation from a popular girl at school .
When I got some I realized my tongue was hurting .	I ate too much .
Seth was a great painter who wanted to learn to play guitar .	He could n't afford guitar lessons , but the teacher offered a trade .
It was a swelteringly hot day .	Ava poured some juice into ice cube trays .
Tim had a pizza party .	There were fifty people .
Her parents secretly bought May a backstage pass to meet the band .	On her birthday , they presented May with the backstage pass .
However , he ignored her completely .	Hannah was devastated by his unexplained coldness .
He realized that he was supposed to study for an exam tomorrow .	He tried to but ended up falling asleep .
She finally saved enough money to have a vacation there .	She did all the typical tourist things .
I think that she will do just fine there , as she meets my family .	I 'm very excited to go !
Alas , I took triple the recommended amount .	I developed diarrhea .
Louis leaned over to look out the window .	He totally forgot there was a cactus plant .
Unfortunately , he did n't realize he was allergic to cedar .	When winter came , cedar pollen was released all over Texas .
When I got inside my room , I noticed my video game was gone .	I looked everywhere almost to find it .
They passed by another dog who was playing fetch with it 's owner .	Anna 's dog seemed very attracted to the ball .
Beth had just moved to a new town .	She did not know anybody .
Raul looked in his stash box for his weed but it was empty .	He then went through all his pockets for any drugs .
The crowd roared and burst with excitement .	In the cockpit , Deven did not feel anything .
I started seeing someone a while ago .	We had a lot of fun , and did everything together .
Trey wanted to get the best time for running a mile in his class .	During the run , he saw another student pulling ahead of him however .
Ken was late for work today .	Ken 's boss was waiting for him at the office door .
Enid really needed some cash .	She was behind on all her bills .
Paris stole a fancy dress and went to a party .	She got boys to buy her drinks .
While at a friend 's one day , Helen decided to watch one before bed .	She got ten minutes into the film , before she had to shut it off .
On Thanksgiving day , his friends and family are impressed .	Maurice is proud that he hosted Thanksgiving Dinner .
Sammie realized he had to throw away his old socks and buy new ones .	Sammie said goodbye to his old friends and bought a new pair of socks .
My brother and I decided to go fishing .	We walked through the woods until we got to the creek .
It was Friday .	So everyone was excited that the cafeteria was serving pizza .
At night , they were able to see the stars using the telescope .	Bryan had fun that day and felt happy when he got home .
The doctor examined Joseph .	The doctor prescribed medicine for Joseph .
The teacher said to put everything away .	She wanted to give a pop quiz .
Alex invested all her money into ruby stocks .	When they rose in value , she became rich .
I said I did n't have any money but I was hungry .	The man bought me the chocolate bar .
He joined the army .	They trained him to be a medic .
That night my grandmother had a heart attack .	This last valentine card still sits in his drawer ten Years later .
However , she made a mistake while stacking them .	She accidentally knocked the bottom of her tower with her knee !
But her mother was afraid of dogs .	Her mother saw the dog in the kitchen and screamed .
Then she slipped it onto his desk .	Anxiously she watched him read it .
Joseph had a crush on a girl .	He was afraid of approaching her .
He decided to buy a used one at a pawn shop .	Now Luke 's yard is always well maintenanced .
She arrived at the office on time .	Then she tried to check in .
I found a swimming pool full of green water this morning .	I took a water sample to my local pool supply store .
Eventually , a thunderstorm occurred .	I was extremely nervous and decided to hide under my bed .
The niece bubbles with excitement at meeting her aunt .	The niece does not expect the sheriff to be waiting for her .
She needed to have a major cleanout .	Becky called her friends to come help .
Bill left and bought his clothes .	He felt bad about the vendor so he returned and bought a candle .
We went to play pool after our exams .	There was a local bar that had a bunch of tables .
Each one left with a souvenir .	The kids loved the museum .
But Kay was abashed , and she said she was much too shy !	After long thought , she found the perfect compromise .
Suddenly , her mom came out .	She was so mad at them for opening the game that she took it back .
The teacher was n't in the room .	Someone in her class had taken pencils from her .
His friends did not believe him .	Jeb showed them the video .
Rex and his brother Drake bought a new video game to play .	Usually they would beat a whole game within the day of getting it .
A boy in class found a rubber band on the floor .	He stretched it across his fingers like a gun .
She was excited the first day when she started running .	After the first block Amy was winded and struggling to run .
Lenny worked at a museum .	He loved his job and was happy to be there .
But her brother was on the phone .	He only stared at her when she tried to find out when he would finish .
Lexi 's mom found her stealing from her brother 's plate .	And she was n't allowed to eat anymore burgers that night .
He rented out a Ferrari for a couple of hours .	He took the car to an empty race track .
She woke to a house full of smoke .	Both Erin and the cat got out safely .
Johnny 's bull twisted and turned and bucked him off .	Johnny landed on his head in the arena dirt .
Suddenly , the boy felt a spark of excitement and elation .	Teixeira was leading the Yankees to victory !
She finally saw her baby sister in her mother 's arms .	Sara was disappointed that the baby looked odd and smelled bad .
A Lot of other children that wanted to go into the bouncy house , too	When he finally got in he jumped as high as he could .
Bob did n't want his sons to take up his dangerous line of work .	When his sons begged to join him on the job , Bob relented .
They put butter on the floor and slid around laughing .	Their mother was furious when she saw the mess .
Erin 's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game .	As a result , the teams were forced to play again .
His dad thought it was a good learning lesson .	They went duck hunting for a day .
It was time for Mary to get a flu shot .	She was very scared of needles .
Anita wanted to make her son 's father upset .	She asked him to come and pick up their baby .
This caused a lot of problems .	He got kicked off the team .
His hard work at school paid off .	Bob was happy he got a full ride scholarship .
Sandy decided to ask her former tutor for help .	The help Sandy received from the tutor helped her to pass the test .
Peri gets a job as a waitress at a sports bar .	She is very nervous on her first night .
He remembered returning it .	After looking around he found it behind a sofa .
Tom went on a cruise through the Caribbean	He did all sorts of fun stuff on the cruise
Driving to the grocery store in a storm , Ana heard air raid sirens .	Through her windshield , she could see an approaching tornado .
Ellen 's dad , Mike , is a rags to riches millionaire .	Mike bragged so much about his money he spoiled the visit .
I stood frozen for a little while .	Then , the dog started chasing me .
Henry has spent months at the gym trying to lose weight .	Now that he has lost weight , he wants to show off in a new suit .
The kids took off running .	They ran all over the park to find the eggs
No matter how early she went to bed , Bridget was still sleepy .	Bridget started taking melatonin at bedtime .
She was too weak to fight back .	She ended up dying .
Sam was trying to sleep .	His upstairs neighbors were being loud .
Jess was looking for a new song to learn .	She searched and searched for inspiration .
The teacher had hired a professional to take some photos .	During the daughter 's photo shoot , Diana tried to take a photo .
If they did succeed , it was his intervention .	Timothy 's become very rich from putting his brand into the world .
Instead of selling my townhouse I rented it out to a nice family .	They pay me monthly a few hundred dollars more than my mortgage was .
He thought it would be funny to stick it into his neighbor 's mailbox .	He hid in the bushes to wait for her reaction .
She visualized the beautiful butterfly she was to draw .	She asked her mom to give her a huge piece of cardboard .
I was really nervous the first night I went out with my girlfriend .	I was afraid that I would say or do something dumb .
However , my aunt gave a slick comment about my other aunt .	They immediately began to bicker at each other .
Jessica spent too much of her childhood in church .	Her parents gave her everything she ever wanted .
Donna realized it was finally time to potty train her son .	She went and bought him a training toilet and pull ups .
Charles chased them in his car .	His girlfriend called the police and Charles was arresting .
Him and a friend covered his other friends house in toilet paper .	Kris thought it was funny .
He took his seat while everyone watched .	On his chair was an envelope .
Francisco was n't feeling very well , even though he had work .	He called in sick .
Billy tried to imagine what was inside the box .	When Jeff got home he did not bother to open the box .
Gina was driving on the highway .	When she was trying to change lanes , her front tire popped .
Sky needed a cape for her costume .	She could not afford to buy one .
Ana and her mom went to the toy store .	Ana was allowed to pick out one new stuffed animal .
Ella 's flight home was canceled .	She and her grandma were snowed in in their house !
Dean was estranged from his family .	One day his brother showed up .
But then he saw that his granddad was still his old self , just weaker .	Bray was relieved that his granddad was okay .
His books and his lunch spilled out on the ground .	Oswald had to buy new books , more food , and a new backpack .
When she saw them , she panicked , thinking they were poisoned !	Hurriedly she pulled out her phone to research the small berries .
So he quickly marries his best friend .	When he gets the money they get divorced .
When he sat down the glass shattered , splintering into his buttocks .	Don was carried out of the high class party on a stretcher .
She tried some methods online , but none worked .	Finally , she tried ordering a new battery online .
Joe was having a good day at school .	He got good grades on all of his quizzes .
He bought the biggest ham he could find .	Bill was very happy with how his ham turned out !
She called her old store and asked to be re-hired .	Amy was sad to hear she had already been replaced .
Emily downloaded and installed Lazarus on to her computers .	She felt inspired to create many cross-platform applications .
But as he started to get older , he realized the cut was n't as good .	But he felt like he should keep seeing his longtime barber .
One day he had to get out of a steep driveway .	His car got stuck half way .
By his house , a lot of people go cliff jumping .	My friend and I decided to join in on the fun .
He call his friend to help him .	Together they were able to put the dresser together properly .
Donald decided to stop yelling .	He was rewarded for his good behavior .
He was folding a piece of construction paper .	Suddenly he felt a sharp pain .
The dog jumped right in .	I brought him home and posted his picture online .
Jeff drove them all up the mountain in his pickup .	While packing up to return home , Jeff saw he had a flat tire .
He sadly opened his first , wiggling gift box .	A puppy popped out and started licking his face !
Corey 's team made it to the championship .	His team was losing by one point with 2 seconds left .
He thought about taking the bus or walking .	Because he decided to play basketball later , he decided to walk .
Bob had never tried coffee .	His friend insisted he go to the cafe and try some .
She purchased plastic pails of different sizes to act as molds .	Debra taught them to fill a pail with sand to flip them carefully .
The client said if it was a money issue then he would pay any price .	The manager thought for a second and then agreed to do the job .
I took my brothers hand and walked to the car .	I got in after him and we then waited for the adventure to come .
Thankfully she picked up a cheap one .	It worked wonders .
Her dentist recommended one for her .	It was no where near her home .
Everyone was coughing on campus .	In addition , they never bothered to cover their mouth while sneezing .
She decided to make a poster with inspirational sayings on it .	She hung it up in her room and looked at it every day .
I tend to agree .	The other day my friend beat me at Mario Kart .
He waited for the electricity to come back on but he missed his show .	Mason decided to play outside instead of waiting .
His mother had told him not to play around with the phone .	While his mother had gone into the backyard , Tim picked up the phone .
The third week we invited some other friends and it was fun .	That night one of our friends had a heart attack and died .
I could n't believe that I made her sick .	I became a vegetarian so that I would never again risk someone 's life .
My father bought me a puppy for my birthday .	My responsibility was to get the puppy it 's shots .
Tonight they decided to have a pizza party .	The girls got the ingredients together to make the pies .
At the time , it was a very nice car .	However , decades later it has started to fall apart .
I called the post office and they said they had my package .	I drove over to the post office as fast as I could .
And she reluctantly rode it .	Afterwards , Cindy felt in her legs and neck .
A few days later , Mike did not get any calls and began to worry .	After months , Mike decided that he could not find a job in his city .
When I was walking outside , I saw her .	She was with another friend .
It makes me a bit gloomy and sad .	The rainy started to trickle on the windows .
Joanie was casted for a reality show .	While she was doing the show , they bossed her around a lot .
John decided to play a sport .	Looking around , John spotted his golf clubs .
Hal and his client won millions of dollars .	Hal was rewarded with a promotion .
We were supposed to be working on our science fair project .	I guess I 'll have to do it by myself .
When we went into a cafeteria for lunch , they served pizza .	In addition , we went to recess .
Suddenly someone grabbed me from behind and I screamed !	My friend Keith laughed so hard he was almost crying .
So they went to a mountain to hike .	They hiked all the way to the top .
He found multiple toy bears there .	Pablo was finally able to get a toy bear .
When it came , it was even better than she expected .	It was the best present she could ever have asked for .
The chef knew tonight would be a busy night .	One hundred diners were visiting the restaurant .
However , I did n't have enough money .	As I walked away , I found another quarter on the floor .
Belle inherited a watch from her late grandmother .	It meant a lot to her .
Alec kept waking up with pain in his stomach .	He realized that he needed to change his diet .
As she sat at her desk the pain grew more and more intense .	Soon the pain was accompanied by nausea .
Like Mildred showed , Anita gave nice things to everyone but her son .	She disciplined her son more than other kids around him .
They were in the ocean , swimming for several hours .	Hannah remembered how long they were gone and went for them .
Jenny was getting sick of being drenched each time she bathed him .	Becoming frustrated , Jenny realized she should buy an artist 's smock .
Matt enjoys watching videos online .	Matt opened up YouTube to watch cat videos .
Lucy spent the whole afternoon counting and organizing the coins .	Grandpa gave Lucy $ 35 for her effort .
Everyone in Ali 's class was talking about the bully Val .	She had finally gotten in trouble .
When he got there and it was unlocked .	He walked away , frightened of what might be in there .
Day and night for years .	He entered into a race with 500 entrants .
He asked his friend for advice .	His friend recommended to lay in bed the same hours every night .
Then they handed him a certificate saying `` Lifetime Service Award '' .	Rudy was so honored and proud , he nearly cried !
It was getting close to Christmas .	Rachel did n't have a lot of money .
One morning , Joe was driving to work .	As he was driving around a curve , a deer jumped out in front of him .
On the day of the show she waited at the bus stop in the rain .	A truck drove through a puddle and soaked Beth while holding her phone .
He was thrilled !	He won two tickets to a weeklong cruise !
And got a ham instead for the first time .	It was his best Christmas ever .
I used to dance at a strip club .	Ever since I quit , I 've had nightmarish memories about it .
She got a new one today .	Luckily the new one is working .
She made the mangoes into a delicious sorbet .	The customers loved Terry 's mango sorbet so much that she sold out .
Andre kicked the flowers anyway .	Andre was grounded for 3 months .
2 hours later she woke up .	She walked passed the windows in the living room .
All day , she could n't find a single thing she thought he 'd like .	Finally , she saw the perfect gift .
My mom had Alzheimer 's when she was 80 .	One day she hid a lot of cash in the apartment .
Susan went to the diner to get a hot dog .	She noticed a dog in the diner .
The black ones caught my eye .	I immediately picked them up and bought them .
Francisco needs to clean his house before his parents visit .	He waits until the night before they will arrive to begin cleaning .
He learned how to make unique shapes with his tongue .	He performed those new tricks at parties and received applause .
Don and his father always went to the park .	He gave his son a stuffed toy to play with on the grass .
I talked to them about regular life stuff .	I hung up later and watched television .
Lisa was twenty years old and pretty .	Marcus was an auto mechanic who promised her a good life .
She walked up and down stairs in them .	When the time came , She walked across the stage .
My friend loaned me some paints and I went to town .	I made a beautiful landscape .
That evening , the phone rang .	A neighbor called with some juicy gossip .
I felt like it was very hot in my room .	I got up to turn on the fan .
She just wanted some peace and quiet .	Her dad gave her his keys to relax in his car .
He prided himself on being able to outrun a dog .	Tom was tired at the end of a run and got bit by a dog .
So I decided to go to the store to buy new ones .	The store was closed that day .
Deciding the race looked like fun , he started a training program .	The program was challenging , and he got into great shape .
Carl delivers gasoline to gas stations .	His job is very risky and his wife worries about him very much .
One of my favorite spots to chill at was the quad .	The quad was amazing because it was so peaceful .
Kelly was on her way home from school .	She was riding her favorite bicycle .
He was addicted to hot sauce .	Every day he would consume gallons of hot sauce .
She was so hungry !	But she used her willpower to refrain from eating .
She was so excited as Dad helped her plant them in several pots .	Missy was disappointed when she learned it could take several days .
Lana was starting her first day at a new school .	She was so scared that nobody would like her !
They require two identical photos .	My photos appeared to be regulation sized .
His cat was just beginning to develop into an adult .	When brad came home from work he screamed when he walked in his house .
Sarah was walking along with her friend Brittany .	They were both searching for something to purchase in the mall .
I put everything on a plate in the microwave .	I walked out of the room and forgot about it .
I started to reminisce about all the fun I had as a kid .	I got lost in thought and lost track of time .
Moe decided to run for president .	He promised everything he could think of to gain votes .
Kevin wanted a new living room chair .	He went to all kinds of stores .
He excused himself to the bathroom to secretly look it up .	He took out his phone and searched online for a definition .
The fire alarm rang and the students cheered .	Everyone lined up by the door .
They said they had a wallet that matched the description .	When he went to get it they used his ID to verify it was his .
He found some money on the street .	He decided to turn it into the police station .
That weekend she practiced how to parallel park .	She went back to take the test .
Tim was excited when it froze at his home in Texas .	He thought the frozen branches looked like ice sculptures .
The tomatoes and the lettuce did not grow well at all .	However , his carrots grew very well and tasted delicious .
A few minutes later , the soup exploded in the pot .	It started to flood the stove .
The friend never done that before .	Tom accidentally knocked his friend out cold !
My boss pulled me aside at work .	I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday .
She always gets asked if her hair is real .	She always says it is .
He was having a hard time with it .	He was getting a poor grade .
It was a nice day , until I had to go outside and mow the lawn .	I did n't mind mowing the lawn , but it was spring .
A sound woke up him at around 2:30 .	Ben figured that it was the mailman dropping off letters .
But she got carried away .	And the large blaze caught the tent on fire !
He decided to cool off by going for a drive .	While he was out his wife sat at home crying .
But when she got there she was disappointed .	They were doing painting instead of sketching !
He and the guide climbed for days and days .	Finally , they reached the summit of Mount Everest !
She fell on the floor .	Although he apologized , she threatened to get her family .
Grandpa came running to help Grandma .	Grandpa was able to unlock the door from the outside .
Sam worked very hard .	With the money , Sam was finally able to buy a dog .
Beth was supportive and helped calm Amy 's nerves .	After the phone call Amy felt better .
She gave him a hug and tried to ask how he 's doing .	He maintained a positive attitude and commented on her looks .
Tom was on his way to work one morning .	He was pulled over for going over the speed limit .
Once changed she ran to the car to wait for grandpa .	Lucy had n't anticipated grandpa taking a nap after church .
The DJ agreed to play the song at the time Amy requested .	Amy danced next to Beth so she could see her reaction .
We all went to the China buffet one day .	Everyone went inside and ate tons of delicious food .
Ivy needed a belt because her jeans were too big .	But she did not own one and her mom 's were too small !
He did n't see anything , and dropped the blinds .	The tapping quickly started again .
The next day they went early .	They arrived at the statue of liberty expecting to visit the crown .
Sally got set up on a blind date .	She met her date at the restaurant .
He realizes he ca n't move .	He starts getting terrified .
Mary hated math when she was younger .	She could not grasp different math concepts .
Melanie only mouthed the words , while her friend sang aloud .	The music teacher was impressed and accepted them into the choir .
However , the dispenser trapped his hand .	The machine manufacturer had to open the entire machine .
They doctors hurriedly examined him .	They found that Tray had had a mild heart attack !
Her boyfriend called the police after not hearing from her .	A search team was dispatched to the GPS coordinates on her phone .
She saw a piece of paper on the floor .	She realized that it was a pass to get out of class .
The crowd yelled at Ron for his mistake .	After the game the other referee told Ron not to worry about it .
I had been humming the song No Scrubs for the months .	I barely knew the words , but it would n't get out of my head .
Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes .	Lucy measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl .
Somehow , Andrea got separated from her .	Missy searched everywhere for her , upset .
I did not have enough money to see it .	I decided to find the movie online to download .
She tried every alarm on her phone , but none seemed to wake her .	She searched through many stores , but every alarm she slept through .
Erica was excited to graduate high school .	She had worked hard in all her classes .
So , he decided he was going to take a class a town over .	On his first day , Ben walked into class and was shocked .
They said his season was over .	Tony practiced very hard while his arm healed .
She went next door and asked her neighbor for the ball .	Her neighbor gladly let her in the fence to get her ball !
Dj forgot himself and answered the door .	His neighbor stared at him in shock .
They hopped into the car and drove to the museum .	Henry 's visit to the museum proved to be one of his best days ever .
Beth was returning to school after being sick for a week .	She felt better was was still nervous .
Jake was hesitant .	He hired a clown at his son 's suggestion .
When I finished my salad I felt nausea .	I could n't believe how terrible I felt .
Johnny 's cousin invited him to his church to talk to his priest .	Johnny was afraid but he went to meet his cousin 's priest .
He found a book about dinosaurs	He wondered why these big animals were gone
Cal was half-awake as he went into his shower .	He thought the water felt very pleasant and reached for the shampoo .
Ted loved rodents .	He bought a rat from the pet store .
He went to a restaurant .	They felt pity on him .
He then was asked to join a wheelchair basketball team .	He became very good and actually travelled with the team .
The seller never replied , so Eren contacted customer support .	Erin eventually got his money back .
I forgot to bring a plastic bag to pick up the poop .	I just left it there , and continued to the dog park .
He had every pair of Jordan 's that existed .	The new edition was coming out the next morning .
Gerald called his friends so that they could go to the beach .	They all went to the beach and played volleyball .
She also met a film producer who offered her work .	She started working for the producer and loved her knew life .
Harry read that most people brush their teeth wrong .	He had always brushed back and forth and rinsed after .
He went to an accountant .	He answered the accountant 's questions about his income .
One day , Bill slipped on a rock and broke his leg .	The doctors told Bill that he could never run again .
Jane told jack she wanted a divorce .	Jack was shocked , but agreed things were bad .
Sam was obsessed with different soda flavors .	He had spent hours researching the most tasty combinations .
Josh just guessed at the recipe .	The patron was very dissatisfied with the result .
Emma had soup and salad for lunch .	She unpacked her utensils to eat .
They talked the whole trip .	When they got back to land , he asked her on a date .
She got to participate in the state science fair at the Capital .	On the way there , her apparatus broke in the van .
Clara never raised her hand in that class again .	She decided that she loved English class instead .
She bought all kinds of meats , veggies and sides .	Ana was so happy to have a house full of food again !
Alice put on her headphones and began a Skype call .	She 'd been offered a guest spot on her favorite podcast .
All 12 kids , the cake , presents , my parents , and a dog fit in the back .	When I grew up , and had a family of my own , I bought a Suburban .
He picked it up to see if anything was in there .	The envelope contained three thousand dollars .
One foot collapsed to the ground and she felt her ankle break .	Her lover took her to the hospital and they put a pin in her ankle .
Amy was driving and could n't move the piece until she stopped .	At a red light she tried to push the piece back into place .
She lived two doors over and we always walked together .	One day her Dad invited me on a trip with her family .
Lucy worked hard and lost a lot of weight this year .	It was time to shop for a bathing suit .
She printed out all the financial reports .	She stacked them in piles and stomped on them as hard as she could .
For Christmas , Rodger got a gift card .	It was going to expire soon .
He did some reading and decided to fix his eating .	For the next few weeks , he stuck to a better diet .
I looked high and low for hits that would pay well for my time .	With my experience there were simply none to be had .
Gavin was very sad when his best friend moved away .	His parent were worried about how he was moping around .
She went by herself because she was familiar with the mountains .	She decided to hike on a new trail that just opened up .
As I grew older , I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar .	I begged for a guitar , but Dad would n't let me play with his .
The postal clerk took a photo of her while she was crying .	Now her passport photo shows a crying little girl .
When she got to the grave she weeped .	It was too much for her .
Rick saw his first football game when he was five years old .	Since that day , he was dead set on playing football .
I won the first game and the next two .	After that , I lost interest .
Clutching his stomach , her neighbor howled with laughter .	Snatching up the underwear , she flushed scarlet with embarrassment .
A red fire ant fell out .	Peter screamed and went to get a glass of water .
He ended up losing his cell phone .	He retraced his steps and went to the last bar he went to .
The temperature , like the leaves , is falling .	Autumn is here .
Sara excitedly started running toward her friend .	As she ran , her heavy backpack bounced against her .
She constantly asked her mom when it would be time to go .	Sally started to get impatient and kept bugging her mom .
He decided to look at me .	At the same time , he threw a newspaper on the ground .
Doug wanted a surf and turf dinner .	He did not have the money for a fancy dinner .
Stacy , Will 's wife , came home early from work and found Will sleeping .	Stacy cuddled up next to Will and fell asleep too .
Gina arrived home after school .	Both her parents worked , so no one was home .
They told him no .	When he opened his present , he was surprised with a laptop .
Joshi decided to study buddhism every day and meditate .	He studied and meditated for twenty years .
So I decided to mash roasted garlic into the potatoes .	I used my hands to mash the garlic .
His friends said he should try it .	He decided to take golf lessons .
However , I tried to answer the questions .	The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades .
One day at the station , the fire department got a call for a fire .	John and his Dalmatian quickly arose and rushed to the fire .
Jan called herself the coupon queen .	She filled her home with items she got for next to nothing .
He declined it .	Within a year of having it the television broke .
Ava agreed , and switched the funds into the CD .	Soon she was earning lots of interest on her money !
It was up to me to make her dream come true .	I found a recipe and design and got to baking .
He accidentally put diesel instead of gasoline into his car .	His car began to stutter when he tried to start it up .
Nicole was spinning around in a circle with her classmates .	As they finished the song , they all fell down .
The mouse spotted crumbs on the kitchen floor .	He was also well aware the cat was sleeping in the corner .
Billy decided that he would buy Mittens a bed of his own to sleep in .	A week later the bed arrived and Billy took it out of the box .
Gloria loved the camera and quickly learned how to use it .	She soon entered a photography contest and won first place .
When he got out of school , he rushed home .	He had not expected the pet he saw in his kitchen .
Cora wanted to get in shape , so she joined her school 's track team .	But she could n't keep up with the other runners !
I followed the recipe but I must have made a mistake .	The bread and tripled in size and was burning .
I sprayed air freshener to make the place smell good .	Now the living room is sparkling clean like the rest of the house .
He gave me a brochure about his company .	It was on the site of a railroad locomotive factory .
Kelly decided to take a girls trip to Vegas .	When the girls got there they went over to the club .
But Karen , ignoring their cruelty , worked hard .	She gained entry into a prestigious dance school .
In the hospital , Marge thought she had missed out on love .	Then , a delivery man came with flowers from the widower .
Everyone showed up .	Larry had a great time on the lake .
Billy is a big Patriots fan and was very excited for Super Bowl 49 .	His team was playing the Seattle Seahawks .
Eric planned to have a hot dog for lunch .	But the weather turned out hotter than he anticipated .
He always got them at amusement parks and things like that .	One day he decided to make his own penny .
One day , I broke a customer 's furniture .	He sued me and I lost .
While they were having fun , it started to rain .	Luckily the girls made it home quickly before it downpoured .
After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her .	Lucy rode home in silence upset she did n't get to pick her own shoes .
I called the management as our unit still had no internet .	We finally got service at 7 o'clock .
She was able to purchase a pair of tires for $ 200 off retail price .	Her mechanic installed them on her car when the tires arrived .
Evan loved football .	He was too small to play .
She was able to finally get her license after years of hard work .	Her parents were really proud of her accomplishments .
I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons .	Every time , I would fall asleep before the end of the show .
He stayed very light one night , and went in early the next day	He was very committed to doing a good job for his work
I threw the softball towards my cousin .	He was able to hit the ball however , it hit a bee 's nest .
He started to pet his kitten on its head .	His kitten bit him on the thumb .
He thought he could handle it and took a big bite .	He cried and drank water for almost twenty minutes .
One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room .	She looked out the window .
James wanted a sandwich .	There was a loaf of bread on his kitchen counter .
But to celebrate , she did something strange .	She ate a huge ice cream sundae !
I called the security guard .	After he understood the situation , he gave the bully detention .
He called his aunt from a hidden number .	Then , he made a joke and hung up .
He whipped out a deck of cards and did magic tricks .	People loved the tricks so much he put out a hat .
I took a look at the photo after it was processed .	While everyone looked nice , I had a weird frown on my face .
She wanted more but grandma stopped her .	Lucy had to eat her hamburger first .
I agreed and went to a local cafe .	I ordered a plate of chicken and waffles with extra gravy .
Bill did n't think Ted would make it .	They went out to the basketball court .
Jim received his license today .	To celebrate , he took a few friends out for drinks .
He went to the surgeon and had a nose job .	Ned felt much better about himself afterwards .
Music websites usually just run articles about modern music .	I had a very hard time trying to find anywhere that ran articles .
A lot of people were complaining about VIP Auto .	They were saying they had been ripped off .
Unlike his classmates , he knew how to pick up girls .	He went out with his friend that showed girls his money .
He smiled and did n't seem to be upset .	I am happy I got to talk to him at all !
She turned her assignments in and left at five .	Her boss noticed her and immediately got out of his seat .
She got some of it right .	We were very amused .
In 2009 my wife wanted to see the Christmas lights on Boston Common .	We had not gone in years .
The two kids began fighting .	There mother heard and came into the room to stop them .
Usually he catches a fish every night .	Yesterday he did n't catch any dish because he had to leave early .
Bill 's father only got an 8th grade education .	Bill encouraged his father to go back to school .
Ron loves to swim and used to do it every day at the gym .	He is older now and has a hard time getting in and out of the pool .
Connie seemed to breeze through schoolwork with ease .	Ella did n't think she was as good as Connie .
He had been trying to work a full time job and pastor a church too .	It was a huge responsibility and he was just worn out .
At the track , Jenny 's dad let her pick a horse for every race .	Jenny 's picks won more often than her dad 's .
When the class started , Kate felt even more nervous during role call .	The instructor assigned everyone difficult work .
He decided to enhance his training methods .	He decided to only wear minimalist footwear .
He had many different flavors .	Unfortunately , he had no customers .
I took many notes .	I learned a lot about Spain .
Amy arrived at the park and found Ben waiting for her .	He smiled big when he saw her .
Her boyfriend Edmund was visiting .	They searched the cupboards for something easy to cook .
He decided to drive home from the bar .	He thought he was sober enough to make it home .
The painting depicted a Native American chief .	Following a hunch , I had it appraised .
Ann started to date a coworker of hers against company policy .	They tried to keep it a secret .
Diane 's family did n't have a lot of money .	When she was 10 Year 's old , she was allowed to pick one dress .
She had no idea who could have sent it .	Despite her efforts , she never did find out who sent the candy .
He struggled to tie his tie properly .	He had to call his dad to ask him what he was doing wrong .
Tim fed the bears .	The bears got sick .
Ruth went to a flea market to shop for interesting things .	The parking lot was full so she had to park her car elsewhere .
The ice cream got melty and sort of made a mess .	When he got home , he froze what was left of it .
His glasses fell down and broke in half .	He needed to take an exam next period so he taped up his glasses .
Yesterday we were told the landlord was installing fire equipment .	The equipment is designed to stop stovetop fires .
Harriet was his manager .	Harriet quit the company .
I was walking up the stairs .	Suddenly , I fell !
The driver of the car swerved and crashed into a tree .	The people were fine and the Pizza Man offered them a free slice .
She asked her mom if they could go to her favorite restaurant .	Her mother agreed they should go out to eat to celebrate .
Soon the project was done !	Jim was so excited to learn a new skill .
It was Mary 's 15th birthday .	She really wanted something special for her birthday .
He bought some gas for the mower .	He put the gas in the mower and started it .
I just bought a new video game that I can not wait to play .	Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it .
Miranda had a craving for something salty .	She tried to eat some chips but she still craved something .
Lauren sank basket after basket .	Her coach made shot after shot .
She started working more and paying bills .	She sold everything she did n't need .
He needed to pay bills today , but his money was all gone .	Now he had find a way to make money today !
A car came up and started tailgating him .	He waved them over to pass him .
My favorite part of summer is swimming in the pool .	I could splash around for hours .
Ronnie procrastinated his essay .	He could n't concentrate .
I agreed to let my pet bunny be in the play .	I assured the lead actor that he was friendly .
When Joy was ten Year 's old , her family moved .	She had to go to a new school and make new friends .
This baby was very cute , but had a problem .	This baby cried nonstop .
Estelle was driving home from work .	She was texting and did not see a stop sign .
She noticed that her headphones were starting to cut out .	For a minute , they stopped working and she thought they were done for .
She handed the picture to the hairdresser .	The woman cut Jessica 's hair .
The Captain was on a tight schedule .	I found it rather boring .
My friend Tina said she felt sick while we were on the phone .	She kept talking although she sounded sick .
She tells her boss she is ready to work extra hard for the promotion .	Suzy comes in early and stays late to show her dedication .
Briana started to worry .	Luckily , they found the turtle under the table .
She finished just in time to watch the show .	But , Mandy fell asleep during the show .
Suddenly , the door hit a bump .	The entire thing began to fall down .
His first batch came out weak and terrible .	His second batch was a little better .
But when he needed to go bed , he could n't sleep .	Jim found himself wide awake until 5 AM .
He went to the doctor .	The doctor gave him medicine .
I can always tell when the mail truck is coming .	The mail truck makes a loud squeaking sound when it stops .
His horse Fred pushed the door and ran out .	Matthew ran after him for an hour .
Maddie was at school .	Her eye started to itch .
Suddenly , Ben felt something crawl across his back .	He screamed and whirled around in his chair .
Out of all the sports to play , it 's the one that rhymed with his name .	In college he started going by Rocket .
I was playing on top of the monkey bars one day .	I decided to get on the top of the monkey bars .
She ran every day and never ate junk food .	She followed her plan faithfully for a month .
The family decided to take a trip to the beach one hot summer day .	On the car ride there , they passed their neighbors on the road .
His mother got a new boyfriend who did n't like Charles , the baby .	He threw Charles into the deep end of a swimming pool to die .
The tree fell on Fred and he broke his arm .	He had to go to the hospital .
Clara used to be a very active person .	Unfortunately , she developed arthritis as she got older .
Mom asked Jake to clean out the fridge .	Jake could n't hear his mom because he had earphones on .
She worked abroad for a year .	When she returned back to the US and she got a raise .
It was a lot of hard work , because their tree is artificial .	They had to build the tree from pieces .
Hector took a wrong turn .	Alex was never able to get to the forest .
One of the requirements was for her to cheer in a quiet room .	She tried to , but it felt awkward and did n't sound good .
I decided I wanted to adopt a cat .	I went to the cat shelter , and one cute cat bit my hand .
Instead of getting his ammo , he bought ammo at the range .	The ammo at the range was very expensive .
He did stretches and yoga .	Finally the big night came .
Kelly and her boyfriend went for a walk on the beach .	They jumped over the waves and had fun .
They can fly like superman and climb obstacles .	There is even a zipline .
Nita called the number on the tag .	Soon , the dog 's happy owner came to retrieve him .
Tim went to an introductory karate class .	Tim enjoyed his class .
After the tulip was open , a scorpion came out .	It jumped on the farmer 's shoulder .
As she began , she had a lot of trouble .	Macy wrote a letter to a talented musician for help .
After a while , he got an estimate for how much it would cost .	He was really thankful that he had bought the warranty .
Suddenly , it started to rain .	My dog wanted to go back home .
The puppy barked and whined to get her owner 's attention .	Her owner filled the food dish .
I ate at a restaurant called Raffertys .	After dinner we made it to the dance club !
Kim left her house to go to the pool .	She met up with some close friends .
Ira wanted to play tennis .	She asked her sister to show her how .
He waited by his computer until the tickets were available .	He quickly bought tickets for two different showings .
I tried putting it back together and it could n't work .	My doctor ended up looking for a better alternative .
He began feeling pain in his wrists .	He went to the doctor .
At the meet , Bobby won all of his matches and earned first place !	He went home with the gold medal !
We started to playfully sword fight each other .	When I blocked Scott 's blade it stabbed into my hand .
It was terrible .	I knew not to go back there .
Ramona was in her house with her friends having a party .	The girls were having fun when Ramona felt something .
Tia 's neighbor handed her some mail that had been wrongly delivered .	Tia smiled , grateful for her kind neighbor !
Luke came running down the stairs as fast as he could .	Matt was right behind him .
He started saving for the trip for many years .	Eventually he had enough saved to take the trip .
Lauren was taking photos of her son outside .	It was his first birthday and she wanted some nice pictures .
Jake had recently bought a house .	About a week later , there was a hurricane that passed through .
My friends got a new dog .	It was really out of control .
We got onto the boat , wearing raincoats .	We visited the wax museum .
Suddenly , he heard a sharp knock at the door .	He quickly stopped making any noise .
They decided to visit the Statue of Liberty on Ellis Island .	Kim and her friend wanted to have lunch and then catch a ferry .
I go visit my friend at her house .	We go for a walk .
They decided to go have drinks instead .	It was a great day despite the weather .
The announcer said her town had to evacuate .	The family packed their car and got on the road .
Shawn realized that he must go to class if he wants to pass .	Shawn started going to class and he passed all of his finals .
Her grandmother 's roommate had a pet .	The pet was a colorful parrot .
Her mom told her to wait till friday .	Lilly began to cry .
Jimmy would spy on her with his dad 's hunting binoculars .	One day the neighbor 's dad came knocking on the door .
His parents kept saying he was too young .	He decided to sneak into a theater
There was a serial killer on the loose in New Orleans .	Detective Brown was determined to find him .
But as she lay in bed she could n't fall asleep .	When she did finally fall asleep she , kept waking up .
Alas , he was expecting a call from his friend .	Sure enough , his phone died and he could n't recharge it .
My nephew 's wife works in a bank .	One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers .
Mary protested and though she would hate it .	Mary was surprised to learn French food was very diverse .
She needs to pay rent and is behind on her bills .	She has been looking for more work but ca n't find any .
Reese saw that he left his suitcase which was ticking .	His manager called the police and the building was evacuated .
When Monday came around Janet woke up to the sound of her phone .	She checked the time and realized she had overslept for her exam !
Josh and Marie just had twins .	They brought them home from the hospital .
When they were on the road it took forever .	When they got there Kelly was relieved .
It was the day of the super bowl .	Jim invited his friends to come over .
Mitt was going bungee jumping .	At first he was very nervous .
After high school , Ben joined the Air Force .	Ben is now an Air Force drone pilot .
He jogged on the sidewalk , along a busy street .	He smelled jog but continued for another half hour .
But as they worked , Omar realized they two were very alike .	He ended up becoming great friends with his new trainee !
All of a sudden I felt huge hunger pains .	I decided to get a quick slice of pizza .
At first she was apprehensive .	She thought she would look silly .
She was having a great time , until something touched her foot .	She was very upset and ran to the shore , screaming .
He decided that he would buy new shoes for the hike .	He bought an off-brand pair because it was cheap .
Chris loved the car very much .	Chris thanked his parents sincerely and graciously for the car .
James worked at Washington State University .	He was the janitor for the whole of the university grounds .
She thought she would n't be able to attend , but then she got a note .	It was from the quarterback , and it invited her to be his prom date !
They fought and Derek won .	Dean did not talk to him again .
Cindy was hungry and quickly ate it .	But a few minutes later , her stomach began to turn .
The captain kept them calm .	The storm passed after five hours .
The hairdresser proceeded to cut and dye her hair .	At the end , Marcia looked in the mirror .
The bank found no evidence to prove it , and let the matter drop .	Harry retired soon after to a private island .
Samantha made a to-do list and started on her chores .	Samantha was able to finish all of her chores !
James was a fire chief who wanted to retire to Florida .	He moved to Florida but missed cooking for the fire fighters .
They stood at the edge of the lake and yelled `` Hello ! ''	As they waited , they heard an echo come back to them , saying `` Hello ! ''
Across the grass field I saw a bull .	I looked him in the eyes .
Joan sent her son on a camping trip with the school .	While he was gone , she cleaned out the spare bedroom .
Austin decided to bike to the store and get food anyways .	In the end , Austin 's parents found out did but not get mad at him .
His coach told him he could n't hit the golf ball every time .	Andrew spent the next year perfecting his golf swing .
Her mother insisted there was nothing , but Tasha had heard noises .	Her mother got quite a surprise when she saw a rat scurrying !
Briana and Jamie were playing outside .	They wanted to go to the general store but only had one bike .
My idea will make the show 's producers a lot of money .	I would tell you what it is but you might steal it .
Although I did n't study , I decided to take the test .	I ended up failing .
The ballots proved confusing , however .	When they were all counted , Pat Buchanan had somehow won .
When it was large , the community rebelled against Bill .	Bill was ousted as a moderator for his strictness .
She freaked out since the text was a threat .	She reported the incident to her school .
Joe flirted with the 20 year old waitress the whole time .	Mindy excused herself saying she had to use the restroom .
Yanis was scared that his dog would run away !	Unfortunately , his dog did indeed run away .
He did n't realize there was no more toilet paper .	He had to use napkins instead .
Juan 's father could n't fix it .	The lawn mower turned out to be defective .
She went to a department store .	Nicole found some covers that she liked .
George looked around , and took a bite of the tasty dessert .	The cookies were delicious and he ate every single one of them .
I had more important things on my mind .	I was getting a scholarship to Yale .
Everyone else had already made friends .	As Kelly walked into the building she saw some nice girls .
When we were alone waiting in the car for her mom , Ann made a comment .	She said she sure hoped I did n't want to kiss her .
The bread started to burn in the toaster .	I had to unplug it .
Jason 's headphones have n't worked for many weeks .	He has been commuting to and from work without any music .
The puppy scratched at the door .	He wanted to go out to play .
Although he was no carpenter , he tried so hard to make it special .	He even figured out a way to put in a skylight and windows .
Finally the first firework exploded into the air .	She was surprised at how loud it was !
He needed to get an A on his final exam to pass the class .	John spent the weeks before the exam studying all day long .
I took it into the shop to get looked at .	The computer had a virus and the repairs would be costly .
Then it came time to harvest the corn .	Eva really enjoyed eating her home grown corn !
My grandmother had a rare uterine cancer that went undetected .	By the time the cancer was diagnosed , my grandmother needed hospice .
When Bruce got home from school he turned on the radio and sang along .	He thought he was alone but his mother was listening in the next room .
Gordy took it personally .	He decided to shave his beard off .
After Christmas Susan decided to take down the Christmas tree .	Her children cried about having to put their favorite ornaments away .
The peanut butter was in powdered form so she just added water .	As she began to taste it , her taste buds exploded .
He buys 10 bags in total .	Hill wallet is empty now .
Gina 's friend Tami had a colorful new folder .	Gina asked where she got it .
Vito decided to take it directly to the police station .	He left feeling really good about himself .
Finally Emily asked him why .	He explained that a penny was only lucky if it was heads up .
I waited for my new instrument and did not leave my house that day .	I was so delighted my guitar was delivered that January afternoon !
The bus stop was fifty feet away from them .	The bus passed right by the stop as no passengers were seen waiting .
At first she was unsteady on the roller blades .	It was n't long before Amy was off and going on her roller blades .
A boy that I like saw us and swam out to our boat .	I should have expected it when he tipped us over .
Luckily , her friend offered to lend her a hair pin .	She put it into her hair and then left to get married .
Right next to his creepy dog .	Bill kept on being creepy his whole life .
Lenny developed his business and expanded .	Lenny now shares his sandwich passion with thousands of people .
Finally the captain made a motion for everyone to look to the horizon .	A large blue whale breached the water before Kathy 's eyes .
He walked through town and handed out matches to all the kids he saw .	Be the time he got back to the station there were 3 calls about fires .
Ava had a miscarriage .	She had to be hospitalized .
She stumbled over her first few words .	Eventually she got more comfortable and did a good job .
Tom must give up his french fries and lose weight .	He works very hard and is successful .
The school was on a lockdown .	The kids sat quietly , and waited .
Her mother noticed that there was lots of dust in her room .	So Jen used a duster to clean as much of it as she could .
One morning he sat down to have a bowl of cereal .	He noticed a big fat racoon eating out of the dog bowl .
When she got the playlist , she was very happy .	It cheered her up to know I had thought of her when I made it .
Many of my friends posted theirs .	I thought it was ok .
I wanted to stand my ground and agreed .	She paused and left .
Johnny owned a home and wanted to take in his mother .	But she insisted on living in a shelter .
His girlfriend Suzy knows this .	She buys him a bag of gummy worms .
Sam was running for president .	He started getting a following .
He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before	He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground .
Gina did n't know where the key was .	But she was n't about to tell her mother that .
Jane loved jumping on the trampoline in her backyard .	She especially loved doing tricks on it .
She started the timer but forgot to cover it .	When she came back , the microwave was covered with food .
Amy took her seat in class next to Ray like any other day .	Ray smiled and tried to start a conversation .
I was using my laptop one day to do work .	I began to get thirsty so I got up for water .
He taxied to his hotel and checked in .	Then he set off on foot to explore the African land .
Several days later she got the money for the gum .	The gum was all the sweeter for the long wait .
Not wanting to be sent to bed , she quickly covered her mouth .	Mom saw the yawn and the cover-up and smiled .
Ken has been practicing all week .	The game comes and Ken blocks all the other team 's goals .
During the movie , and then at dinner , they chatted nonstop .	At the end of the night , Jessie asked him for a second date !
I called the number on the ad and entered my name .	I spent a week working on a nice logo .
He wanted to have friends over and play football on the weekends .	So he asked his neighbors if that was ok .
When he was a baby his mother noticed his legs were not kicking .	They took him to the hospital and he was diagnosed with polio .
The man moved to Iowa .	The man opened the back door of his apartment .
Bob eventually bought a special computer program to teach him math .	Bob definitely became more proficient in math .
Jim saw that his front steps were covered in ice .	He took some salt from his garage and spread it on the steps .
The whole sequence of dominoes toppled over .	Dan was thrilled with his crafty work !
She works two jobs and has two kids .	She asked her mom if she would watch the kids for a weekend .
Conrad rented a hot air balloon for the afternoon .	The winds carried him further than he expected .
Karen wanted to meet a man .	She asked her friends and they did n't know anyone .
Paul did not like being looked at like a freak .	He tried to hunch over to make himself look smaller .
Even though the doctors were fully warned about this .	They put my niece through a bad labor instead of doing a c section .
We spend too much going out to eat every week .	Mom planned on making more meals ahead of time .
Finally he had carrots , beans and broccoli .	He realized vegetables tasted better when you grew them yourself .
One day , he checked his email .	He saw that the client had sent him a bonus tip of one hundred dollars
She had hoped the bully would pick on the new boy in her class .	But the new boy had n't been bullied .
Milly was playing with her jack in the box .	She always startled when jack jumped up .
One was a little pink dress and the other was a pair of overalls .	She chose the pink dress and wore her brand new outfit the same day .
I saw a pretty girl in the university library .	I quickly scribbled out a poem by Keats I had memorized .
She decided to volunteer for a organization in need .	She looked at a lot of different non-profit organizations .
John complied , practicing often .	Soon he was an excellent shot !
He decided he would .	He picked out a new bike .
She got sick and could not play for three weeks .	She worked hard to get her game back .
A young man worked as an apprentice at a bicycle shop .	A customer sent a bike into the shop for repair .
He was seeking deer .	He did not hear anything as wolves snuck up behind him .
So he drove his truck down and bought it with cash .	He now rides with a smile every single day .
He waited till I was hanging upside from a tree branch .	He smacked me in the head with a broom and made me fall .
It had lots of iron and other sediment in it .	Worse it was red and off putting .
He asked his parents to buy him a skateboard for his birthday .	Simon 's parent 's thought skateboards were dangerous .
He chewed on the slipper and fought with it .	Finally the slipper was reduced to shreds .
Lisa was going on her first plane ride to visit some cousins .	She was very nervous about flying in a plane .
She stopped in her tracks .	Gina did n't want to move again .
Amy 's flight was at 5AM .	She decided to go to sleep early and laid down at 9PM .
He ended up getting towed .	In the end , he was on time to work and the man brought him a donut .
Mother made some turkey sandwiches .	She gathered chips and punch and added them .
Karen 's dog did n't know any tricks .	She really wanted to teach him .
Shay was on a dinner date .	He was very hungry .
They argued about who it belonged to .	They were very mad .
The lady at the counter asked if I needed help but I declined .	I was embarrassed to I just picked a cream at random .
It picked a song he had never heard before .	He listened to it , and found that he loved it .
Beans offered healthy protein too , and they were cheap !	Anna 's kids soon ate beans with every meal .
My husband and I went to a park by Puget Sound yesterday .	A bald eagle flew over the top of us while we were there .
As a college senior on the campus paper , I won reporter of the week .	My broadcast teacher leaked classified information in class .
Tom has a panic attack .	Tom abandons his job at the middle of his shift .
Rita got a new piano the other day .	She thought it would be a good background .
One day , Carrie saw a small crab on the beach .	Carrie decided to also feed the friendly crab as well .
Beth decides to go to the prom and a party , so she is out very late .	She barely makes it in time for her race and does very poorly .
He noticed a flyer advertising a local hot air balloon festival .	A few days later he went to the festival .
We always fight on what to watch when we go out .	We compromise now and each take turns picking the movies we see .
There were long needles sticking out of her snout .	She had met up with a porcupine .
He went to the lake every night to swim .	He practiced his strokes and moves .
The band manager was there and settled it down .	Everyone was fine after
He put in random spices from his cabinet .	However a mouse jumped into the soup .
Madison had a song stuck in her head .	All day she found herself humming the tune .
Al wanted to go to his friend 's party to find a girl to date .	But his dad insisted he stay home to mow the lawn instead !
He went and bought the tickets for her Christmas gift .	Amanda was shocked when she unwrapped the gift and saw what they were .
It was a test day .	Jim flunked his class .
They were having problems starting the fire .	One of the Scouts was an Eagle Scout .
She still needed to do the second coat .	Finally , she decided she would need to buy more .
He saved his allowance for several weeks to pay for driving school .	He worked extra shifts at his job to eventually afford a car .
Arnold was a healthy young man but he did have on problem .	Arnold was really skinny for his height .
As he went back to the car , he slipped on a patch of ice .	As he fell , he felt something in his back pocket bump him .
She realized that there was a hole in her tent .	A bird must have made a hole there while she was sleeping .
Audrey went out in the morning to start the car before work .	The made a clicking sound and would n't start .
She was excited to hear that they accepted her for the show .	Samantha ended up winning America 's Next Top Model .
We spent the whole time in our hotel rooms caring for the sick ones .	It was the worst time to catch a stomach bug .
She had to try out for the boys ' team !	She gave it her best effort .
Madison was at the gas station .	She was buying a snack .
Pete felt destroyed by the rejection .	Pete finally met someone new .
He dropped his phone .	He reached down to pick it up .
His friends all invited him to go stag with them instead .	Jose had a great time at the prom with his friends .
Soon , we were on the road .	It did n't take long for us to get there at all !
It ran towards Sam and attacked her .	The zookeepers managed to calm the bear down .
Tia did n't know that pork must be fully cooked before consumption .	She had accidentally made her husband sick !
He had no way of paying it back .	Eventually collection agencies were after him .
After 4 hours his mother made him turn the game off. ,	He was forced to go outside and get some exercise .
Everyday she cared for her garden .	It grew into the most beautiful garden in the neighborhood .
Girls did it all the time , so why could n't he ?	He chose to go from dark brown to bleach blonde .
He turned on the hose as he crossed his fingers for luck .	A smile spread on his face as the kitchen remained dry .
One day she wrote that she was in danger .	Kevin took a plane to go see her .
He thought it was very boring .	He could barely understand the game .
Billy stopped for coffee on his way to work .	The coffee energized him .
She found one in the bathroom .	She screamed and ran out .
Around graduation , he bragged about going pro .	First he went to San Diego State University and played football .
The high school baseball team was leading the north district .	They had one more game to win to go to State .
Mark did n't think his profession would interfere with his friendship .	But his perception changed when he represented his friend in court .
The next time I tried another different brand .	I loved the thrill of a new brand this time too .
They did everything together .	In college Mary began to party and get drunk every night .
Jane was teaching her daughter .	It was basic math .
Her head was bleeding and she could not remember her name .	She heard a strange noise and saw a bright light .
One day he hit his biggest winnings yet .	He scratched off a $ 250,000 winner .
They went to a lot of different stores , but nothing stood out to them .	Finally , in the last store they went to , they found the perfect chair .
Humpback whales are huge !	My friend has a recording of the sound they make under the water .
Liz was a lover of the outdoors .	She hiked , fished , and even hunted whenever she got the chance .
It turns out her grandma did n't buy snacks .	Gina was disappointed she had to eat her sandwich without chips .
But when he pulled the bread out of the oven , he frowned .	The bread had not risen !
Laura wanted to play the harp .	She signed up for lessons in school .
It was a hot summer day and the stand became busy .	Later , Teresa 's kids ran into the house happy and excited .
He wandered through the barren streets of Chicago at night .	He noticed he was being followed , by who or what , he did n't know .
Suddenly , she saw that she was going to hit a car .	She swerved to miss it and was barely able to maintain control .
He kept procrastinating on getting them .	One day it was raining out and Sam tried to stop .
Sue was supposed to bring a dish to a potluck supper .	She made a cheap dish with macaroni to avoid spending extra .
Lulu was walking her dog in New York City yesterday .	To her surprise however she came across a celebrity sighting .
Sam was playing football with Mike .	But the football got stuck in a tree .
When he got home he put the same in smaller bottles .	Bob sold the exotic sand collections online .
In fact she may have felt worse .	She lay her head on the table until the bell rang .
She had a list of ten that she applied to .	When she got her decisions , she got accepted to only four of them .
I have been taking cold showers before work for a year now .	I nicely asked her to hurry up in the shower .
Amy worked hard to save money for a vacation .	She finally had enough saved for a nice vacation .
The doctor told Jack to go to the emergency room instead .	An ultrasound showed that Jack had appendicitis .
Mark hung up a racy poster of a lingerie model in his room .	Mark 's mom saw the poster while putting his laundry away .
The new neighbor in the townhome association was unusual .	He painted his townhouse a garish neon yellow color !
She decided to turn it off .	That was enough for her .
Jessica had just had her baby .	He was a hefty baby and a lot of the stuff she had was too small .
She took practice exams and studied every day .	Lindsay passed her first three certifications with ease .
There were five of us that summer , and we decided to start a club .	Our names were Chere , Heather , Adrienne , MiMi and Paula .
Cruz was allergic to many things .	He was tired of having to be so cautious because of his allergies .
Finally she saw one she liked .	But then she saw it actually had a flaw .
She enjoyed swimming and eating lunch with her friends .	At the end of the party , everyone said goodbye and gave hugs .
She is big , and makes it hard for one of us to stretch out .	My wife put pillows in the corners , forcing Tibby into the middle .
I vacuumed the floors .	My room was sparkling clean .
Sam had really bad pain in his wrists .	He was developing carpal tunnel syndrome from his computer use .
Gina stood in a black dress , and black stockings at a grave .	When the wind blew she wished she were in pants .
When I was 15 , I had an imaginary friend .	My imaginary friend was named Jeff .
However they were really expensive .	So , I never expected to actually get one as a gift .
Kim could n't find her car in the garage .	She was sure she was on the right floor .
They checked the equipment and nothing was amiss .	It turned out that one of the vocalists was hiding laryngitis .
The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies .	Carter loved the party .
During the speech she threw up in her mouth .	She swallowed it and barely finished the speech .
He ran his hand on a piece of metal .	The metal cut his thumb deep .
When it was time to check out I got in line .	The register broke when it was my turn in line .
She also started to speak with vulgar language .	Although it was a surprise , Gary was speechless .
By the end of the week he had 20 videos uploaded .	He did n't think people would watch them .
Sarah was baking hand pies .	First she had to make the crust and cut it into circles .
Soon he graduated with honors .	He got a raise at his job for having his new degree !
The adviser put Steve on a strict budget and organized his payments .	Before long Steve was paying all his bills on time and was debt free .
Carl was using Google Maps to get directions to his new job .	But when he got them , he noticed an interesting feature .
They had a case of beer in their hands .	Jill asked for their ID to verify that they were over 21 .
Once at practice , though , Ben had an accident .	He was halfway through the 400 meter when he slipped on the gravel .
Everyone knew Sam was forgetful .	So they were worried about him being in the school play .
It was a great way meet people and show her school spirit .	Her costume made her feel beautiful and dramatic .
An alarm went off and they started to panic .	The cops came in and arrested all of them .
One day she ran against a boy to get a ball	She got the ball and took out the boy .
Santa 's lap had become very wet .	Santa also smelled heavily of alcohol .
Vince pulled out his bear spray and hand gun and unloaded on the bear .	The couple fled the scene and left their hike in their car .
She was by the jeans when the alarm went off .	Kelly was shocked and scared .
Her quilts were beautiful .	Ryan 's girlfriend loved her quilts .
She was exasperated .	Her lawyer said she must produce a document as executor of the estate .
As they rode Beth realized this was boring .	When it ended they pretended like they had fun .
Steve heard a funny joke on the radio .	He thought it was so funny that he wanted to tell it to his friends .
Lary was taught by his father how to make delicious lasagna .	He brought his family secret to America .
I looked on my phone and my ex had tagged me with lovey dovey stuff .	I raced home and convinced my husband I only wanted to be with him .
Bob needed to study for an exam .	He only had one day before the test .
The dog did not seem to like Tom .	The dog would bark and scratch him .
Yesterday I went for a run .	I ran to the park .
Tyler was flunking out of college .	One day he decided that he was going to study all day .
The only way to ease the pain was to get another dog immediately .	Max and the puppy got along well although Max only had a year to live .
His brother had just had a huge debt problem , so he told to avoid them	So Mike always was aware of the dangers the cards can bring .
Colin overheard his father on the phone .	So he runs downstairs to find his mother .
While playing I hid behind a bush .	After playing , i felt itchy .
He walked around the house trying to find the source .	For some reason , he could n't locate it .
He felt it tasted too plain .	He had an idea .
She asked her kids to be at the photographer 's studio on time .	They all showed up .
As the day approaches , a hurricane is scheduled to arrive .	Upset and angry , Chanel went into panic mode about her party .
He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches .	He stuck to his plan for over a week .
But afterwards , he had a headache .	So he tried to eat less the next day .
My friend recommended that I mix the lentils with rice .	I decided to give her recommendation a try .
I had to spend six months in a rehabilitative facility .	I realized that weightlifting was not the sport for me .
Then she found a great deal on a discount site .	Lea not only bought a ticket , she upgraded to first class too !
Bill just bought a house .	He wanted to do renovations to it .
She had to pay for tv , the internet , and her phone .	She regretted moving out of her mom 's house at such a young age .
She chopped up some onions and got started with dinner .	She worked hard over the stove for about an hour .
It had long been tradition to hunt whales during the Spring .	Hung 's family had been doing it for many generations .
She jumped on the seat .	My side went up quickly .
Katie was getting nervous because she lost her puppy .	She looked everywhere for it .
For his lawyer he chose a 12 year old kid .	The judge allowed this only if the kid could pass a test .
A man in a wheelchair rolled in and began harassing customers .	What we did n't know was that he was suffering a major brain aneurysm .
Amy had a severe ear infection .	Her balance was compromised by the fluid in her ear .
She was lonely being by herself .	She called up her mother .
His parents encourage him to try out for the team anyway .	He summons the courage to come to football tryouts .
She glanced through the take out ads and settled on pizza .	Her family shouted out what they wanted while she was on the phone .
Johnny 's parents signed him up for lessons at the local YMCA .	He learned to swim , so he was able to go to camp and have fun .
I love to watch my greyhound run .	One day I saw first-hand how quickly he can get up to 40MPH .
He checked his phone and saw the game was going into overtime .	He tried to get back in the arena , but the doors were locked .
Aria had applied for a school a few months ago .	She had just received a response in the mail .
He started feeling strange .	He was currently in the car .
Tim had to clean the basement .	His parents told him to .
Her teacher recommended that she join a new one , one that he liked .	She approached the group and asked if they needed any help .
How long had time been this way was a mystery to him .	Suddenly the clock ticked over to 5:00 pm .
Mark had a nasty cough .	He tried to cover his mouth but it was too late .
While it printed , the paper jammed and ruined the essay .	Erin was forced to drive to the library in order to print .
I choose to have the website send me an authorization code in text .	I received the code and entered into the website .
She needs it to go to sleep .	I lost it on our walk today .
When Steve took up hiking , his dad gave him a compass .	As his dad showed how to use it , Steve daydreamed about the trek .
They issued him a pass and told him where his office would be .	Tom waited until nearly lunchtime before his supervisor appeared .
Angie went to a cocktail party hosted by her best friend .	She overheard a neighbor criticizing the host 's taste .
When she got to the store , the blue dress was sold out .	They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it 's place .
His teammates knew his birthday was coming up and planned a gift .	Harry was happy when they gave him a jersey from his favorite team .
It was Tim 's turn to kick the ball .	He had been practicing at home for days .
Bill 's brother visited , and told Bill he 'd better deal with problems .	Bill gave in and visited a bankruptcy attorney .
I cleaned it up .	Instead of trying again , I ordered pizza instead .
He viciously ripped open the packaging and ate the treats .	His owner found the place in a mess when he got home .
In total , there were four new bills that arrived that day .	She got out her spreadsheet to make sense of the finances .
Mary wanted to spend a day by the pool .	But the deck was too hot to lay in .
The media reported Mad Cow Disease was going around .	Charles began researching the incident .
The swings were all gone .	Brie was upset the rest of the day .
His dad showed him once and then made Matt change it while he watched .	After one try Matt changed the tire by himself perfectly .
One day , Nell snuck a roll of quarters from the cash drawer .	Nell 's dad discovered that money was missing .
I opened the bottle and did not find a pirate map .	Instead , it was part of a high school science project on currents .
He moved into the dorms and signed up for his classes .	Mark quickly realized that he had taken too many classes .
Ana could not remember any of the chords !	But soon she grew into a great guitar player .
The only problem was that Sammy did not know how to run a restaurant .	Sammy spent many months working closely with his father .
Linda does not know that , so she keeps loading pictures up .	Now everyone is sick of Linda on the internet , and she is sad .
Jay lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms .	The storms could be pretty bad , leaving roads impassable .
When they saw it was safe , his family joined him .	Now Jake ca n't get them to stop , they 're having so much fun .
They talked for a few minutes and walked away .	When Kenya got home , she began crying .
When she was done she handed it to the store worker .	They cleaned her mug for her and gave it back .
The animal was a skunk and it had sprayed Jennifer .	She never lets her dog out alone anymore .
Soon , he was getting pretty good at soccer .	The next time they played at school he was picked last again .
He even wrote a small message with icing .	She loved the cake that Chris made for her .
The rent money was due last week .	We did n't have it in time .
He loved the pasta and meatballs !	But he was leaving soon , so it was time for a change .
The room was silent .	Her pencil broke .
He rode it everyday .	One day the horse was sick .
She wanted to remain composed .	She would cry when she was alone .
The basketball game was tied 30-30 .	One of the players had been fouled and was up to shoot .
In the middle of the park , a few gun shots got fired .	Everyone ducked in order to protect themselves .
He worked as hard as he could for months .	He finally saved up the money he needed .
Marcy wanted to start the 21 day fix program .	It was a diet program that made you portion out your food .
Once there , they met with a family who was having trouble with a pest .	The two women set up their gear to capture the unwanted animal .
Jeanie snuck a handful of coins from her dad 's change bowl .	Dropping her off at camp , her parents gave Jeanie ten dollars .
I started stealing and lying .	Eventually , I got caught by the police .
We played sardines in a can .	This is a hide-and-go-seek type of game .
Tina got a new job as a cook at a new restaurant .	She was very excited .
The rescue dog arrived soon after .	John was sad to find the barrel empty .
She could n't wait for the baby to be born .	When the baby was finally born , she was overjoyed to be a mom .
Madison and Max were about to catch a flight .	They did n't have a lot of time to get to the airport .
He ran out of milk though .	He went to the store and bought some milk .
He tried all different kinds of ingredients .	When he found the perfect milkshake recipe , he wrote it down .
We go to her concerts when she comes to Boston .	Attendance was down , so she gave only one concert .
He studied all night for the test .	He just barely missed the school bus as it passed his house .
As he picked it up again the same thing happened .	Cal looked closely and saw his briefcase had a broken latch .
By holding it like that we would be in the right form .	We had a lot of fun , and learned a lot of good habits .
Ashley found the closest swimming facility .	She had a great day of swimming fun .
Little Becky thought her aunt took the catfish .	Little Becky stayed angry at her aunt for a long time .
At the end of the game , Miranda 's team won .	Miranda and her team screamed with joy .
Michael did n't want school to start .	Luckily there was a hurricane passing nearby .
His mother took him to see Santa , but he had no great hopes .	When Santa asked Timmy if he had been good he simply said no .
Without overdoing it , the cheap wine had in some way contributed .	This success let Mickey channel everyday woes toward something fun .
Luckily her boyfriend helped her calm down .	She checked the cut and it was n't very bad .
He made a hole with the force of the impact .	Jimmy got a new pool with the warranty .
The kid jumped in the pond after it .	He came back with his pole and a fish attached .
Nick really wanted to go to Japan .	He thoroughly enjoyed and had knowledge of the country 's culture .
Now she has a lot more customers .	Hannah 's lemonade stand is a great success .
While the doctors worked , she stayed fast asleep .	By the time she woke up , the surgery was over .
But gradually he grew better and better .	Jay rewarded Rex with a treat for his obedience !
Any visitor he had would ask about the clock .	Sometimes , it kept Tom up at night .
There , she laid out and tanned .	Then she dipped in the water .
Her parents like learning toys .	He bought her a big play map of the world .
He seasoned the raw turkey and eventually placed it in the oven .	It was heated for 2-3 hours .
Yesterday she went to her favorite tea store .	She sipped about six different teas .
Ted had a big test tomorrow .	He did not study all week .
The Lee family had a history of serving in the military .	The youngest son of the family , Chang did not want to serve .
She gathered the jewelry and put it away .	Then she realized one of her earrings was missing its match .
They made some red jello in a strawberry mold .	When it was done it looked great .
He needed to use the bathroom .	As he was using it he saw a spider on the wall .
Ken saw a mouse in his kitchen .	He chased after it .
It was redesigned especially for her day .	On her wedding , it was absolutely gorgeous .
He ran from his car into his bomb shelter .	He bolted the door behind him and waited for the big one to come .
Sam , my college roommate , stole a license plate .	Specifically , he took it from a campus security vehicle .
Charles knew letting a gay couple move in his apartment was a mistake .	But he needed the money for rent .
Bill and his brother Bob have a huge fight .	So Bob tells the entire school that Bill wet his bed until he was six .
Papa sat down and let the kids choose which one they wanted .	The kids each wanted a different cat .
Then they went swimming in the lake .	After this they were tired and went home .
She knew that she liked her steaks rare .	Mary cooked the chicken rare .
Tyler liked the rain so he decided it could n't hurt .	Until it started to hail , then it really hurt Tyler , so he ran home .
Finally Charles decided to apply himself and work harder .	He just barely passed all of his classes .
Lina realized her son had cradle cap .	She began applying coconut oil to help heal it .
He prescribed her some medicine .	Annie 's cough was gone in a few days .
Soon after , John invited her along to his weekend plans .	Now Nicole is dating the man she crushed on .
Ella was telling Amy about her family .	Just then her brother walked over to the table .
He catches a mighty sea bass on his first try .	Davis decides that fishing is more fun than he thought .
We danced away the rest of the evening .	And that is how I met my one and only pug-nosed dream .
Sue shifted into gear but the person already rammed into her .	Then he sped past and was nowhere to be found .
She was accepted at UMO and graduated at the top of her class .	Sarah is now a very successful psychologist .
They wanted something that would appeal to customers of all ages .	Finally , they settled on root beer floats .
Kim begged her mother to take her to see the movie .	Kim was sad when her mother said they could n't go .
He pretended to have at his first party .	He did n't know his limit .
She decides to stop going to classes .	Her parents beg her to return to school .
Ava was at the ice cream parlor .	She was debating what kind of cone to get .
She loved how it tasted .	Lucretia no longer thinks that lattes are pretentious .
It was very difficult and she began to hate it .	Finally she decided it was best to quit .
She had not eaten all day .	Luckily , she had a granola bar in her kitchen .
He decides that he needs to clip his toenails .	He diligently clips each toenail until they are neat and trim .
He lived alone .	One day he heard something move .
Her father teaches her how to ride it .	After a couple weeks of practice , Sally can ride her bike on her own .
To make matters worse , a man was following her .	She screamed when the man caught up to her and touched her shoulder .
Paul McCartney had attended the show .	Paul was very impressed with John .
He was out of coffee today !	He was sleepy for the rest of the day .
He stayed up all night finishing the paper .	By morning , it was 100 % complete !
She was hit repeatedly by some larger men and bruised quite badly .	Betty realized a massive pillow fight is a horrible idea .
She was wearing a lot of bracelets .	They were making a lot of noise as she took the test .
I work for a transit authority in Boston .	In 1997 it celebrated the centennial of subway service .
Fred was making spaghetti .	He was trying to put the box away when the bottom end opened .
Marvin had a date with his girlfriend .	When it was time to go he could n't find his phone .
She took him to the pet store as a surprise .	He picked out a black kitten with white feet .
When she turned on the dryer , nothing happened .	Her father looked at it and said it was broken , how could she dry ?
He tried to make her stop but she would n't listen .	Therefore , he slapped her .
The little gave it to him .	The man told a multitude of people to sit down .
This does not make much sense .	Now we own large dogs that are not locked up , instead .
I went to the window and looked out .	A raccoon was holding a rock and hitting the door .
He pulled Ed aside and asked him some questions .	Then he sent the police to arrest Ed 's dad !
Sally went straight to the largest pile of sand .	Sally did not see the large wave coming towards her .
He found the oil cap and removed it .	He tried to pour in oil but spilled it a little .
Hershel was a scrawny young man .	He had very low self esteem .
When she got on stage , she was no longer nervous .	Jasmine received a standing ovation for her scene in the play .
Once the arrived in the little town , they were in a very bad wreck .	No one was hurt , but their truck , food and toys were destroyed .
She started to have a difficult time in paying her bills every month .	So she got a second job .
Nobody could help him , so he had to ask teachers .	He finally found a teacher who could help him and then he took off .
At the end her dog won silver .	Kelly was very happy .
I wanted to wear the shirt to school the next day .	I threw the shirt in the washer with other clothes and some bleach .
Kathy got very sick .	She hated taking medicine .
Seth always wanted to play chess , but he needed an opponent .	One day a teacher at his high school established a chess club .
Quite a few people brought delicious sides .	The men hung around the BBQ and the women gathered to talk .
John was a student at an elementary school .	John found out about an upcoming field trip .
It looked like they were going to go out but then they stayed lit .	Her big brother had put trick candles on her cake .
She decided to get a part time job .	She was able to pay for the orthodontist over time .
We snuck out at night with the equipment .	We ran through his neighborhood shooting at each other .
Jane had nightmares for a week .	Jane promised she would listen to her mom from then on .
We had been walking for a long time and I felt scared .	I became even more frightened when I realized I was hiking alone .
In China there used to be very strict laws .	One girl thought this was unfair , and she organized a protest .
Nobody at work knew exactly where he was from .	He seemed nice but could not speak English very well .
She had n't begun writing yet .	She considered starting it that night .
He chose a tattoo parlor and made an appointment .	When he arrived , the artist was very nice .
Roxy wanted an apple computer .	So she went to the apple website to research computers .
Mr Poke demanded the station stop airing such stories .	The station said it was their duty to inform the public .
We were so happy to have found this dog .	When we got him home , he was so happy too !
As I was moving on the slide , the ride started to go faster .	In addition , the force of the water pushed me out of the slide .
Sarah was known for being an outstanding softball player .	She practiced for several hours a day to improve her skills .
Gina did n't listen and all day at school Gina was cold .	Her mother was not happy that she did n't listen to her advice .
Rico wanted the ham sandwich , so he grabbed that bag .	Rico realized later that he grabbed the wrong bag .
His parents told him he was grounded until it was clean .	Jack decided he still did n't want to clean .
I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner .	I poured the drain cleaner down the drain .
Mia only has an air mattress and does n't want the dogs on it .	Mia makes sure to keep the dogs from her room .
Kevin 's dad had raised him alone after his mom left them .	When his dad grew old and ill , Kevin was unhappy .
He told me that there are no second thoughts .	He ended up being fired once the principal found out .
Alone one night , Lisa watched a ghost movie that left her nervous .	As she turned off the TV , a door suddenly slammed shut upstairs .
They walked around each exhibit .	Her daughter loved the zoo .
They came home and prepared tacos .	The Johnsons had tacos for dinner .
Susan was driving to work .	She kept staring at the road intently .
Tom put two bagel slices in his toaster .	But he realized he had no cream cheese .
Her guests all remark that her place is so nice .	Abby is happy that she invited friends over to her apartment .
Josh always made Emma play football with him .	Emma always lost until she suggested they play soccer .
There he studied the fascinating local culture .	He even learned about the old headhunters !
I leaned forward and she put her hands on my cheeks .	She smiled and told me I reminded her of her father years ago .
Patel whined that she did n't want to marry the man with sores on him .	Her dad ignored her , because it was already arranged .
I got on the horse to get over my fear .	I had a fun time learning how to ride a horse .
Her parents immediately put money under her pillow .	Maggie was happy .
Bonnie loved everything about the rainy .	She particularly liked the smell and sound of it .
She decided to go back to the store .	There , she was able to pick up some corn .
Amy and Beth ran up the hill together .	Beth was proud of herself for making it to the top .
Sara loves books .	She will go anywhere to find a book .
The neighborhood always has a pool party .	Everyone brings a dish .
But he noticed that he was the only alone .	He began to feel sad .
He was able to save the person 's life .	Albert 's fiancee was impressed and he felt heroic .
Most people are born with two but someone decided you only get one .	Sleep little sister knowing that everything was done for you this day .
Jacob works at a convenience store .	He has a long line .
He found a gas station to fill it back up at .	He did n't have a gauge .
Paul dropped his plate .	The plate broke .
Roland definitely thinks that Mike is incorrect .	They argue and settle on a cook off .
The actors had just finished and were bowing .	They invited the crew out on the stage .
He could n't afford to fix his car .	Somehow it still worked so he drove it around like that .
As he arrived , he knew Las Vegas was everything he dreamt of .	When Johnson got home he decided to move to Las Vegas .
I oiled the chain .	The I remembered the three feet of snow outside .
It was determined she needed her gallbladder and appendix out .	Lindsay scheduled the surgery .
This year he saves up his money for a big trip to Tulum , Mexico .	He packs his bags and boards the flight .
One friend said they should call it Mega Tower .	The mayor told the advising committee of the great name .
He had friends who smoked and often offered him cigarettes .	He knew the health risks but he tried it anyway .
But she had no money to donate .	She decided to offer her time instead .
Jill 's ice cream cone fell on the floor .	Jill 's parents bought her a new one .
He got all the ingredients together and preheated the oven .	When he put the cake into the oven , it only took about 30 minutes .
As a child I visited an unfamiliar school for an academic contest .	While at the contest I desperately needed to pee .
I paid five dollars for a block in a Super Bowl pool .	I got the numbers 4 for Panthers , and 9 for Broncos .
Sarah wanted to be more healthy .	She started eating more vegetables and less fast food .
Beth wanted to make some brownies .	Beth found her grandmother 's brownie recipe to use for the brownies .
The pump required four quarters .	He was forced to ask strangers for them .
My husband works hard on our farm every day , even when he 's sick .	Yesterday his stomach hurt and never let up .
Kim walked out to her car and had a flat tire .	Her cell phone was n't charged .
She started following a path that was littered with marbles .	Eventually Sally stopped under a big oak tree .
He now runs at least three times per week .	He maintains a low bodyfat percentage and good health .
In 2000 , he had a midlife crisis and left his wife and kids .	He moved into an apartment , but lost his job .
She was a fraud that just poured water in a special mold .	No one at the party suspected her treachery when she arrived .
He had a strong desire to marry his girlfriend .	Sadly he did n't have enough money to purchase the ring .
Anna was a star volleyball player .	Unfortunately , she really struggled in math .
Allison picked up the phone .	She went to the store to get it repaired .
I had to return them to the store .	I ended up getting a white pair with no heels .
Then , her boss offered to let her wear her sweater .	Sarah put the sweater on and felt nice and warm .
She looked outside wondering what the sound was .	It had started storming and she heard loud thunder .
The clubs and coffee shops were like another world .	It was the most peaceful place I 've ever visited .
I took a trip with my daughter to Atlantic City .	We went shopping on the boardwalk .
Anna hid her in the basement when the Nazis searched her house .	After the war , Anna adopted the girl as her own .
His father was walking down the street behind him .	He was calling the boy to come back and fight some more .
When he got home , his mom did n't notice right away .	His mom DID notice when half his glasses fell in his noodle soup !
He never got a response back .	Suddenly , out of nowhere , National Geo wanted to hire him .
We crunched through the snow to a pond .	Rich stepped out onto the ice .
Bella was in eighth grade .	She was at her very first house party .
She was reading a book when she felt a sharp pain in her arm .	Her arm was swollen due to a bee sting !
Jorge went to the local store to buy a nail clipper .	When he got home he cut all of his nails very neatly .
Rowan was in the hospital because he broke his leg in an accident .	He was bored so he called took his phone and called his friend Janice .
The man on the phone laughed .	The father got mad and hung up .
The newcomer surged forward and ended up eating thirty two pies .	He took home the trophy and was crowned the Pie Man of the year .
Then Amanda found a perfect solution .	After high school , she became a personal shopper .
Steve began visiting the gym every day .	Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained .
I went to the store and bought several gallons of paint .	I painted a mural and bricks on the wall .
A lot of people take advantage of the soda refill machine .	Charles thought no one was ever arrested for an illegal soda refill .
One year , his team made it to the state championships .	However , Tom could not make it .
He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood .	Dan was able to save money .
Jim was able to buy a guitar and tried to learn on his own .	Jim decided he needed some help .
One day the oyster opened with a pearl inside !	Oscar 's oyster was far from useless that day !
When she got home she opened the box to have some cereal .	She noticed that the inside bag had been opened already .
A few minutes later , an Ambulance came speeding the other way .	The news today said the man who crashed survived .
He received encouragement from friends and family .	He started the race strong .
The friend kept distracting her .	Jane wound up running a stop sign .
She was frenzied .	She had n't made nearly enough food !
When his parents found him drawing on the wall , they were upset .	However , they decided they were going to give him more attention .
They had baby chicks you could rent .	You would take them home for a few weeks .
Mark always was trying to find things for his dogs to do together .	He tried to throw balls , give them bones , nothing worked .
Dj smelled a foul stench .	He realized his son 's diaper needed changing .
He learned that the class taught things that were not exactly true .	He began to research many historical accounts of facts .
Since I was already five minutes late , I ran to my class .	My belongings were soaked in water on the day .
If he did n't , Krampus would put him in a bag and beat him .	Finn started having nightmares about Krampus .
I have recently started having green smoothies for breakfast each day .	I start with some kind of leafy greens , like spinach or chard .
She placed it in the microwave .	A few seconds later , it started to vibrate and laser shocks were sent .
He signed up with a website that allowed him to do that .	Two weeks later , he received a package in the mail .
They went into the garage and turned on the music .	They kids seemed to calm down .
She filed for unemployment , but was rejected .	Without any money , she had to move in with her parents .
Employees began following her around offering to help her .	Eventually there were six people following her everywhere she went .
It only motivated her to practice swimming harder .	She swam from one end of the pool to another over and over .
The kids swam in the water for hours as the parents watched .	When it was time to go home , they called the kids to come to shore .
Someone was in his seat .	He asked the man nicely to move .
His son unexpectedly threw up .	Luckily , he felt better after a few minutes .
Tom was visiting his uncle 's farm .	His uncle showed him how to milk a cow .
Ness was going to work her way through Europe .	She was ready to explore and see the world !
At the party , there was beer .	All the kids were underage .
The captain decided to sail around the new island to map it .	Eventually , the natives became angry and they had to sail away .
Rachel had n't see a doctor in awhile .	She needed to get her blood drawn .
The quarterback threw Mike a long pass .	The ball was in the air when Tom the defender got there .
Rob had a lot of Thanksgiving leftovers .	He was excited he did n't have to get groceries for a while .
Mattie ran up and down the library aisles to find the perfect books .	It must have taken hours for Mattie to decide on what she wanted .
He decided to break up with all but one of them .	They all cried when he told them .
Holly was feeling very sick .	Her mother checked her temperature .
I wanted to curl my hair .	First I brushed it all out .
Sam 's teacher asked the class what their dads did for a living .	The kids listed careers such as doctor , lawyer and fireman .
Because of that , she started seeing moles on her skin .	One day , she noticed one of her moles had started to change .
He stepped on an old board and his foot hit a nail .	He had to get a tetanus shot .
She never was the sporty type , but wanted to get in touch with nature .	The hike was arduous , but the fresh air and sunlight were wonderful .
Mary drove to the nearest hair salon .	She asked how much it was for a haircut .
The whole school was ready to cheer them on .	However , the quarterback got hurt in the first quarter .
He spent three years replacing broken or worn parts .	He had it repainted jet black .
She saw her coworker driving next to her .	Denise honked her horn to catch her coworker 's attention .
Tim got a new set of boots .	They were black and glossy .
We packed up and hurried home .	We found the houses on either side of ours were badly damaged .
I was so excited for the hike , I forgot my jacket in the car .	Halfway up the trail , the skies darkened and a nasty ice storm ensued !
It would be her first time riding a horse .	Jennifer loved seeing the horse , and making it gallop .
Anthony followed them to the Freak-fest .	Anthony found hundreds of black college students partying in a park .
Then , she spent all night putting it together .	She got a second place ribbon for it .
Hosea loved conspiracy theories .	One of his favorite theories is about the Roswell alien crash .
Angie racked her brain , working hard to win the prize .	The teacher announced Angie got the most words of anyone .
Eventually he got really good .	He joined a local band and has fun playing .
Everyone brought a different dish to pass .	While a lot of them were similar , there were some unique ones too .
He waited patiently as the system updated .	He carefully customized his vehicle .
Yesterday I had the day off from work .	I made myself a bunch of snacks and got some beers .
Everyone got accustomed to the chimes and slept on .	One night , the clock stopped .
Her card was denied .	Tears ran down her cheeks until someone behind her paid for her .
She tossed and turned to no avail .	Luna opened the blinds and looked outside .
But to her shock , she became pregnant anyways !	They kept the baby - and finally got their little girl !
She decided to resell the shirt .	Someone purchased the shirt .
Tom played every day .	Tom even played during school .
She helped her mom pick out her clothes for the next day .	After she ate dinner she packed her backpack with all her new supplies .
He finally got his coffee but it kept him up all night .	Kelsey knows better than to forget his coffee in the morning .
His mother made him read it even though it was extremely difficult .	Because he read the hard book , Larry learned to appreciate books .
Her boyfriend had done the same .	They had a lot to eat .
She got a second job and took out loans for college .	Jenna now has a car , house , and is in need of nothing .
Tom and Sue were hungry for pancakes .	They got the ingredients together and started cooking .
Will practiced for weeks before the battle .	In the battle he pretty good .
The city recently banned plastic bags .	Today my wife went shopping .
They were the only lesbian cowgirls in Kansas .	One day a cow ran over Lindsey .
She said that she 's enjoying the game .	Jim managed to hit her on the head with the ball .
He did yard work for his neighbors in order to earn money .	Eventually , he had earned enough to buy his bicycle .
Kim 's mother did n't want her to have Garbage Pail Kids cards .	Kim bought cards and hid them in her desk at school .
She took some medicine and had some tea .	She felt terrible all day and went to take a nap .
He was so ecstatic that he forgot what day they were going .	He worried for a week trying to remember .
He did n't want to be late .	He called a friend of his .
It was disgusting .	Luckily he was not offended , and they both laughed it off .
Kelly invited Ramon to her apartment to hang out .	Ramona took her upstairs to see her facialist .
I went to Bestbuy to get an iPad yesterday .	Unfortunately three of them had no more in stock .
He made a quick turn and then saw a little girl on a bike .	He was going so fast he could n't stop himself from colliding with her .
He was caught within a week .	Now he 's facing jail time and thousands in fines .
Sarah always wanted to have a pet cat .	Sarah 's mom knew Sarah was too young for her own pet .
The stores were all closed so she had to improvise .	All the traditional Thanksgiving sides were accompanied by hamburgers .
Stella feels compassion for the homeless animals .	Stella started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold .
Alexia desperately needed an A on her final exam .	She studied for 3 days straight .
We went to North Conway .	We went up the highway .
Runny yolk spilled out of the egg .	Kia went hungry that day .
The bartender agreed with my friends .	So did the bouncer as he kicked me out .
She was n't quite finished when the deadline day arrived .	Jennifer got to the office early to be sure she had time to finish .
While all of his friends drink gin martinis , Horatio preferred vodka .	Finally one of his friends convinces Horatio to try a gin martini .
In Las Vegas , they quickly learned the rules of the crap tables .	They both found gambling in Las Vegas better than home .
There was a steep hill which was hard to ride up .	Amy was sweating and panting as she rode up the hill .
It fell when she went to grab it from the stove .	Now she 's burned and has a cold too .
When it finally was hot out he made sure to go visit .	He made a sandcastle and went in the water .
Whitney and Kyle 's friendship ended .	They no longer talk and they broke their bond .
In the winter the ice fished .	He caught lots of big ones .
I played a game with my wife .	She said she just enjoyed spending time with me .
She ended up pregnant .	She did n't know what to do .
I ended up losing her this morning though .	But then I found her in my yard .
Jessica asked her parents to help start a lemonade stand .	They agreed , and set the entire thing up for her .
It did n't have much of a budget of popularity .	She still did n't get the part .
Billy started posting list articles with broad appeal .	Suddenly she was getting a lot of likes on her posts .
And he made an excuse that he was feeling sick .	Ron noticed how happy they were afterwards and regret riding it .
Amy herself spoke softly .	She was upset the coworker could be heard on her calls by her callers .
One day , I realized she was n't inside the house .	I went searching outside , and found her with a male cat .
The campfires were the best .	We now feel so rested .
Angie went to get her credit card and could n't find it .	She suspected her son had stolen it .
Four teams play - BU , BC , Northeastern and Harvard .	BC beat Harvard and BU beat NU .
Dan sadly told his daughter her car was not going to be repaired .	His daughter informed Dan she had money saved and would fix it .
I climbed through the forest enjoying the rain across my face .	It eventually rained so hard that everything was covered in mud .
She decided to mow the lawn for her parents to earn money .	She mowed the lawn three times before she had earned enough .
He would go to class during the day and write in his dorm at night .	He would write articles and reports for his portfolio .
Jock went down to the Apple store and bought a new laptop .	He also bought an expensive car , and a slushy at 7-11 .
There was a kid named Tim .	Tim had a big yellow snake .
He thought that he must find a writer to team up with .	He found Susie a old friend to join him and start a cartoon strip .
One day Rita was asked to prom and her siblings were n't .	Rita accepted the offer and her siblings were very jealous .
In the war , he got burned really badly .	His face was barely recognizable .
She brought her to a dermatologist .	He gave her some great medicine .
Fergie was accepted into dance school .	She ca n't wait to see where her future takes her .
A new housing development is going up near him .	Paul has been working long days for months now .
We went to houses and asked for candy .	When we were done , we went back to my house .
Since I did n't have them out , they made me go back through .	I then had to have my hands tested for dangerous materials .
Bob 's brother , Jim , was always playing pranks on Bob .	Bob always got tricked and planned to get revenge .
I was falling asleep in class .	I started to daydream .
The woman was speeding on the highway .	It got time for her to get to her exit .
Jason signed up and practiced on his calligraphy for a year .	Now Jason is a pro and can write his own fancy letters .
Everyday before bed she would turn her night light on .	One day , her night light broke down .
He lined the sides of the hole with wood to make a room .	Pat used this as his roots cellar for his food .
Sam was at a basketball game .	He got a soda and nachos .
There are a lot of deer in the town where I live .	As we were driving to school , one walked out in front of us .
Tom had spent his day planning a big vacation .	He had gone on lots of websites and called a lot of hotels .
Lucy just turned 21 , and it was her first St Patrick 's Day !	She decided to go to the bar early with her friends .
Julia had a lot of things to do that day .	She had to run errands and then she had to clean the house .
Tim was the star of a new movie .	He started filming it but he did not do very well .
Maria was laying in her bed .	She needed to get up early the next day .
Mary texted Jon saying she forgot about the class and apologized .	Jon never tried to exercise with Mary again .
He struggled to come up with a story idea .	Suddenly he realized that that in itself is a story idea .
Since Drew was bored , he decided to grab Diana .	He was trying to spin her around horizontally .
The Principal and Staff announced to everyone that they can leave .	While people were moving down from the upper seats , a fight broke out .
He wanted dinner .	He started whining .
Last week I was playing dominoes in the alley .	All the gang was there .
Lizzy met a new friend in biology class .	They plan to meet at the library to study .
Gina had been given an hour to work in the school library .	It was almost time to return to her classroom .
After 6 months the indentation was deep so Amy took it to a shop .	The man at the car repair shop told Amy there was a hole in her floor .
It turned out he had more than enough for the game in coins .	He deposited the coins in the bank and bought the game .
She made a scarecrow out of old clothes and junk from her garage .	The scarecrow worked so well that it even kept the deer away .
She had no place to replace it .	She went to the Home Ec room .
My friend offered one to me .	I decided to try it .
Eventuality , they manually fixed the ride .	After that , they let us down safe .
Tom let his toad roam freely around Jimmy 's house .	Unfortunately , Jimmy 's snake got to Tom 's toad before he could .
He tried for a year to break into the market .	He ended up failing and close his doors a year later .
I let all my dogs out back in the morning .	About an hour later I went out there to check on them .
He was excited to open them up after work .	His mother had sent him a brand new RC car .
They figured out that ice cream floats would be best .	They made the floats and both were happy .
Nell 's class went to an amusement park for a special treat .	While the other kids were excited , Nell felt uneasy .
She started up her car .	All of a sudden , she noticed her tail light was off .
We filled an entire cart with the food we needed for the week .	We got to the register and could n't pay .
The seam busted again .	I decided to get a new pair of pants .
Benzi attends school in New York City .	Every weekend he eats at different types of restaurants .
However , Jim got hit by his back .	Both of them landed on the ground .
She waited in a long line to get her ticket .	When she made it to the front she asked for the movie .
He hated his phone and resented not being able to afford a new one .	His friend had many complaints about the new phone and its problems .
The ID inside the wallet listed a nearby address .	I drove to the address and returned the wallet .
They have the best burritos and she goes there almost daily .	She was just told that the place was bought out by an Italian owner .
The rest of the office think Tom is a swell guy .	One day Tom gets called into the office .
Carla 's teacher requested to have a talk with Carla 's mother .	So Carla 's mother came to the classroom to talk .
She carefully cut and sewed an old pair of pants .	Soon she had a stylish pair of homemade capris !
His project was about the amount of sugar in different drinks .	His board showed bags of sugar representing the amounts .
He searched for something that he could eat .	After twelve days of searching Carl was unable to find any food .
After two years , he became a production assistant .	Ten years after JB started as an intern , he became the director .
They ate steak and drank lots of wine .	At the end of the night they had to take a taxi to get home .
She went into labor and had a baby girl .	Lisa cried tears of joy !
Lee and her mom went to the mall , but Lee got lost !	She wandered around sadly looking for her mom .
He hung the frame in his house .	Then he noticed something strange .
One of them told me I had to put handrails on my steps .	I visited John and asked him to help me build some handrails .
Although it had not been long at all , I apologized .	Instead , I wish I could have told her that she was rude .
It was gorgeous .	They decided to stay in and order room service and enjoy it .
Kia loved to take walks .	She would walk for hours at at time .
He lover playing with it .	He wanted a real one , however .
There was an artist named Jacob .	He was trying to become famous .
Richard took very good care of the tree .	He could n't wait for his first harvest .
Joey thought it would be funny to mess with Simon 's Pokemon cards .	Simon told Joey that if he did n't stop , he would have to leave .
At home she lit a tea light and put in the burner .	Her mother smelled the vanilla downstairs and took the burner from her
Kate loved using coupons .	She always found great deals .
She went door to door selling her jewelry .	Susie quickly made enough to buy her skates .
He purchased tickets online well in advance .	A ferocious storm causes it to be canceled in his theater .
When he realized that nobody noticed he felt relieved .	Angel continued to play and played an excellent show .
In her excitement to go out and play Jessie forgot to wear a coat !	When she came back in she sneezed a lot and caught a cold !
One by one , he hung all of them on the tree .	He finished the tree by placing the star on the top .
The robots on the other side where bigger and stronger .	Cyborg 's side was out numbered by twenty extra robots .
A person bumped into me .	The person who bumped into me started to hurry off the bus with my pur
On the last day of class , my teacher praised me for my improvement .	My hard work paid off !
I was very excited to play it .	When I started playing it I could n't stop .
She began practicing it with them everyday for hours .	In a month 's time the boys could recite their alphabet on their own .
One day she had gambled a lot of money .	She ended up winning a lot of money !
Amy wanted to give up chocolate for Lent .	She kept herself from eating for a week .
During practice , he was consistently beaten .	And his teacher 's instruction resulted in no improvements .
Edward was sick and was prescribed antibiotics .	He felt better and stopped taking them .
He was head of his tribe and usually gets the food .	He had enough to feed his men and also to smoke and preserve .
She went to take a sip of water .	Suddenly , she knocked her cup over .
Jeff called his insurance company to file a claim .	He waited 30 minutes for a person to speak with .
Tom was a doctor for ten Year 's .	He made one mistake and was sued .
Mary went home and began playing but still had trouble .	She smashed the piano keys with her hands and broke a finger .
Jan needed to read a book for class .	She did not own the book , so she went to the library .
I tried calling to check on them but they never answered .	After going to their house to check on their animals , I tried calling .
They spent all day picking a perfect flat screen at the store .	They were excited to get it home .
She wanted to impress her coaches at the next game .	So she practiced her swings and hits every moment she could .
She thought his feet must hurt in the shoes .	She checked and his toes were at the front of the shoes .
Martha wanted to attend a business conference .	She asked her boss for funding .
They tried to run when the cat came by .	The cat saw them and ran instead .
She was good at cutting hair .	She decided to ask the salon if they were hiring .
An old , frumpy woman appeared on the stage , to disinterest and jeers .	The judges snickered openly at the stocky spinster .
Someone threw a paper airplane at her .	She left the room sobbing and never taught again .
He had won $ 100 !	Bob cashed in his ticket at the gas station .
On one particular business trip , he visited a whiskey bar .	He was overwhelmed with the selection of fine whiskeys .
Jim started humming a tune .	His friends became annoyed .
This pain was different .	It took all of 17 hours for him to be born .
Her family moved to the city when she was 14 .	She visited her grandmother farm for the first time in 20 years .
I think it crawled through a window .	I put the turtle into a box and released it near a pond .
She claims not to but it 's obvious .	I set up a camera to catch her in the act .
One day Bob 's body developed an allergy to chocolate .	Bob did n't realize he could n't eat it .
It was Sheila 's wedding day and she was excited .	Her sister who was a bridesmaid was n't showing up .
She was mixing all the ingredients ingredients together .	She realized she forgot the strawberries .
Bayleigh was a bad dog .	She chewed up the pillows .
He fed the kitten and got the kitten water .	He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out .
Valerie started seeing things that were n't there .	SHe was too old to have imaginary friends .
Annie pictured how pleased her classmates would be with the cards .	At school , Annie saw her classmates swooning over store bought cards .
He went to Ikea .	They had both pine and oak desks .
I woke up one morning and got ready for work .	I began to feel queasy while driving on the road .
On his birthday his mother bought his store brand shoes .	He sadly considered them fake shoes .
Carey walked her dog in the dog park every day .	Seeing all the dogs there gave her an idea .
He started having bad chest pains .	His wife rushed him to the hospital .
Lisa had never had acupuncture and was nervous , but decided to go .	She had a very relaxing and comfortable experience .
Randy was going on a cruise with his friends .	He had just gotten a brand new stereo system in his car .
The water was thick and cold .	Gators and snakes were in the water too .
Ashley and Lauren are still good friends , and Ashley learned a lesson .	She realized that telling lies to friends is never a good idea .
I was confused because it was dark outside .	I soon realized the battery in my watch died .
He enlisted the aid of local artists and they painted a mural .	Rex smiles every day now as he walks by it .
May was a little hurt when Sadie told her to stop butting in .	But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .
Sue barely had time to move off her chair when the thunder rumbled .	Startled and out of breath , Sue ran into her house .
Hallie went back to sleep .	When she woke up she felt much better .
He was a natural leader of men .	An underling poisoned half the people in the state with bad water .
I once needed to write a story .	I decided to write about dragons .
His teacher could n't believe how quickly he learned .	But George preferred to watch television instead of practice .
The father tested the lights .	Three of the strands were burned out .
Charlie found that he needed a new job if he wanted money .	He searched the classified ads for job openings .
Eventually , a group of security officers attacked her .	They told me that she violated her house arrest restrictions .
She waited till the crowd cleared and approached the board alone .	Amy jumped for joy when she saw her name on the roster .
She was eager to learn how to skate .	She strapped the skates on .
When I looked inside the box , there was a vase .	Before I can say anything , he ran away .
The party was great .	Everyone in town thanked her .
Since he was shy , only a few customers bought them .	The children were complaining about not selling enough candy .
Four cousins pitched a tent as their parents looked on from the cabin .	They settled into sleep around 10 PM .
As she got older she wanted to get married .	She eventually got married and had a child .
She would wonder when he would walk into her life .	Then one day as she entered a supermarket , she saw a stunning man .
Hank 's wife suggest they stash the gifts in the spooky basement .	Her reasoning was they 'd never go down there .
Gina was in her room listening to music .	A song played she heard a boy listening to .
I met a great guy at the dog park .	He patted my dog and then introduced himself .
Boris bought a movie poster and put it in his cubicle .	His manager told him to take it down .
He was nervous because he had never traveled so far before .	When he got there , he was met by some friendly people .
John felt a way he had never felt before during that talk .	He felt inspired and moved .
Lou was headed home .	He 'd had a long day at work .
The dogs were chained up .	But that did n't stop them from leaping at Gina .
His daughter fell from his arms .	He worriedly checked on her , and she was okay .
She asked her friend to move in with her and her friend agreed .	Things became a lot easier to handle when costs were split in half .
She had jobs , hobbies , chores and dates that required a gown .	Everything came easy for Barbie , one simply had to change her clothes .
He spent many hours creating videos of scenic outdoor nature shots .	Tim made millions from his videos on YouTube .
She really hated the thought of throwing away food !	Then she had an idea - she would bake a banana cake !
The last nosebleed lasted 20 traumatic minutes .	This time Jane searched for a remedy online .
He walked into the living room and vomited .	Her mother found the candy in the vomit .
Remy was shopping .	He noticed some dark clouds coming in .
She bought the first ones she could see .	When she saw the glasses she thought they were beautiful .
Jeremy 's friends wanted him to meet a certain girl .	They would always invite this girl and Jeremy to parties .
His pizza still did not arrive after an hour .	They forgot his order .
He blamed his brother for not rinsing it out .	And he left the plate in the sink .
A friend of her family 's decided to coach her in swimming .	She told Trina her weakness was in her take off , not her swimming .
Jon opened his umbrella .	His umbrella broke after a few minutes .
Lisa wanted to save money , so she decided to cloth diaper her baby .	She bought a dozen diapers in cute prints .
Bob loved his car .	His car was old with chipped paint .
The thing was full of water and mashed rice .	She yelled at John until he came and cleaned it up .
She wanted me to get my wife to feed her .	I was amused by this crazy cat .
He learned that this eviction was illegal .	He filed a report .
Lisa was excited that she had a brand new box of crayons .	Crayons were best when they were new with pointy edges .
Jon 's family decided to go to vacation in India .	Jon did n't want to go to India .
He recently bought some chocolate pudding at the store .	He liked the pudding so much he bought more .
It was over a month ago but he could n't forget about it .	He decided to take his dog to the dog park .
Still , she was extremely worried she would n't get accepted anywhere .	Her father encouraged her to apply to one more school just in case .
Ike tried to hold on , but he was thrown .	He landed on the floor , laughing !
She was awkward , and tripped over her feet .	The other girls made fun of her .
He did n't tie his shoes one day .	Billy tripped and flew onto the pavement .
She bit the corner to start a tear .	She pulled at the tear with a bit too much force .
He ordered two scoops of chocolate .	On top , he asked for some candy bits .
Jamie was about to enter the sixth grade .	Today was her orientation .
Sandra was a much bigger girl and took no prisoners .	Sandy cowered in fear because no one ever stood up to her .
Willy had butterflies in his stomach .	The day of the big game had arrived and he was nervous .
She waited till her mom walked away .	Amy hid the candy in her shirt and ran upstairs .
Cruz was a good kid .	He was excited for his first day at his new school .
That night , the news showed a man killed on a motorcycle .	Dan 's new motorcycle gathers dust in the garage .
He dreams of becoming an entrepreneur .	Mike quits his job .
One day , I saw my Daddy out the window holding one of the rabbits .	The rabbit was making a squealing noise .
When she got the lawn mower out , she realized it was broken !	Sarah spent all afternoon trying to fix it herself .
One week Cruz was busy with his new game and did n't study .	He failed his spelling test and was grounded from his new game .
Maya went shopping .	She loaded her groceries into the checkout lane .
During his senior year he met a girl and they fell in love .	Shortly after , the student 's grades began to drop and he felt awful .
After searching the attic for a few minutes , they found the gown .	Alex made it to her graduation just in time .
She arrived and everyone made her feel welcome .	Lisa left school having one of the best days of her life .
The place was packed with several people .	When I served one particular kid , he got on his knees and thanked me .
He had to wait for help for several hours .	Another driver stopped by his car .
Lori 's teacher said anyone who refused would fail the class .	Lori considered the importance of grades versus principles .
Ally just could n't see it .	To her Reggie 's dinosaur looked like a bunny .
He ended up going to the store to look for ingredients to a meal .	He cooked the meal , then invited his friend Bob over .
She hid under the bed for an hour after the vacuuming stopped .	She slowly came out and is fine now .
I thought astrology was phoney baloney .	Tina taught me otherwise .
Joe lived two houses down with his adopted daughter .	Joe gave his daughter everything he had because he loved her so much .
She tried to gently put it on the table , but it was too hot .	She accidentally spilled the soup across the table .
Lance always loved playing the guitar .	Every time he was at a party he would play for everyone .
He then took lessons at the skate park on the weekends .	After a few months he was able to ride down the sidewalk .
Ann dug through her freezer and found beef and rolls .	She impatiently fried up her own homemade burgers .
On his first day he had many clients .	Mason was sure his business would be a success .
It was a simple thing , but he was proud of it , nonetheless .	He 'd put flowers and colorful stones on carefully arranged twigs .
She noticed she would see spots .	She finally went to the doctor .
So she asked her mom to borrow a pair .	Her mom presented Ella with a pair of pink high heels .
David kept making comments , and Kenny finally challenged him .	The game went on for hours .
Roy felt compelled to save the creation .	He dug a trench around the castle and kept watch .
He arrived at school 20 minutes late .	Everyone was staring at him as he walked into class .
Everyone finished eating and was very bored .	I went to the garage to look for something to do .
At the end of the day , Kim had caught nothing .	Neither had her dad !
He is a veteran .	She attended the graduation .
Jim stared at girls in the locker room , with his binocular glasses .	He stood there for several minutes .
I talked to the banker and they told me the interest rates .	I decided that the rates were too high .
Stephanie and Tom bought the poodle .	Stephanie and Tom are now happy with their pet poodle , Ralph .
Gina was n't fond of her cousin and wanted to escape .	To her dismay her sister and her cousin were good friends .
She laid out her towel on the sand and laid down under the sun .	However , she was so comfortable that she fell asleep .
Lea is driving to work when she receives a text message .	She decides to reply to the message while driving .
That night , she made some snacks and sat on the couch .	Then , she watched the episode .
She followed the instructions as best as she could .	The bookshelf turned out really well and she actually had fun .
Tia was making Mexican food for dinner .	She grilled up chicken for tacos .
He almost slipped on a patch of ice .	He went home and got his car .
Morgan loved riding her bicycle .	One day , she rode it to school .
Luckily she was able to get the smoke out .	Unfortunate however her cookies were burnt .
He felt like a big kid himself as he sledded with his young sons .	It was a great way to feel young again .
She had surgery and chemotherapy .	She was very sick .
Tim and Eric were putting together a jigsaw puzzle .	They were able to match up the pieces .
They let me try a dorito before it was cooked .	The soggy chip made me throw up .
A whale breached the surface right in front of us .	She snuggled close into me as we gasped in wonder and amazement .
He gave me a ticket for jaywalking .	Afterwards , I walked to work slowly even though I was late .
She was ready , but very nervous .	She got on stage and gave it her all .
The big dogs barked and yanked at their chains .	Gina was scared to go near them so she backed up .
I realized that was what I wanted .	I scooped her out and decided to keep her .
She also saw giant men throwing around huge dumbbells .	Erin decided she would rather try running to get into shape .
When Jack came home she handed him the puppy .	Jack 's face lit up and he jumped for joy .
Jude waited the one hour and again went to wake up his parents .	They finally left to go to the park later that morning .
His dad played guitar poorly and his mom could n't sing .	When they were roasting marshmallows a bear came to the site .
Chad decided he would order the diamond necklace for his wife .	Chad hoped that his wife would love the necklace he bought .
He ate good food and worked out at the gym .	Finally , he weighed enough to join the army .
Marcus has been dreading going to his job at the coffee shop .	He puts off getting out of bed as long as he can .
When he woke up , he noticed he crushed his glasses .	When he got home , Rick took them to his Dad who fixed them .
I loaded the car and we got an early start .	Thirty miles down the road I realized I had n't packed a bag for me .
There were no magazines in this room .	There was nothing she could do to occupy her time .
Emma fell in love with Paul .	Paul did n't feel the same for Emma and rejected her .
The ball kept rolling until it went halfway up the other hill nearby .	Then the ball rolled back and settled in the middle of the two hills .
She got into the University of Maine and Salem State College .	She did not get accepted into their nursing divisions , however .
Then , she burned her tongue .	She had to run cold water on it to reduce the pain .
John was very nervous about his upcoming flight .	He could n't sleep the whole night before the flight .
Her mom thought she had a fever .	She decided to let her stay home .
He bought more than he should reasonably attempt to carry home .	Todd unreasonably attempted it anyway .
He could n't go to the store until he shoveled his driveway , though .	Steven called his neighbor , and she brought him a shovel .
But he realized he did n't have any bread .	Johnny hopped on the bus to go to the store .
She had asked her husband to pick up the ingredients .	She went through the entire recipe step by step .
Wayne loved music .	Music was his favorite class of the day .
Alex was bored when he sat through driving school .	Alex paid his fine .
Little John wanted a garden in his backyard .	He helped his father hoe and fertilize the dirt .
We walked around with a flashlight for a couple minutes .	Suddenly the light went out .
Finally he had enough to put a deposit on an apartment .	He soon found a great , affordable place to call home !
She was really hoping they would win this year .	When they lost the World Series , she was pretty upset .
Lisa worked harder than she ever had , and won the contest !	She could n't wait to finally visit Brazil .
Today My friends and I had a water balloon fight .	I was throwing a balloon at my friend from a long distance .
Since she was busy from work , she did n't respond back .	The phone was buzzing all day with phone calls .
He even took extra classes when he could .	Casey was able to earn his black belt right before summer break .
Ralph had always wanted to see New Orleans .	He spent months saving his money for the trip .
There is a reason why my X is my X .	He broke my heart more than once .
Finally , I found out my dog buried her bone in the laundry hamper .	She is no longer allowed in the bathroom .
Everyone in the class could n't stop looking at her .	On the side of her belly , there was a large mole .
He practiced hard every day .	He did everything his coach told him to do .
Kurt 's older brother told him that he only needed practice .	So Kurt started playing the it whenever he had free time .
Hannah ended up with a broken nose .	She immediately went to the hospital .
They had both forgotten why they had started fighting .	Finally Kenneth called his mother to talk .
Lucy picked up a butter knife to cut the cake .	Her grandma snatched the knife afraid Lucy would cut herself .
A stranger grabbed her arm slowly .	She freaked out and stepped away .
Jeff is the boss at his company and oversees thirty employees .	He has to write performance reviews for each employee .
She shopped for sale items for which she had coupons .	Tia used her strategy to save lots of cash at the store .
She found herself wasting too much time watching reality tv .	Tia decided that she would join a gym .
Jane wanted to go to Coney Island to have a hotdog .	She worked hard all week .
Julie 's family went camping .	Her dad forgot to check the weather forecast .
I could sneak in , but I might get caught .	Then I would n't ever be allowed to go again .
He never won any championships .	He was still liked by most .
There once was a man from peru	He dreamed he was eating his sandals
I stayed out late skateboarding with friends .	When I got home late my mom was angry .
His friends were upset so they went home .	James realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone .
He hummed along with the man as he finished the song .	When they were done they both had a good laugh .
Our plan is to sell it in about four Year 's .	We will have a baby or two and want a bigger house .
She was hurt and rushed to the hospital .	Luckily she is said to be on her way to a full recovery .
I told him I was working on a story .	He offered to help me .
He bought the dough , sauce and cheese .	He then realized he did not have an oven !
It was very fun and we went to New York .	The only problem was we ended up getting lost .
We had to decide the color for our product by tonight .	We went to the Apple store , to Home Depot , we went everywhere .
The whole time she was in the barber 's chair , she was nervous .	However , when she saw her new short hair , she loved it !
Jason wants to play in the snow .	He decides to make an igloo .
Carl 's sprinkler was broken .	It chaotically sprayed water everywhere .
A talented woodworker tapped a nail in place on a board .	He stood back and measured the distance in his head .
We used to go to Walden Pond when the kids were little .	It was only 45 minutes away from our home .
Wanda 's Bust Your Ribs BBQ joint was near bankruptcy .	Last week 's gizzard special had been a terrible failure .
Ben wanted to be a weightlifter .	At first he could bench only forty pounds .
She took a sheet and climbed out of the window .	Marge was free to live her life again .
Dan hurried home hoping the teacher had n't already called his mom .	When Dan arrived his mom was on the phone .
He wrote about how Elvis is n't really dead .	His book did n't make the best seller 's list .
He made reservations at a nice restaurant .	On the day of the date , he picked her up at 7:00 PM .
She had made a list and wanted to hurry home .	When she was looking at the list a man bumped into to her .
It flew over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .	Dan climbed the fence and got the ball .
One afternoon , will discovered he could write books .	Will wrote a book about his life of reading .
Beth was 15 years old and pregnant .	The child 's father was not supportive at all .
She drew a funny picture of her teacher .	Her teacher saw the picture that she drew when he walked by her desk .
Every Saturday we wake up early and check Facebook for Garage Sales .	Then we map out a route through our neighborhoods .
Blue was happy to see her when she got home .	And the two enjoyed their meal .
He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns .	At 17 , he decided to take the test and join the army .
We drove to Captain George 's for dinner .	When we came out of the restaurant I saw that I got a parking ticket .
Even though he started to get tired mid-race he pushed through .	Carl did not win the race but he was happy to make it to the end .
Cindy saw a really cute dress on ebay that was very cheap .	It seemed almost too good to be true .
But Anna could n't help but push !	She let her body take over .
Amy and her friends were out at 3 AM .	It was way past their curfew .
So she started to play Dance Dance revolution every day .	That game really made her work up a sweat .
The cane got stuck in a crack and the man fell .	The fall caused the man to land on his shoulder .
Jim started the piece with by painting a rainbow .	He then added a beautiful sunset .
Brenda was walking along a pond on her large property .	Suddenly , she heard loud barking and two dogs came out of the woods .
In addition , Dan feared he would not notice anyone there .	Dan felt it would be fun to see his classmates again .
The doctor there bandaged her hand and gave her medicine .	Soon Mary 's hand was as good as new !
Lenny was laying on his couch watching TV .	His cat came inside and jumped into his lap .
But his mom nagged him , saying video games would n't pay the bills .	Art decided he could prove her wrong .
I was talking on my phone in the car the other day .	Since I was n't paying attention I ran a stop sign .
So she took matters into her own hands !	For six solid months she walked miles delivering papers .
Unfortunately , he touched the file with Pete 's homework and deleted it	When Pete saw what happened , he got mad .
She purchased a bagel with egg and avocado .	She ate the sandwich .
Andrew knew he should n't enroll his Pit-bull in a dog show .	His Pit-bull was always bigger and tougher than dogs in dog shows .
Jim did not feel threatened by the gambler and stayed in .	Once they flipped over their cards , the gambler was declared the loser .
The next morning , he had an awful taste in his mouth .	Hank then went to brush his teeth .
His girlfriend called him a wimp for screaming .	Bob was insulted and kicked his girlfriend out of his house .
Her fiance said he 'd fix it and ordered Chinese food .	Turns out , his parents loved Chinese food most of all .
Kelly was happy the new phones just came out for Apple .	She really wanted a pink one .
Morgan had never been to camp before .	She was extremely nervous the entire car ride there .
When he was creating the icing , he threw it on the floor .	However , he still placed it on the floor .
I got irritated and asked her what was wrong .	She did n't say anything .
Ava drove to the next town over .	There she found a great roast of beef .
Frank 's sister accidentally left the gate open .	Their new puppy got outside and ran away .
Sandy met her daughter at the airport .	Both of them started to cry when they saw each other .
They got along very well .	Now , they 're best friends .
One day the doctor called and said they were finally having a baby !	They waited and waited while the baby grew in Jenna 's belly .
Upon returning the entire oven was on fire and the oil bubbling over .	He quickly snuffed the fire and ordered takeout instead .
Everything started to grow .	One day a deer came along and ate all the plants .
Jim parked his car in the parking lot at work .	He looked through the window and saw rain pour down all around him .
There was no food in the house nor did they have transportation .	Fred realized a pizza place nearby delivered .
He spends the whole day swimming there .	Johnny is glad he found a way to stay cool .
She wondered what to feed it .	She read online that they ate mealworms .
Marcy wants to go to homecoming .	John needs a date to the dance .
She had to go through all of the papers and start over .	The second time around , she did n't mess up .
Mark learned to climb well and started to like hiking .	They started hiking together on weekends .
He was small for his age , and not very strong .	He decided to join a boxing team at his local gym .
He would lash out at anyone he sees .	His parents brought him to counselling .
She watched in awe as the artist worked with the molten glass .	She did n't know how we could stand the heat !
But Erin liked the results .	He was proud of how good his lawn looked .
They watched attentively all through the concert .	Afterwards , they all told him how well he had performed !
She had a bunch of coupons and her list was built around them .	She spent nearly an hour clearing her cart .
I do n't smoke .	Everyone at work who does smoke gets a break .
Joe practiced constantly , striving to be the best .	But when the races started that year , a girl named Lisa won the race .
He had never played tennis before , but he decided to learn .	The next day he went to the park , and the ladies were there again .
Bob saw a black and white puppy that he liked .	Bob adopted the puppy and named him Spot .
She said it was the best thing she 'd ever tasted .	Lily was skeptical at first but trusted her sister .
He runs into the monkey exhibit when a monkey jumps out .	Sebastian gets scared by the monkey .
She called her landlord and left a message begging for mercy .	The next day she had a message saying she had a 7 day extension .
His friend Brad offered him a cigarettes later that night .	Joe refused the cigarette .
This was going to be the toughest trail they had done .	They spent all day hiking in the woods .
Until she meets her new boss .	He has her running personal errands for him all day , every day .
We may never have found him at all except for the help we got .	My dog Ginger grabbed my Aunt 's pants and pulled her to where Max was .
He forgot to add butter to the pan .	Tom 's grilled cheese stuck to the pan .
Since I felt bad for her , I decided to take it .	However , I had to pay $ 40 for parking .
Angel was sitting at her computer desk when her eyes started to hurt .	She took off her glasses , which made them feel better .
Johnny took keyboard lessons as a child .	He hated it , and saw it as useless .
The fish took the bait and struggled against Gene for it 's life .	Gene reeled in the fish proudly and completed his fishing trip .
Gina gave the old book to the librarian .	When ready , she returned with the book she wanted to read next .
They got their brother Zach and took him outside .	There was an electric fence in their backyard .
Amy went on a road trip to Georgia .	She was going to apply for custody of her son .
They decided to have a movie night .	Neither could decide on what to watch .
Her parents said yes , but the baseball team was for boys only .	She wrote letters to the city counsel about how it was unfair .
I love cooking breakfast .	This morning I woke up late .
He decided to pretend the blood was just raspberry jam .	The game continued to be quite violent .
One day I was shopping .	I set my purse down for just one minute .
I read in a magazine that black coffee is very healthy for you .	It also has lots of caffeine in it so it helps me get through my job .
Braxton and Angela had three kids and adopted three more	Braxton and Angela finally married and lived happily with their brood
It was when they were fighting but she thought she threw it away .	One day the boyfriend found it .
Jill 's boyfriend told her they needed to talk .	Upon meeting with him , he broke some disappointing news .
It was summer and they were all thirsty .	But all Sugar had was her namesake , and tea bags .
Maggie was making breakfast .	She threw some bread into the toaster .
I purchased tickets that were close to the court .	My team played one the game .
Jordan was playing with her friends .	They were running around in some high grass .
The temperature started to drop .	All the leaves on the trees began to change color .
He decides to save up his money to buy a motorcycle .	After Years he has enough money to buy the motorcycle of his dreams .
Unfortunately I still had homework to do for my online school .	I did n't get to enjoy the trip as much as I wanted to .
She decided to clean up instead .	Then she played video games .
It was a homemade Christmas ornament .	On it was a picture of her baby and it said `` My First Christmas '' .
Francine has always wanted to have earrings .	Her parents asked her not to have her ears pierced .
The anticipation nearly killed him .	Raji enjoyed himself and already made plans to attend another match .
Inside , they talked and waited for twenty minutes .	Author started to cough and had to ask for a glass of water .
He took it apart and using youtube he found the problem .	He reconnected the loose power cord and fixed it .
Ben had a grandpa who lived across the country and had never met him .	On his fifth birthday , his Mom told him he would meet his grandpa !
He loaded the episodes onto his tv set .	Jerry then spent the afternoon watching old goosebumps episodes .
I wanted to visit to see what they had .	I drove the the shop and went in .
Work was incredibly slow for a Friday .	My colleagues and I looked around for something to do .
But then she heard a nearby lady crying !	The lady had lost her keys and could n't get home .
It started to get dark and he still had n't found his glasses .	When he got home , he realized they were on his head the whole time .
Then , I dated a girl .	I found out girls are crazy .
First , he looked in his own bowl for some cat food .	He found no food there .
Marsh forgot to take the brownies out of the oven .	There was no dessert for the dinner party .
I decided to take a picture for my facebook profile .	I put on some clothes and took a picture of myself .
Down the sidewalk he went as fast as he could .	Ben did n't see the large branch in the way .
Being afraid of raccoons , he took a different route home .	It took him ten extra minutes to get back .
He wanted to play a fun trick on her .	He wrapped his kids up in wrapping paper with bows on their heads .
Rob hated the second grade .	Every day , he went to the school nurse and begged to go home .
Michael has liked alicia for years .	He was always too scared to confess .
My riding was riding from the opposite direction .	However , he was about to crash me .
Some moths flew out .	She could n't remember when she 'd last opened the oatmeal .
Gary decided to go hunting .	He had never hunted before .
He flipped her over in the water !	Jenn preferred going to the lake by herself after that .
It was lunch time so we decided to head back home .	We forgot the oars and had to hand paddle all the way back !
Sean objected loudly , because he did not want to wait .	Mom threatened to ground him for a month .
Sadly , he is struggling to find a job .	One day , he applied for a job writing greeting cards .
My friend needed help with his homework assignment .	Since class started in 10 minutes , I allowed him to copy my work .
I walked on campus .	While walking across the hallway , the professor greeted me .
After some time , he felt a pang of guilt .	Mary 's brother returned the diary to its hiding spot .
Noah would not go inside unless Timmy went with him .	Timmy helped comfort Noah so Noah could get the help needed .
After filling it in , I decided to give it back .	He ripped in in pieces and told me to get out .
And eventually , she got sick .	Clare decided to watch her diet more carefully .
Tim broke his ankle playing sports .	He was mad that he could n't play sports for two weeks .
She asked her parents for a cat .	They told her they 'd think about it .
James ran the marathon successfully .	James established a new personal record marathon time .
He cooked a bagel .	Then , he put some condiments on it .
He had it decked out and had huge tires .	We would take it off roading .
Finally , an employer hired him .	When he received his first check , he went looking for a place to eat .
She decided she should help it .	She picked it up and brought it home .
Margo has been the girl of my dreams for Years .	Last week I finally asked her out .
All of a sudden , a storm came by .	They had to take shelter in a cave until it was dark .
My brother went last week.q	He warned me the cemetery had made some roads one way .
The doll smelled heavily of smoke .	I put the doll in baking powder for three days .
Jeremy 's dad took him out on the lake in a little rowboat .	With his hook baited , Jeremy put his line in the water .
Matt had three turtles that he took care of every day .	He once decided to try and race the turtles , to see which was fastest .
There once was a girl named Josie .	She wanted to learn how to ride a bike .
Chris decided to go to the store .	Chris drove to the store .
After the parade was over there was a big fair at the park .	At the fair the mayor said this was the best parade ever .
Yesterday , he was outside shoveling by himself .	I felt guilty sitting in my nice , warm apartment .
Gina cherished the time there were able to spend together .	Which is why she was so hurt her sister wasted time with their cousin .
Sure enough she was made fun of by a group of girls .	To Jenny 's surprise her teacher saw and stood up for her .
She had accidentally walked under the mistletoe with a cute guy !	Bel blushed as he bent to give her a kiss on the cheek .
She asked the clerk if they had it in her size .	The clerk only found sizes that were too small .
The man asked me what my name was .	I gave him my name and my number to call me later .
Anna played songs on the piano they used to play for her .	The piano in her home stayed with her as she got old .
Joe 's new dog slept in an old box on the porch .	Joe got busy building a fabulous dog house .
Suddenly , while running , he stepped on a rusty nail .	The nail punctured his foot , causing a lot of pain !
Jon tripped and fell on the grass .	He got up and limped across the field .
Bob 's friends dared Bob to eat a rotten banana .	Bob accepted the dare .
Yesterday I went on an animal safari at animal kingdom .	The ride was fun .
I had never been on a coaster before and was freaked out .	As I got in the car and put the bar close to me , I shut my eyes .
He went to Starbucks and log on craigslist to buy a used car .	He met Trecce Cio who showed him a 2004 Mitsubishi Eclipse .
I went to see my mother last night .	She was very tired and her back was hurting .
She just needed to survive two more days without any face damage .	On Monday morning when she was walking down the stairs she tripped .
She bought the strawberries and chocolate .	She melted the chocolate and dipped the fruit .
I was stumped .	Then , I realized I had never plugged the waffle iron in .
The aspiring musician practiced every day , until her fingers hurt .	Six months later , she and her friends started a band .
Four years later he graduated with his degree .	Carlton applied to his local police force and started training .
This zookeeper was in charge of watching the monkeys .	When he went to check on them , they were gone !
She loved hiking especially when her dog was able to come .	The two of them ran ahead of the others along the path .
He picked one out from the catalog .	He did not think his mom was going to buy it .
Josh went to go take his vitamin pills .	When he opened the bottle , he realized there were none left .
Charles was running late for work .	He rushed out to his car to leave .
Justin 's apartment reeked .	He was a messy guy so naturally , gross smells built up .
Mark 's dad had noticed he was helping his mother a lot with chores .	To thank Mark , his dad decided to buy him tickets to go to a game .
She watched him eat it and saw the smile on his face .	She knew she had done a good job !
Pat and her daughters then began to plan the food for the shower .	Her daughters thought playing fun games would keep things interesting .
Jake had anger issues .	He was playing videogames with friends .
We did some bench pressing .	i benched 200 pounds of weight .
He was looking for someone to sit with at lunch .	None of the other children would let Nick sit with them .
Charlie 's neighbors were making too much noise .	He needed to sleep for work in the morning .
Dan cut class yesterday .	He was given detention .
My friend said the dealership will buy my old car from me .	I 'll go back tomorrow and get some cash for my old car .
I decided to spell everything incorrectly just for fun .	As a result the processor failed .
He grabbed his hammer and some nails and walked over to the wall .	He began to hammer a nail into a chosen spot .
Jenna hit the weight hard in the gym .	She did 4 sets of squats during her workout .
Bob just started college this year and is a Zoology major .	He purchased all his textbooks and pretty much ran out of money .
In two weeks they would be flower girls !	Karen decided they should cut each other 's hair .
He was so into it , he kept dancing when the music stopped .	When he finally looked around everyone was staring at him .
My head ended up bleeding .	She ran for a towel and started to put pressure on the spot .
He also read a lot of cookbooks .	Fortunately , he graduated from cooking classes as the # 1 student .
It was Sarah 's birthday .	Her husband bought her a beautiful necklace .
She could not get the paint off the floor .	Now she has blue spots on her carpet .
I positioned my legs on the petals and rode off .	I stumbled a couple of times however , I rode smoothly afterwards .
She walked swiftly to the bathroom when he was done .	In a hurry she turned the corner and ran into her boss .
He was swimming when he noticed something in the water .	It looked like a floating stick .
MY DAUGHTER HAD TO DO A SCIENCE PROJECT .	SO SHE WANTED TO USE ME FOR A EXAMPLE .
All of a sudden a bolt of lightning hit a tree about 50 yards away .	There was a loud crack .
Her mom always told her no horseplay in the house	One day she was roughing around the house
I sneaked several cookies through that window and gobbled them up .	Mom later asked me how I thought the box was three cookies short .
However , the heat began to make him sweat .	The 100 LSD hits began leaching into his skin .
I was driving down the street one day .	Suddenly , my car started shaking and then it stopped .
Kelly had an important interview .	She drove to the town where the interview was in .
The last movie we watched was Ernest Saves Christmas .	I thought it was a fairly cute movie and enjoyed it .
He seemed oblivious to the jealousy of the other students .	Gina felt it was only fair he knew they all hated him ,
My sister and I sang with glee .	Christmas is my favorite time of the year .
He learned a lot online from free tutorials .	Tom ultimately became an adept web developer .
Fred woke up one day with a very bad headache .	He found a thermometer and took his temperature .
While she was driving she realized that she was lost !	Luckily she had her phone and she used the GPS to get back on track .
When prom day came the dress did n't fit .	She had nothing to wear so she could n't go to prom .
Her cousin got sick his first day here .	Steph was disappointed .
When Alice arrived she saw she had seats near the stage .	She was thrilled the whole night .
So they set up a schedule .	Each roommate is only allowed to bring a date home on certain nights .
Finally , he found an official letter with his address .	He turned it in and was able to get his card .
To recover , the politician just kept moving forward .	After the speech , the politician gained a lot of support .
He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board .	Soon he had clients from three different schools .
She decided to take it into the repair people .	When she took it in , she was worried they could n't fix it .
Although the teacher was reaching out to him , he freaked to you .	He also cried while calling my name .
However , her boyfriend wanted to have a small private wedding .	They argued about the wedding for a year .
His teammate dribbled towards their basket .	Josiah took a pass from the teammate and made a basket as time expired
There had been a big storm and snow was blocking the roads .	His workers all called to say they could n't make it to the store .
But she gathered her nerves .	She went to the mall and got her ear pierced .
Hal gave them out to everyone , and developed a demand .	Now , Hal 's cakes are well known throughout the land .
One day mindy had to leave to a new hometown .	They did n't speak for 5 Years .
I walked outside to begin my run .	I happily ran down the street for a few minutes .
Maria played in the sand and swam a lot in the ocean .	Maria took a lot of pictures and showed them to her friends at home .
So he always slept with the lights on .	One night , there was a power outage in his neighborhood .
He joined his tour group at the airport .	Together they saw the scenery .
The day after she moved in , her mom took her to the school .	They met her teachers and got her schedule , and toured the school .
He had already swallowed 100 hot dogs when a gull landed on his head .	Frightened Joe ran .
She was heartbroken and very worried .	Luckily her dad found it , and Delilah was thrilled to be reunited .
Janice could not decide between mint and strawberry flavors .	She ended up buying both .
Three days latter Tim 's tooth fell out and he put it under his pillow .	The next morning when he woke his tooth was replaced with a dollar .
Her boyfriend Joseph was unhappy because he knew the baby was not his .	Joseph decided to marry her despite the fact he was not the father .
His mother told him he was n't real though .	He still did n't believe her .
However , she stumbled when she had the ball .	In addition , the other team managed to steal it from her .
Sara bought a camera with her tax return .	She wanted to become a photographer to make extra money .
It did n't take long for her to come up with a perfect choice .	Sal became a therapist , and continued to help people every single day !
He poured some water in a glass and went to his living room .	He sat down on his couch and turned on the tv .
Frankie got fired from her job .	She decided to go back to college .
But she had bought a bag full of video games for them to play .	They had so much fun they forgot about their plans .
He did n't land it right and hurt his ankle .	He could n't skate for the rest of the month .
He decided to take them to the pawn store to see what they were worth .	When he arrived he put the magazines on the counter .
One year at Halloween we carved pumpkins .	Someone thought it would be a good idea to throw them off the roof .
When he got home from school , his mom introduced the two of them .	But Annie declared she did n't want to play , she wanted to read comics .
He sprayed it all over his house .	All the ants died within a few hours .
Sam took the seeds and planted them .	He kept the weeds away .
Meeting Cinderella totally made her day .	And she even got a picture with and signature on it from her .
Maggie had to bring her her coat before the float left .	She was watching them get ready and thought it looked fun .
Soon , her jealousy got even worse and Tim was ready to leave .	The next day , Amy got her period which explained the strong emotions .
My wife drove off to work , and I woke up the kids .	On her drive in she blew out a tire .
I went to the garage and grabbed the pressure cleaner .	I brought it out to the driveway and hooked it up .
Jessie 's sister-in-law was pregnant .	They were expecting the baby any day .
After some time Mitch said that he 'll take the job for $ 100,000/year .	Mitch 's confidence impressed the interviewer so much he accepted .
She was afraid to return to school without hair .	But she could n't find any wigs she liked , so she decided to go bald .
I was bored .	I decided to go kayaking .
I could n't steer the horse any direction .	It started running uncontrollably .
Ava had always wanted to ride a horse .	Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday .
But Carl did n't see any books that he liked .	So he decided to write his own story .
A terror group began to close in on their town , worrying Richard .	Richard and his family decided to abandon the site and fled .
Will wanted to lose weight before summer .	He went on a drastic diet that did n't seem to work .
When they arrived at the stadium he was in awe of it 's size .	As they approached Mark gladly handed the ticket to the worker .
I sneezed as I woke up this morning .	I knew immediately that something was not right .
Four hours passed and they still did not have a winner .	They decided it was a tie .
One evening , at dinner , a client ordered lobster for both of them .	Having never had lobster before , Martin panicked momentarily .
Matt had always found the court system interesting .	His teachers told him his grades were too low to get into law school .
Tony bought a new jacket .	When he went to school the kids said it was fake .
She worried that her classmates would mock her .	At her old school , she had been the only girl with glasses !
James knew that it was his fault , but did n't understand his brother .	Why did he always yell at James ?
We heard a loud noise , but did n't think too much about it .	Later in the evening we went outside to find the car window smashed .
Her mom decided to take her shopping .	She finally found the perfect dress .
Finally I saw where we were going .	We made it just in time for Tip off .
When I was 12 I asked my parents for guitar lessons .	They took me to the music store and bought me a guitar .
We built sand castles .	Dad brought a picnic and we ate sandwiches on the beach .
He stopped and pulled out his painting supplies .	He began to paint a beautiful canvas of the tree .
They prepared Charles for his interview with Honda .	Charles interviewed with Honda in an empty call center .
The alarm clock worked .	Alas , he did n't like having to go to the bathroom more often .
His friend gave him an energy drink .	Tim felt much more awake .
Eddie was a church deacon .	So he shocked a lot of people when he did what he did do .
Larry was driving home from work .	All of sudden a big deer came running across the road .
I love empanadas so one day I decided to make them from scratch .	First I made the dough for the shells which got flour all over .
Lucy was bored watching TV with her grandpa .	He wanted her to stay and watch TV with him .
She started walking to work .	She also brought her own healthy lunch .
She was alone for the majority of the process .	She sat in an office with windows and waited to be called .
Marvin impressed the store manager and was hired .	Marvin felt happy in his new job .
Harry got so blue , wondering how he could move on in life .	He began recording his thoughts and making notes of his experience .
This was the first time she had gone bowling .	I had to show her how to hold the ball .
One day a masked man approached her belligerently .	He brandished a gun and demanded money from her .
I decided to apprentice in HVAC .	I was accepted as an apprentice to a HVAC union !
The goalie ended up falling when the puck was moving .	The puck ended up touching the goal .
Jimmy wanted to learn karate .	His mom signed him up for lessons .
Phoebe decided to move out .	Denise was sad to lose her roommate .
He was on the lookout for anyone that might be following him .	The coast was clear and he breathed a sigh of relief .
When the contest arrived , my frog just sat there .	Johns frog jumped so far that he beat everyone and won .
Michelle and Julia loved going out to eat .	They especially loved going to bizarre places to try weird foods .
He was unfamiliar with driving on the left side of the road .	He got in his rental and noticed right away something different .
She picked plums from the orchard .	She boiled them in the pot .
Lary thought the tree would be small .	The tree grew to be over twenty feet tall !
One day Tim noticed pain in his wrists .	Tim researched treatment methods online .
He then ran into an apple tree .	Apples rained down from the branches .
They were always dressed in black and had piercings .	After high school , I got to know some of them .
Lisa was sad because she could n't go to school .	Lisa decided to rest well at home so she could recover .
She checked out the produce section .	Phuong then selected some spices .
At the concert , she was surprised when her boyfriend got on stage .	He proposed to Dee , telling her that he had left the flyer on her car .
She started a second job , to save money for a vacation .	Her second month on the job , Lee won an award for best work .
She put on shoes and went outside .	Then , she walked down to the ATM .
Tom kept trying to do homework last night .	He needed to concentrate on a tricky subject .
Suddenly she noticed a sign for a huge shoe sale .	She was n't supposed to spend any extra money .
Duke 's coaches found out and had to kick him off of the team .	He was so upset he dropped out of school and did n't graduate .
Basil went camping in bear infested woods .	He was ignorant of safety practices for outdoor activities .
Reginald notices that his hair is becoming gray .	Although many of his friends have gray hair , he does n't like it .
He saw footprints in the snow and followed them to a cave .	He listened closely , but only heard silence .
Some of these children are infants that are in diapers .	One family chooses to diaper their child in cloth diapers .
Her parents had no money to buy her a backpack .	But when Anna got off the bus that afternoon , she was smiling .
One day a woman crashed into the back of his car .	Ray felt in love with the woman that hit his car .
Once , a monkey got into my girlfriend 's house in India .	The monkey was eating almonds out of a glass jar .
I play violin and take a lot of orchestral auditions .	Three years ago I auditioned for Assistant Concertmaster of KCS .
She was a little nervous , because she could n't dance .	She asked her mom for help and learned how to dance .
Susan had a lot of bills to pay .	She decided to stay up all night working online .
Jane panicked when she found out that her wallet is home .	In addition , her friend decided to watch the movie without her .
He woke up hours later in a garbage bag under water .	He hurriedly opened the bag and swam to the surface .
Kya wanted a snake as a pet .	At first her mom refused .
I sat down on a rubber couch and the couch made a fart like noise .	Everyone looked at me funny .
One day he forgot to do his homework .	He told the teacher he wrote his homework in disappearing ink .
Gina 's mother was not happy about bringing her a spare key .	But Gina explained she was n't very far from her home .
She was starting to have a hard time finding anything new .	Then , she noticed a show that she had always heard of but never seen .
One day his shoes were stolen from his locker during swimming .	His friends chipped in and bought him a new pair .
Aya was the only girl in her class without a cell phone .	She hoped her parents would get her one for her birthday .
Steve made money as an extra in films .	Next , he landed a speaking role in a movie starring Tom Cruise .
One day , Ron 's sister saw him singing .	And she complimented his voice .
He placed his writing materials on the table .	He wrote a story about baseball .
He started out strong , but his resolve wavered as the day wore on .	But Ted managed to make it a whole day without eating .
I went to a used car dealership to shop for a car .	The salesman offered me a test drive .
Kate had the perfect church home .	The one place for peace , praying and gathering as God ask her to .
It was a lovely ceremony .	When it came time to throw the bouquet everyone lined up .
She slept that night covered in the salve .	In the morning , her burn was no longer painful .
She purchased a new CPU and more RAM for her computer .	After installing the parts , her computer much smoother .
Then she saw a crying little boy in the corner .	He 'd lost his mother and was scared !
I fell asleep quickly .	When I awoke , my headache was gone .
When he got out , his first thought was to get more drugs .	But then he thought of his family .
Sean randomly decided he wanted cable .	He called the company and ordered it .
A farmer woke up one morning , and found his pigs had gone missing .	He asked his wife is she had taken them to town , and she denied it .
I used to go on chat rooms .	I was just a kid and I the internet was new .
Several of my friends came over to my house .	They carried several food and alcoholic drinks with them .
A raven happened to fly down and began to watch the kids .	When the parents brought them snacks , they shared with the raven .
He decided to go to college to learn a skill for employment .	Mike drove to the local university and asked for help .
A woman inside was overdosing on drugs .	A paramedic at the scene revived the woman and shipped her off .
On her door there was a lizard .	Beth did n't like lizards and did n't want to open the door .
She decided to make some from scratch .	Luckily , the fries came out really well .
Jane felt uncomfortable and asked to be dropped off .	Jane stopped hitchhiking after that .
Brad decided to make some fresh bread .	While the yeast proofed and oven preheated , he gathered ingredient .
The menu was unusual and interesting .	We tried many new things that we had never eaten before .
However he had never seen one .	So he went to a park .
Mary went to the store to buy turkey for dinner .	Mary got to the meat section and found turkey on sale .
After settling in , the Jackson family went to see a movie .	Their two daughters , Emily and Anne-Marie , chose Because of Winn-Dixie
Dave worked hard and saved his money .	Eventually he had enough money for a trip .
During a scene she fell in front of everybody .	Bailey was really embarrassed .
Alexis became very good at soccer .	Alexis had a tryout with a professional team .
His insurance company compensated him for the damage .	Jim went to the repair shop to have his car repainted .
Kyle was mad at all the politically correct statements .	He went on facebook to start insulting people .
John is very funny .	When we first met he said he his oven self cleaned .
A man had suffered severe head trauma .	Paramedics arrived in just a few minutes .
The thought of doing bungee jumping scared me .	However , I was willing to take the risk and try it .
Helen approached the principle and tried to bribe him .	Principle refused at first , but accepted the higher counter offer .
She could no longer enjoy what she was listening to .	And her neighbors were playing a terrible song .
Betty ordered something that was too spicy for her .	For many weeks after , Betty did not ask to go out to eat .
She thought maybe it was due to the difference in brand .	Eventually Tammy found cat poop in her closet .
Howard was in the city .	He went into a bar for a drink .
He told her to re edit the document .	Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .
The woodsman sought out the biggest tree in the woods .	He swung his ax at the trunk .
So he went to the store to buy some weights .	He immediately began a daily workout regimen with the weights .
Then a dye pack exploded in his face !	Joe was angry and upset .
They told him to take a number and wait .	As soon as he sat , they called his number .
Charlotte wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday .	Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans .
He was petrified of them .	One day he went to the zoo .
They took 200 names to the mayor who had them go to the city council .	The city council approved the plan and work began on the skate park !
After the fourth game they forgot to count points .	They decided that the score was not that important .
Then , she had to wait an hour .	Finally , they drew some blood to test it .
Sally wanted to jump on her trampoline .	It had rained last night though .
She gradually increased her mileage .	On the day of her race , she was ready .
He decided to speed things up by copying another song .	He felt horrible that he had to do this , but he was rushed .
Marty needed to clean his room .	He put all of his dirty clothes into the clothes hamper .
As the plane descended , her ears began to hurt .	She tried to chew some gum .
Rita wanted to go to the park .	It was raining hard .
He especially loved the rituals associated with all the holidays .	Early in December Dakota lit candles for eight nights .
But after being mocked at school for going braless , she reconsidered .	Anna decided to support the cause from afar - not personally !
He was hoping it would help lose weight .	It did n't fill him up .
Brian was amazed by the variety of colors .	He bought one for every color of the rainbow .
But he felt really good about doing something for homeless people .	He even worked on an extra scarf at home that night .
But on this day he was still very sleepy .	The coffee had n't helped him at all !
She tried out , but she did not make the team .	The coach told Ida to practice and try again next year .
Eli bought a new pencil sharpener .	He screwed it into the wall about shoulder level .
Frustrated , Darron attempted to finish it without instructions .	By the end of the night , the chair looked more like modern art .
I decided to follow his advice .	Indeed , the rice tasted delicious !
Grace learned the photo was of the author .	Grace then realized that the book may have been owned by the author .
Nic called in sick from work .	His boss showed up at his home and brought some food .
They made appointments at a nearby salon .	During their visit , they received manicures and pedicures .
She signed up for an audition on American Idol .	She passed the first round and got to sing for the judges .
On Monday my wife bought an Easter basket for our granddaughter .	We live in Boston and she lives in NYC .
I tried to turn her sweet tank into a shark tank .	To my shagrin , all the shark died and were eaten by the sweet fish .
The first thing he buys is Walking Dead on Blu Ray .	He is happy to have the official high definition releases .
One day , she came upon a little cottage in the woods .	It was clearly abandoned .
While I thought it would be busy , the crowds were sparse .	The movie was n't bad but it was n't great either .
Thankfully the levels were easy .	After an hour I beat the game .
A green glass bottle with the perfect width .	He unexpectedly found it online for sale .
He tried looking up until the last second .	In the end , he had to miss the movie .
Her school noticed her efforts .	They made Susie captain of the brand new cheer squad !
She cried .	She could n't get over the fact that she was so old .
He would cook boiled eggs everyday .	One day he forgot he was cooking .
One day on her sister 's insistence , she got a haircut .	After that the clients started pouring in .
There was a huge booger hanging out of his nose .	I thought it was adorable and said I would be his girlfriend .
One day , Molly 's mother bought her a little cat .	Molly really loved that cat .
We packed the car full of snacks .	Then , we headed off !
She was rushed to the hospital .	Unfortunately the baby would not turn around .
She sees many stores selling beautiful homemade soap .	Tiffany does research and sets out to begin making her own soap .
Rayne wanted to visit the Queen of England .	Rayne always dreamed of the opportunity to visit the Queen .
He spent hours looking online and going to lots of different stores .	Finally , Larry founds the perfect guitar .
Nate told his boss he would n't shave .	His boss admired his guts .
Lo was angry and grumpy !	She took a job babysitting to get her away from her home .
The family decided to take a peek at the store and load up .	They ended up purchasing numerous fashion jewelry pieces .
She stood up to brush herself off .	Jen sat back down and found where she left off .
He was going to the beach tomorrow .	The next morning , when he woke up , he saw that it was raining .
Lucy begged her grandma to close her Facebook account .	Her grandma liked Facebook and decided to keep her account open .
After many hours , he realized he was lost .	John was out of food and water .
Her parents told her she should n't but she gathered up the courage .	Inside she found an evil wolf .
She had some friends do it before and said it was fun .	She created an account and got to work .
She signed up for a swimming class .	At first she was afraid of the water .
She could just not put the wax on right .	After hours of messing with it she ended up without eyebrows .
But for some reason it the microwave would n't start .	It was Max 's worst nightmare , the microwave was broken .
Then everyone went for a swim before eating .	But when they returned , all of their food was gone .
The cookies were great .	The time spent with grandma was better .
I put vegetables and a knife on the counter .	I began to cut into the vegetables with the knife .
The game was very close and almost over .	Roy had the ball and took a very long shot .
Yesterday I took my dog to the vet for a checkup .	He developed diabetes a few months ago .
He quickly pulled into a side street to avoid being hit .	The car that was honking sped past and continued honking .
When Stu retired , many of his buddies were already dead .	Stu rode his bike to visit them at the cemetery regularly .
The lady told Amy the shades they had were the only ones .	Amy was upset they did n't make a shade in her color .
He got slightly lost on numerous back roads .	Jaime finally arrived home two hours later .
Gina was just arriving home from school .	It was a 3 day weekend .
The trash can in Sally 's house was full .	Sally nagged her husband to take it out .
One day her work had a potluck .	Someone brought rice with celery in it .
Her mama took the doll to put the shoes on it as Lorraine had asked .	She gave the doll back to Lorraine after putting its shoes on .
She chose red for the color .	The spa workers gave her a great manicure .
I reluctantly accepted his invitation .	On the golf range I saw lots of people my age .
The hose did not reach the plants .	She had to fill up a watering can to water those flowers .
She also ordered honey barbecue wings .	When I tried one , I loved them !
Ian was driving home from college one day .	On the way home he saw a stray dog .
She did not expect to win .	Still , she hoped !
And Bob 's house was very hot inside .	He decided to paint his roof with a special white paint .
Caroline recently got her nails done .	They were the prettiest pink and very much perfect .
Carl was told he was fat last summer .	It motivated him to work out .
Brad started to cry .	His teacher said not to worry .
We arrived at the statue and spent several hours exploring .	After the tour , we stopped for pizza and took a long bus ride home .
Luckily , the firecracker was a dud .	I was much more careful after that incident .
She drink way too much and felt terrible .	She passed out and her friends were concerned .
However she watered it too much .	The plant died .
I spent the day cleaning the carpets .	I walked across the clean fluffy carpets in my home .
He had found lots of pop caps and nickels .	Then his tool beeped very loudly .
When he got home he paid the taxi driver $ 20 .	Johnny was proud that he did the right thing .
Lita worked as a public defender .	It was a very low-paying position .
Gina instantly calmed down .	She apologized for yelling at her sister while angry .
She came home from work one day and found a surprise .	Her closet had been transformed .
Ricardo realized he had spent all his money on the tv .	Now he has a tv but ca n't watch anything on it .
James signed up and ate one hundred wings .	He won a gift certificate for a free twenty piece hot wings .
I was cold .	I decided to use the fireplace .
Elizabeth moved into a new house .	She decided to paint the house .
Tom broke his mother 's vase .	She demanded an explanation from him .
Amy yelled `` Kanye '' as he stepped out .	She was surprised and pleased when stopped for a photo with her .
Steve and Cheryl found they had many things in common .	They began to frequently go on dates and fell in love over time .
She took two artists under her wing .	The artists argued continually and had a power struggle .
He did n't quite know how to use it .	He talked to his grandchildren about it .
She was so grateful she forgot all about the pearls .	They were closer than ever before .
Shortly after I received my voter registration card .	I presented it when I cast my ballot on election day .
Finally , Sam was ready to leave the lot .	He pulled out and promptly fell into a ditch .
They wanted to feed carrots to the giraffe too .	Kylie and Josiah put their change together and bought some carrots .
She tried to fight back but they always beat her .	She asked her teacher but the teacher did not do anything .
Joanne 's family rarely used the swimming pool anymore .	She got tired of closing it and opening it every year .
Amy did n't know any of Ray 's other friends .	She worried she would n't have anyone to talk to other than Ray .
Bill was really nervous the morning of his driving test .	He wanted to get his licence so badly !
Carson put on his favorite white dress shirt .	He saw some red spots on the pocket .
It was a little scary because of how cold it was .	I was afraid it would last long .
Quentin spent months on the project , working on and off .	His initial tests were last week .
Heisenberg loved to cook .	Heisenberg would cook Chinese food often .
Then she stumbled upon the real cure .	Chicken soup and hot tea made her well !
Sadly , he asked locals about it .	To his surprise , they laughed !
He decided it was finally time to wash his clothes .	There were so many it took him all day !
He told me that he 's been thinking about a bonfire all day .	We went to the store to get smore supplies .
To his surprise , the dentist was very nice !	She calmed all of Roy 's fears !
He asked his neighbors if they knew the cat .	Nobody recognized it , so he adopted it himself .
Gina worried it would be someone else she did n't like .	To her delight her sister stepped out of the car .
Miles decides to get a replacement light bulb from the local store .	He replaces the bulb in his room .
Mike forgot to set a timer when he put them in the oven .	Forty minutes later he ran to pull out his burnt cookies .
After a week , someone called Jim .	She had found his hat on a bench .
The patron sipped the drink and said it was too cold .	The bartender took the drink back and removed some ice .
She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her .	However he allowed her to play with the ball as well .
Two guys approached him and invited him to smoke with them .	Kevin tried to smoke but began coughing .
John made a vow then and there to get into the best shape of his life .	Just over a year later , he won a prestigious fitness competition .
In New Orleans , Francisco samples gumbo and other delicious food .	When his trip is over , he is very sad to leave .
For Years Charles wanted a job selling technology .	A company hired him three months ago to sell online marketing plans .
When she received it she was thrilled .	She immediately went out and took it for a drive .
Lynn stood on a rock and peered into a window .	In the kitchen she could see Lynn 's dad in the refrigerator .
She studied very hard at school .	Finally she graduated .
Jim 's girlfriend thanked him for trying to make her happy .	They went to a nice restaurant instead and had a great time .
Pete 's pals talked about bringing dogs and cats and rabbits .	Pete felt left out because he only had pet fish .
Kelly was excited to get a new iPod .	She was in desperate need of one .
He never used it .	He sold it online for less than he paid for it .
Suddenly she realized that her necklace was gone .	She dove underwater and searched the pool .
I do it to teach them about giving .	We 'll do it again this year .
He put out a bunch of food and played some music .	Soon his guests started to show up .
The man saw a rainbow .	He followed it until he found the end .
Kay began to knit but it was n't going very well .	Kay eventually gave up and bought a sweater instead .
He politely declined and told me that he chooses to live this way .	Eventually , I walked away .
In fact , her kitten has dug her way into the bag for them .	So , Maggie put them up in the highest cupboard .
Janet was very excited that it was Christmas so she could open gifts .	She raced downstairs to take a look at the presents under the tree .
My friends and I arrived at the gym at 4 o'clock .	I kept my keys and my cellphone in my pockets .
She was yelling at kids as they walked by .	Her mother came out and stood on the sidewalk looking up at her .
After a few hours , I finished !	I decided to inspect my work .
Tim worked as a valet .	Tim and his friends would race each other on foot to retrieve a car .
He decided to pay for a coach .	He works out with the coach for a month .
While leaving the office , William closed his finger between the doors .	He yelped in pain , then left the school and treated his injury .
Paul tried to look at my project .	He was moving pieces and putting them in other places .
Then , she brought the pie to dinner .	Everyone loved it .
Maribel checked outside for the fifth time .	She looked up and down the street frantically .
Tara tried to make a cake .	It was baking well until someone slammed a door in the house .
He tried to touch her and asked if they can go out .	She immediately called security .
Tom was a man who worked as a CEO at a large company .	Unfortunately , Tom 's car broke down , and he had many bills to pay .
Tina hired a lawyer .	Tina sued her employer .
Jed listened to the woman and wrote down her design ideas .	He spent a full week working hard on the dress , trying a few ideas .
She left the store and grabbed lunch .	Afterwards she came back to check her clothes .
Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead .	The branch worked just as well as a real bat !
Later she got it checked and the diamond was fake .	Tiffany called her boyfriend and broke up with him .
One night , they all heard scurrying noises .	Slowly , they woke up and noticed a rat on the ground .
He had just gotten his tax returns .	He decided to go to his local electronics store .
He researched procedures for deployments .	The rules for deployment required a minimum time in position .
William has a macbook .	It started messing up for him .
In the beginning I thought the therapist was just causing me pain .	I did not want to come to physical therapy , but soon I changed .
He joined the gym .	The gym instructor told him to run .
They asked me to speak and I do n't like to speak in groups .	I practiced my speech and when giving it I spoke too fast and quietly .
After a few hours , she had a feeling that she had forgotten something .	Julie went home and saw in the mirror how red she was .
As we decided to leave , a huge meteorite lit the entire night .	From that point on , we always make an effort to watch them .
He told me that he thought up words to go with the rhythms .	All of his examples were really funny !
Was this official selling to him actually a con artist ?	The official made an allusion to needing a bribe .
Marie felt something scurry over her feet .	Marie picked up her feet and started to scream .
I love watching television .	I have about six shows I love to watch .
One day Sally made a romantic advance on Dave .	Dave politely turned her down .
In his years fighting he became a man .	When he finally left the military he was n't the same .
He even persuaded Ben to purchase a hamster .	At the end of the day , Ben took home the hamster and a few supplies .
He was inside of a smoothie shop inquiring about a position .	The manager interviewed him and it went well .
Harry parked his truck near the park .	When he got back he noticed a scratch on his door .
It was still early morning but he could n't sleep .	He decided he should get up to see the sunrise .
It started raining this morning .	I spent some time making coffee and sitting down .
She scratched his head , looked in his eyes , and picked him to be hers .	Clara finally took her puppy home and was super happy .
Brittany was excited for her upcoming high school prom .	She was looking forward to in very much .
Kyle was sure he did not need to wear a helmet when he rode his bike .	One day , he was riding his bike to a friend 's house .
When Carrie woke up , she tried to brace for disappointment .	But there , on her phone , was her promised text !
He went to see his favorite band .	The line was long outside .
She decided to confront her about it .	When she confronted her about it , Madison defined everything .
Peter and Jake were eating pizza .	Peter left without paying .
She hoped to cure the girl of her fear .	She sent the girl to feed the dogs .
Her internet browser would not close .	It stayed open on one specific screen .
Joey accidentally drove his truck off the road Christmas morning .	He could n't free his truck from the mud .
At the final game of the season , the coach let Jimmy play .	Jimmy scored his first goal !
Rob was grounded for a week .	He was n't allowed to leave his room .
Jimmy got the job !	Jimmy was happy and secure with his new job .
Christian went upstairs , sat at his desk , and worked on his homework .	Christian turned his homework into the teacher the next day .
She asked every student in the class what happened ?	None of the students had acceptable answers .
Her brother Jamie asked her why she was crying .	Jenny said she left her textbook at school .
A dollar flew out of Phil 's grasp and into the wind .	He changed the dollar for a long time .
One friend was the closest , we talked all the time .	We spent the majority of our childhood together .
His mom dropped him off .	Tim ran towards his 1st period class .
He wished he could impress a venture capitalist to invest in him .	After college he designed a website .
He would pick fights with me at lunchtime every day .	No one would help me so I brought a gun and shot Abraham dead .
For a while they were worried that she was in labor early .	Luckily , things died down and she was okay .
She had to give her mom bad news .	Her teacher took her $ 400 cell phone from her .
The hamster is very shy and timid .	She tries to play with him but he does n't want to leave the cage .
She took teddy down the slides , on the swings , and in the sand box .	Ella heard her mom calling that it was time to go home .
After it was restored she put it in a box and wrapped it .	She gave it to her dad for his birthday and he was happy .
His second call was an armed suspect running from the police .	They were close and decided to pursue the criminal .
The Huertas will never think of Christmas the same again .	They do n't return to the beach house ever again .
Jim 's friend bought him a new book .	Jim was grateful to have a good friend .
He was now almost 70 and had a huge collection .	His grandchildren always wanted to look at them when they visited .
Sam was irritated at her sister .	She yelled for her sister to be quiet while she was on the phone .
I was in the mood for a walk .	I walked to the local park .
The gathered their gear and made their way to the small boat .	The boat set sail and carried them far out into the sea .
Suddenly , at 2 am , he heard noises .	He got up to see if there were gifts .
My sister in law broke her ankle one year .	She had a bipolar husband .
I am a stay at home mom .	I get very tired of deciding what to make for dinner .
Steven took beginners classes and improved his skills .	Steven worked his way up to advanced classes with seasoned performers .
Every year grandma would knit her a new sweater .	This holiday was no exception .
They lost almost everything , but found the plastic case undamaged .	The tarantula was nowhere to be found after the fire .
Monica lost her cat last week .	She had been looking for it all over the neighborhood .
Today he decided to steal a coat from a department store .	As he walked out with the coat however , a guard stopped him .
Texas was leading the entire 4th quarter .	In the final seconds , Michigan 's quarterback threw a huge pass .
She felt sad and stopped visiting regularly .	Then Ann got a call from the nursing home .
She was leaving him with his dad .	Dad and Alex helped mom put her things in the car .
Sue was at her daughter 's house .	Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick .
Our teacher gave us a class assignment .	We were all supposed to confess one secret we have .
The neighbors big dogs could n't come close to our yard at all .	I took him to my Mom 's house for a visit last Thanksgiving .
Jane 's mother , not knowing for sure , still told her yes .	Her daughter was quite inquisitive , Jane thought to herself .
By the end of the day she 'd bought four different bottles .	Ali had really enjoyed the vineyard tour !
I was using a saw so lots of dust was getting in the air .	I began to cough and my chest hurt .
Jack and his mother discussed his grade and Jack agreed to get a tutor .	The tutor worked with Jack all quarter and his grade improved to a B .
But Rosie was getting increasingly nervous as the concert went on .	Finally , when it was time for her solo , Rosie was trembling in fear !
She went home and tried to draw what she 'd seen .	It took her Years and Years of practice .
May asked the flight attendant did they know each other ?	The flight attendant was Charles ' mother !
She had to walk down the street to pick it up .	Inside , she gave them her order number .
A year later , the pup was nearly a hundred pounds .	Ann discovered its papa was a Saint Bernard .
He looked online for more job opportunities .	He could n't find a job that would meet his demands .
She picked it up and carried it home .	There , she began caring for it and feeding it .
Amy 's boss told her he wanted to move her to a new desk .	Amy was upset because she liked her current desk .
We got to explore many of the country 's natural wonders .	We ended our trip back in Jersey
Joshua sees his phone number and address in the advertisement .	Barbara tells him she does n't love him anymore .
I was a James Lee Burke fan .	His characters always ate po boy sandwiches .
One day his job required him to fly to another city .	Larry refused .
Today she watched a video about cats and could n't stop laughing .	I did n't understand until I watched it too .
The tree was blocking the door to the shed .	It made the door very difficult to open .
I was very excited and knew my work with the company was stellar .	I kept imagining what I would do with a new title and salary !
She was excited for the trip and looked forward to browsing the shops .	While walking around , she wandered away from her mother .
But the couch was too soft .	Gina tossed and turned , certain she would never fall asleep .
He agreed to the bet .	Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer .
At first she hated it .	But then she got a coworker named John .
He wanted to demonstrate them to me .	I was obviously uncomfortable letting in a stranger with knives .
Pat went to brush his hair with his favorite brush .	The brush was full of old hair from previous brushings .
He had a lot of fun exploring nature .	Him and his friends would play in the mud .
Jason 's girlfriend wants him to grow a beard .	Jason thinks this is a great idea .
In a few months he had earned enough for a used car .	Adam was so proud to drive his `` new '' car to school every day !
Jim stopped working out for 2 months .	He decided he would start again after Thanksgiving .
She gave it to her sister for her birthday .	Her sister threw it at the wall .
He balances his order on his tray and looks for a seat .	When he finally sees an open seat , he rushes to sit down .
After sipping it again , salt was thrown into balance the flavor .	Samantha took one last taste and decided that it was ready .
she was n't able to do many things .	Everyday at school she was bullied .
Knowing a lot about technology , Carolina aced her interview .	She was extremely excited to learn she got the job .
She wanted to search Dave 's desk for her pencils .	There was a teacher outside of the lunchroom .
I will wear it tomorrow .	My shopping trip was a success .
They said they wanted to try something daring .	They all ordered octopus tentacles !
Bob said , `` mom never beats me when we have company '' .	Bob 's brother confronted his mom and the abuse stopped .
Wendy made herself chicken soup and a healthy fruit smoothie .	The next morning , she felt much better .
His mother decided to sing to him .	He loved it .
He had to fight in court to get his dog back .	Fortunately they were reunited after he won the case .
Tim surprised Liz with a hot air balloon ride .	They took a picnic lunch and champagne with them .
He took the train and got settled in his new home .	Three days later he received a phone call from his friend Steve .
Unfortunately the waitstaff was terrible .	The staff were not friendly .
It was the 2nd Christmas with Amy 's new boss .	Her team decided they did n't like the way he managed them .
He decided to swim without her .	He was in the pool when she noticed him .
After a week his feet were killing him .	After that he always took his time when buying shoes .
Eventually he accumulated a lot of debt because of it .	He took his own life to escape it .
The turkey was on fire !	The whole house smelled like smoke .
He ate as neatly as possible .	When it was over , everyone said he did fine .
The signal was fading so he turned around to listen more .	It seemed no direction had any better reception .
Everyone would tell me how much they loved my sisters pancakes .	I asked my sister how she makes her pancakes .
I told her that she still had a nine-o'clock curfew .	And I told her the curfew applied to games as well as people .
Tim banged the gong a few more times for fun .	She came upstairs and opened the door for him .
Lisa lost her tooth yesterday .	She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something .
It had snowed so heavily that winter .	Marcy saw the snow was finally melting .
She was recently invited to interview for the job of her dreams .	Julie spent days preparing for the interview , but was still nervous .
John had a mouse in his home .	It had been coming up from behind his sink .
Stan likes the friend , Sam , and wanted to get to know her better .	After an hour , Sam 's mother started yelling at her .
When the adults arrived , the kids ran .	The men gave chase .
carol loved to go fishing with her grandfather	One day when they were fishing carol fell in the lake
She could n't even sleep that night because of it .	The next day comes and she gets picked to go first .
He ended up turning on netflix .	He then watched his favorite show .
He raked the leaves .	He put the leaves in bags and cleared his lawn .
He was a bit nervous to go up and talk to Santa .	When it was his turn , Santa smiled at him and waved .
I was feeling very hungry .	I decided to make some soup .
For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily .	During the first week , the rain flooded the basement .
She went to work despite being sick .	Her boss noticed she was sick and sent her home .
He spent all his spare time pranking his classmates and teachers .	One day they decided to prank him back .
She drove to the parlor to get them done .	When she got there they pieced them .
Tim was hungry so he looked around for food .	He could n't find anything , so he decided to order a pizza .
She washed them .	Then , she peeled them .
Hew was really nervous when he finally met up with her .	He bought them their coffee and they sat down to chat .
Nick was trying to come up with a name for his dog .	His girlfriend hated every name he came up with .
We scooped both dogs up and brought them home .	When we were home , both dogs got a big scolding .
The boy liked to daydream about her .	He did not know her but only saw her at school .
He started daydreaming about the food he would eat later .	So much time passed , that it was finally lunch time .
It was 4 AM .	Amy , Kim and Lynn had been up all night .
His wife is overcome with joy that he offers to wash them .	Fred notices that washing the dishes is n't so bad .
Jeanne nervously stared at the door .	Minutes earlier Jeanne had completed an online transaction .
Emily was tired of the poor quality of apples at her local store .	Emily instead bought an apple tree at her local greenhouse .
He found many good deals .	He made an online purchase of the skis .
He insulted a large man with a firearm .	The man shot Bill several times .
Andrew did n't have a ticket and lied about his name .	Now he 's worried about being caught for the lie .
I resolved to fix the hole in the seat of my jeans .	I got the sewing kit out of the bathroom .
I checked the screen and it could n't turn on .	I immediately got furious and called customer support .
May wanted to start a book club .	She sent fliers around to her family and friends .
Neither was interested in unduly waiting .	The wedding date was set for Fall , only a month away .
Yesterday was my mom 's birthday .	She turned another year older .
My friend had some fondue and stopped because he felt bad .	He asked if there was wine in the fondue because he was allergic .
She looked in the mirror and saw skin peeling .	She then learned her lesson and would never tan again .
After rushing , she did make it to work on time	Her boss was very kind and bought her some fries for lunch
Betsy was really good with money .	She went to college and wanted to do something in math .
Jen was incredibly worried about her English test .	So she started studying and never stopped .
Bill became an expert on runes with many years of practice .	Now archaeologists pay him for his help with identifying symbols .
Alan played in the trumpet section for the Christmas parade .	It was so cold as he marched down Main Street that his valves froze .
She was enacting her brilliant plan to ace school by the motto why try	As she left class she gave herself a pat on the back for not working .
Suddenly he saw a little boy struggling in the deep end !	Tim took action immediately , jumping into the water .
Then , she picked the pillow up and brought it home .	It was n't really helpful for illness , but it was a cozy pillow .
She let the students wear their art for the rest of the day .	Before dismissing class , Susan wanted to photograph the necklaces .
The waitress served my food to me .	However , an angry man approached us .
After making a copy she needed to put the key back .	The only problem was her mother was no longer napping .
Two best friends from Boston write a movie together .	They star in it and get it filmed .
It had been weeks .	He was enjoying the beautiful scenery .
He tries to collect at least one every day .	Today , he could not find one .
She put the water on to boil .	While she waited , she got out the macaroni and cheese .
I told her to draw me a picture while I spoke to the counselor .	She sat down at a chair and pulled the crayons out .
It was a quiet town so he was having trouble staying awake .	All of a sudden , he felt a tapping on his shoulder .
Now she was almost through with stuffing and sealing the envelopes .	Suddenly something on one of the invitations caught her eye .
She did not make the cut and never tried out again .	I could n't watch her play basketball for the rest of high school .
The two classes of children engaged in a game of Tug of War .	The rope was pulled tightly between the two teams .
I filled my plate to the top .	I could n't wait to go back next time .
She immediately got hit and smacked me with her purse .	I remained on my knees trying to hold the pain on my stomach .
I have not been in a parade in Years .	I picked out my outfit and had my hair done .
Lindsay went over to feed the ducks some bread .	The ducks ate the bread .
Chad 's is preparing for a saxophone solo .	His reeds are moist and he 's ready to go .
Then , she pushed against the floor and extended her legs .	She straightened and stood for 5 seconds before dropping on her but .
The starting gun fired and she was off like a flash .	She sped around the track like a blur .
Finally when she bought it they were on sale .	Kelly was happy to get it .
He violently swerved , and came within inches of a near car .	Thankfully , his car came to a halt as he slid into a ditch , uninjured .
The words on the paper seemed to swim before his eyes .	Fifteen minutes into the test period , Steve had fallen asleep .
Sara was scared to start high school .	She thought the students would make fun of her for being Muslim .
When she walked away , the baby spilled juice on the carpet .	Jenny had to clean it up for half an hour .
When she got in , she saw her lamp was broken .	She saw it shattered on the floor .
I made a pizza today .	It had mushrooms and mozzarella on it .
He started a second job just to be able to get by .	He worked on weekdays for his primary job .
Elena made a large turn into the highway .	Since the floors were slippery , the car fell of course .
He showed us , then chased us down for money .	He followed us for several miles , and we were scared .
She could n't believe how expensive they were though .	Luckily she found a good deal for Bose .
Arnold was scared of mice .	He thought they were disgusting .
She found lipstick on his shirt .	Kim called off the wedding .
Her grandpa was now dead .	His room door sat open all the time .
I signed up for online classes with Les Brown Inc .	I ordered the materials for the training .
Each week he wrote letters home , but then he stopped !	Joe was nervous and scared , wondering what happened to Jack .
She wanted a marble finish on it .	She hired workers to redo her kitchen .
Only one of my kids likes blueberry pop-tarts .	I usually buy one big box of chocolate and one small box of blueberry .
She became disgusted when he was trying to flirt with her .	Therefore , she got up and left .
Frank watched the entire debate .	He thought the other candidate might be more qualified for the job .
The story she wrote was about the terrible childhood she 'd had .	She did n't expect any response at all , from such a graphic tale .
Finally , he had to take the computer into a repair shop .	When he got it back he was crushed to see the paper did n't save .
I am a big fan of PCC trolleys .	They were developed in the 1930s to modernize transit .
Jim 's friend gave him some advice .	And suggested that he could learn enough online .
But she did n't want to go .	She went to the bathroom and sat on the counter .
My friends invited me to the dance club .	I decided to go .
Jim was a very quiet boy .	But one day another student mocked him on the playground .
His dog kept barking at him all morning !	Gary realized the water bowl was empty and filled it up .
She told her friend Dan he should take the adorable puppy .	After 1 hour with the cute puppy he could n't resist .
It was Christmas morning .	Sue woke up early to open her presents .
Ricky really wanted breakfast .	But he was too lazy to cook .
Carl was waiting for his bus after school .	It was taking unusually long .
She watched everyday as he took off his glasses and closed his eyes .	He got up and off at the stop before hers , everyday .
It was very cold one night .	Grandma did n't want to turn up the heat .
She checked her account online .	It turned out that her bill was late .
It was the morning of the trip and she was so excited .	Unfortunately , her mom was n't feeling well .
At least two feet had fallen and it was still snowing .	Their parents checked their school 's website to see if it was closed .
The person ran away from Mike .	Mike laughed at the people he called his snowball peasants .
Then she decided to attend a rehab center .	Within three months she was clean for good !
We had forgotten our money .	We had to apply for the store credit card .
As she was driving home , she got caught in a flood .	Sophie tried to drive through .
He worked out everyday for six months .	He finally thought he could beat his friend Jim .
Jerry asked his father if they can talk .	He confessed that he 's homosexual .
She could n't take the annoying noise anymore .	She ran to his room and threw a blanket over the cage .
I could n't find them anywhere .	Then , I discovered a pile of socks beneath the couch .
However his food came and was lukewarm and seemed cheap .	He wrote a negative review and turned it into the magazine .
Bill took his Mother out to the casino yesterday .	Bill won a jackpot on a slot machine .
Jan 's house was a mess .	She knew she should start cleaning by washing the dishes .
Max was working on an important work project .	He had been working on the spreadsheets for a few hours .
She therefore decided to buy chicken sausage .	To her delight it tasted good .
Pablo wanted to make a painting .	Pablo was no good at painting .
The teacher introduced herself to the class today .	They were happily until the teacher started to act serious .
Vincent 's boss says that Brad owes him money .	Vincent drives to Brad 's house with a friend to get the money .
The first pitch was wide .	The second pitch was high .
Jessica 's friends were sure she would like kale .	They told her this every day .
Jason asked his friend Steve to go with him .	Together they got ready for the concert by having a couple of beers .
Gina was n't looking forward to the long drive to Illinois .	When her family stopped at a gas station she decided to get snacks
The whole family was in a somber mood .	Gina 's brother Jay had moved out of state .
Unfortunately , Patty was horribly seasick the entire time .	She was never so glad to return home from a vacation .
They decided to go on jungle trekking adventure .	They planned everything out perfectly .
Knowing this , the bus driver still wanted me to get out .	After walking out , I became soaked from the rain .
While his parents were away , he drove the family car .	But he got a flat tire .
Earlier , Steve went to the jeweler to purchase an engagement ring .	He then planned out how he would propose to his girlfriend that night .
He did n't have any more money to get another .	Tim 's brother offered to share his .
His eyes began to swell .	Heather took him to the vet right away .
We had a hard time deciding where to eat .	We finally settled on Chinese .
Tom was a mountaineer .	He needed to purchase new gear .
She wanted to get the toy .	She tried many times but it would n't work .
The neighborhood children were having a snowball fight .	At one point , Jill got hit in the face with the snowball .
About a quarter of the way up he slips .	With one hand dangling and hold on he falls .
Mark loves to play basketball with his friends .	He has played for 4 years .
Greg was at work and was eating lunch in the breakroom .	He brought a bag of carrots to eat .
DeeDee does not wear make-up .	At work , her boss told her to start wearing make-up .
She asked her dad to take her to the ice cream stand .	Her dad bought her a chocolate ice cream cone .
Ali got a job as a cleaning lady .	She went to work on her first day , ready and eager .
Mary put the filling in tortillas .	She served the tacos with a big salad .
I used to be my teacher 's pet in the third grade .	I liked when she asked me to mark the attendance .
Sam was pouring things down the drain .	He poured ketchup down the drain .
He felt that the ending was very solid .	Fred decided to buy the book .
Nate was working on a batch of low paying tasks .	After a while , he came across a CAPTCHA .
The sleep specialist I saw recommended a CPAP to help me sleep .	It took a while to get used to you to the CPAP but it really helped me
A girl introduced herself to me .	I found out that we were born from the same country .
They were expensive and he was excited .	It had n't rained for days .
I asked Detts sister but she would not answer me .	Now I believe Dett is a killer because she told she was .
The students were very nervous , but did their best .	The play got a good review in the student paper .
She wants to be a nurse , but her SATs scores were low .	Tona asked my daughter to edit her college essay .
They were stuck so long the fireworks began to go off ahead of them .	Lucy rolled down the window , stuck out her head and watched .
The person pulled on the door but it did not move .	Sam walked over to the door and pushed it open .
Leo was a student who loved science .	He decided to enter the science fair .
He set up his computer and microphones and called all his friends .	Together , they all made a funny podcast that got a lot of views .
He ran into Jane while walking to the store .	Mark likes Jane a lot .
She decides that she should become a carpenter .	She finds a local carpenter who allows her to be an apprentice .
My stomach started to hurt .	I have to decided to only eat candy in small amounts from now on .
Her mom gave her a tube of aloe gel .	Ivy rubbed it onto her sore skin .
For 40 Years Janice has been afraid of swimming .	Her friends and family encourage her to go to the beach .
The system has reformed him .	He is now a productive and honest citizen .
Last week my basketball game went into overtime .	We played better in overtime than we did in regulation .
It was about his favorite character and it made sounds .	Unfortunately , it did n't have a battery in it .
Suddenly , the chain snapped and dropped bob to the floor .	Luckily , ob 's hard head broke his fall .
His friend Heath decided to invite more people .	The party tripled in size .
He had to be scored to the hospital .	The official disqualified the contestant who made the plate .
Finally she tried to inspect the source of the pain .	She realized a mattress spring was sticking out .
It made her feel clean and refreshed .	But after she got out of the shower , she began sweating .
He followed his puppy 's steps across the grass .	There was Thomas 's puppy all covered in dirt .
Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up .	I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job .
Jasper realizes there is no food at his house .	He decides to go out to get some fried chicken .
She decides to start training on her own .	Julie is able to lose weight without the expensive training sessions .
Amy rushed home to get her report card from the mail .	To her delight she had an A in every class .
The car was beautiful and shiny .	One day Charlie drove his car to work .
His brother enjoyed all of the things they did .	Evan enjoyed himself .
One day after work , Lisa noticed a policeman writing him a ticket .	She smiled , because karma finally caught up to him .
One of the wheels hit the pebble and threw Bill into the air .	He ended up chipping a tooth that day .
The next time Frank did laundry , some of the new socks were lost .	Frank learned to be content wearing mismatched socks .
She painted a landscape , with soft hues and a gentle meadow .	Her friends urged her to enter the painting in the school contest .
Ava 's parents got a new puppy .	At first Ava did n't like it .
Gina was asleep in her room at 8 AM .	Suddenly she heard a loud , crashing , sound .
It was hidden inside a big red box .	When she opened it she was very surprised !
Alyce and Chris went with their friends to the river one afternoon .	They set up their chairs and blankets in the beautiful park nearby .
She needed to get caught up .	She worked three jobs .
She yelled out for help .	Tori had an allergic reaction and passed out .
John was in a rush .	As people were crowding in the train John pressed the close button .
Then he entered it in the talent show .	He did not expect to win .
Megan grabbed her tools from her locker .	She was excited about what the day might hold .
This scared me half to death .	I flipped on my bedside lamp to see my brother in a ski mask !
Peb had left her math book in the lunchroom .	She hurried back to get it .
He decided to walk home after waiting for an hour .	He became cold and wet as it was raining .
He hired a tutor to help him learn spanish .	Every week he met with his tutor .
It was more work than he realized .	And the hot weather did n't help .
When I placed my hand on the pan by accident I burnt myself .	The pain was horrendous .
Emily is riding her bicycle home from school .	She sees an injured bird on the ground .
Oscar was thirteen years old and getting slower .	When Oscar died , my mother was very sad .
Sam went on vacation to the beach .	He loved the small town he stayed in .
He drove his tractor into a fence .	The tractor smashed through the fence and kept going .
I decided to shower to clean up .	Alas , I did not know that my water pipe was faulty .
His girlfriend Jane was a vegetarian , and very strict with Mike .	Mike was whipped and listened to Jane when she said no meat .
Peggy went to the pet store to look at the little birds .	One small bird was singing so sweetly to Peggy she decided to buy him .
One night in Oklahoma , a tornado approached her RV .	The wind was deafening , and it shook the RV .
Carrie lost her brand new puppy .	She tried looking everywhere for it .
They did not know the rules so they made them up .	They called their new game Monkey Chess .
Suddenly she heard a knock on the door .	It was a police officer .
It was extremely frightening for him	He could hear the walls and the floor creak .
Ian decided to learn how to play basketball .	Playing basketball was a lot harder than watching it .
She worked really hard on it all year .	When it was time to share she was so nervous .
I did n't make the team though which was disappointing .	The coach said that I need to work on my swing .
Paul loved to cook , it was his passion .	Unfortunately , everything he made was nigh-inedible .
A scientist walked up to a podium in a crowded room .	He took out his speech from a folder and tapped the mic .
There was a heavy blizzard going on .	His vision was limited by the heavy snowfall
My friend and I were very bored .	We looked around for something to do .
Todd was busy watching the news .	All of a sudden , he heard a loud crash outside .
One day , my neighbor 's dog got into our yard .	He ate one of our ducks .
He replaced the belt and the sound went away .	He threw the old belt away and sighed in relief .
Fred 's car broke down in the middle of a work week .	He needed an alternative way to get to work so he looked online .
I tried several models at the practice range inside the store .	I decided to buy the most expensive option .
But one day , a girl approached him while he was playing at lunch .	He was asked to prom by her , and as a gift she gave him an action toy .
A branch snapped and I broke my leg .	I realized I should not climb oak trees .
The dog often chased Ivan around the house , trying to bite him .	Eventually Ivan realized he was still doing his job , just differently .
Joel loved to feed the ducks .	He would collect stale bread in his neighborhood .
She and my Dad are both sick in bed .	I did n't get the shot and I feel fine .
He and a friend took the long drive to Utah to find a good mountain .	They spent a terrific weekend snowboarding .
He spotted a raccoon dragging a fish from the river .	The eagle dived down .
However her power went out .	All the guests then had to leave .
Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go to the park .	Arriving at the park she noticed a large amount of ducks .
They are cut down to make chopsticks .	There needs to be a better solution .
Ian was exhausted after soccer practice .	But he needed to finish his homework .
She was supposed to perform a piece in an upcoming piano recital .	Anne was nervous about performing .
I walked the dog for about twelve blocks .	The dog jerked free and ran away .
As soon as I saw the fence , I ducked down .	I saved my own life by acting quickly that afternoon .
The gator became excited and lunged towards James and the fish .	Frightened , James escaped away from the alligator unharmed .
She had never seen the country before .	She thought it was noisy and dirty !
In reality , the man was a figment of his imagination .	Nevertheless , Jon did not know the difference between fact and fiction .
Kevin was a father who did n't get a chance to see his daughter often .	One day he had time off and went to visit her in the country .
Pavel is excited to vote in the presidential election .	He 's reviewed his candidates .
It took hours .	He did not get home until very late that night .
He said it was economical .	One day his friend ran out of gas .
She sat on the porch enjoying the sun .	Her niece came out with her bike and began to ride .
I told my supervisor immediately .	They had to call it in the proper authorities .
Gina sat and held her grandma 's hand while her mother got the car .	Gina grabbed her grandma 's purse and helped her to the car .
However , she only asked me questions about myself .	When I decided to ask , she barely had anything to say .
Her mom said that she would have to earn the money .	Elizabeth spent the next few weeks doing all the chores she could .
This morning I had a terrible headache .	I asked my son Simon if he could take the dog out .
Rakesh gave his friend , Charles , $ 75 !	But Charles showed his mother the cash and she made him return it .
Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise .	He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed .
My friends always asked me if I had a facebook account .	I realized that I needed to sign up .
She picked it up and took it home with her .	She says she wo n't keep it but probably will .
Gus attempted to tie his shoes .	He gave a final pull and the laces did not get taunt .
I was n't sure what caused the itch .	I had to wind up returning it even though it looked good .
He looked out his window and saw a tree had fallen down .	It had hit electrical wires and sparks were flying everywhere .
When the teacher dismissed us for recess , tony ran quickly .	She decided to go on top of the slides .
He was in a road trip one day .	His friends dared him to right the visitors train .
Jan impressed her co-workers with her knowledge of game show trivia .	But , Jane knew the answers because she watched an earlier broadcast .
But then she saw that they were amused by her headgear .	Ana decided that the antlers were actually fun to wear !
She started feeling contractions and called her husband .	He rushed over .
Her grandmother had passed away the previous week .	Anette put together a playlist of her grandma 's favorite songs .
She did n't remember who arrived first .	All the drivers seemed to be unsure .
She decided to go tan .	When she got to the pool , she fell asleep .
Lara was afraid of going .	But her mother forced her to go .
Paloma is at her wits end .	She eventually seeks long term help for him .
Suddenly she realized how little time she had .	She began to panic .
I got out of my car and threw the keys on the ground .	I walked from the car and did n't look back .
On the way home from school , Anna stepped in a puddle .	She came into her house but did n't take her shoes off .
My fiancee and I are planning our wedding for this coming spring .	At first we considered inviting all of our friends and family .
Jessica was concerned about her appearance .	She did not like her brown eyes .
She was n't a very good bowler .	She felt sure she 'd come in last place .
He talked about the might and glory of a deity .	Bob 's audience listened with rapt attention and swayed .
I also put fairies around the house .	Everything looked great .
He got to pick any prize he wanted .	He selected a four foot tall monkey .
He invited his family over for a native Italian dinner .	They were eager to see what he would cook them .
As soon as he tried putting mayonnaise on it , the bottle broke .	All of the liquid spilled on my sandwich .
Ed wanted to go for a boat ride .	He went down to the marina .
She really could not afford them .	Then she tried on her mother 's old wedding dress .
When his unit went on patrol that night , the retching became too much .	Tripping his way through the darkness to vomit , he slid down a slope .
And he noticed someone next to him listening to music .	The person had earphones on .
I did the first 6 in an hour .	I tried to open each of the 8 remaining hits .
She did n't want them to know , so she kept smiling and cheering .	Inside she was screaming .
He was walking in a nearby park , smoking away one day .	He started talking to a man , and the man responded with a voice box .
Neither one of us drives very well .	We hired a livery service for the wedding and reception .
She wondered where Gina was going .	But Gina did n't want to tell Tami and seem like a silly little girl .
He started practicing and two strings broke right away .	John went back to the store and bought a better violin .
They agreed upon a sum of money and hired him .	They all left the bar together and headed to the aircraft .
I think it is wonderful to listen because those kids are working hard .	They could be doing way worse things than having band practice .
He could n't decide between a cat or dog .	Suddenly , a dog licked the window .
The driver did not stop .	Stephanie was upset that she had to replace her mailbox .
Allan is the pastor of the First Baptist Church in his town .	He loves Sunday morning worship services in the main sanctuary .
Then in the spring , an amazing thing happened .	The tree in Theo 's yard produced hundreds of cherries !
The ice rink was unfortunately closed .	John was disappointed .
However , I told her what happened during the day I was mad .	She understood because she thought that I was mad at her .
Fin filled out the application , and took the test .	When he could n't do anything extraordinary , he blamed negative energy .
He began to sing his song .	Then he noticed that it was very quiet .
I downloaded the app and now I listen to books non stop .	At the gym , at work , driving , or cleaning at home I 'm going listening .
My mom smelled something and came outside .	She asked who did it and I was quiet .
She prepared fried chicken and mashed potatoes .	Her family devoured the meal .
She had to close the shop to await repairs .	The building owner told her it would be over a month for repair .
The day after he finished it , he brought it into his studio .	A few hours later , somebody bought the painting for a lot of money .
I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work .	I biked six miles through city streets to my job .
One morning he awoke to the sound of a bear tearing through the trash .	He called animal control and had the bear relocated .
He decided to have fun and dance .	Then he got really sick .
She had never seen anything like it .	She had already been in trouble for talking while the teacher was .
She was given a black lab to look after .	She took care of the lab every day .
Together , they chopped it down .	Finally , they paid for the tree and went home .
All the kids had a great time .	At the end of the day , they all told her how much they liked her !
She held her dog 's leash in her hand .	Her retriever tugged on the leash as Lisa followed .
They were in town and driving to her grandma 's house .	Gina saw the Ice Cream parlor she loved .
I need to decide what to do with my life soon .	I want to get a job and start earning money .
It was for her hair .	When she went to the salon it was a pain .
Gerry was walking to work .	On the way , he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back .
Today I bought some yogurt .	Under the cap I found tickets .
I told him I saw the new movie .	He surprised me by saying he knew Hans Solo was killed .
As the ball flew from his hands , the stadium was practically silent .	The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net .
Sandra followed the girl to her car .	And she saw the girl take money from the donation box .
Ken had just bought a new computer game .	But he could not get it to work !
Lorraine takes the long drive to Idaho where her brother lives .	They have a reasonably pleasant visit .
Amazingly , he ended up throwing a no-hitter .	I will remember that game for the rest of my life .
He became very good after much practice .	Today , Bill has his own band .
Frank did n't want to hire Charles as a telemarketer .	The reason is Charles did n't list his previous phone job experience .
The oldest kid played on the jungle gym .	The youngest kid played in the grass .
She asked her grandma to teach her .	Now Suzy is working on her own scarf .
Jen climbed all the way up the stairs .	There was a huge water slide at the top .
Sam loved to go to the cabin .	His family went there every summer .
Dan finds out his grandmother keeps her money under a mattress .	He begs her to put it in the bank but she refuses .
He was in a full cast .	When he went back to school all the kids wanted to sign it .
They were on the road for 10-15 minutes .	In addition , Ben noticed that the driver passed his stop .
Kelly was ready but quite disappointed .	She knew vacation would n't last forever .
Suddenly , she noticed a garage sale .	She decided to check it out .
The song was called real friends .	When I listened to the song it was great .
Her mother was awake , and her dad was driving .	Everyone else was in a deep sleep .
She took it into her mechanic .	Her mechanic told her she needed new rear brakes .
She gathered all the ingredients , including her favorite chocolate .	She mixed them up in a bowl and spread the mix in a pan .
They realized that the argument was stupid .	The made up and hugged .
The room looked nothing like the picture .	Meisha inquired about the rooms in the pictures .
Being out in the sun made him sick .	He threw up in the dugout .
Jack White screamed and flung his guitar against the wall .	It shattered into a million pieces .
Jon was playing outside .	He scraped his knee .
When they got to the ice cream shop there were a bunch of new flavors .	Janice just could not choose .
Whitney finally tried a bowl and it was lumpy and disgusting .	She was heartbroken that she had messed up her mom 's famous soup .
But during rush hour a few cars backed up waiting for their turn .	Today it was rush hour , and a snow storm .
Pam 's smart phone was malfunctioning .	She went to the store where she bought her phone .
Today Carrie tied the dog outside and went into the bakery .	She came out and split a jelly doughnut with her dog .
Someone suggested that they make popcorn .	Marco put a bag in the microwave .
Her niece and nephew came out and decided to help .	The kids began to jump on the large pile of leaves .
Her mother had made her special homemade cinnamon rolls .	She rushed downstairs to get one before her brother ate them all .
Justin broke his Mom 's window with a rock .	The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television .
One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he was out of coffee .	This had never happened to Jim before .
Tina was afraid of him .	She had no choice but to agree .
Her step-sister did not like Allie .	One day she locked Allie out of their bedroom .
He rushed through traffic .	All of a sudden his car started giving him a warning .
He waved at the firemen as they passed .	One of the firemen waved back at the boy .
It headed in the right direction but then turned around .	Laura had to get off and walk two miles home .
I had n't seen him in a long time and we decided to have dinner .	I went over and lucked out , he was making ribs !
She went to her local Mexican restaurant .	She ordered steak tacos .
My husband wanted to take a trip to Niagara Falls .	We went in Dec .
The visit had been way too long .	She hopped in the car and looked back at the house .
But while she was running it flew out of her hands .	Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground .
And he enjoyed taking care of animals .	He felt sad when the day was over .
She could n't figure out who had put it there .	She asked around and no one would claim it .
Tina always wanted a kitten .	She never had a pet before .
Anthony signed up and then determined she was single .	But who Anthony thought was her brother was really her husband .
Emily was going to jail , and she was excited .	She had been trying for years .
Charles knew he must make a change .	He made a phone call and requested an appointment with his boss .
One day jim found a phone number in a book .	It was written in the cover .
In response , I told her to go jump off of a building .	She fired me on the spot .
Mel loved writing poetry and wanted to be published .	She entered her poems into contests , but never won .
Amy had Home Ec for her 3rd class .	It was her first day in junior high , but she felt comfortable .
Now Misty and Billy date .	They are even going to have a child soon !
Howard received a call from his boss one day .	He was told to fire an employee to cut costs .
Eventually the old purse developed a large rip that could n't be fixed	Allie sadly admitted she needed a new one and went shopping .
I figured out something was wrong with the hard drive .	I took it to my friend to fix .
He took Mary out for a romantic dinner .	Tony pulled out a little blue box .
But he wanted to become healthier .	Ron walked for an hour every day .
What he did n't know was many of those jerseys are fake .	There are a number of sites that sell these fake jerseys .
I was out walking by the river one night .	It was dark and snowy .
She was hungry .	The lady doing the enrollments announced a lunch break .
Andrew mowed his friends lawn .	He got the sixty dollars .
My dog kept getting sick .	I bought a supplement that promised to cure her .
One day Sam met Sara and they both fell in love .	Sara helped Sam come out of his shell .
Tom went out and bought the engagement ring .	He popped the question and is now married to Ann .
My Dad was covered in puke .	My Dad started to curse and my friend was laughing .
It began flying through his house , scaring everyone .	Suddenly , it stopped on his sister and pooped .
When they came home , Stanley yelled at them .	His parents asked why he ca n't learn to cook for himself .
Alex has always avoided eating unfamiliar foods .	Finally his friends convince him to eat at an Indian restaurant .
Laura 's old cat had died when she was little .	Laura 's mom missed having a cat , and it was her mom 's birthday .
He swerved and hit a tree .	Tim 's car was totaled .
Nora was n't a very careful driver .	She often talked on her phone while driving .
Tom was considering playing football in high school .	He asked his parents for advice .
The coin dealer informed me that he did not have it .	I was disappointed as i headed back home .
Tom was a middle school student .	He signed up for a woodshop class .
Today I bought a new bunny .	The bunny really likes to hop around my backyard .
I decided to make a cake to surprise my husband .	I made sure I had all the ingredients .
However later that night she got sick .	She went to the doctor .
Sometimes Francis would let her ride him and they would fly !	Beth loved her time with her friend in her dream playtime .
She was nervous and worried about how she would sound .	When she walked up on stage , she got to her seat .
Barney fearfully huddled in his foxhole as the barrage came down .	He saw the tops of trees splintering and crashing toward the ground .
When I got there it was terrifying .	The kids were always fighting .
That 's why it was strange to his friends that Fred would shoplift .	Fred was at the mall looking for his next opportunity .
Then , he stumbled upon a cure .	The scientist 's hard work was able to help save many lives .
The gift was a small brass mouse with a long tail .	No one at the birthday party thought much of it at all .
But , to show my love I hung it up in my living room .	My son was happy and our relationship grew stronger .
He drank the coffee in one sitting .	Now Andrew is very alert .
I like to drink craft beers .	On Monday we we went out to dinner .
Several hours later he fell ill .	He went to the doctor to cure his illness .
He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor 's appointment .	When they arrived , the doctor explained what narcolepsy is .
Sarah was not feeling well .	She went to the doctor to find out why .
They worked on the house many hours for months .	Then they sold the beautifully renovated house for a huge profit .
Dennis wanted to earn money for himself .	He created his own lemonade stand .
Abby finds the class interesting , but very difficult .	After graduation , Abby remembers her Chemistry course fondly .
He cut down the tree and started crafting bows out of it .	The bows were so well balanced that all the pro 's wanted one !
Ava often wished she had no brother .	Then I went off to join the Army .
She named the kitten mitten .	She loved the kitten very much .
Seth quickly shrugged him off and walked past	Then suddenly Seth started to feel remorse for the man
Gina 's friend wanted to see her brothers NWA tape .	Gina was scared , but she showed her anyway .
However his girlfriend was vegan .	He could never decide on where to eat .
He wandered the stacks to find a good one .	A blue book about fishing caught his eye .
Amy recently had an interesting day .	She took the subway to work like she does everyday .
He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters .	Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors .
Tom decided to start working out this year .	He researched different gyms in his hometown .
Her daddy took her to the animal shelter to look .	There were all kinds to choose from .
Mike spends a lot of his time on the internet .	He really loves the internet , and learns a lot from websites .
Soon , they heard loud screams and loud banging !	The ran away fast and went home the next morning .
He also started to throw a few punches .	Jordan tried to dodge them .
Penny could n't wait to wear the new scarf her mom knitted .	On the first cold day , she proudly wrapped the scarf around her neck .
He planted them carefully .	He watered them every day .
Once it stopped I continued running .	It started to rain again after I finished my last mile .
Then she thought of a calorie-sensible alternative .	She blended up frozen bananas and other fruits with ice and yogurt .
It said it was 1:05 PM .	But Gina had no idea when she arrived .
Matt was able to get passed it with ease .	I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt .
Josh stuck to that plan and was too awkward to make a move .	Phyllis went home and never returned his calls .
Amy had taken her sister Ali with to a friends house .	Ali had gotten into a fight with the friends little sister .
Her sisters were upset , and protested .	Gina did n't care , the stereo was hers and she was taking it .
Amy spilled half the soda down her white shirt and on her pants .	Amy had to walk around the rest of the day with a stained shirt on .
His mother gave him soup and vitamin C .	After that Tom felt much better .
I picked out some nice frames .	Two weeks later they were ready , and I was now a glasses wearer .
They mixed pizza , milk , corn , and everything the cafeteria offered .	Students in the group dared each other to eat the mishmash for money .
Eventually a girl asked him to go instead of him asking her .	He went with her .
She wanted to create the perfect app for new moms .	The next day she contacted some people and got the app started .
Jenna screamed in terror .	A snake crawled within a few feet of her .
Marie spent the next decade studying hard .	She accepted a job at NASA .
The director suggested that he switch to kazoo .	Pete went home to practice for the kazoo tryout .
They ended up liking each other .	He got her number .
He had a headache and felt nauseous .	He went to the doctor to get it checked out .
Bob got to college and played soccer .	Bob got scouted and became a professional player !
Afterwards , she planted the trees in the holes .	She watered them and cared for them until they grew big .
He made a flyer asking for a strong helper .	He tacked it to every telephone pole around his house .
Day after day , she would watch stock prices rise and fall .	After a few years , she did not notice anything change .
Beth mistakenly thought it was 20 minutes .	After 20 minutes Beth 's hair was not blonde , but orange .
Cal shivered in a t-shirt as the snow fell on him .	The weather forecast had called for seventy degrees and sunny .
They all came to her room and surrounded her .	Together they prayed that she would get better .
Before I can capture it , it fell inside the sinkhole .	We requested a plumber to remove the pipe in order to get it .
Jeff took the check and put it into his pocket .	Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check .
After getting home , I began to unload the groceries .	While unloading the groceries , I noticed that I forgot several bags .
My husband drove me to the hospital .	The doctor there said I had sprained my ankle .
Antwan was very young when his mother died .	It affected him so much , he got on drugs at age thirteen .
He found a nice dvd player and bought it .	William gave his mother the gift after their dinner .
Peyton 's hair came out uneven and too short on one side .	She left the salon sad , but relieved that it would grow back quickly .
Everyone slowed to obey the yellow caution flag .	The wrecker pulled Ken 's car to safety in the middle of the track .
The jihadist called the support line with a complaint of an itch .	His vest bomb had been bothering him for the better part of a day .
Bill never liked sour cream as a kid .	As he got older he discovered he liked sour cream .
I got a hamburger on the way home from work .	Afterwards , I felt guilty about not sticking to my diet .
And it was because was because Mike was always angry .	One day , Mike had a guest in his house .
There was a large old tree in his backyard .	Dan heard a creaking sound but was n't sure what it was .
Ola decided to give up and order takeout instead of cooking .	She ordered chicken tenders - and they were delicious !
I was looking forward to eating the pie all day .	All I could think about was the sweet crust and smooth texture .
Amy loved eating pie , and she could eat a lot of it !	She decided to show off her skill publicly .
Joy was taking out her trash when she heard the tiniest of sounds .	A very young kitten lay on the ground , just a few feet away .
They enjoyed going head to head and were next up to race .	The revved their engines and tore down the raceway .
Jack lived in Canada .	He did n't like the cold , but he endured it .
Benji leapt at the bounty hunter and pinned him to the ground .	John knocked the bounty hunter out and made his escape .
Kay was losing patience with her dog 's disobedience .	She could n't control his aggressiveness and excessive barking .
He brings some friends in to help take care of them sometimes .	They find the mice to be cute and cuddly .
Kathy was driving her car on the highway .	A squirrel ran out in front of her car .
Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened !	Jane learned that squirrels are fast .
Lisa wanted to buy a pizza .	She took it home and looked in the box .
Brenda woke up from a heavy sleep .	The shadow on the wall and screeching sound sent chills through her .
I needed a new car and knew I would buy a Volkswagen .	I bought myself a diesel Volkswagen Golf .
Gavin said that Emily was a bad cook .	Emily was offended by this .
Suddenly , his son 's school called .	His son was sick .
At home , he cooked his wife a fancy dinner .	She was so surprised when she got home from work !
Unfortunately , they do n't have the money .	Ben decided he and his wife will do the renovations themselves .
The other kids refused Gavin 's offer and challenged them .	Gavin 's team won and defended their right to the court .
Upon using them , he realized that the headphones were low quality .	George felt ripped off and returned the headphones .
The kids wanted to do something special for Mother 's Day .	They knew Mama wanted a vacation .
However unfortunately the kids got tired .	As a result they stopped cooperating .
Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at the store .	Kevin called the store and agreed to pick them up later .
Every day as he went to work he thought about other things he could do	He knew that if he hated his job , that he would have a miserable life .
Kim was tired of her socks being wet in the winter .	She brought spare socks to her desk at work .
In her first class , she noticed her old high school classmate .	She was so happy , so sat next to her .
I asked him to do so and he agreed .	He apologized and I thanked him for doing so .
Jenny had never been ice skating before .	She had roller skated so she thought it would n't be too hard .
And he was instantly addicted .	Harry went back to the coffee shop three more times before going home .
Then she realized that she did n't have enough left .	For a moment she was not sure what to do .
She was turning 2 Years old !	Her mother baked Ana a chocolate birthday cake .
She decided to build a giant snowman .	Hannah spent 3 hours building the giant figure .
She gave the list to her mother , who was pleased to see it .	Then , Miley waited and dreamed of what she would get for Christmas .
She was very excited and wanted to pick a nice name .	Unfortunately Sue and her husband could n't agree on a name .
It was a Ford Taurus .	Her girlfriend said it was a lame car and she would n't ride in it .
Her bill ended up to be close to $ 50 .	She was satisfied .
This eagle represented America and was called Uncle Sam .	The eagle then attacked Donald .
She threw frisbee with him one day .	She threw it as hard as she could .
He began studying these videos , making changes along the way .	Dave lost forty-five pounds !
For a while she hid it well .	Yet one day her parents found out .
Leah rowed her boat every day .	She decided to enter a race to show off her rowing skill .
When he showed his cards , Jake started hitting him with a wooden slat .	Jake only stopped when his mom yelled at him .
Jim , Tom , and Sally decided to form a study group .	One day , they all went to Jim 's house .
He reached into his pocket and his had became covered in ink .	His pen had broken .
Smoke poured out of the volcano .	Lava also began to flow .
I reached for my cell phone to call triple A .	It was then I discovered I had left my cell phone at home .
Tammy had n't done the laundry in weeks .	She had run out of clean underwear .
Samantha had heard about a meteor shower that night .	She wanted to watch it with her boyfriend .
The vet informed Kay vina was pregnant .	Vina gave birth to 5 little kittens who looked like her .
She went to Paris .	There , she saw all of the most famous sites .
Gina and her friend Tami were discussing the new boy in their class .	The were jealous he had gotten a brand new desk .
I got soap and water and a sponge .	I scrubbed the dirt off of the tile .
They were in the basement after coming in a window .	With a Monopoly game in hand , they climbed the stairs .
My wife and I were trying to teach our two-year-old to walk .	He was able to stand but would n't move forward .
Bob could n't answer the phone while he was showering .	After his shower , he noticed it was a missed call for a job interview .
But as they grew into adults , they became friends .	Eventually Anna realized her big sister was her very best friend .
I then found out she had a roommate , or boyfriend as I call it .	I ended things and felt bad for even being involved .
She was convinced that she would never eat animal meat again .	Lacy threw out all the meat in her home .
So he told the waiter about it .	Mike was n't given a new burger and he left .
I walked into the forest .	After a couple of minutes , I forgot where my camp was located .
Becky 's volleyball coach told her to stop chewing while playing .	Even though she had been warned , Becky continued to chew .
He was on the highway .	He started looking at his radio .
Their mother told them to go to his office and surprise him .	Mom tried calling him just to make sure he was there .
Over time , I grew and improved .	By the time I was 15 Year 's old I could play Beethoven .
Dell was a musician from Seattle .	He had traveled the world playing his music .
She went to the store to buy decorations .	Ann bought a set of ornaments for her tree .
He gave me an exercise program .	I followed the program for three months .
Bob is excited when one of his coworkers sets him up on a blind date .	The coworker tells Bob that this girl is perfect for him .
Johnny quickly understood that everyone at the gym was there to help .	Ever since , Johnny has been the first to offer new people assistance .
Today , I thought I will be a little adventurous .	I went to my boss 's office .
They one day tricked him to come to a party .	Everyone there took turns stabbing him and threw away his body .
She needed to use the restroom badly .	Every nearby bathroom had a giant line of people .
I dream of going to Hawaii .	I would go to the fun lieus .
He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear .	His girlfriend loved it !
The kitten looked scared and Jane felt bad for it .	Jane reached down the pick up the kitten .
Ann took her dog for a walk .	Suddenly , her dog started to bark at a bush .
The team made lots of touchdowns during the game .	The players danced on the field when they scored a touchdown .
It fit tightly in the store a month ago .	One the night of the reunion it did n't want to zip up .
He got comfortable in his easy chair , and opened his book .	Suddenly the light bulb above him sizzled and shattered !
She hurried to brush her teeth as soon as she arrived home .	Ida vowed never to forget to brush again !
After eating , I wanted to exercise instead of logging our specimen .	We played on the jungle gym and put off our work .
The next morning she handed it in on time .	The boss was impressed by her level of commitment .
She hoped for a girl !	When it was time to learn the sex , she held her breath .
After a week of work , I decided to increase my hourly rate .	My parents fired me and decided to do the chores themselves .
They was so excited about getting 2 weeks vacation .	The big day came .
Rachael has a dog named Beau .	Beaux does not like to take baths .
He , twenty years her senior , met her in the park .	They walked for hours , enjoying each other 's company .
They set out their stockings and went to sleep .	Santa came down the chimney and left presents under the tree .
So , the city turned off my heating and electricity .	Alas , it was winter .
An employer calls him and schedules an interview .	Frank is nervous at the interview and forgets name .
Well , one of these girls asked if she could come over and meet us .	When she arrived , we realized it was my roommate 's sister !
Her husband , Tim , was skeptical .	She ended up burning everything .
Gina was in the 9th grade .	She had a class with a cool boy named Duane .
Tina was very said that her favorite dress was dirty .	However , Tina 's dad cleaned her dress in the laundry .
Everyone showed up except Tina .	Finally Tina showed up .
When it was all done , she saw that she had extra paint .	She decided to use it for a project .
A sudden gust of wind blew towards her .	In addition , several of her papers broke loose from her bag .
Yet when she got into the backyard , she saw it was very hot .	She was sweating .
He decided to post online asking for some help .	Suddenly , someone sent him a message .
On the day of the reunion , I put the location of the event in my GPS .	I then began to drive to the location .
He told her that she should practice every day .	Amy took his advice and practiced .
That Friday , she worked as hard as she could .	At the end of her shift , her manager praised her work .
On their to their car they played games for prizes .	It was such fun they decided to make it a tradition and go every year !
I was at work when I got the phone call about the World Trade Center .	I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others .
Within days he got an email about it .	It warned him not to do it again .
Beth ran and grabbed jars to catch them in .	The girls laughed as they ran and caught fireflies .
Jake went to the mall with his mom .	There were so many interesting things at the mall to look at !
The Jones family decided to take a road trip this year for Christmas .	Their first stop was in Georgia to see their uncle Frank .
Alex was at a house party .	Suddenly , the cops arrived .
John wanted to try a different cuisine .	He discussed it with his wife .
A man bought himself a rooster .	He thought of it like an alarm clock with no snooze button .
He was still scared of the dark and did n't want his dad to do it .	Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company .
He dad said to picture all the germs that went into her mouth .	Once she did that she never chewed her nails again .
She attended the party and was surprised they were serving liquor .	Jean 's boss got drunk and began hitting on her .
He also tried to skip another person in front of him .	The other person became mad and punched Ross .
After two months of being apart , I sent her a package .	It was a little stuffed hippo with a note attached .
He kept getting out of bed to have his father check it .	Finally , his father bought a lock for it .
The streaks were pale and patchy .	Tim realized he should 've let a professional streak his hair !
His nickname was Dr J and he starred in the ABA .	When the ABA folded , he ended up with the NBA 's Philadelphia Sixers .
We went against each other in Super Mario Brothers .	Afterwards , we decided to talk outside for a few minutes .
His students liked to tease Jackson .	He figured it was his shoes .
We were tied until the last hole .	Both of us had two shorts .
It took him hours to find one he liked .	He finally bought a new desk .
John always wanted to be a cop .	He did well during his training and was sure to get the job .
She decides she needs to abort .	She goes through with it .
Jake loved jumping everywhere .	He would jump between any gap .
It was time to clip them .	The tiny little dog yipped like he was being murdered .
One day , she needed a shower when no one was there to watch her baby .	She slid the baby carrier into the bathroom .
He had a girlfriend but always wanted to hang out with her .	Cindy started to have feelings for him .
Tim went with his mom .	His mom always said that his friend had a lovely house .
When he was looking online to buy a replacement he had an idea .	Instead of an incandescent bulb he 'd buy some LED ones !
She noticed fraudulent charges on it .	Jane 's bank put the money back in .
There was water dripping from his ceiling .	Sam looked up to find a leaking toilet .
In front of a store a lady told them she had seen a puppy like this .	She told them he was in the parking lot of the store .
Gina was in a gas station on the highway .	Her sister ran in crying after seeing a dead deer in a truck .
Rick grabbed hold of the leash and set off to find the owner .	In the end Rick found the grateful owner and all was well .
He invited his friend Alissa .	Alissa hated disney .
Timmy could n't play in the game because of his ankle .	John picked Cory to play in the game instead , and they won !
She got out her vacuum .	Next she sucked up that ladybug .
He walked through the store and struggled getting his items .	After checking out , Glen began the laborious long walk home .
Melissa tried to move across a bush .	She ran into a spider web .
She drove around the city looking for her lost pet .	Eventually , she found her lost dog and brought it home .
Then she saw a gorgeous turquoise necklace !	She bought it right away and took it to her mom .
Steven was a dog lover .	He was on his way to his girlfriend 's house one day .
He looked for a fan that could blow cool air into his room .	And he settled on a powerful industrial fan .
He said in about four days .	He said that he would bring me some shells from the beach .
She did n't find any , to her dismay .	Jude decided she should have a healthier snack anyway .
Jenny is packing for a camping trip with her friends .	While packing her toiletries , she receives a phone call .
Now he had to keep her from smashing the LL Cool J tape .	He walked to his room and put the tape in his pocket .
Bob immediately hiked out of the woods .	Bob went to the emergency room to get treated .
The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell .	He promised to get up on time for church from then on .
The bear scared my dog and I .	I yelled and my dog barked at the bear .
They loved spending time as a family on the boats and swimming .	Unfortunately their boat was vandalized one winter .
Chris had to cancel all of his plans for the weekend and stay inside .	Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time .
John was digging in his backyard when he found a huge bone .	He took it to a paleontologist who identified it as a dinosaur bone .
My son 's baseball team was playing for the town championship .	It was a tie game in the bottom of the last inning .
His mother asked her to bring cranberry sauce .	That morning , she followed a recipe she had found online .
The temperature got cold .	Leaves started to die .
Sarah could n't squeeze another hanger in her closet .	She decided it was a good time to get rid of a lot of things .
Jennifer was trying to get some lunch .	She went into the cafeteria and saw a huge line .
He always dreamed of building a treehouse .	One day his dad said they could build one .
One day he found a lump on his arm that did n't go away .	Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor .
On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park .	A few minutes after they were done playing , a pretty girl sat down .
Joey always wanted a puppy of his very own .	His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one .
One night , I decided to figure out who it was that played so well .	I sat out in front of my house , waiting for them to begin .
He already had everything she could think of .	But she knew he loved adventure and had always wanted to go skydiving .
One day they decided to start dating each other .	They had their ups and downs , but were generally happy .
Kate listened to loud music on her laptop .	Her roommate asked her to turn it down .
They were very competitive towards each other .	Becky won the first game , along with the 2nd and 3rd .
To her surprise , her friend Jenny invited her husband .	Alana was furious .
Kim we to the supermarket to buy paper towels .	She saw that he brand was at the top of the shelf .
A half hour passed and no Stacey .	Kelly then realized she was stood up .
There , his skin got much better .	He came back a new man .
Luckily , a passing stranger noticed her struggle and offered to help .	The two conversed and laughed as the person carried her luggage .
But she was nervous to try out , fearing rejection .	Then her mom encouraged her to give it a shot .
The colors were beautiful .	We always have fun on that holiday .
We left early on a sunday , flying out of Atlanta .	Once there , we quickly went to our apartment we had rented .
That night , his girlfriend drove him to their house .	Ben introduced himself to them , and they were kind and laid back .
Javier drove himself straight to the hospital .	When he arrived they had to operate , his appendix had ruptured .
Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it .	Her mother told her she could have it and use it .
Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am .	When a team member was late , everyone had to run extra .
She got her to perform , and it was great .	Only problem is she broke her foot on a landing .
Sue 's parrot kept her up all night .	Eventually it began to calm down .
She made it worth while to work hard .	My career has taken off thanks to my wife .
Darlene 's hated boyfriend was on his way over to the house .	Darlene needed to warn her boyfriend but he did not have a phone .
Luckily for the bird , it flew and landed safely .	The mother bird came to check on the bird .
Each day the farmer took Whitey 's egg from the nestbox .	Whitey was sad to always lose her eggs .
Gina sat outside and talked to him .	The dog stared at her face eagerly .
So , she decided to hire a professional organizer .	The organizer came over and spent the day fixing up the mess .
Her work was boring and not challenging enough .	Angela applied for many jobs .
Taylor wanted to have blond hair .	Her hair was dark so she had to bleach it first .
Since I did n't study for my math exam , I ditched the exam .	I went to the cafeteria instead .
I had never been interested in learning to speak Russian .	However , I took a Russian literature class in college .
Jill was celebrating her 6th birthday .	Her big brother put candles on her cake .
Jenna was at the aquarium .	She saw a booth where you could buy fish for sea lions .
When he got to Duke , they told him he was too small .	When he graduated from Duke , he was told he was n't good enough .
She always told Henry not to touch it .	One day , Henry was running and knocked the vase over .
One day his teacher helped him clean out all the papers in his desk .	Tavon had to stay in from recess to work on all the work he did n't do .
While waiting in line , she began feeling light headed .	Suddenly , she fainted in the store .
Alex was asked to paint a picture to put up in gallery .	She looked through books and magazines to find inspiration .
We lived in the city when we got married in 1981 .	One day a pigeon sat on an empty flower pot by our fire escape .
My friend called me 10 times and I missed all his calls .	I decided to call him right away .
The community college offers a lifeguard course for $ 100 .	George wants to be a lifeguard .
His father told him that there is not much money in that career .	Michael did n't care and persisted with his studies .
Jenny was finally getting a kitten .	They went to the pound .
Sam got a flat tire while going to work .	She did n't know how to change a flat tire .
Our belongings and food were blown away completely .	Therefore , everyone had to pack up and leave the place .
One day Jordan had a friend over so they could play video games .	Despite his friend asking , Jordan never let his friend have a turn .
Mark became a coach at a high school .	Mark gets to teach kids sports and games .
The little girl waked to the barn .	She struggled to open it 's door .
She was a very small girl .	One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake .
Paul was the head chef at a restaurant .	His cooks were n't making the recipes like they were supposed to be .
On the bus ride home Amy showed her older friend Sue her new watch .	Sue told her the watch was super cool .
He was bored and decided to get some food .	He went to a diner for a burger .
Evan copied her answers .	Evan got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating .
His mom said there is no school .	Billy played in the snow all day .
Chris put the nest into the tree quickly and walked away .	He saw the mother sitting in the nest a few minutes later .
He got out his favorite book and read for hours .	When he was done reading , the sun began to shine outside .
Sally did n't have any clean clothes to wear .	She had to do the laundry .
A road trip was the answer for this .	He went from school to school taking in the culture .
Gerald loved Ali and wanted to marry her .	He was hesitant to ask her .
I invited my girlfriend to dinner .	I used the money I got from the machine .
She was n't sure she liked the idea of eating raw fish .	Her friend Ann took her to a sushi restaurant .
My father is always trying to convince me to watch old movies .	He particularly pushes the Marx Brothers ' films .
Lisa hated having siblings that were twins .	She always felt like the attention was always on them .
Jasmine spent time talking to recruiters and reading pamphlets .	She is convinced she wants to work in the health field .
Yet on the contrary she found it was well worth it .	Tina could n't wait to return .
But a boy walked by and told Ashley he liked her outfit .	Brittany and Ashley have been enemies for three minutes .
One day he showed all his drawings to his mom .	She told him some were good and some were n't .
His dad finally said no more fries .	Eventually he ate other things .
We were sitting around the holidays at dinner .	We were eating a turkey meal .
One time she tickled too much .	And her friend laughed so hard .
His mom came running , his arm was broken .	Now David knows why he should n't jump on the bed .
When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing .	Sarah had put on way too much perfume .
We looked throughout for a book to rent .	My wife decided to pick a Steven King book .
Linda and Gina went to a craft show .	They have been going to the same show for six Year 's .
One day Tina told him all about time .	Jim never had trouble telling time again .
It was a terrible experience .	The doctors and nurses did not listen to her .
They then left the party .	Gerald was upset .
He decided to improvise the piece .	Everyone was amazed by his performance .
Peter grimaced as the wind pounded against him , again .	The target was in his sights , but he had to recalibrate .
At first she put her brother and uncle near each other .	Then , her sister warned her that the two had been fighting .
Two months later the stock doubled in price .	Sal sold his shares and collected his money .
Gina was carrying three gallons of water in a handbasket .	She had only intended to purchase one .
He got really good at ice skating over the long winter .	When spring came , his skills transferred over easily !
Nichole could really use that money to pay her rent which was late .	But Nicole went to the address on the license to return the wallet .
Lane finally met with one that seemed like a good fit .	Soon Lane was playing with the band and loving it .
Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot .	When the results came in she had seen that she won .
He tracked down the family that had lived there before him .	They were very happy when he gave them the medal back .
Since the supervisor was gone for the night Amy answered the question .	The coworker thanked Amy profusely for helping with a hard caller .
Closing her book , she got up and grabbed her bag and phone .	She called Michael to see if he could meet her for lunch .
Lucy got all her friends together for a pizza party .	She was super excited to make the pizza .
Brian has dreamed for many Years of going back graduate school .	He starts by studying for a standardized test .
Two weeks later , he got called to come for an interview .	During the interview , he was nervous and unsure .
She wanted a tan .	The sun did n't shine where she lived .
When it was quiet Amy 's dad went out to see the damage .	To their surprise the tornado had missed their block .
He gave his all to everyone .	When Papa Rios passed on , his family remained near .
When she finished , she sent the album to companies .	She was glad she 'd gotten studio time to record her album .
But his friend convinced him to study one day .	It felt like he made little progress .
Sensors went off and lights flashed .	He knew that there was something bad happening .
He then went to the local store , but it too was empty .	Just as he was about to give up , he remembered his friend had soda .
I decided it would be a good idea to start saving .	I drove over to my local Etrade office .
Instead , the protesters thought she was one of them .	They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name .
Two best friends decided to go camping .	They hiked way up on a hill and set up their tent .
The wind was high and hard on the highway .	Kim 's small compact car was being pushed about as she drove home .
The next day , Haley ran into Nancy .	She was trying when her boyfriend dumped her .
After eating all his food , he ordered crab .	They brought him the crab , but he did n't like the taste .
He had a big exam in biology coming up .	He had been studying for weeks .
The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed .	She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how scared she was .
Zack went on an African safari trip .	He was riding in a jeep in a field full of zebras .
He would jump out of his bedroom window .	Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment .
My wife noticed me using incognito mode online .	She asked what I was doing .
They had not prepared for this .	They were drenched by the time the balloon landed .
He found a soft blanket and curled up there .	The cat slept there for the next two hours .
He knew he needed a change .	He cleaned the entire apartment and felt much better afterwards .
He would spy on her from his window .	Once Liberty caught him peeking , and undressed for him to watch .
When you would get to one tree , you had to then swing to another .	It was something very unique and special .
She really wanted to be a nurse when she grew up .	Her brother fell off his bike .
A teammate passed Jimmy the ball .	He dribbled the ball toward the goal and made a shot !
She told him maybe and he carried the ball around with him .	When they went to check out , she agreed to buy the ball .
However , the phone was removed from her hand .	She began to cry loudly .
Jake 's mom gathered the baby wash , baby shampoo and a towel .	Jake 's mom filled the tub part way with warm water .
The bus from the airport to the city is very slow .	Finally , he arrives at his hotel .
A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg .	Mark was severely injured .
My cat just had 5 kittens !	I 'm naming them after spices .
Doug went to a football game in sub-zero weather .	When he saw a cute girl shivering , he loaned her his coat .
He thought his parents would be furious .	It turns out they happily welcomed him home .
Jason revises his writing into a book .	Jason sends the book to publishers .
She went to the doctor who scheduled a biopsy of the lump .	The test results from the biopsy were positive for lymphoma cancer .
Missy put the names in a hat and selected one at random .	The name she pulled out is what they named the family 's new pet .
I was n't sure how to approach the task .	My Dad suggested asking a nearby food bank if they need volunteers .
She jumped out of bed and got dressed .	Sally ran to the bus stop .
Jan asked staff if there were any other bananas available .	The employee said those were all the bananas they had .
She discussed the armed forces with the recruiter .	She was tempted to join but wanted to think it over .
His friend suggested they go to a new restaurant which just opened .	He took his date there only to find out they only took reservations .
I walked into my math class feeling confident .	During the class I was able to answer most of the teacher 's questions .
She joined a gym and began to exercise 3 days a week .	She also chose to stop eating junk and stick to a healthy diet .
It 's frustrating and a bit annoying .	But it 's worth the effort in the end .
His friend tells him to try using a language learning software .	Jackson tries the software but he wants more practice .
He put on the stove and fried eggs .	But Eric was irritated when their house became hotter .
The police pulled her from the car , and she was okay .	Sharon was thankful , and started checking the weather before driving .
Callie was entering a beauty pageant .	She hoped to win .
He loved the one on one time he spent with his son .	When Mel 's son got older , his son son moved away .
Sirene had been a famous silver screen actress .	She chose to become a teacher at the height of her fame .
Today his guitar string broke .	Mark decided to replace all of his strings .
One night there was a huge storm .	The next morning Thomas was checking out his yard .
Francis felt sick after eating the pie .	He began to regret eating the pie .
He built a new mantle with his extra money .	Kendrick now really appreciates his fireplace .
I decided to not go .	I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going .
The lady behind the counter declined initially .	Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps .
She would sulk and pout the whole day .	After 3 months she decided to make the best of a bad situation .
It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive .	He tried to go up a hill .
Her friend Lisa was coming to visit .	Gina , and her mom went to pick her up .
The Kujata have a beautiful cottage on a lake .	When the matriarch of the family passed away , chaos ensued .
He had a nightmare about the movie .	Jim never watched scary movies again .
Mike was on his last day working at a construction site .	The boss let him drive the bulldozer around for fun .
She hid it in her backpack .	She then showed all of her friends .
I bought a bottle of brandy .	Alas , I dropped it on the way home .
They were both mean !	They made jokes about others !
A boy named Jacob had never stayed up all night .	He tried everything from caffeine to exercise .
I bought an LP the other day .	I do not have a record player .
I hollered who 's there at the back door .	I did n't hear an answer .
I decided to buy new sketcher shoes at Academy .	Did n't think about it too much because shoes did n't mean much to me .
I left work early to be able to make it to the venue early .	When I arrived , I saw the band getting out of their tour bus .
Doug was very embarrassed when she changed his tire for him .	He watched closely so he could do it next time .
Mike wrote a popular book and became a famous author .	People began to ask for him to appear in interviews .
Gina was at her grandma 's house .	They had just gotten back from her grandpa 's funeral .
Martha was in her living room .	Suddenly there was a knock at the door .
I went to my backyard to ride on the swings .	After several minutes , a bee flew in my direction .
We went to NYC to visit our granddaughter last year .	Before we left we posed for a group photo .
She followed the procedure along with her classmates .	Then , they waited outside .
She did n't want her parents to know .	She pretended to be just sitting on the front porch .
He then realized there was no milk .	This was gon na be a bad day .
Tom went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle .	Tom eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed Sally .
Mary catches the bus before it leaves .	Mary arrives at the store thanks to the bus .
A man was in the market for a new car .	He drove to many dealerships .
Debra is from the United Kingdom .	She does not understand why Americans like snow cones .
This one time we were on a trip to see New Schwanstein .	But before we got there my brother started to burp twice .
One day , a businessman arrived with a special delivery for him .	It was something the gangster had wanted for a long time .
Howie drives to pick up the pizza .	Howie eats the pizza in his car .
Being a pizza delivery man , Harold knew everyone in town .	He never thought much about the people he worked for , until one day .
They had never been there before .	They traveled there by car .
She also bought all the ingredients .	She had never made fried chicken before .
She found a cooking tutorial online .	Shelly went to the store and bought all the needed ingredients .
They put themselves on a budget to get out of debt	It was the best thing they could have done .
The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire .	Amy thanked him and got back in her car .
The nightmares she had where about her or her family .	Most of her nightmares had ghost or monsters in them .
Tom never took it past talking .	He loved his girlfriend and did n't want to risk it .
Darren cooked pancakes for himself and his girlfriend .	When he looked in the pantry , he noticed there was no syrup left .
His blood pressure was very high .	Bob went out to eat and ordered a chicken sandwich .
They decided to play basketball .	They met at the park .
He decided to go to the ice-cream shop .	He put on his shoes and started walking .
Brian gave his axe to Sam .	Sam swung at a small tree and chopped it down .
And it looked so beautiful that he decided to keep it .	He liked it so much , that he brought it to school .
She had the copy made at her local grocery store .	She decided to carry both keys with her .
My nephew was visiting my house one day .	He said he was thirsty so I gave him some water .
Tim rushed out the door without breakfast .	He barely made it to class on time .
He asked her out one day .	When he dropped her off at home , he gave her a kiss .
She went to the marina with him .	They climbed into his boat .
When they arrived , the family was greeted by constant rain .	It rained so hard , the family had to go home .
His wife cooked dinner .	Tom was ate dinner and satiated his appetite .
Ben wore the colors of the Confederate Army .	In one battle , a cannon blew off his leg .
She thought it was because she was dressed differently than everyone .	During her first class , she met a cool kid named Maria .
I went to the boardwalk to play some games .	I found an antique claw machine .
But Lily wants to play with Becky down the street .	When Lilly 's mom asks if she has homework , she lies and says no !
Rob accused Billy of cheating him of a vintage card .	Billy got upset and decided to call the whole thing off .
As soon as his opponents were coming after him , he threw the ball .	It was moving towards the wide receiver .
He cautioned Dave that there was ice up ahead .	Dave took his advice and went home where he would be safe .
We made it an exclusive group .	We ended up doing this once a week .
Still , the number on her scale had n't budged .	Joan got off the scale , and saw the number stayed the same .
She felt sick and ran to the bathroom .	It occurred to her that she could be pregnant .
However , he realizes that watching sports might help him meet people .	Larry decides to attend a local soccer match .
The media reported on the new drone .	One person bought a drone and used it to spy on Craig .
He applied and received a call back .	Mark interviewed for the position .
Sara 's mom was about to have a baby .	Things were taking a while and Sara was getting anxious .
Rex was our family dog .	The entire family love playing with Rex .
She looked in a mirror to see if the it was bleeding .	There was no blood , but there was no skin on the wound .
Theo always wanted to be like his father .	Theo 's father was in the army .
She always wanted to be a nurse .	At the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college .
One day an editor called asking to buy all his short stories .	He finally got his shot .
He unwrapped the large box last .	Inside was a Wii U .
In 2nd grade he gave up hockey for basketball camp .	In 3rd grade he gave soccer a try .
Liz tried her best on the test .	Unfortunately , she failed !
She blamed her sisters .	She tried to screw it back in .
Gina drove past .	The street was closed , and she did n't want to risk it .
When I had found out I was pregnant , I was so thrilled .	Every doctor appointment and heartbeat was cherished .
He looked over his shoulder and saw a large crowd .	The large crowd was holding Peace posters .
James said that it was because of rust from the old iron pipes .	She wanted to see it for herself .
She sprayed them down with some sort of laundry booster .	Then put them in the wash .
The family sat down at the table to eat and began to talk politics .	Ben 's uncle became very angry at his wife 's brother over a disagreement .
What he really did though , was kill pigeons behind his stall .	He cooked them and defeathered them
Then she realized that it was broken .	She ran to the nearest Walmart .
Chuck and Andy had plans to see a movie together .	Andy bought both tickets online ahead of time to save time in line .
She quickly found a new job where she was treated better .	Kim is much happier now .
I used to work at a school	A traveling zoo came one day to show their animals .
Larry had never played golf before .	He played against a professional for his first game .
Steve wanted to fly planes .	He took a class on how to fly them .
He told his landlord that he 'll paint the house in exchange for rent .	Kyle went out to get paint and brushes at the hardware store .
Nick and Tom were best friends .	They decided to drive into the city to watch a band perform .
Jim ran for his life away from the pledges .	He 'd chosen not to join the fraternity .
She checked out all the books on Russia that the library had .	She also signed up for a class to learn Russian .
It was my turn and I rode the roller coaster .	The roller coaster ended up being disappointing and not scary at all .
The saw sprang to life in his hands as he cut out the piece .	He secured the piece into the hole using glue .
Kelly decided to take her favorite junk food items and redo them .	She wanted to make them healthier .
Then the dentist said he could not help her yet .	First she had to remove all her tongue rings .
By the time he got to the phone it stopped .	Dave cursed loudly and punched the phone .
Now she was in labor with her second .	Her doctor said she could attempt a vaginal delivery , and VBAC .
The snow fell for a little while , and then stopped .	A few hours later , it started snowing again .
Everyone at work bought tickets .	When the drawing was held , all the tickets were compared .
Jody and her mom went to Sunday Brunch .	Jody ordered pancakes .
He had an abiding fear of people .	He hated being stuck in small spaces with others .
One person got seasick , while the other did not .	We saw a lot of whales .
He explained that the squirrel would need them in winter .	JIm re-buried the acorns so the squirrel would n't starve .
Suddenly a swarm of jellyfish came and stung Patrick who got out !	The lifeguards put vinegar on it and Patrick had to stay out of water .
He was watching a movie when his headphones broke .	He begged his mom to stop for new ones .
During the summer he worked on his speed and also had a growth spurt .	He tried out again the next season and made the team .
One pulled up in between him and another person .	He asked the other guy if he could take it .
His mother said you need new shoes .	Ron knew his mom had no money he was sad .
No one told me there was broken glass in there .	The glass cut my leg .
She went to the gym and started lifting super heavyweights .	Tiffany threw her back out and had to wait to start working out again .
He prayed for snow , then shut his eyes and drifted off .	When he woke , there was a swirling blizzard outside - and no school !
The police officer was driving across the street .	He noticed a man , with a dark skin tone , carrying an expensive watch .
He decided to take a quick nap .	When he woke up , he found smoke coming from his room .
A great artist came to the town fair and set up shop .	A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the best .
One day he ran out of milk and could n't have them for dinner .	Tom decided that cheerios are not good with water .
First , he went home to change his clothes .	Next , he went to the mall .
He set his alarm for seven in the morning .	But then he woke up at noon !
The first two days I searched online for openings .	Next , I drafted a new resume .
They came across a party held by her friend 's church .	To participate in the games , you had to recite a scripture .
The instructor gave Lina an arrow .	He told her to take the first shot and she did .
One of best beaches I love going to is on Martha 's Vineyard .	Martha 's Vineyard has some of the most beautiful beaches .
She passed the Smith house and said hello the their dog .	She loved their dog Jake very much .
Mike cleaned up the mess .	By the time the floor was clean , the pan was ready .
She asked her boyfriend matt to go out to get some .	He got into his car .
I took it with me into the bathroom and it fell on the tile .	The phone ended up smashing and it was unfortunate .
His girlfriend said Steve was looking at her .	Chris tried to start a fight but Steve said let 's race .
I added dirt and seeds to the window box .	I watered the seeds .
The test cubes ended up on the ground .	The teacher told everyone to move away from the puddle .
They dug a channel for a moat around their building .	Then they used buckets to fill the moat with water .
Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head .	I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache .
Vicki visited a very tall building to study the upper levels .	Vicki designed an exceptionally safe skyscraper .
She was having a really hard time but she pushed herself .	She managed to pass and she got to be a lifeguard .
Harry always joked with his wife about her easy yoga practices .	He assumed all they did was stretch slowly for 90 minutes .
He was unable to get back up .	It turned out to be badly broken .
So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends .	But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun .
Myron had wanted a new hairstyle for months .	One day his barber recommended he try hair gel .
She could afford to take a break .	So she watched her favorite movie .
Mike noticed that something smelt bad so he left to the bathroom .	When he got away from Molly , he noticed it did n't stink .
When the day of her trip arrived , a hurricane blew through .	The beach was wrecked and strewn with debris .
It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there .	I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes , and nothing .
They arrived at the mountain to see the beginners hill had closed .	There was no way they were going to leave without skiing .
I 've been at third base for the past two weeks .	Getting to field means i get to bat , which is a nice change .
Her friends joined .	They got the sticks and stones together .
He ended up finding another candidates confidential info .	The team member got caught doing it .
She did n't request anything weird like peanut butter and pickles .	Instead , she wanted a plain , ordinary cheeseburger and fries !
She decided to take the cat in .	When she took the cat inside , she gave him some tuna .
Jill lies to her new date and tells him that she is a great cook .	It turns out that he is a chef .
Then he went to a bar to share his song so far .	The people there loved his song so far .
Ed the waiter took an order from a table .	One man asked for french fries that were extra crispy .
Wayne got cut from the basketball team his junior year .	The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller .
Tim was tired of being bullied at school .	He called out his biggest bully to a fight .
He finally talked to a professional .	Now he is able to work out his problems .
The factory jack is useless .	He has to call a tow company to change the tire .
Roger left the other car behind but he crashed in his excitement .	Roger learned his lesson and never raced again .
Simon went shopping for the freshest ingredients he could find .	After selecting them , he put them into a large pot .
he got on the bus	He arrived on time
So he took a beginning drawing class at his local college .	The first day , the class spent hours drawing primitive shapes .
Her teacher called her aside and said he wanted Irene to sing a solo .	Irene was thrilled but nervous , and she practiced for days .
Betty needed to make her weekly shopping list .	She got her paper and pen ready and sat at the kitchen table .
He needed to make some money fast .	He decided to sell his gold ring .
He asked her what was wrong and she was unhappy as well .	They both went their separate ways .
He looked everywhere .	It turns out he left them in the car .
Will was driving to his college .	But someone behind him kept honking .
We put out ant traps but a few came back .	They are finally gone , although we do not know the reason .
Johnny loved his Mom and Dad dearly .	He often did his chores and other shores without being told .
She was so good at it she became team captain .	Her team loved her as captain .
Jane looked at herself one last time before she left her apartment .	She got a taxi outside and arrived at the bar .
One day he was in a road trip .	He was passing by a farm .
Roger opened the door .	There was no one there .
Joe was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase .	He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his .
He found a bunch of bad jobs that paid almost nothing .	Then he found one that paid pretty good to write short stories .
Now , he had to let people know how corrupt the media is .	So he wrote a tell all book on the media .
One day , a man named jed was feeling lonely .	He decided it would be a good time to take a walk .
As the wedding started , a storm came out of nowhere .	Thunder , lightning , and rain forced everyone into their cars .
Joe was on the beach with some friends .	Down the beach the sea oats were on fire .
My house had a fruit fly problem that I did n't know how to so .	No matter what steps I took to eliminate them , they always came back .
She decided to help out at a homeless shelter in the city .	As soon as she got there she felt emotional .
I refilled the food bowl and the cat ate .	I sat down and the cat behaved normally again .
Henry 's teacher loved to teach .	Henry knew he had a great teacher and told his mother .
Finally he flies to Utah .	He loves the friendly people he meets there .
Jessica and her boyfriend went to the theater to watch a movie .	There were many choices .
Her friend told her it would be such a waste to just waste her hair .	Linda compared companies that turn hair into wigs for patients .
My son in law facetimed my wife today .	It was her birthday .
I was called by my Spanish teacher .	She gave me the Most Improved award for Spanish .
Her mom packs her a lunch for the day .	Sara runs out the school bus to go to school .
Gina was not very good after all .	But Gina tried her best in spite of this .
Jeff loves caffeine , he drinks it all day .	Sometimes it 's in the form of coffee or energy drinks .
I went to the store to get him .	Security did not press charges but banned him from the store .
She decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday .	When everything arrived , she opened her gifts .
The coffee spilled all over the keyboard !	Rachel had to replace the keyboard with her own money .
I got into my car and went on the road .	I stopped at a blockbuster video store .
He picked 10 lemons and brought them inside .	He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher .
A year to the day later they married again .	Their divorce lawyers were their best man and maid of honor .
Her husband rushed her to the hospital .	She gave birth to a healthy baby girl .
One day , scientists discovered a baby gorilla .	It was an orphan and all alone .
Jane was using her sister 's TV to try out a new yoga DVD .	She was doing her stretches in the floor beside the bed .
Lulu was very overwhelmed this last week .	Her housekeeper Rosie had been on vacation .
Her parents assured her it would be okay .	Kelly then went to speak to someone about her issues .
She figured the snake was dead , so she placed it outside .	When Emily looked out later , the snake was gone .
One day , his dog knocked his laptop out of his lap .	The laptop fell to the ground .
Jen has a ten page paper due tomorrow .	She has not even started .
After some thought , I agreed it needed to be done .	I left the house early on a Saturday morning .
When the stylist showed her the cut she was horrified .	The haircut was nothing like the image , Sally cried .
She was nervous about what to do after graduation .	She wanted to go to college .
Sometimes he would be too scared to sleep alone .	After one nightmare , he decided to climb into his parent 's bed .
Even though he was old , he still rock climbed .	He decided to go with his grandkids .
Ethan checked out a book from the library .	He started to read it but then quickly forgot about it .
He finds a show in Vegas and enters .	Chad invites his friends to come watch him in the show .
The two of them were very excited .	However to their dismay , their enemy Tina arrived .
Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work .	She cuddled with him on the couch while he recovered .
One day her teacher said everyone who did homework would get candy .	She went home and made sure she did her best job on it .
However , he accidentally threw a red dress shirt in the washer .	When the clothes were done , he straightened the clothes .
But his parents were n't home .	Ron decided driving would be easy enough .
John smiled and gave her the money for her lunch .	Sarah thanked him profusely and they enjoyed their lunch together !
He really wanted to get his black belt .	He practiced his moves everyday .
As I was cleaning , the buns caught in fire !	I put out the fire and vowed never to make hot buns again .
She had not received a raise for the past fourteen months .	Julia decided to meet with her supervisor .
It was the perfect size .	The took it the their car and tied it down .
He knew that he had done well in his life .	When he found out that he had cancer he knew that he would die .
He texted his wife telling her that he had to work .	Jerry was barely awake by the time he got home .
To his surprise , the iphone did not turn on .	Jim sent it back to Apple because it had a defective battery .
Natalie was sitting at lunch with her friends .	Suddenly her stomach began to hurt .
Ronald was a bit nervous because his dog has run off once .	He kept an eye on him most of the time .
Greg was on webcam .	Suddenly he sees a fire in his room .
She suddenly got pulled over by a police officer .	The police officer said that she was going 10 miles over the limit .
Henry was driving to his reunion party .	He put the address of the place into his GPS .
Tom thought he was an amazing chess player .	He always beat everyone he played .
He had saved up for months for this event .	He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed .
Just then , they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed .	Mark got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight !
One day his coworkers take him to a local Indian restaurant to try it .	Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious .
Abel was a very sweet and quiet boy .	He was very serious and always told the truth .
Once he has learned , he practices making beans at his own home .	Jorge is proud he has finally learned his father 's recipe for beans .
Anita did n't know her real father , but her step father was around .	Her step father liked his kids more , and proved it when he beat Anita .
All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute .	James finally picked a black and white puppy .
Tom had a bad tooth ache .	He screamed at night because of the pain .
Fred and his sister met up with the man and got Wags back .	Wags was happy to be back in his bed that night beside Fred .
Suddenly , a waiter appeared and offered a sample of alligator .	Carrie decided to give it a try even though she was grossed out .
He was walking funny since he felt tired .	In a few seconds , he passed on the sidewalk .
David shouted at his friend .	The friend was frightened .
The men could not agree whether to call it a draw .	They parted angrily , and never spoke again .
Until they scored 8 points in 40 seconds .	People were on the edge of their seats .
We went to a tree farm and took a hayride out behind the fields .	We searched through the trees to find the perfect one .
His brother also wanted the room , and a fight broke out .	Their mom appeared and decided to give the room to their sister .
He walked into the store and asked if he could buy it .	The shop owner said it was not for sale .
She hesitated to send the email but finally relented .	She missed him too and she wanted him back .
Carl had been looking forward to his 2nd grade science fair .	He thought for a long time about what kind of project to do .
She saved the money that she made over summer .	Tara was able to buy her textbooks with the money that she made .
I prefer songs that have unconventional vocals .	My cousin introduced me to the music of Janis Joplin .
He had too many TV shows to catch up on on Netflix .	All week , he watched these videos instead of studying .
Franklin was caught one day and arrested .	He spent over a year in jail for his crime .
The performance was in a theater in Boston .	She enjoyed the performance very much .
Yesterday Kelly went out to eat .	She decided to go to her favorite restaurant .
His sister told him to try the dollar store .	They had everything he needed !
The old man looked at a map and picked a destination .	The old man went on vacation to his destination .
Every student in the class failed except her .	The next day the teacher wrote the grades on the board .
I sit and think aloud .	I will be happy tomorrow .
He fell asleep and started snoring loudly .	Dan 's teacher slammed books on his desk and Dan jumped up .
So Dad gives him a blanket and tells him that it 's a magic blanket .	Sam believes that he is protected by the blanket and he sleeps well .
Classical music labels started issuing their own records .	Often the music was not recognizable as Christmas music .
I could n't leave my own house .	My sister convinced me to see a doctor .
In 2003 the Red Sox choke in the playoffs to the Yankees .	In 2004 they meet the Yankees again in the playoffs .
Sheila 's sister wanted to name the baby for her .	Her sister said she would make her a pie if she let her pick the name .
Beth and May had to break up a fight between them .	Beth tried to find out why the girls were fighting .
Webster wanted to find himself a part-time job .	His primary job as a web developer did not pay very well .
When they arrived , it was very cold inside .	They turned on the heaters but that was n't helping much .
Then when Rick turned 40 , his dad bought him a special birthday gift .	It was a pair of tickets to a local wrestling match .
When I opened the cookies ' package , I dropped the food everywhere .	I picked the cookies up , put them on my plate , and ate them anyway .
On the next pitch , Billy connected and hit a homerun !	His team won and they all cheered for Billy !
Lucy and Gina were at the pool .	Lucy was n't a very strong swimmer .
Today I decided to put new cabinets in my kitchen .	I tore out all of the old cabinets without a problem .
She felt something on her foot .	When she looked down she saw a huge spider .
He decided to sign up for painting classes .	Ben quickly found out he was a natural .
Joan bout some bread and water for the man .	The man thanked Joan and ate what she gave .
She took the cat to her home to take care of it .	The cat gave birth to 3 healthy kittens at her house .
Suddenly , he awoke to a cry .	He looked on the ground and saw that the baby had fallen .
He insert his debit card .	The machine would not dispense his money .
Two of his friends helped with the preparations .	On the day of the barbecue everything was going well until it rained .
I think the Chinese view turtles as symbols of prosperity .	Our granddaughter always pets the turtle when she sees it .
Her blood pressure was too high .	Her baby needed to be born early .
All his constituents thinks he 's the best politician ever .	Daryl never votes on anything they disagree with .
He admired the guys with huge muscles beating each other up .	In high school , Tom began working out , using steroids .
For the next decade and a half , the two were inseparable .	Jake got very sick and Jason had to put him down .
He was screaming .	He wanted more french fries .
He looked around and saw that no one had seen .	Quickly , he fled from the seen .
He suffered through a lot writer 's block .	He tried so hard to write a book and persisted for many years .
She guessed that her friend Claire was the culprit but was not sure .	To this day , none of her friends have taken credit for this .
John went on a camping trip with his brother Mark .	They found a good spot for camp deep in the woods .
He often won a lot of bets at that track .	One day a big storm blew over the stables and destroyed the stands .
Keesha and her family lived in Kansas .	It was a quiet evening when the weather alert began to go off .
Jim had a week off from work .	He decided to go on a short vacation .
Ana decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store .	She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart .
She ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived .	Grace got nervous when Joe still had n't shown after fifteen minutes .
He sold lots of hats all day .	However , he soon ran out .
Her work caused a panic when her manager thought they lost a lot .	Jen did n't want to say that she faked her numbers so she went with it .
The next day , he purposely tripped Henry while he was walking .	He also called Henry ugly since his face landed on the ground .
The doctor checked Jim 's temperature and his throat .	The doctor prescribed Jim some medicine and told him to rest .
Kim and Beth had tickets for a tour at NBC studios .	They could see the studio from down the street .
She managed to kick him on his but .	He ended up tumbling on the ground .
On the ground there was a $ 5 bill .	I pretended to tie my shoes so I could grab it .
All of the sudden , a bird decided to perch on his shoulder .	Bob was excited and took a picture with the bird .
Kat was fifty pounds overweight .	She was very unhappy with how she looked and felt .
He got up and began to play .	The people loved his music and he felt very happy .
He would squeeze , look and evaluate .	Finally he bit into his choice and had a terrible surprise .
Ruthie decided to try a new spaghetti sauce .	She cooked the meat .
James worked very hard and made eight dollars .	He went out to play and when he came back there was only six dollars .
Marcy called her boyfriend and thanked him .	Her boyfriend said he never bought her a pizza .
He practiced every day as hard as he could , year after year .	His basketball team went on to winning the nationals .
One of them was where the headquarters of the company was located .	Surprised , the co-workers told him that this was the headquarters !
My friend and I decided to go to school to review for a test .	Before we started , she wanted to get a drink from the vending machine .
I wanted to make scrambled eggs for breakfast .	My girlfriend ate the last eggs we had .
Bryan only had one hundred dollars in his checking account .	He had two bills to pay and it was three days before he got paid .
Although he refused to eat it , his mom threatened him to eat it .	After taking his first bite , Ben threw up .
Yolanda quickly ran away from Cassandra .	Cassandra chased after Yolanda across an open field of grass .
We were all super excited for her .	She had a dress code that she had to stick to .
When Alex 's parents go away for the weekend they put him in charge .	Alex sees a great opportunity with a convention in town .
She was watching cable at her Uncle Frank 's house .	There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before .
One day while biking she spotted a fox .	Lindsay stopped in her tracks .
She was n't speeding and was confused .	The cop arrested her .
All week the restaurant featured many onion specials .	By the end of the week there were few onions left .
Amber always thought she was the best tennis player on her team .	One day , a new girl joined the team .
Her friend Tami joined in the chase .	The two girls were no match for the thin tall boy .
I was raking the leaves in my front lawn with an old rake .	The rake cracked in the middle as I was using it .
My friends and I went to the A & P grocery store during a big sale .	The store is closing , so we bought a lot of food for not a lot of cash .
He saw a local ice cream shop and decided to walk in .	Jared walked into the line and waited to order .
Milly was shocked by how long the needles were .	The practitioner asked for a volunteer to have a needle inserted .
I thought she had a great demeanor .	We took her home that day .
He tried it out for the first time .	He ended up with 10 fish by the end of the day .
He trained real hard for six months .	He also ate extremely well and got plenty of sleep .
We managed to squeeze in dessert even though we were both full !	Then , we headed home after dinner to relax on the couch .
My mom wanted me to buy food for the house .	Since I was saving my money , I asked my sister if she can buy it .
I purchased a gym membership .	I bought new workout clothes to look good while exercising .
One day they told me there were skeletons in the trees to scare me .	Since I was little , they did not want me around .
Within seconds I was covered in pollen .	I ran back in sneezing like a crazy person .
My lover came back with the same old same old stuff .	I divorced him and never looked back .
The time had come for our family to get a new dog .	They were all different shapes and sizes .
Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking .	She succeeded and now Jen 's not worried about her mom getting cancer .
Joey prayed for snow so school would close for the day .	He was ecstatic when the weatherman said a blizzard was coming .
But his dad said everyone had to pitch in .	After a couple hours , they were done .
He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present .	He went into the other room and had me close my eyes .
At 7 AM she turned on the TV in her room .	There was only news and cartoons on the 4 channels she had .
She came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside .	Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled .
James just put a piece of fish in his oven .	But one of his friends asked him to play an online game .
Amanda needed to decide if she should get a new or used car .	Amanda did a price comparison for a new car and used car .
My friends invited me to go to the beach .	I told them I needed a ride since I have no car .
Byron eventually mastered these instruments .	Finally , Byron was a musician !
She left her room to see her family eating breakfast .	She bypassed breakfast , and grabbed a huge chunk of cake .
The other man looked exactly like Tom !	Tom was scared , but the other man saw him too .
Smokey took the car , packed her apartment , loaded it up and left .	No one has heard from her since .
I forgot to rsvp .	A lot of other people also forgot to rsvp .
Neil had hiked the whole Camino in Spain .	He had just arrived in Santiago de Compostela .
She led me out to the car and said we were going for a ride .	About ten minutes later , we pulled into a Christmas tree lot .
Jay loved apple pie , especially homemade from his grandma .	But his grandma could n't afford apples often , so he rarely got pie .
She went to classes on extroversion and sociability .	She learned how to make friends and act outgoing .
Ted was shy around girls .	He wanted to find a date to his prom .
The handle fell out and stranded her in the room .	Nothing in the room fit in the handle slot .
There was an old man selling a set of fruits .	No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows .
All of a sudden a man began running towards the tracks .	He jumped in front of the train , but the train slowed down .
She wanted to sell them but nobody wanted plain vegetables .	She decided to try and sell coleslaw to her neighbors .
They offered to extend the due date a few weeks .	Mark was so grateful and he thanked them .
Elizabeth has a big exam tomorrow morning .	When she wakes up , she realizes she forgot to set her alarm !
Mark planned a trip to Ireland with his girlfriend .	When he got there , he proposed to his girlfriend .
Freda brings her laundry to the laundromat to clean .	When it is all clean , she folds it and puts it away .
The next morning , he saw sign for a lost cat , including a reward .	Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night .
She spent all day trying to find it .	She found it in the recycling bin at last .
His parents made him go to summer school .	Billy was not happy about this .
He put on a tee-shirt and slung the backpack over his shoulder .	Outside in the heat of the morning Larry began to regret his decision .
I was walking .	Suddenly , my shoe sole broke .
The bike flipped and she fell on the ground .	Her mom rushed out to check on her .
The wind cause Jarred to lose his balance !	Jake was the champion of the balance beam !
Her mom pulled at Nell 's arm , embarrassed .	Then she saw Nell was pointing at the family 's fancy poodle .
She asked me to pick her up and take her to the doctor 's office .	I 'm not sure who she thought she had called .
Josh loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis .	His friend Ben was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey .
But he chickened out and never gave it to her .	He still longs for her from afar .
They found one very strange key that they finally fit to a safe .	Inside the safe was thousands of dollars worth of gold .
She knew she needed to prove it was a good idea to keep the dog .	So she told her mother all the good things she could come up with .
One day he was riding a monster wave .	He fell off the board and got knocked out .
There was a fire a Kay 's house and she lost all her toys .	Her mother told her she would buy her new ones .
We toasted the daughter as she danced in a fancy white dress .	It was first and only appearance at a quinceanera .
He got a lawyer and took Stevie to court for copyright infringement .	The court hired musicologists to compare the notes .
Michelle was climbing out of the car .	Suddenly , her toe caught on the car mat .
Instead I was offered a promotion and a raise .	I 'm looking forward to my new work responsibilities .
So she took the keyboard outside .	And she sprayed air at it with a compressed air canister .
We walked around the unique shaped building .	Each level of it had unique artifacts and exhibits .
I filled up the bird feeder in the yard .	Many birds flew toward it to get some seeds .
He would sell his baskets in a local town .	One day a group of tourists came through the town .
Eliza was on vacation with cousins to Disney in Orlando .	At first she was excited .
Sue went to visit her grandma in a nursing home .	The old woman no longer recognized Sue .
Carlos pulled up to his cousin 's house and parked at the curb .	He got out his car and walked to the front door .
It was also Marks birthday , so he went out with friends .	He just turned 16 , but they celebrated Marks 4th birthday .
Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people .	Then , Chaz asked the guests to leave for a bit .
Gina considered apologizing to end the feud .	But she had n't been the one to start it .
They went to an ocean on long island .	Jimmy 's father taught him how to fish .
I managed to beat some good players but lost to others .	I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health .
Her frightened mother screamed .	She hollered and yelled at Gina for bringing a dog into the house .
Below the house there was an old tree with a very old swing .	The swing creaked when Laura pushed it , and she was afraid .
Jill resents that her friend got the promotion and not Jill .	She does n't talk to her friend for two months .
It was already Christmas Eve and it was too late to mail them .	I said we could throw the lists outside and the wind would mail them .
It has been very expensive and time consuming .	I needed sponsors to finish the project .
He fights Sunday morning traffic to get to the store .	At the grocery store he buys fruit , vegetables , and meat .
She asked her mother for money to buy some .	Her mother thought it was too expensive .
I work at a radio station .	Every few days , a man calls the station , speaks quickly , and hangs up .
At the end of the show , he saw the lead guitarist .	Bob asked for an autograph .
And , the electrical wires began shorting out .	Marcus was upset that he bought this home .
Our grade school made us sell chocolate bars .	We would go around selling them to neighbors .
Lauren has just moved into a new home .	Her living room is completely empty .
Tia wanted to make a dress .	She bought patterns and fabric .
She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs .	I can not wait to take her back to the dog park .
Jason was on a date at a restaurant .	They were told that there was a short wait .
Bryan was trying to do his homework , but his dogs were barking .	His dogs were hungry and they had no food .
He walked to the pantry to get some cereal .	He heard a big thump .
But gradually , she started to write longer and more detailed entries .	Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend !
Her friends did too .	It got them in a lot of trouble .
Gina went to the stereo and took the tape out .	The tape was wound around the gears of the tape deck .
Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly .	But she was n't married , and she did n't plan to ever marry .
On Eric 's 7th birthday he thought he was all grown up .	It was time for him to have morning coffee too .
He told me to take zinc supplements .	I took zinc supplements for three months but they had no effect .
Susan went for a morning job .	She began to job down her favorite bike trail .
At first she finds the habit tedious .	But eventually she enjoys having more water .
She kept getting more brown .	Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality .
Taylor was very stressed out about her finals .	She studied for two solid weeks trying to prepare .
David always thought that he could eat anything .	However , on his trip to India , he found that some food made him ill .
They filled their bags with the rocks .	Their bags were so full that they could n't make it down the mountain .
She posted a picture of her attractive friend to improve her odds .	This friend was suspicious to hear that Shirley was getting replies .
John wanted to go wilderness camping .	He packed a sleeping bag and some food in his car .
But then her aunt called and said the little boy was sick .	Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all .
Bill was happy that John asked him out and so he agreed .	Bill and John went on their first date and it was fantastic .
Lucy was nervous about the Prom because she did n't have a date .	She really wanted to go with Brian so she decided she would ask him .
Their server spilled a drink on the couple 's table .	Pat 's food came out undercooked .
She did n't have any room to make her project .	Amanda decided not to buy so much fabric in the future .
I quickly put on my coat and shoes and ran out the door .	I got outside and saw the bus had just driven away .
Loni is a great man who is always there for me .	He has never turned me away when I needed help .
Amy was partners in class with her crush Ray .	As the teacher gave instructions Amy and Ray talked to each other .
And now the coffee she had before class was making her jittery .	Her hands were shaking , and she was sweating slightly .
My son and I were out hiking .	We came across an old , rusty bear trap .
I always wondered why I loved wearing wigs .	It always felt natural .
Carol loved to bake cakes .	She often gave cakes away to friends .
Last night I was going to watch top chef .	I had the television ready .
They told their husbands bye and went to the spa .	While there , they had champagne .
Today is Jack 's birthday !	Jack 's mom planned to make chocolate cake , his favorite !
Suddenly the tip of his pencil broke off !	He raised his hand and told the monitor what had happened .
Ashley was on a train headed to Chicago .	Everything was going fine .
She bought some Daiya brand pizza .	Going back home , it started to rainy .
He called his dentist immediately for an appointment .	With his dentist 's recommendation , he took some ibuprofen .
The sound got closer .	It also got louder .
Ryan tried to look for it everywhere .	Ryan asked Heather did she take it and Heather denied taking it .
But a week before the show , Tina got laryngitis .	She sadly had to resign from the Christmas concert .
In sixth grade I hit puberty .	It was like it happened over night .
Neil 's guide helped him book a camel trip .	Neil was thrilled by his camel ride through the desert !
Bob decided to get a second job to save up the money .	After a few months , he had enough money .
The teacher told the class to start their persuasive Essay .	Diana was able to write an outline for her essay after 10 minutes .
He decided on a way to keep his mind off his loneliness .	He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World .
I 've set a goal to lose thirty pounds by the end of June .	Running has always been a great way for me to get in shape .
Bob went to the hardware store for more tile but they had none .	Bob bought different tiles and hoped that no one would notice .
Then , a park guard yelled at him .	He got a warning for littering in the park .
Then we put it all in the big glass mixing bowl and stir it up .	Mixing pancakes is hard work but Grandma makes it fun .
They all wished they had not gotten him .	They gave him to the pound .
It began to walk towards me .	I took off my jacket and started yelling .
Neil wanted to see the mountains of Asia .	He left India , where he had been journeying , and went to Nepal .
She remembered that she had n't seen her best friend in a long time .	She called her up .
The ended up with a very complex handshake .	It was hard for the friends to remember .
Although he is not seeing any results with his body .	He read online that he needs to eat double the calories then he was .
Bill was not having much success in life .	He decided to review his life 's actions objectively .
My sister-in-law Martha has to mind her daughter 's cat .	Her daughter 's place is being sprayed for roaches .
I always wanted a pet .	I finally decided to get one .
I was practicing Korean during the afternoon .	However , I became frustrated since it was hard to comprehend it .
After they were graded , my sociology professor told us our grades .	I had been so afraid I had gotten an F .
But it had its own unique culture and history .	Neil was glad he had made time to see Qatar .
Jose started to panic .	Then he realized it was just the phone battery had died .
He got it in the mail 2 days later .	He waited for a windy day to fly his kite .
The repairman arrived and changed the tire .	Amy happily thanked the repair man , and drove to work .
Roy was a pilot for a major airline .	Roy became violently ill before a cross-country flight .
She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil .	Gina took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle .
Dana was a quick learner .	They were riding around together within minutes .
But he resolved to save every penny of it !	After two months , Liam had enough money to buy the game .
I also did sit ups .	After a month I had a huge six pack stomach .
One day a girl named Wendy stood up for him .	Ten Years later Kevin and Wendy got married .
Allison and Jesse were fighting .	No matter how hard either of them tried , they could n't agree .
When there was silence , he very calmly informed them it was n't true .	He said it was important they not tell people he was unemployed .
The old man thanked Sally for a nice visit and they parted ways .	Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away .
They shrugged and acquiesced .	Ike had a great time playing basketball with them !
Brad was stranded on his boat in the middle of the lake .	He had to wait hours until a passing boater saw his distress .
He was already down four games .	Will challenged him to a final game .
A man tried many methods to improve his college exam scores .	He found one method that seemed to be the best .
In a tie basketball game , Nate knew he needed to win it .	He dashed up the court , calling for the basketball .
His girlfriend was n't a big fan at first .	Eventually , he taught her how to do it .
She decided to go on a girls trip with her sisters to celebrate .	However on the trip there was tension .
I started my first campfire the other night .	First I gathered wood and kindling .
My boyfriend asked me to go with him to the prom .	I bought a dress and high heels .
Penelope was getting married .	She was out shopping for a dress .
He would always play , but I was never included .	He told me once I got better that I could play with him .
The requester rejected his survey .	Jesse did n't get paid .
The screw tore a hole in my tent .	I tried to repair the tent but it was not fixing the problem .
Elizabeth fell in a hole .	The hole was full of bees .
Tim thought he saw a ghost the first night in his new apartment .	It was the middle of the night and he was watching tv .
Her sister took her to a popular restaurant for dinner .	In the corner there was a famous couple having an argument .
She watched documentaries about desert plants and animals .	She visited a horticultural dome themed after the desert .
He uses it to take scenic photos .	Once he posted a FB photo close to the airport .
To him a scrape needed stitches and a bruise was a break .	Every day he would run inside to tell his mom to call the ambulance .
I had been wanting a new laptop for a while .	I finally decided to buy myself one online .
She was very grateful for a safe place to stay .	The Trump family were adamant the girl have a special blanket .
The man laughed as he destroyed the targets .	When he was out of targets he shut off the hose .
So I told the stylist that she should cut more off than usual .	I began to panic when I thought my hair was getting too short .
Tom 's friends asked him to smoke .	Tom had learned to say no to drugs .
The Probiotic was crucial and kept the digestion on track .	One day there was none at her local stores or online .
Last night , my son interrupted me while telling him his bedtime story .	He asked me if I could snuggle with him until he fell asleep .
Lynn was on a high because she did n't get caught .	Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her .
He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room .	She did like broccoli .
Joe is in the Army .	He is shipped overseas for 1 year .
We waited to make sure the weather would hold out .	It has been a mild spring so they were able to still dig .
I am painting a house with my wife .	My wife tends to be messy .
Chris always loved to paint .	Her school was having a carnival .
She decided to try one .	She answered all of the questions .
Their escape had been entirely too easy .	Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it .
Regardless , he decided to try driving down a busy highway .	The trailer collapsed from the weight of snow .
He ate them for every meal , every day .	He forced his subjects to eat peanut butter sandwiches all the time .
A cop saw him and called a swat team .	The cop thought Hank was a bear .
Jason went to the store and bought ingredients .	He went home and cooked the meal as best as he could .
Jeff brought his kids to the beach one morning .	They played in the water , despite dark clouds approaching .
In a panic I called 911 and rushed to the the hospital .	In the hospital I was told that I severed my spinal cord .
Thad always loved going places with his dad , especially the river .	They would go fishing and sometimes swimming .
My son then transformed into Captain Jake .	It is amazing how creative they can be when dressing up .
Instead of hitting the ball , he smacked my head .	I felt dizzy and started to run away .
My friend Sam is very competitive .	We started playing online chess after years of not playing .
Amy was a hardworking student .	She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor .
Barbara looked preoccupied and sad at work .	Her husband told her he was laid off from his job .
she is nervous about it .	Missy wins the game .
She buys a treadmill for her home .	Amber uses the treadmill every day for 4 weeks .
My fingers are hitting the wrong keys and it makes the task harder .	So this story will end with me going to bed . Gooodnight
It was moving into the air .	Eventually , it got stuck on top of a flag .
He went to Denali national park .	While he was walking around he heard someone shout out to him .
Abby was a city girl .	She never thought about where eggs came from .
She wished she had a stereo of her own .	Nancy looked online to see how to build a stereo of her own .
She joined a gym .	The workouts made her feel energized !
Lita 's friend told her to use an online tax service .	Lita found one that she felt comfortable using .
They buy materials and start to work .	They work very hard together until finally the cabin is complete .
Once there was a philosopher who was seeking new wisdom .	The man decided the best way to think was to go into the woods alone .
His boss also berated him for being such a square .	Sam no longer enjoys going to work .
The next morning I realized he still was n't back .	My mom and I never really talked about it after that .
One day a lady told Amy 's boss she was a great worker .	Her boss told her he was pleased with her progress .
His dad said no .	Tommy found a Goat on his way home from school .
Mai waited by the door and insisted they get up now .	But Mai found her daughter with their tenant when the door opened .
We continued to argue to several more minutes .	On the bright side , we made an agreement .
To the East , they could see the moon rising .	They floated into the path of the setting sun on the water .
He felt so badly , but Teresa forgave him immediately .	It strengthened their relationship that she was so forgiving .
Lorraine did not want to clean her room .	Her mama offered her two quarters .
I was too small to ride the big horses .	I rode a pony named Dash .
Susie loves to take a bubble bath .	She fills the tub up with hot water .
George really like hot dogs .	He saw a flyer for a hot dog eating contest at the state fair .
His managers were impressed by his numbers .	They made him Employee of the Year !
When she returned to the kitchen , the turkey was gone .	She found her dog laying in his bed chewing on it !
We decided to go out for dinner .	After a nice meal we realized neither had money .
Al was the scrawniest guy in his gym class , and was always teased .	He was n't good at most of the things they did in gym class .
The panda had just had a little baby .	Mari wanted to go see the baby panda .
They offered free samples .	When she was done , Allie bought a lot of chocolate .
It was in an area with tornadoes .	Jake had never experienced them before .
The contest began and he was doing really well .	Unfortunately , he threw up and was disqualified .
One night I convinced my boyfriend to go with me .	He had never been to a death metal concert before .
Laura was bored , and decided to have a catnip party .	She brought out the bag of catnip , and scattered it on the carpet .
He reluctantly went to the dentist .	He was so nervous about this that he nearly wrecked his car .
When he went to tryouts he did a great job .	Chris made the soccer team !
She began eating the food .	Suddenly , she noticed a fly in the bowl .
Jim noticed a small rash on his ear .	It was itching and causing him some discomfort .
Hy came from Asia and was forced to work in a brothel .	But one day a kind stranger snuck her out the back door .
She had n't practiced it enough though .	Ariel smashed her head on the stage and died .
I decided to leave and check another store 's produce section .	After shopping at another store , I found good produce and went home .
John went skating with friends .	His friends all did a trick that John had not yet tried .
I play chess online with my friend Joe .	Last night he could not play .
He wrote and wrote as fast as he could .	He turned in his test with 30 seconds to spare .
He thought they were adorable !	He went every day to see them swim and grow bigger .
His family worried that he would n't like the military .	But Nick could n't be persuaded .
After a few hours , she tentatively emerged and looked around .	Thankfully , the bear had wandered away .
Every day , he consulted his daily schedule .	Gradually he found himself less rushed and more organized .
It was a hot day in summer and Erin was feeling warm .	Erin left to the store to buy a fan .
Jim went with his 8-year-old son .	He bought concessions and went to his seat .
They were relieved to be inside .	Her little sister ran to the first floor bathroom .
He looks for pretty birds .	Today he saw a coyote on the trail .
All of Deb 's friends bought eggs from her and they told their friends .	Now Deb has a successful chicken ranch and pays all her bills .
Paul loved tv dinners .	Whether in the microwave or oven , he loved the taste .
A New England family went out to Florida for vacation .	Hoping to get away from the cold , they marveled at warm temperatures .
She vowed she would do things nicely from now on .	She would no longer be a mean girl .
Sometimes the bears would come close to the back porch .	A co-worker was taking out the trash and hit a bear with the door .
There was a horse that crashed into a tree .	It 's owners were very surprised .
Sade next tried out for the dance team and band .	She is now in the advanced band and lead on the dance team .
But when lunch time came , she got a surprise .	She had n't packed them well and now they were sticky and messy !
He was approached by two young men outside of the store .	The two men attacked Dean , and stole his money .
His first offer was $ 4000 dollars and someone accepted .	I decided to make a counter by offering $ 5000 .
He did not take the pill yet .	Later he called me to ask if he had taken his pill .
She took them home and read them all .	Now , she knows a lot about samurai !
Jim had to take time off from work to do so .	His boss told him that he could n't or risk termination .
She had to buy another , but then found out she had no money left .	Luna decided to walk to school instead .
So Charles stopped talking to Greg .	Greg found Charles that summer and asked why they were n't friends ?
Suddenly , a boy approached their table .	He asked Sadie if she wanted to go out on a date .
Wyatt and his friends were in class .	A girl across from them was acting sort of spastic .
Immediately , Sarah ran out of the wood lot .	She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment .
She went to see them the first day they arrived .	She loved them !
The lake had just unfrozen .	Jeff quickly got out of the lake .
Dan loves video games .	So he enters a local gaming competition .
There were so many people on the bus it was hard to find a seat .	An old man in the back said there was an open seat by him .
The first hand she was dealt contained three kings .	Sue forgot all about keeping a poker face .
Fish neither speak nor understand speech .	Undeterred , he turned his attention to a passing goose .
It was a coconut !	Her grandpa opened if for her to taste it .
Glenda 's daughter was going through her terrible twos phase .	When she wanted something to drink , Glenda tried giving her something .
Lucy wanted to go to the food court , but Stacy wanted to shop .	They decided to shop first , and then they got some pizza .
Ivan was from the Soviet Union .	He was there when the Berlin Wall came down .
His girlfriend said that it is fine .	A week later , he goes on facebook and checks her page .
A protester threw a brick at the library and cursed education loudly .	The librarian came out and told them to please be more quiet .
There is a big bike race across Iowa .	Sam and his friends decide to participate .
Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter .	Frita had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies .
He notices that he spends a lot of money on coffee .	Dan decides to stay at home to write .
He could score lots of points and pass very well .	In the championship game Gerald could n't score enough points .
When I started on the grass , I noticed a frog .	I had to stop the lawnmower and catch it .
The kids get a chance to pick out their own book .	Stan had so much fun on the field trip .
Frank picked up his phone and called for help .	After an hour or so , a towing vehicle arrived to help Frank .
I found the perfect gift for my mom , but could n't buy it due to price .	I headed back to the mall where it was on sale for fifty dollars less .
He went to the local store to buy one ticket .	The family sat down to watch TV .
He measured out the wood with a ruler and pencil .	With a saw he then cut up the pieces .
Chad , most of all , loved the speed the boat traveled .	Chad could not wait to go on the speed boat again .
He decided to ask his friend to watch the big race with him .	They had a lot of fun watching the race car championships together .
Janet decided to go to her high school 's party .	When she walked in , she felt awkward .
She hoped for a little boy .	She opted not to find the sex out in advance .
Missy was at a fourth of July party .	Her brother thought it would be funny to prank her .
But the other dogs did not seem interested in Kevin .	Kevin attacked one of the dogs in frustration .
Kim heard the sound of the pebble hit the glass .	She worried it would damage the windshield .
She was unsure what exotic tropical disease she might 've contracted .	Then her doctor called to set her mind at ease .
They had children and decided to move back to their childhood town .	Their sons are the best of friends , and play on the same team .
She needed some baby gates but could n't afford them .	She posted online hoping to find free ones .
She had n't anticipated the weather to being cool .	She ended up having to sit inside the bus .
My sister is going to have a baby .	She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl .
Lily was having a party .	She needed some balloons .
Nathan was already running 10 minutes late .	He heard an explosion and his car started to slow down .
She called a plowing service but there were none available .	Ally had to call out of work that day .
He asked someone working for help .	They were able to pick out a painting that fit Sam 's needs .
He saw a funny video on his phone and laughed uncontrollably .	He dropped his phone in the bowl of soup .
Water spills all over the keyboard .	Matthew looses computer privileges for a month .
This morning , I attended a training at my work office .	The training focused on creating and delivering better presentations .
I quickly went inside to check out the deal for some cute sweaters .	I grabbed two sweaters and as i checked out they rang up even cheaper .
He heated the grill .	While the steaks were on the grill , he entertained his guests .
He could barely walk around wearing all that stuff !	Bob earned a bunch of points for his contributions that day .
He ran into the kitchen and saw an oil fire .	He remembered to smother it instead of using water .
She heard an animal crying .	She walked up to it .
She reached into her pockets .	However she could n't find her plane ticket anywhere .
She watched the video and practiced a lot .	Kelly now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother .
My dad was very angry .	Fortunately , it came out very easily .
He is talking very loud .	Someone next to Ferdy wants him to shut up .
She gathered all the necessary supplies and chopped away .	He ended up with really short patches .
He had his large nose nose shrunk .	But he still was n't happy .
Rachel bought two sweet guinea pigs .	She housed them in a pet store cage .
He was here to assassinate the Earl of Abingdon .	He slinked through the dark corridors as silently as a shadow .
She was excited , but nervous .	Her family was there to greet her at the airport .
Howard decided to go to a PTA meeting one day .	He walked into the meeting room and found a seat .
Ben asked what it was .	His guide explained that it was quicksand !
The worse part is I was the only one there .	First party that I wanted to be over fast .
He checked his bank account .	His company had not paid him .
No one wanted to confess .	As a result , she gave the whole class detention .
They tried two of the original New York pizza parlors .	The girls loved the pizza at both parlors .
The game was tied when Dan shot the last basket hoping to make it .	The team won by two points and went on to state finals .
She had several green beers .	She felt festive at first , but then kind of sick .
She was initially nervous .	Jan bought a new suit to ease her nerves .
He especially did n't think he 'd do it at a party .	But , at a party , he ate something that made his bowels move .
Rory really wanted a new bracelet .	Unfortunately , the one she wanted was too expensive .
Once he got on the plane he was nervous .	The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor .
Last night was brutal .	I stayed up all night until 3 in the morning .
They love to pretend to swim and use bath crayons .	They especially love to splash which tends to make a mess .
Tam and his family ordered Chinese one night .	They all ate heartily .
Angie met a guy named Matt .	They started talking every day .
I panicked and went back inside and called my power department .	Several professionals showed up later and fixed the power line issue .
A baby kitten wanders out of the house .	The kitten wanders around trying to find some food .
Austin was too tired to be holding anything above his face last night .	He fell asleep and dropped the iPad directly on his nose .
Sam wanted to get a new keyboard .	His current one was starting to get worn out .
The boys friend came up to him to see what 's up .	The boy explained that he just broke up with his girl and was sad
Later on , his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him .	Tom was proud of her even though he felt defeated .
Once they returned home they noticed the door open and the tv gone .	No forced entry meant the door was unlocked .
She could go to Food Lion , which provides very fast service .	Or , she could go to Wal-Mart , which provides lower prices .
It flew into his neighbor 's backyard .	Max rang their doorbell and asked for his ball .
While they were boiling she went to shower .	When she returned she had eggs exploded all over her kitchen .
Nell did the exercises half-heartedly .	The teacher expressed her disappointment in Nell .
But Nora sold that house just last week .	Yes , and I bought it !
Carly and her family lost all of their belongings and their home .	Carly 's family decided to move away .
When he got to the party , he was warmly greeted .	Hank met a new friend , named Jon , at the party .
I had a pet rabbit .	He loved alfalfa .
Raven went to a bar to meet new people .	She just wanted to make friends .
I 'm not sure how we are ever suppose to get hooked on a series .	I wrote a letter the the network venting my frustration .
The storm was bigger than anything he had seen before .	He had not prepared with appropriate supplies .
She had to cut it out .	She cut her hair short to fix it .
A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial .	He began studying many religions .
A mother with her Girl Scout daughter came along .	The mother said that was always their spot and they started arguing .
I decided to get a pet kitten .	I went to the pet store and looked around .
I was starting to regret working for that employer	I was surprised and pleased to receive a bonus for the difference .
When Paul opened his shop , he worked hard on promoting it .	He waited for the shop to take off , but people never showed up .
At the end of the walkway was an orange construction sign .	Gina walked over to see what the sign said .
One day , Nell 's dad came home fuming .	He said a customer returned a big bag of bridge mix candy .
Joe was a stockbroker .	Ian paid him to buy and sell stocks .
She took her baby boy to the doctor .	The doctor said the baby was doing very well .
She could n't believe Gina would waste soap in such a manner .	She handed Gina the hose and went into the house .
Amanda researched acting classes on the internet .	After conducting research , Amanda found a reputable acting coach .
Jake was riding his skateboard outside .	He was trying to grind a rail in the park .
But he quickly realized he could n't finish it all .	Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it .
She could n't afford to buy a pair .	Then she went to the goodwill and found some for $ 5 .
No one in town could believe that Phil left his wife for Laurel .	The only one that was n't shocked was Phil 's ex wife , Angelique .
They showed him the electric bill .	Tom no longer wanted to be an adult .
She always gossiped about other people and said ugly things .	Soon , her behavior made no one want to be friends with her .
It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned .	Tom never went fishing with his friends again .
He flirted with several young girls that were ordinary neighbors .	In addition , He never sends the mail directly to someone .
At first , he found it hard to eat wholesome meals without meat .	Soon enough , he adjusted to the vegetarian diet and loved it !
The salesman made a lot of money that day .	He saved the money so he could buy himself a new sports car .
Marco loves riding in the car with his family .	He likes hearing his mother and father talk in the front seat .
I decided to go as a chef .	I ca n't find any cartoonish chef hats available anywhere .
But it was too big so she could n't get it in .	She had to fix burgers that she had in the freezer instead .
It was his fault that she had died .	He 'd been drinking away the humiliation of his day at work .
I immediately went to go and buy it .	I was the first one at the store .
He then felt really bad .	He decided to clean his room and apologize .
Soon after she ate some of the nuts she stopped breathing .	In a panic , I called 911 .
He had the whole house to himself !	Richie invited all his friends to come over .
At first Kevin was reluctant to speak to his therapist .	But when they started speaking , he felt better .
She said I insulted her cooking abilities .	I thought I was trying to be constructive .
Katie was really looking forward to her birthday .	More than anything , she wanted a CD player as a present .
The stores were all closed .	Jake got married in shorts and a t-shirt .
Joseph decides to shave it .	He never grows a beard again .
After 2-3 hours he took it out and placed it on the table .	When Janice looked at the bottom , the fish was raw .
He chose to enter them into the little league World Series .	Alan took his team to the World Series and they won .
The coach painted the baseballs pastel colors for the game .	The umpire was not sure if this was acceptable .
It was for TGI Fridays .	He planned to put the card in his pocket .
He had to search for the phone .	Once he found it , he made the phone call .
The nurse called for her doctor .	The doctor came to her room .
The girls were all very excited .	After a week none of them had a job yet .
Rob was a fan of basketball	It was now March Madness season in college basketball
Tim asked the girl he liked out to dinner .	The night of the dinner , he was really nervous .
The entire office heard several bickering noises .	The boss approached the girls .
One day they found a great big puddle in the backyard .	They put on old clothes and boots .
It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them .	When she was ten , her grandfather became very ill .
She drove to the store .	Then she began looking at cooking pots and pans .
Eventually he let me read it out loud on my own .	I went to school one day and showed my abilities .
He 's passionate about what he does .	He prints signs and spreads the word about an upcoming show .
Now his guitar sounds great !	Jasper is so happy he guitar sounds good again .
This the story of how I met my wife .	Two boys had knocked all my books out of my arms in the hallway .
Anita was tired from a long day of shopping .	She dreaded the fact that she still had to wrap the gifts .
He decided he would work with it and still play .	He did not tell anyone .
Aaron began digging line to create a boundary .	Their efforts worked , and Aaron got a commendation .
There were cd 's everywhere in Shelly 's room .	Shelly 's mom got her a cd case .
Jeffrey went to the store .	He had to purchase some food for a party .
Instead , I would create a fake author and title for a book .	Then I would invent a storyline and write my report .
All of a sudden someone came up to me .	They were talking like they knew me .
Timothy studies his notes from class .	Timothy stays up all night studying .
The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return .	Daniel did it free of charge and brought the food home for his kids .
Robbie wanted a pet cat .	His parents took him to the Humane Society to choose one .
Joe has been asked to join a band .	Jim goes to see his son play in the band .
They painstakingly dig a deep moat around their creation .	They decorate the walls and the surrounding area with seashells .
Steve walked into his barn to grab some hay to feed the horses .	He tripped over a shovel and crashed into the hay pile .
Tammy and Jane sat down to play a board game .	Tammy kept winning each game .
Jeremy 's mom needed him to pull some weeds .	She promised that if he did , he could get a new toy .
She could not remember what she was supposed to say to pick someone !	Finally her friend Liz whispered the word goose as she walked by .
Last place guy went to the sidelines and cheered everyone else on .	The winner of the race thanked the last place guy for the motivation .
Dan misses his hometown of Denver .	Dan decides that he is going to plan a quick weekend trip .
A man went on a hike and found a cave in the side of a hill .	He took out his flashlight and began to explore .
His friend was a sore loser .	Carl kept letting him win .
Charles read the post on the bulletin board .	It said a Macbook Pro was for sale , only three hundred dollars .
It turned out that his dog had been pregnant .	He decided to keep one and give the rest away .
Marsha hired a cleaning lady to clean the house .	The lady came and started cleaning .
One day a poor widow came to town .	She gave a mite to the beggar on the street .
Randall was late for an important business meeting .	He made straight for the elevator when he reached the building .
All of the chickens go in the coop by then except one .	The one that does not go in is blind .
Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski down the mountain .	His nephew said that was not possible .
He could n't stand when his feet would stick to the floor .	The sound of other people smacking and talking made him angry .
He just could n't reach it .	Alex gave him a ladder .
She had a few pair in her hands and asked the salesperson for advice .	The saleslady told Jane that it was all a matter of preference .
Tim was trying to fix the electrical wiring in his home .	He had some broken wire in a wall so he needed to buy new wire .
Today I raked my entire backyard .	There was a lot of dead grass that needed to be cleaned up .
When the cake was done it looked delicious .	She forget to add oil and it tasted awful .
Justin loves fresh fruit .	Every morning he makes a list of what fruit he would like that day .
Recently she picked up the harry potter books .	She was surprised that she did not read it sooner .
The teacher tried to make class interesting .	Joe still fell asleep everyday .
I noticed that several of the questions were complicated .	When I attempted the first question , I spent one hour doing nothing .
Kali went to do her first video music video .	She was very excited and ready to dance .
He was able to fill in most of it .	He no clue what the other answers were .
Michael loved dragon ball Z .	He saw all the episodes .
Jen also decided to only drink water .	She started to see changes in her skin tone .
Everything fell down and broke .	Jeb was so sad that he never played earthquake again .
Noela got to walk with a handsome man .	The two of them hit it off at the reception .
He had too much food , so he decided to share .	He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese .
And David stood outside watering his lawn for half an hour .	But the next day , it rained .
But he was nervous that nobody would like him .	He feared he would n't make any friends at all .
At the shoe store I ask the clerk for help .	I bought the brand she recommended .
She purchased the fabric .	She picked out the perfect thread .
Eloise dropped down to her knees .	She looked up at her dad with tearful eyes .
One day at the park , a woman showed up with binoculars .	She asked if they could watch birds together and they held hands .
Lily 's dad saved money by giving his kids haircuts .	Lily dreaded it when her dad asked her to sit for a haircut .
He is charming but looks nothing like his photos .	Hannah asks for the check and leaves the date fast .
He had one in the fridge .	Matt ate it .
Janie went to the store to find a new shirt .	She tried on three different shirts .
He tried to quit on his own , but could n't .	Then his mom sent him to rehab .
He tried to return it to the rental place but it was closed down .	Matt checked his credit history and there were no hits .
Cierra loves her nieces and nephews .	She takes them somewhere special every summer .
His wife Gail calls it the `` BIG voice '' .	Bernard only uses it when one of his kids is in trouble .
He was denied by his manager .	He left the company soon after .
She mixed all the ingredients together .	Then , she put the cake in to bake .
But Bill puts the wrong date on all the promo material .	When no customers show up it is nearly a disaster .
She said the she was happy too as long as mom made macaroni salad .	Marsha 's mom said that she already did and it 's waiting at home .
As she was reading it , she began to shrivel up .	She told her husband that the house was on the verge of closing down .
He felt much more confident with his new clothes and supplies .	When the first day of school arrived , Mike was no longer afraid .
After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again .	The next day her friend called to ask why she had stood her date up .
Suddenly , she began to feel sick .	She did n't know where to throw up .
The mother said he could wait .	The boy proved her wrong by wetting himself .
I needed to get insurance .	I decided to call a few companies .
Linda was sketching in public .	Some people stopped to watch her .
Jon wanted to know more about birds , so he went to the library .	While at the library , he saw an attractive librarian .
She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked .	Gina climbed into the house through the window .
She watched the first episode .	She liked it alot .
Gina was on a road trip with her family .	She had been trying unsuccessfully to fall asleep for 2 hours .
Tim would not give up and got back on the bike .	After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own .
Fortunately , he had saved up money for a new one .	Jesse bought a new computer .
She liked their relationship .	However Tim wanted to be serious .
I decided to learn how to cook .	I researched hobby cooking classes available nearby .
For a second , she felt really dizzy and lightheaded .	Luckily , she was able to get back up and walk home safely .
His parents knew their son could be famous .	Silas and his family moved to Los Angeles .
My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill .	I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay .
It fixed the key on his keyboard .	Joe was able to finish typing the essay .
Mike took out his cookbook .	He tried to make some chicken stock .
Byron thought it was time to retire .	He put in his paperwork and retired .
Mark 's supervisor at work called him into his office .	Mark 's supervisor asked him if everything was okay at home .
The big doors of the firehouse swung open .	The fire trucks raced towards the fire .
The tired man had too much pride to take the seat .	As a result , no one sat in the open seat .
He invited all of his friends .	Tim played music over his huge surround sound system .
His wife changed the channel during the fourth quarter of the game .	Tim looked at his wife is disbelief .
She lets go of the chair and takes a slow step forward , then another .	She takes two more steps forward , into her mother 's arms .
Trevor has a fast car that he bought recently .	He loved speeding in it everywhere .
His wife did not like steak .	Josh wanted to get a good steak .
They wanted to see who was the strongest .	They decided to arm wrestle .
She went every now and then but she had never won .	She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo .
So he put bread in the toaster .	He went to watch television but realized he was hungry .
He left them out on the front step and let them dry .	Carter 's mom decided to throw the shoes away rather than clean them .
She surprised herself by hitting the ball when her turn at bat came .	Then , Wendy heard laughter as she ran straight to third base .
The Roberts decided to still have fun camping in their yard .	It was as much fun as any previous vacation .
As soon as he saw this , Jay began to feel ill .	He tore the letter in half and threw it on the ground .
He competed and won .	The fencing trip was the best day of Horatio 's life .
Andrea was a teenager who wanted to be a movie star .	She took drama class and acted in a school play .
Joey was wearing his lucky socks .	He did not want to take them off .
I did not want to be late for work .	Unfortunately I was a half hour late .
Jack poured water into the pot .	After it started to boil , he placed several pieces of pasta into it .
But when he took a train there , he saw he had been wrong .	Sweden was so different .
He decided to take his sister and mother in law fishing .	They chummed behind the boat for 2 hours .
Out of anxiety , Jenna accelerated strongly .	Both of the cars collided into each other .
She called up all of Mary 's friends and invited them over .	Mary went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised .
He had never tried hunting , but he was worried about it .	Finally he decided to give it a try .
My family planned to vacation in florida .	First , we needed to pack for the trip .
Jake helped his girlfriend deal with her dying mother .	They frequently took trips to be by her mother 's side .
Leon always had trouble remembering important dates .	He had tried different methods of remembering them .
She had 6 months free financing on her credit card .	After 6 months , Samantha forgot to pay her credit card debt .
Her remotes stopped working .	She needed to replace the batteries .
The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window !	Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later .
Lee was trying to teach his mom how to use a computer .	He showed her how to open a browser .
Jimmy reeled in a big catfish !	Jimmy took the catfish home .
So he grabbed a bottle of pure acetone .	It melted a hole clean through the CD .
She bought several items when she was supposed to buy one .	Most of the items were unnecessary clothing .
But Jim preferred to spend his time playing instead .	One day Jane saw a wet spot on the carpet .
Nala met a cute guy at the mall .	He asked her for coffee .
Aria went out with her friends , dancing and drinking .	She had lots and lots of drinks during the night .
Before he left he took basic Spanish classes .	He learned some great travel Spanish phrases .
Jacob is being bullied in school by Derek .	He talks to his parents about the situation .
Lee 's yard was in terrible shape .	His dog had ruined a lot of it .
Leslie woke up to a yard covered in snow .	She put on her boots and went outside .
After walking for a while , he began to approach the food truck .	When he showed up , there were policemen and ambulances everywhere .
One day , she developed terminal cancer .	I was sad for a long time .
Their mom is really upset with all the fighting .	She took away all their video games .
When she was seen by the doctor , her blood pressure was taken .	Her blood pressure was markedly higher than on previous visits .
But still , he was soaking wet by the time he got there .	Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking .
Julio is excited for family dinner .	He 's making ham and potatoes .
She told him that was a great example .	The teacher gave the student a gold star .
He is very anxious about this , but goes to the airport anyway .	His skydiving instructor is very nice .
Jane and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation .	They saw a small ice cream parlor , but Jane hesitated to go in .
He lifted the glove he 'd brought with him .	The ball plopped right into it .
She moved during the winter and did n't realize how cold it would be .	She did n't have a warm coat so her Mom let her borrow one .
They ended up holding it at their warehouse for her .	She spent more on gas picking it up then she 'd saved .
Derek made macaroni and wants to spice it up a little .	He tried a little garlic but it was n't the right spice .
He sat patiently at the restaurant waiting to go home .	When the arrived home he ran to the DVR to play his show .
He decided to have some marshmallows for a snack .	Suddenly a bear came crashing out of the woods !
India was recalling some of her childhood memories .	One particular memory was of India 's Imaginary Friend .
He was nervous about the test in his history class .	When it was time for the test , Joe did his best .
Mikey politely showed her the portrait of her he had nearly finished .	Miss Haring cried at the accuracy of the features .
Finally , he found found bitter finger nail polish .	Larry can now enjoy not hearing his mother scolding him .
Tom wanted to play in college .	Tom knew he was not great enough to earn a scholarship .
Ian needs a warm pair of gloves for his first winter in Vermont .	Unfortunately , Ian does not have a lot of money .
Jennifer was kayaking on the White River .	It began to storm .
He took his son to the playground .	He discovered a bunch of trash all over the ground .
Tim had bad luck with basketball .	He never could get control of a bouncing ball .
It snarled as though it was going to attack her .	Anna turned and fled quickly !
In fifth grade I got stung by a bee .	I had never been stung before .
Grandpa asked if she wanted to wait for the next movie .	Lucy thought it might be better to see a different one instead .
But as she lugged the bag outside , something bad happened .	The plastic bag broke and garbage went everywhere !
Jim could still see that Jen was a little upset .	He offered that they go see the romantic movie that night .
He went to the mall with his mother .	His mother bought him new shirts and jeans .
Kyle woke up late for school one day .	He rushed to get ready for school and not be late to first period .
However , he got stuck .	The chimney was too narrow .
Nina really wanted Italian food for dinner .	She ordered takeout from the pizzeria .
Tony had a faithful dog .	Everyday the dog would wait for Tony to get home from school .
She got into her car to drive to work .	Her car would n't start .
Her child came inside very excited .	Her child wanted her to come outside and look at a kitten .
Estelle is a 40 year old black woman and Steve is white .	Rita told us she would not date interracially because of her father .
She really wanted to make a good impression .	It was going well until she tripped , spilling red wine everywhere .
Karl announces his retirement to the press .	He has a bittersweet interview about his retirement .
He thought the job paid more than what it did .	Austin is upset because now he has new car payments .
She went on one with her friends .	The girls started finding many objects .
During a typical meeting I was sitting in a wooden chair .	I keep hearing weird noises coming from my chair .
The went to the dock and asked if they could borrow anyone 's boat .	An elderly man offered John his boat in exchange for $ 50 dollars .
On night while eating the breading fell off her son 's tofu .	He showed his dad who looked upset .
They laughed that their gifts canceled out .	They decided that next year they would just exchange cards .
The next morning , David could not open his car door .	Instead , the door handle broke right off .
Elise was trying to make some tea in the microwave .	To her dismay , Elisa found out the microwave was broken .
Bob was an unskilled construction laborer .	Bob decided he was getting older and needed to acquire new skills .
Julie looked around her house at the stacks of books .	She realized that she had no idea where the book she wanted was .
He had a good feeling that he would win a lot of money .	Kevin was very tense while watching the game that night .
Her cat destroys the scratching post in a few weeks .	She neglects to replace the scratching post .
AAA was taking forever , so Lauren decided to change the tire herself .	Her husband was surprised he could learn a few things from his wife .
She 'd always pester her friends to join her .	One time her friends consented to come along .
She asked who knew the parts of the compound word .	Wanting to show off , Jenny waved her hand in the air .
He broke it apart and looked at the shoe .	However , the bottom sole was dangling loose and the top had holes .
I bought all the items to make it .	When I got home , I ate real well !
We found the best spot in the whole forest .	When we got there , we set up our tents and a fire .
Lizzy was enjoying her trip to the petting zoo .	The lambs and the piglets were very sweet .
I went to the doctor yesterday for a routine check up .	He told me i need to drink more water .
Charles found himself a job on craigslist .	It 's the worst job he ever experienced .
Johnny was supposed to be going home after vacation .	His flight was delayed due to weather .
He was anxious to go door to door and get candy .	Halloween was his favorite holiday .
The tennis pro helped Lyn 's backhand .	Lyn now has a great backhand .
Jim does n't have the heart to tell his friends the truth .	When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated
He goes to the restaurant and does n't see anyone he knows .	He calls his buddy to find out what 's going on .
I met the man I call my husband at that beach .	I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day .
The other day I found a sand dollar .	I have n't seen one of those in years .
I stayed with a friend .	At my friend 's place , there is no heat .
Jason asks his boss for a new chair .	His boss agrees , but says Jason must go get it from the store .
He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead .	He likes the honey , but thinks brown sugar tastes better .
It made my work almost impossible .	Eventually I had to quit .
One summer at our pool party , my mom was caught off guard .	She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board .
The audience started to complain about the performance .	They ended up throwing their belongings on the stage .
He took photos of everyone around him .	He developed the prints and gave them to his friends .
Benisha likes the flute , but hates to practice .	Last week her teacher cancelled lessons forever .
Gina had been sharing a room with 2 other girls her whole life .	Getting her own room was a dream come true .
When the big game started Bonnie was very tired .	She was so exhausted that she did not play very well .
His mother told him that they must go to the doctor .	At the doctor , Billy was worried he 'd have to get a shot .
Lisa made chocolate oatmeal .	But she was afraid her mom might not like it .
Other runners were passing me and I felt I was running too slow .	Seeing the one mile marker ahead , I increased my speed .
Amy , a good person , felt forced to resort to a devious technique .	The only thing that worked was to pretend to be deaf !
I got passed on a promotion at work ,	When I asked my boss how come he said that he thought I was n't ready .
She still had 3 hours in class , and she had volleyball later .	It was her first time drinking coffee so she was unprepared .
This guys stayed on the wildest bull for over eight seconds .	Even though this bull had thrown off everyone , Bill was the best .
Kim had an online diary that she wrote in daily .	She was very candid and put everything in the diary .
I got fashion show tickets in the mail .	The show was to Balmain .
He could barely hear his television .	Angrily , he pounded on the floor with a broom handle .
He then went out to buy a fake tree instead .	He is much happier with his choice now .
She showed Beth the one she had instead .	Beth told Amy the one she had was better than the one she wanted .
The vet promised to call the sanctuary to straighten it out .	Ana was able to bring her bird home at last .
There once was a house on Coconut Grove .	This house was of ill fame .
There once was a man named Tim .	Tim was caught doing crimes and got locked up .
There was a hurricane blowing into south Florida .	The news report stated the hurricane would be mild and quick .
He figured he would live there forever .	Then he met a girl named Juniper .
At 23 Jared had never tied a tie .	He was too embarrassed to tell anyone , so he did it himself .
Joey 's favorite sport is baseball .	Every summer he tries out for the baseball team .
All she found were slippers .	She decided to wear a long dress to cover them up .
Cindy found a cute puppy advertised on facebook .	She wanted the puppy so bad .
She is about to pull her hair out !	My Mom and I are laughing at her .
But her mom convinced her to appear anyways .	And people did n't laugh - they cheered and applauded !
I found it was hard to button my pants .	I researched and found a company that had pants with velcro snaps .
Jane did n't want to waste the eggs .	She made them scrambled instead .
Annie asked her coworkers for advice on what to do on the cruise .	Annie looked up the activities mentioned to her by the co workers .
He started running in a certain direction .	Somehow he made it back home .
One day , his cheese fell behind the counter .	No one noticed the cheese for three months .
A small rabbit hopped on to the trail right in front of her .	Beth laughed out loud , and breathed a sigh of relief .
I ran to the nurse to get some ice .	I could see the black stinger inside me .
She did n't want to be rude , but she did n't want to eat it either .	When her grandma was n't looking , her dad moved it to his plate .
He decides to call the seller up .	He buys the car
Finally she got help with her money .	Now she is not stressed out anymore .
Many digital news outlets covered the researcher 's work .	Shalil still got his yearly bonus .
James had always wanted to be elected to student council .	He was afraid that he might not be popular enough to be elected .
Millie had to buy a new pair of pants .	All of her other pants were worn and out of style .
A sculptor set out to carve a statue .	He found a fine block of marble and set to work .
We put treats in each stocking .	The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down .
Val and her friend Kris followed her .	Ali froze when she saw Val .
Charly kept trying over and over .	Eventually he got a hang of it and painted a pretty horse .
He feels a weight on his stomach .	He ca n't see what it is but he senses it is something evil .
They ordered lots of drinks .	They drank all night long .
Bill was starving at work .	He could not wait for lunch time .
She asked me to meet her on her lunch break .	When we were walking by the Llama pen it spit in her drink cup .
My friend Kenny lived in Dorchester , MA .	He had two big brothers .
I felt very sad that people made fun of me .	I promised myself I would never shave my legs again .
When she finally rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster .	She had white streaks all through her hair , not blonde .
Later , he arrived home .	In his hands , he had the formula for his wife , surprising her .
Sometimes we would get in real fights and I always won .	But one year , my brother had grown taller than me .
Yesterday I went to the mall to shop .	I had a lot of fun .
However he was broke .	He thought that there was nothing he could do .
When the doors opened , I went straight to the electronics section .	I got the tv , put it in a cart , and went straight to check out .
She looked inside and outside the house .	She noticed her toddler had been unusually quiet .
Ants were all over the sticky mess .	Gina was in the house , unaware .
I rode that bike and crashed it at high speed .	I limped home , bleeding , to the `` i told you so '' of my parents .
She went to the store and bought an expensive cream .	The cream said it would reduce Iva 's wrinkles in six weeks .
His mother always warned him to be in earlier , but Bobby never cared .	One night , Bobby saw his friend get robbed and beaten badly .
She cooked the fish and made the slaw .	They were delicious !
But it was raining outside .	So he decided to play basketball inside .
Amy 's mom brought home boxes of Cracker Jack .	Amy surveyed the box .
Tito wagged his tail as Alice attached the leash and tied her shoes .	They walked for about half an hour , enjoying the sights and smells .
She thought of her friends and teachers .	Kate was no longer excited to graduate .
He knew the book was not easy to find , but he had tried everywhere .	He searched up and down the aisles , hoping the book was in the store .
Mike knew nothing about music .	He started reading about it online .
I 've been on a quest to find the most sour .	It 's a tough quest during my lunch hour .
I practiced in front of family and friends .	When the time came to give the speech , I forgot it .
He eventually ended up getting a ticket .	David thought that it was worth it .
Lisa starts writing a weekly column in the newspaper about fashion .	Her parents and teachers are very proud of her .
I shook the bottle and the water immediately crystallized to ice .	I researched the phenomenon and learned it 's called Supercooling .
Carly ran to class to be on time .	She saw a puddle was in her path ahead .
Nick pushed through his colleagues aggressively .	His colleagues were shocked and appalled .
He popped the hood to see what it was .	A rabbit had started nesting on top of his battery !
I found one on Ebay and it cost too much money .	I changed my will to include cremation services .
Same went to visit his uncle at the farm .	He woke up early because of the roosters .
I was n't sure what kind of medicine I should take for my cold .	I was confused by the variety of remedies available .
Meisha 's husband encouraged her and practiced with her everyday .	Meisha went to the comedy club and felt very prepared .
Kate looked through the phone book for a qualified instructor .	Kate located an instructor that specializes in kickboxing .
They researched and found just the right neighborhood .	They looked at many houses but could n't agree on one .
He investigated and discovered that a light switch was sparking .	He immediately called his landlord , unsure of what to do .
They needed furniture for their new home .	They both searched online and found a couch from IKEA that they liked .
He went to a fast food place to order one .	He specified that he did not want a tomato .
He did n't realized his shoe was untied .	Tim tripped over his lace and dropped the kite string .
The owner said that he could trade his game for a new one .	So , he got a game that he had been wanting for awhile .
Caleb lived on a wheat farm in Oklahoma .	He dreamed of one day moving to a big city .
Chris wanted to visit the zoo .	Chris told his friend how he had never been to the zoo before .
Jan 's horse bucked and Jane was thrown hard to the ground .	Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps .
He uninstalled the game .	Matt was able to quit by keeping himself preoccupied with school .
He logged into the course and joined the intro live class .	There were introductions for his classmates and the instructor .
One day , little baby fish appeared in the tank .	His fish had had babies !
My dog got his paws muddy .	He ran in our house and made the carpet dirty .
She was trying to cook but some smell was disgusting .	She searched everywhere for the source .
Francis drove to Chicago for a concert .	While there , he thought the band looked strange .
Eventually he tried making her plain macaroni and cheese .	Ella loved the dish and Fred learned to keep meals simple for her .
She went in about an hour later to check on them .	She found them putting doll clothes on her cat .
After a few months , I needed some extra money .	When I tried to get into contact with Henry , I could n't find him .
I 've never faced the Christmas season without money before .	At first I began to panic , thinking I would n't be able to give gifts .
The water poured down the counter towards her cook books .	The books became soaking wet along the bottoms .
He gave it a strong yank to get the cork out .	The cork tore in two pieces .
Roger and I were bored .	We decided to watch a movie .
The phone vibrated violently next to Matt .	He picked it up and looked at the screen .
Throughout the day , I tried to remain calm .	However , I saw a notice on my desk that says I 'm fired .
Kim has many dolls .	She lets her friends play with them .
She just declined , and they eventually gave up .	She always felt sort of lame after that .
There were car parts and random belongings everywhere .	Jazz 's parents decided to stop .
He tried to mix other colors to make blue but to no avail .	To be artsy , the artist used yellow paint for the water .
She met some friends there .	She had a good time with her friends .
Finally Cindy moved .	She got a place with soundproof walls .
His arm got tired so he held it lower after a while .	When he listened to the recording it was all pretty good .
He preached about ways to care for other people .	He told everyone that they should help with a food drive after church .
I rode three speed Raleigh bikes .	Later , ten speed bikes were in vogue .
She put her newfound cooking knowledge to work for the parties .	The food was a hit and her parties livened up her schedule .
The next thing I remember was people in a circle looking down at me .	I was spreadeagled on the floor , having fainted .
He sometimes finds things to get into .	His mother checked on him when he got quite .
She painstakingly wrote a letter in Spanish to her new pal Juan .	Amy waited anxiously every day for a reply .
Everyone had a great time especially dad .	We go to the ball game once a month now .
She suggested a wonderful picture book about a girl on an adventure .	Tabitha decided to choose that book .
My friend offered to redo the work .	I kindly refused and searched for another person to do the job .
And he struggled with health problems and crime .	Ivan thought the game was depressing and stopped playing .
She put all of my clothes into the dryers .	I thanked her profusely .
She picked up a silly hat and had an idea for a joke .	She bought the hat to do the joke and went home .
The sweater was ruined .	She was disappointed by but got a new one .
I flushed and it overflowed .	I had to sneak out the window .
As a boy he got made fun of a lot .	He knew he trained harder than all of the jocks and he would prove it .
He was fed up , and started to yell at her .	She apologized and promised to keep things cleaner .
I put on my galoshes .	We all went stomping in puddles .
Shannon used to be interested in Jay	Suddenly she stopped replying to Jay .
He wondered if he were getting fired .	But then his manager told him some good news .
The attendant happily poured Ashley a small cup and handed it to her .	In doing so , she accidentally spilled some juice on Ashley .
Megan was playing a videogame her friend had given her .	It involved shooting and stealing .
I woke up in the morning and went to work .	Came home at night and went to sleep .
Chuck wanted to try a new , fancy French restaurant .	His wife Dana hated trying new things and refused to go .
Dan and his brother Rob were playing with a Hot Wheels track .	The boys were neglecting their puppy spot .
Her friend forgave her .	She felt lucky to have a good friend .
Maybelline replied back maybe .	Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date .
A boy was walking through the woods .	He looked around the corner of a tree .
She also has plenty of boots .	She still wants to buy more sandals .
He had her now , but she was still afraid .	He wanted to calm the child 's mind .
The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on .	I was late picking up my son .
She flew home immediately and began taking care of him .	What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving .
However , my sister talked to me about her during the next day .	She said that my cousin was faking the results .
Jason wanted until it was night .	Jason went outside and used his telescope to look at the stars .
It was a hot day outside .	Her ice cream began to melt .
I set up the tree in front of my front room windows .	I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree .
Joel liked being a bully .	He was riding his bike when he saw Brandon from class .
Gina was in the backseat of the car on a road trip .	It was night and her siblings were asleep .
Trenton loved apples .	He decided to plant a tree .
The troupe was returning !	Their boots kicked up massive clouds of dust .
The boy took it home and decided to walk with it on him .	Very shortly after he found twenty dollars on the ground !
Hallie was in Hawaii .	Her parents took her to the beach .
My fiancee introduced her to me in 1981 .	We happened to board her trolley .
Jane misfired accidentally .	She shot her dad in the chest .
Tom was a very healthy guy .	Tom purchased a large bottle of water .
Mike was a procrastinator .	One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car .
When she got to school she could n't find her report .	She ended up failing her History class .
He forgot to set a timer and the pizza burned !	Now the entire family must go out for lunch .
They sat down to eat and Sandy tasted the sauce .	It was not good but he ate it anyway .
She was stressed and anticipating a long moving process .	The moving truck arrived early in the morning .
Even though the rain beat on the roof , I was able to fall back asleep .	When I awoke in the morning , the rain had gone and it was very quiet .
She went next door and asked the neighbor boy if he would do it .	The boy agreed and mowed her lawn for her .
It was pretty amazing to see them with all the fish .	But I think it must have been even better to be a diver .
She did not know what to do .	She ended up taking a cab .
An old man was working in his garden one day .	He heard a loud bang , but was n't sure what it was .
Tim always wanted a new car .	He grew up poor .
Shane did n't want to fight , so he just conceded .	Emma ate the pizza but shared a bite with Shane .
It got so bad I decided to turn around .	At home I called in sick to work .
When Amy was in college she dropped out of a Piano course .	She did n't feel comfortable in class with the teacher .
His mom said no because they could n't afford it .	Luckily , someone behind them offered to buy it for him .
However , she squeezed a lemon into her eye .	It took her several minutes to remove the pain from the stinging .
He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart .	He found him and praised him for his patterns .
Joyce was trying to learn a yoyo trick .	She looked up videos online to try and learn .
He started slow , stopping in many towns along the way .	In three months , Joseph made it halfway across the USA !
She used an old recipe from her grandmother .	She worked all day to make the perfect soup .
He asked if there 's pickles and I immediately said no .	He gave the hamburger back and walked away .
I searched for my keys for the mailbox .	I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door .
He broke his neck and died .	Loyd has never fully recovered from his mother 's constant blame .
He saw some people trying to free a car stuck in the snow .	Bob offered to help push the car out .
He showed up for the interview .	He was so nervous he forgot his resume in the car .
Tito went surfing one morning in Hawaii .	He caught a huge wave .
She climbed on and moved but something felt off .	When she looked she saw that the chains were rusty .
June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter .	She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items .
She got all the fabric she needed and sat down to work .	She sewed for a full day to make the best cat bed she could .
I gathered all of my ingredients : flour , sugar , eggs .	When I mixed all my ingredients I put them in the oven .
Silas had a questionable past .	He spent some time in jail .
Jerry went back to sleep and forgot to check the popcorn .	When he woke up , he checked the popcorn and it was burned .
Rob ran for his high school track team .	He was a sprinter with very fast speed .
A few days later Luna 's stomach was bloated and she was lethargic .	Mary rushed Luna to the vet where they told her Luna needed surgery .
She did not want to miss work because she was sick .	When Diana started to get ready for work she got dizzy .
My sister in law lost her husband last year .	She has been depressed .
There was no reason for them to get home right away .	They decided to take their time and stop at lakes to swim , everyday .
Larry 's basketball team was made of of really short players .	Every week they got beaten by the taller teams .
I went up to the top of a near mountain .	The view was breathtaking .
She was mistaken .	She confused me with another student .
His coworkers noticed that he did this .	They started to blame every error and mistake on him .
Kelsi immediately took her friends inside .	Although inside , the girls still enjoyed the party .
Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough .	Lana was allowed to walk to school if she carried her phone .
She would always freak out whenever someone opened it .	She asked everyone to let her know if they were going over .
He pulled up with 3 seconds left on the clock .	He hit a jumper last second to win the game by 1 point .
I told my friends the story .	We went to look for the house .
Jay watched his dad have coffee every morning .	He begged to have a cup of his own .
Gina could see cars waiting at the stop sign as she drove past .	It was a snowy rush hour so they were backed up .
Katie was getting a new rug .	She needed to get it installed .
He stepped in a puddle and stopped .	Dave tried to find the source of the water .
But the work he had been doing for hours was gone .	Alvin was so angry that he broke his computer .
At the party , a handsome guy and his friends came over to her .	Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous .
She was trying to think of what to be for Halloween .	She decided she would be Elliott from ET .
Mary is a lesbian .	She finally talked to her mother alone .
Dan and his family were watching football .	Dan bet his brother the Giants would beat the Vikings .
Now he feels ready to go .	With his scarf , Lester braves the cold to get coffee .
Annie has an old dog .	The vet says the dog is overweight .
Ginny was playing ball in the house .	Her mom had told her not to .
She decided to join the school 's drama team to see if that would help .	Luckily it helped and she made a new friend .
They playfully started a food fight .	But soon other students had joined in , and it was chaotic !
Frieda wanted some oatmeal .	She decided to boil some milk .
He and a friend rode motorcycles in a canyon .	The earth shook and an avalanche of rocks fell down .
Carly decided to cancel the concert .	She promised her fans another one once she felt better .
Baby Eddie did n't want to sleep .	He fought hard to keep his eyes open as he played .
Amy and Kim stayed over Lynn 's house .	Lynn suggested they sneak to the park .
He would draw them constantly .	His parents decided to bring him to a dragon festival in Chinatown .
I put perfume on this morning .	It smelled very strong .
She drove 200 miles to the nearest store and bought a new one .	When she got home the new file did n't work so she had to go back .
But to her horror , she found that her internet was down !	None of her friends could download anything either .
She tried to ignore it for a few days , but it kept getting worse .	Annie 's mother begged her to get to the dentist to have it checked .
As she got further from the house , she heard a faint barking .	The barking got clearer as she got closer to the creek .
He turns up the volume so loud that you ca n't hear anything else .	One day while he was watching the movie Shane the police came .
Seconds later the chair broke and Dave fell .	Dave got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair .
She spilled them everywhere .	Katie 's parents found out .
His wife had told him she had important news .	He feared something was wrong !
The bacteria were then examined in a microscope .	The bacteria was non harmful .
Tammy and her brother had a great time .	After three hours they walked home hand in hand !
She quickly ordered pizza instead .	Luckily , Pizza is the family 's favorite food .
She thought it might be a personal letter , but read it anyway .	The letter was an insurance paper .
I started my flying lessons and loved them .	Over the next few Year 's , I got very good at flying .
The bird flew off with his sandwich into the sky .	Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home .
Lucy wanted to follow in his footsteps .	Unfortunately she never got any call backs from her auditions .
So far , his boss had n't received anything .	Alex decided to look for a business that could help .
Mike went to a coffee shop one day .	He was sitting in the shop when a woman caught his eye .
Dana said old pictures but she could n't see them .	She went by her mother-in-law 's home and the photos were nude selfies .
On her first drive a car crashed into her car .	It was n't her fault but it still scared her .
Bob filled out the paperwork and gave it to the clerk .	Now Bob 's name is Jack .
I kept her in suspense all day long .	I finally surprised her late that evening .
Tammy needed money badly .	She did not know what to do .
Ava took it inside and made it a home .	Then she fed it by hand every day .
Her first day of class she brought a notebook and pen with her .	She noticed that every other student had a laptop instead .
He would run to the side of the road at the last minute a car came by .	His mom was angry and ran towards him .
Little Timmy loved making home movies .	He would set up elaborate scenes and have his family act things out .
Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods .	He bought the food and went home .
She got a broom and nervously approached the kitchen .	She used the broom handle to tap on various surfaces .
Joe wanted to learn how to breakdance .	He watched various instructional videos on YouTube .
It always barked all night .	So Jim and other neighbors kept complaining .
They did not have a happy marriage .	They tried to fix the marriage but they could not .
I researched Horace on the internet but I could not find anything .	Now I know Horace married a celebrity because I called and asked him .
They had fun trying on dresses but she could n't decide on one .	She finally narrowed it down and texted pictures to her mom .
I through the line out into the water .	I waited for a while until I caught a fish .
But she knew she would n't make it to the toilet .	She pulled her dress down and pooped into the beverage cooler .
The other girl protested and told her to let it go .	They argued over the frog for a minute .
She went to the kitchen to look for something to eat .	She decided to make herself a sandwich .
She is surprised with how much better she starts to feel .	Norma is glad that she has improved her eating habits .
However , one night , both dishwashers are sick .	John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes .
He decided that he would build an adobe she 'd like his grandpa did .	He looked up instructions online and wrote them down .
We did not even have anything sweet .	I ended up wearing some beads at night .
I had the opportunity to play Twister .	In addition , all of us went ice skating late at night .
He tried to quit but failed .	He could n't even stop when his wife begged him .
One day , John told a particularly funny joke and Nick laughed .	Unfortunately , Nick began choking on his banana .
Edith wanted to buy a new pair of earrings .	She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach .
He got ready and went to the grocery store .	There he bought many delicious cheeses .
Not sure if she should clean it or they should she left it alone .	She got an angry call later wondering why she was neglecting it .
She was trying to take her hair out of it 's ponytail .	Somehow , the hair became caught in the tie .
She needed something more durable .	She looked online and found some headphones she liked .
His mother saw the room and was very happy with him .	Jake got to eat pizza later that night .
Tim is my chess partner .	He plays speed chess , in which a player has only 3 minutes .
He knew he was forgetting something !	His mother gave him his backpack before he left .
Before the principal went inside her car , an angry mob appeared .	They were yelling at the principal to reconsider her decision .
I told him the mean was not appropriate for the data set .	He asked me to explain why it was not appropriate .
She took a train ride into Manhattan .	There , she saw the sights .
Darla is an accountant .	However , she always wanted to be an author .
It was his best friend Steve .	Steve brought over a board game .
She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament .	Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats .
The plane began to fall as Jared prepared to tell the passengers .	Suddenly , the plane began to work again and Jared thanked God .
He was n't able to pay him back .	Eventually he got into a lot of legal trouble .
He liked murder not talking animals .	So he would watch crime shows all day .
The father of the child is fighting for custody .	Tim is paying Tina 's lawyer to help her retain custody .
His business did well until a new banana chain opened down the street .	George noticed less and less people buying bananas from him .
The essays were to be no more than five pages long .	Max turned in a paper having written on it only the word this .
She pedaled as fast as she could out of the state park .	Rita will now only go on the trails when she is with friends .
He was struggling to pay his rent on time .	Matt went to his local government assistance office .
Last Saturday , my wife went to a Christmas bazaar .	A local school hosted the bazaar .
Ella is a toddler who likes to play ball .	She can kick and throw the ball .
He has destroyed a few tvs in his lifetime .	He has a tv now but uses it only to watch dvds .
I used to sell books online .	I stored some books in the condo hallway .
A week later , the cat gave birth to kittens .	Melissa and her mom were then the owners of 8 cats .
My friend told me to try a local regression instead .	I agreed and implemented a locally weighted regression algorithm .
She built a tall wall around the garden to protect it .	Now the neighbors never stop and Mavis is lonely in her garden .
He then became good friends with Pam .	The two were married a few years later .
She worked very hard on designing it .	When the candle was finished , it was a beautiful work of art .
He has never been out of the country before so he 's quite nervous .	In order to pass some time , he is planning on taking a nap .
They had standing bets but John usually won .	But on this day it was about to change .
Rachel needed to borrow a pen .	She asked her co worker for one .
It expressed my love for her .	The teacher saw and grabbed the note .
This last weekend he started his own .	It was n't that big but he is still proud of the support .
The movie was terrifying !	Kai and his mom both had a great time !
He thought it must be pretty delicious .	Every time he asked to have some his dad said no .
He said he was man enough to wear it indoors .	Marsha cooked her husband an extra special meal that evening .
Max awoke one night to the smell of smoke .	He opened his bedroom door to see flames across the house .
While on vacation he was going to propose .	At dinner , he popped the question and Liz said no .
He still calls on occasion to update me about work .	Today he called to say his wife was sick with the flu .
She acknowledged a few people .	Then she took a bow and went to her seat .
The director stood on the other side and looked at Mitch .	The overture finished and the director stood still .
He tried finding a safe place to take a nap .	Hallie refused to let him sleep .
Bay was upset .	Her doll had just lost an arm !
Lynsey did not try very hard at her studies .	She preferred to talk to boys and skip class .
I went in and they fixed them .	Then , I was able to go home .
He went into the automatic machine .	Before he noticed he was soaked and soapy .
But it began to rainy .	He thought about turning back .
Lisa was making dinner for her parents .	She made a chicken casserole .
Ani 's brother had his two kids taken away from him by CPS .	They bring the kids to Ani 's house .
Kim felt sorry for her target and she marketed to him a room for rent .	Kim 's target moved into the house with her mother and sister .
Children were constantly getting in my way .	Next time , I will avoid skiing during vacation week .
He ran over to his tv and turned it on .	Ryan placed his new game in his system .
She put the money in a savings account and never touched it .	After one year , she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted .
He quickly assembled his speakers to face his neighbor 's house .	Nick began to play much louder music .
He fell to the floor and started doing push-ups .	He did one hundred and one of them .
They spent all weekend throwing most of her item away .	When they were done , Betsy was shocked to see her house so clean .
I had a really hard time deciding until I saw Cinnamon .	She was standing up and seemed happy unlike the rest .
All of a sudden , he got a call warning about a terrorist threat .	Ted panicked and ran to his apartment to hide .
The guide lead them down the river and the water started churning .	They had such an amazing time on the river that day .
Robbie extorted the rich banker for millions .	He thought he 'd gotten away with it , too .
Cindy awoke in panic when she realized that she was late for work .	She hopped into the shower with her toothbrush .
I pulled over to the shoulder and the wasp flew out .	I was lucky I was n't in an accident due to that awful insect .
Kelly and her friends decided to go for a drive .	The girls wanted to see the town .
Ted lost his car keys .	He looked everywhere for them .
One day , she planned on finding every coin in her house .	She spent hours looking under tables and digging in the couch .
She went to the store and looked around .	She finally found a pair of red high heels .
Kelsi was having her sweet sixteen .	For her party she wanted everything .
We had cats in our workplace .	They were there to control the mice in the building .
He walked into the classroom to see the teacher passing out name-card .	Jon wrote his name on the name-card .
The tires on her car were very bald .	She had to stop suddenly for a kitten crossing the road .
As Chad entered , he had to check his coat .	Chad was hesitant , as he had lost a coat before .
Dan slipped and fell down to the ground very hard .	Pete offered to help him up .
By the time he was 41 , Charles was homeless in a shelter .	A radio station journalist asked him how he felt being homeless ?
Khloe decided to have friends over for a drink night .	She invited several of her good friends for drinks .
The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie .	Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally 's face .
Once he left the house it began to rain .	Paul went back inside to get a rain coat .
Sure enough a baseball went through my window .	End up having to pay a lot of money to repair my window .
George did own a couple of acres of wooded land .	George drew up his dream home plans and set out for the land .
Everyone cheered for her .	The girl was praised the rest of the day in school .
Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas .	Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP .
He told all of his friends about the new items .	His word of mouth helped increased the restaurant 's profit .
He went up to her and planted a kiss on her !	They left together and had lunch not far from the taqueria .
His neighbor came to the door and tried to silence the dogs .	Jake thought that this would be an ongoing problem .
I am so excited for everyone to watch the show .	I will twirl around the stage .
He was waiting to hear back from a recent job interview .	He refreshed his email over and over .
Maddy had never tried coffee before .	Maddy took a big swig of her friend 's coffee .
I practiced acting all the time .	I was great on stage .
Steve thought it was unfair and went to court .	The judge ruled that the ticket was unfair and he did not have to pay .
Alas , he had to go to Malaysia .	He tried to hire a boat .
Lucretia realizes that she needs to see if there is any new mail .	She talks down to the mailbox to check .
After the game , Jim could n't find his phone .	Jim was very sad and continued to search for the phone all night .
He slept so long on Sunday night that he slept through his monday job .	While he slept , he dreamed about being rich .
She could n't afford to travel this year .	She felt so bored and alone that day .
There , he admired the architecture .	He also enjoyed the yummy street food .
As he jogs more , he finds himself becoming stronger .	Finally Jasper runs in a local marathon .
Her lawyer called me after the funeral to talk about some things .	To my surprise , my grandmother had left me 100 acres of her land !
His cat was keeping him up all night .	Jim decided to play with his cat .
I searched every inch of my house looking for the family heirloom .	I went to bed that night , tears streaming down my face .
On the trail in front of them was a huge brown bear .	It had noticed them at the same time they had noticed it .
Garry and Frank met up at their usual hunting spot .	Frank was glad that he got the opportunity to go hunting with Gary .
Manny was driving down the street when he saw a car wreck .	He got out of the car to investigate .
He decided he wanted to learn how to play it .	George 's mother took him to a music teacher .
Then , he dumped a handful of pine needles in .	His wife turned on the outside porch light and rolled her eyes at him .
The new Windows phone was coming out .	Carrie was super excited .
The vcr did not record properly and we returned it .	We ended up getting a dvr in 2015 .
When it looked safe , the bird got closer .	He landed on a tree branch and looked for a cat .
Each morning he got up two hours early to peddle his papers .	And within a month he 'd earned enough for a big new bike !
Emma needed a haircut .	She went to a salon .
It went right through their neighbor 's window .	Bobby went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry .
The kids were all very excited .	They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art .
Kayla went for a manicure .	She chose a pretty pink nail polish .
Gina went to her teacher requesting his desk be moved .	The teacher was hesitant initially .
My wife masqueraded as Sponge Bob , and I wore a transit outfit .	We had a lot of fun , and took plenty of photos .
Desmond checked his phone for any emergency notifications .	He saw that there would be extreme flooding in his area soon .
I decided to eat rice .	I cooked it in a rush .
Tara wanted to be a better role model for her child .	She was using a lot of curse words around her child .
When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe .	He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor .
Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives .	Jake dumped Samantha , but she got asked on a date by a fireman .
The rescue crews works all day and night to save people .	After the waters went down there was nothing left .
I went there after they said it would be done .	I had to wait 15 minutes longer than I was told .
I collect old photographs .	My favorite period is definitely the American Civil War .
I decided to just go and eat my favorite food .	A friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order .
He called up the TV station to let them know his rage .	John felt better once he made the call .
I read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention .	I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise .
Tomas tears his pectoral .	Tomas ca n't lift weights for 3 more months .
His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software .	And when Po used his computer next , the internet was working again .
Unfortunately however , my car broke down .	I then decided to call repairs .
I checked my pockets , but noticed I forgot my ID .	I ran out to my car , found my ID and returned to the counter .
His mom told him he could get a nightlight .	Ben got a cute little nightlight .
Her grades have been steadily declining as a result .	Her parents took her phone away from her until she gets her grades up .
Johnny set out to make a nice dinner .	He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables .
She fell on the floor and was n't able to get up .	I had to take her to the hospital .
I finally had enough money so I ordered one online .	When it arrived , I invited my friends over .
Once he gave the final wipe the window was spotless .	He was so proud that he took a picture of the clear window .
She oversaw the build of a huge underwater net .	The net helped keep whales off the beach , saving their lives .
She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke .	Candy had finally burned a ham .
I found a few termites one day the kitchen .	I called the exterminator .
Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house .	Because Tommy 's lemonade was delicious , his stand was a huge success .
Aaron was running late for a date .	So he was driving 60 in a 30 .
The first time I was hit by a drunk driver was scary .	I was just driving down the street in my small car .
Janet got in trouble at work for being rude to customers .	There were many complaints made about Janet .
I took my dog on a walk this morning .	She started following a scent .
Suddenly , her teacher informed her that she was missing a requirement .	She had to add a 3D element to her piece .
I spent most of my time working to make some extra cash .	However , on one weekend night , I ran into this gorgeous girl .
He was required to take a poetry class .	He did not appreciate the class .
Bob could not sleep due to hearing police sirens all night .	He arrived at his business meeting extremely tired .
He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more .	One morning he decided to stop and get coffee .
He had fun on the road trip .	He had a memorable vacation at the Grand Canyon .
He felt nervous .	He went in and heard so many noises .
She wanted to trust that her boyfriend was faithful .	On his birthday she planned to surprise him at his place .
The guest star portrayed a woman prisoner .	I was watching a movie later and recognized the same star .
Lily tried to bake a cake for her son .	She wanted to shape it like a dinosaur .
It was the end of the game and the scores were tied with Bill at bat !	Bill focused and hit a hard home run , winning his team the game !
Lisa promised to buy plenty of cookies from Anne .	Anne waited all day , but Lisa never arrived at the bake sale .
Wesley raced towards Ben , meaning to push him in the water .	Ben played varsity football , however , and easily avoided Wesley .
He always ended up getting his phone frozen .	Chris missed the time when smart phones did n't exist .
He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed .	The guards at the prison where he 's now housed also enjoy show tunes .
Amy was starting Junior High .	She got up extra early to get dressed .
They had secretly booked him a trip out of town .	He could not believe it when they all surprised him with the gift .
We stayed in contact throughout the years .	We both have children of our own now .
They boys had a fishing trip planned .	They bought all their supplies .
Tom went out to the club last night .	After a few drinks , he went out to the dance floor .
He dreamed too much .	And he never accomplished anything .
I like a cool apartment .	My girlfriend prefers a warm apartment .
He confessed that he was addicted to drugs .	I decided to take him to a psychologist .
He asked a volunteer to get the player 's autograph .	The volunteer promised to try but said it would be difficult .
Lenny and Sheila celebrated their 40th Anniversary by taking a trip .	They visited the art gallery where they first met each other .
Greg needed to wake up for school .	He was so tired that he kept hitting snooze on his alarm .
First he memorized the alphabet .	Then he began sounding out simple , easy words .
Just then the door swung open .	A man with a sinister grin greeted her .
One of her friends suggested that she see a dermatologist .	After some thought , she made an appointment with the dermatologist .
They stole the teachers eraser and started to throw it around .	Elena did n't approve of what they were doing and told the teacher .
When Billy was five he went to the beach for the first time .	A wave knocked him over and he nearly drowned .
The children wanted to make a fort .	They gathered all the cardboard boxes they could .
Suddenly he heard a terrible racket !	When he looked out his mirror he could see rubber flopping around .
Molly had fallen asleep with her hair in a bun .	Now , her hair was very tangled .
She wondered why she had bought them all .	Then after dinner that night she got a surprise .
My friend got into a car accident yesterday .	She was on her way home from work and hit a deer .
She carried the pot to her table to serve some .	She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound .
He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over .	Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue .
He followed his suspect very carefully and apprehended him .	After apprehending the suspect , he questioned him intensely .
He died over and over again and almost gave up .	He keep trying and finally beat the game .
Bob shoveled his driveway .	Bob 's car had a clear path to the road .
My daughter bought me a Holga camera for Christmas .	It is a plastic camera that uses 35mm film .
Then she found out he was the manager .	She worried the joking may have been too familiar .
He put the cookies in when it was hot enough .	To be safe , Earl set three different timers .
He had recently been diagnosed with diabetes .	Yet he continued to eat and drink foods high in sugar .
He was excited to finally be able to ride the coaster .	He rode it three times that day .
I cut the plastic with a knife to fit the windows .	I taped and stapled the plastic to the windows .
Jane has been unemployed for Years .	She wants a job but has had trouble finding one .
He decided to stop following the trail .	Andy got lost in the forest .
He made snacks in anticipation of the premiere .	As they gathered around the tv the news began .
Jenn came home from work for her lunch hour .	When she got to the front door something smelled really good .
My family was moving to a new city .	My siblings were nervous about the new home .
The added weight helped her burn more calories .	Soon May was burning extra calories and losing weight daily !
The message he was told to paint was spelt wrong but he did n't care .	He felt his job was in the painting and not the spelling .
The game the system came with was Sonic the Hedgehog .	Rob thought the game was going to be boring .
The articles were interesting , but made me sleepy .	I started to fall asleep in my chair .
Last December , it was so cold , he finally had to wear jeans .	But as soon as it was no longer sub-zero , he wore shorts again .
Finally Amy spotted him holding hands with another girl .	Amy sat through the whole movie in a stunned silence .
After a little while , they realized a piece was missing .	They looked all over the house , but could not find the piece .
She made sure her harness was double-checked for security .	Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform .
She decided to send them to bed early .	Her children hated the new bedtime .
She was crying as she explained to an officer .	He smiled and offered her something to eat .
I went on walmart 's website and found the perfect toy for infants .	It teaches colors , shapes , music in three different languages .
Robin could n't wait to get home to play with the stolen toy .	When she got home , though , she buried the doll in her yard .
We sat her in her high chair and put the cake in front of her .	She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cak
Shana 's friend Amy was getting married .	Shana decided to throw her a surprise shower at work .
They felt very comfortable after that .	Ana and her friends had a great time !
Gina had 3 books on dolphins from her library .	The first one was n't what she expected .
He was a very frugal man .	He decided to order socks online .
Daddy brought home a tree house today .	We are going to build it together .
Jake found a really nice leather computer chair on craigslist .	Jake was able to buy the chair for $ 50 used .
He worked hard and is excited to start his new job as a cop .	He quickly found out that being a cop is n't what he expected .
Jay went to his friends house for christmas .	He had nothing else to do for christmas .
He found a program that can help him make the change he wants .	He signed up , made his goals , and got to work .
Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air !	Dan thought he 'd struck oil !
Unexpectedly she bumped into someone .	That person was a famous actor , and they both apologized .
Bob decided to write a story about his time in the military .	Bob submitted his story to the green apple publishing company .
Sometimes , Ted misses a step in his nightly ritual .	On those nights , he tosses and turns and ca n't sleep .
Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid .	One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser .
We had orange juice to drink .	Mommy woke up the next morning all better .
When I was little I loved climbing .	I would climb walls , play sets and especially trees .
She told him the doctor would be in shortly .	She left the room and closed the door .
Kevin walked over to the car and recognized the guy behind the wheel .	It was one of his closest friends from high school smoking in his car .
She joined a club at her university .	She was terrible !
My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese as well .	He tried to then use it as a cane , since he needed one .
Lance bought a new lamp .	He was unsure about it .
When Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned .	He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy .
Sally saw another little girl on her walk .	Sally talked to the little girl .
Although they were expensive , she bought them .	When she got them home , she decided to put them on .
At the interview , the employer told her he could n't hire her .	Jenna found out it was because of her blue hair .
Pedro went to feed his dog , Rufus but could n't find him anywhere .	He looked all over the house and in the yard and asked his parents .
He made a small error .	It cost us $ 50 less in refunds .
When the Anthony reunion invitations went out , everyone came .	All guest arrived the following day .
I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items .	After cleaning out the fridge , I had to take my trash out to the can .
Amy had been avoiding her friends all day .	Now she was sitting on the porch enjoying the fall sun .
It always had its blinds down .	A very large woman came to the door .
Paul dreamed of seeing the ocean .	He spent his whole life in Arizona .
The teacher took her students on a field trip .	They misbehaved .
When the dismissal bell rung , he held the class .	Everyone was late to their next class .
Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar .	The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile .
He whimpers and hides in his cage .	He wo n't come out until the storms pass .
He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work .	Embarrassed , he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on .
At dinnertime , she came downstairs dressed in a clown suit .	I grounded her .
I pulled over to change it .	I could n't find the spare .
He takes many pictures of it .	Jason drives home after his trip .
We all picked the same toppings .	It was weird but interesting .
Suzie drew scattered lines across the paper , seemingly randomly .	Her grandmother tried to engage her in conversation .
Sally came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup .	Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup .
The beggar told him tales of his travels and woes .	The rich man gave him 23 cents and walked on .
I tried to give up soda .	I bought a lot of fruit to make smoothies with .
She decided to practice on her dog .	She combed out his fur , and started cutting .
I use it for playing old CD-ROM games .	I will need to upgrade its memory next .
Since the customer requested medium rare beef , it was n't cooked much .	The customer received his food within several minutes and ate it .
Finally we decided to get one last week .	We picked a rescue from the local pound .
He booked a flight to the Middle East .	Tim joyously explored all the ancient sites to be found there .
I walked into the lobby of the small practice .	I waited patiently for my name to be called .
Joe killed Wayne .	Wayne 's sister , Wanda killed Joe .
Michael wanted to earn good grades .	He would study all day .
He finished all his chores after dinner so he could watch it .	He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink .
A church across the street was being demolished .	Gina and her family gathered in the front yard .
Sam loved Halloween	He started working on his costume early .
Cindy was mad at her puppy .	It ruined her couch .
One day , Jack was followed home .	Careless Jack is now a dead man , and his fate was sad .
I took my sons to their first concert .	We had great seats down front in the second row
Gina was getting on the highway .	She could see the traffic was barely moving .
So he had 3 double cheeseburgers , large fries , and drinks .	After eating , he made his way to the stadium .
He got all his baseball gear ready .	He put on his baseball uniform and fitted his mitt .
Her friend Tom said they should have a party .	She decided to bring the glow sticks to the party .
I put a large book on the surface and the table suddenly collapsed .	I grabbed my tools and worked hard on fixing it .
He scratched it off hoping his luck was changing .	He won $ 10,000 on the spot !
I stupidly decided to take off my screen protector yesterday .	As a result , it ended up breaking .
Thinking the warning was an overreaction , Ed did n't evacuate .	Instead , he hunkered down in his basement .
Ray had been a fan since he was a kid .	Every chance he got he would try and catch a game .
He tried a third , but they had closed early that night !	Finally Noah bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !
He decided to find a better job .	He was offered a programming apprenticeship in Saint Louis .
Finally Lenore thought of a great solution .	She bought him a robotic puppy to play with .
She went into his room and read to him .	She read three chapters , until his eyes closed .
They had made it more than halfway through the game .	Then , Katie needed a specific card for her turn .
They were headed to Mexico .	On the way there they stopped near the border .
She had jumped onto a bag of aluminum cans I was saving for recycling .	The bag was not closed properly and cans went flying everywhere .
Chris was out hiking at night .	Suddenly he realized that he was lost .
Ada 's school was passing out Valentines .	She was sad because she doubted she 'd get any .
Sometimes , it was so exhausting , she thought of giving up .	Jes persevered , and after two years , earned her teaching degree .
She apologized profusely .	Then , she wished her a happy birthday .
Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards .	Zach has to pay Troy $ 100 for the wager that he made .
Looking for a job was n't as easy as it had been when she was younger .	No matter how hard she tried she could n't get an interview .
So she searched her dad 's wallet .	And then she put a 20 dollar bill in the tube .
I could tell the substitute was overwhelmed after a few days .	So , I was not surprised when he quit .
She had an appointment and could not buy it right then .	When Marty went to the store the angel was already gone .
But every year , she noticed fewer and fewer people there .	Laura asked the owner about the falling popularity .
I began watching my macronutrients and intake .	I also began working out .
She stretched her arms out in order to reach it .	However , the rest of her body fell out of the bed .
He loved the Orangutans the most .	He told his friends about the zoo and brought them there later .
When they got there , her sister was n't at the seats .	When the match started , they realized her sister was in the derby .
Tom loved music .	He would always listen to music .
The order was fairly simple and I did not expect a mix up .	However , when my pizza arrived , it had no toppings .
Lucy gave Bob some medicine that she use to take .	Within hours Bob started feeling better .
The little boy fumbled with the new tool .	After a while , he caught on and cut straight lines .
Trevor went to the lake one day to fish .	Trevor sat down by the lake and threw out a fishing line .
She gathered all of her recipes and made a grocery list .	She went to the store to buy all of the ingredients for the dishes .
Then one day she snagged the arm on a nail .	The sweater ripped !
We visited Philadelphia in 2005 .	We took the train from Boston .
His dad was at work , and his mother was in her garden out front .	He decided he would sneak and play Nintendo .
He called around to some local barbers .	Luke rode his bike to the barbershop .
David had soccer practice in the morning .	But he quickly noticed the weather getting hotter .
Joan was hungry , but there was nothing good to eat in the house .	She had to decide whether to go to the grocery store or order food in .
Ida approached him and comforted him .	Then she led him to the front of the store .
Kay was at the laundromat washing her clothes .	They only had high efficiency washers which Kay did n't really like .
Tim was having a fun time with his friends .	He wished the moment would last forever .
I had to wait a week for the snow to melt .	In all that time I was unable to check my mail .
She was told she would be working in the stockroom .	She was to take things out of boxes to put on the floor .
Kelly and her family moved abroad .	She did n't know a word of the local language .
Dan bought a ticket to a dance in Estonia .	He 'd never been to one before .
He decided to blow off some steam when he got off .	He went home and changed his clothes , then went to the bar .
Then it became apparent that her boyfriend was manipulative .	He tried to control what she did , wore , and who she saw .
She only had her for a few months .	One day , she forgot to close a window .
Jim got up and argued with him .	The man decided to throw a punch at Jim .
Today I drove to the library in order to meet up with my group .	I ran into Sarah and Lucy who were apart of my group .
Tyler bought himself a skateboard .	He began practicing .
Gina was determined to prove she had changed .	She focused on her schoolwork and avoided trouble the whole time .
Cindy knew there were hungry groundhogs in the area .	She put up a short fence around her garden to protect it .
I went to get bagels at the coffee shop .	There was a really pretty girl there too .
She did n't need to prove herself at all .	She was a tenured faculty member from the start .
Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah .	Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins .
Nancy bought her dog a squeaky stuffed animal .	The dog loved it and carried it around constantly for days .
Things seemed hopeless for a little while .	Fortunately , my dad was able to bounce back .
He felt immediately better after eating .	Jake was able to continue working after his snack .
He rotely followed the commands of the tutorials .	Upon simply trying to build websites from scratch , he improved .
Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone .	Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck !
Tina wanted to go on a date with brian .	He finally asked her out .
Jim gained weight after eating poorly .	He tried to put a belt on but it would not fit .
I saw one that really caught my eye .	I brought it to the clerk and bought it .
I cut myself !	I had to go to the hospital for medical aid .
They wore costumes and choreographed a routine .	Henry 's band won first place .
Jim felt excited and rushed to check out the selection .	He happily walked out after buying three colorful pairs of shoes .
Since he saw no one coming , he rolled through it .	An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim .
Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom .	When her mom went to the bathroom Gina sprung into action .
He hosted parties with lines of the finest cocaine .	But the bubble burst and now he was scoring crack .
He looked all around his office , to no avail .	He borrowed money from a friend for lunch .
They were about to board when an attendant approached them .	She let them know that first class seats had become available .
His mom installed it right away .	Alex got to ride home in his new seat .
She had all her friends over .	This morning though , she realized she had a test .
He did fifty push ups a day .	Until one day he hurt his arm .
Before we start the care , he makes sure I buckle myself in .	One day another car hit us while we were driving .
She was talking to her friends about it and they knew of him .	They all told her that he was a sexist jerk .
When the cousin went to the swimming hole , Dan followed .	The cousin dared Dan to dive from a high overhanging rock .
I dug them out of the closet and tossed them in the trash .	I was sad all day long .
At the time of the contest she felt prepared .	One the contest started she got right to work .
The Johnson were dismayed about the bad timing .	Mr Johnson decided to take his family out for a walk .
The puppeteer was hired for the child 's birthday party .	He unpacked his puppets from the suitcase .
She decided to move closer to the beach .	She now only drive 5 minutes to get to the beach .
The team had been losing and the game was almost over .	Suddenly , Sophia had the ball and decided to try for a goal .
The large old church was like a maze .	She pushed open a set of large double doors .
He bought the game that he wanted and saved the rest of the money .	He still mows lawns and can always buy the next game !
She traced the route in red and put the map in her car .	Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove .
A fire was quickly born that consumed the tiny building .	If it were not checked it would consume the entire castle .
I saw a friendly-looking goat , and wanted my picture taken with it .	I carefully approached the goat as my Aunt snapped pictures .
After Years of trying to meet another man , she lost hope .	Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life .
Dan decided he would go to a local night club .	After finding something to wear , Dan drove to the club .
She finally made an appointment with the doctor .	While waiting to go in , she had a special feeling in her belly .
As he was trying to unlock the wheel , the car flipped over .	Luckily , Benny came out safe .
She prepared his favorite meal and wrapped a baby bottle up as a gift .	When Joe opened his gift they celebrated their pregnancy together !
The party was outside and it was a hot summer night .	Amy tried to keep cool , but she still ended up sweating .
Cassie was the town 's prettiest girl .	Jason played the game , but he ended up losing .
I told Fred 's wife about how Fred said she is spoiled .	She kiddingly said he is the spoiled one .
He bought a lottery ticket with the money .	He scratched off his ticket and saw the numbers .
She found Tina holding the cat under the faucet .	Tina said she was seeing how many lives the cat had left .
As he was about to eat the top scoop of ice cream fell .	Jake was sad about his loss and ate the rest of his cone .
She appealed to the Syrian rebels for help .	The Syrian rebels found her son in a Daesh camp .
He decided to coffee stain the piece to hide the stain .	When he entered the painting , he did very well and won second place .
When Henry 's mom came home , she started to arrange the house .	In addition , she ended up moving Henry 's homework .
Skip 's family rented a beach house in Florida for a week .	On the third morning the house caught on fire .
Andrew had a favorite band .	His favorite band was coming to town to play a concert in a few weeks .
At 3 AM , Cindy called the police to complain .	But minutes later , the party stopped .
I played Monopoly with my kids last night .	I am very competitive , so I did n't go easy on them .
Tammy really missed riding her favorite horse Bongo .	When Tammy came home she took Bongo out for a ride .
Anthony had been in trouble before , but nothing like this .	The police showed up in an alley where he and some friends exercised .
One day Saul cheated on Sarah and hurt her .	Now she likes Nate for she is not a child anymore .
When she walked in the house she smelled something good .	It was freshly baked cookies .
Amy was on a canoe trip .	She pushed her canoe off the river bank .
Ed had just received his first paycheck .	But he had no bank account !
Then she found her seat .	She took a deep breath and prepared for take off .
The electricity around the neighborhood turned off .	Nancy searched for candles inside of her house .
He thought it would be a lot of fun .	HE paid a tour guide for a tour .
The co-worker took Amy to get frozen yogurt .	It was Amy 's first time trying frozen yogurt .
Then we got a flea collar for the cat .	After a few days our bites went away .
When she went to school , she was very scared .	Karen 's teacher turned out to be very nice .
Mitch decided to call his friend and find out what happened .	Mitch 's friend was at another art gallery and they both laughed .
Danny tried to make his dog pee outside .	As the dog was walking , it did n't stop anywhere .
She put up advertisements online .	She found another girl of similar age interested .
A friend in college said he needed spiritual enlightenment .	Audrey prayed and meditated and then sat down to write .
Instead of hitting the ball , she threw the bat .	The audience had to move to the side to avoid the hit .
Maria always found cards when she went walking on the streets of NYC .	They were old playing cards , such as the 2 of clubs , or 3 of spades .
Nevertheless , here she was with her husband at the sixth hole .	Getting bored , Jane bet her husband that he would miss his putt .
My son plays hockey for his college .	During one game , he injured his shoulder .
He went through many options .	Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan .
They then had dinner at a nearby lodge .	They went back to the cabin and went to sleep .
She was agitated by the upcoming meeting at company headquarters .	Once aloft , the plane was rocked by severe turbulence , causing panic .
I just started using my virtual keyboard .	It ended up being a waste of money .
But he realizes that he ca n't find his wallet .	After searching his entire house he still ca n't find it .
He walked to the window and watched people come into his bank .	When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk .
The boys had great seats in the Luxury box .	As the game started , it was great that the Red Sox were winning .
I ran into a can of ravioli .	I heated the ravioli for 2-3 minutes before eating it .
Rodney had gotten his friend a great Christmas gift .	He invited her over to celebrate the holiday .
He went to the store to get his bike .	Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike .
He put it on the shelf anyway .	The next customer in the store grabbed that coke for his meal .
He once went to a nice Italian restaurant with his family .	He decided he would order a pasta with a nice bolognese sauce .
It was their last day and they were deciding what to do .	They could not figure out which attraction they wanted to visit .
The Miller family bought a new house .	The moving truck pulled up with all their old stuff .
All of the book stores were selling them for over a hundred dollars .	Finally yesterday I saw a book on Amazon for four dollars .
I cried until my nose bled .	My grandparents called to talk to my mom .
He placed the book on the couch when he got home from the bookstore .	Jack did n't see his dog in the living room .
Afterwards she would work on her report .	Three hours later , Gina was outside playing with Lucy .
Clint and Tabatha walked the aisle , preparing for what was to come .	Everything was perfect .
His mom went to work with rubber bands and dye .	She made him a better tie dye shirt than any in stores !
There were no other kids on their block .	She was playing in the yard when a car pulled up .
He noticed his old neighbor was shoveling .	He went over and snowblowed for him .
Her mother grounded her to her room .	Her siblings found out why she was in trouble .
The park was near a lake .	They brought sandwiches and pie .
Bo found a bag of money on a park bench and held it close .	He saw his friend emerge from a behind a tree to greet him .
Things seemed boring and quiet .	Amanda decided to surprise her friends with popcorn .
100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game	Joey and Jeff battled it out for the money
I saw an old friend today .	We had not seen each other in a long while .
We adopted a beautiful lab .	We named her Ella .
They could not decide what to do .	Jamie did not want to go to a movie .
As soon as they entered the park the youngest girl ran away .	Tegan searched and searched for her .
Jenna decided to start a diary .	She started to write all of her secrets in the diary .
She started by separating whites and colors .	Then , she started one wash .
She decided to change it to March .	However , her mother June was n't happy about it .
Gina was unaware of this .	One day , Martin wrote Gina a love letter .
But Sandra 's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space .	But Sandra scolded her over chores and still would n't let her drive .
Although no one knew him and felt awkward , he tried to be nice .	He simply spent all night eating food .
One day she left the walkman in her backpack on the school bus .	When she went to retrieve her backpack it felt lighter .
While out , he spots a nice buck 20 yards away .	He takes aim and releases an arrow at the buck .
He had been bothering her for hours .	The teacher asked her why she threw the book .
One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street .	She rushed over only to find an ice cream shop .
Alicia was impressed by his work and she was attracted to him as well .	The two began dating and soon after Alicia became pregnant .
Cole jumped into a puddle of mud by the entrance .	Alex became angry and scolded Cole .
The dog 's owner yelled for it to stop but it ran faster .	Robin was n't sure what to do so she just braced herself .
I threw the steak over the fence to the dog .	He ate it very slowly and it was finally quiet .
They were scratching vigorously at the door .	I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen .
At night , his closet light was always turned on .	One night , Harry suddenly feared the space under his bed .
Lisa 's mom arrived and Lisa left .	Lucy waved goodbye as the car drove off .
Her friends invited her to a Christmas party .	She attended .
But she was afraid !	She was a scaredy-cat .
Tom rented a jet ski .	Tom had a lot of fun on the jet ski .
Soon after drinking the tea , his sore throat subsides .	Larry is happy he has done something about his sore throat .
He won on the first coin toss , then offered to double the bet .	When he tossed the coin , it rolled and fell through a grate .
He took out his only belt and put that on too .	The belt was very tight on Jay .
Shawn went to the top of his barn and took off in the contraption .	Unexpectedly , he flew up into the air like a bird .
I told her it 's ok and that everything will be just fine .	I hugged her and let her know everything will be ok .
They were not going to let it happen again .	They ran top speed to Lynn 's house .
He engaged his newly installed nitro .	The nitro exploded and flipped his car .
Pablo joined the football team and helped win the first game .	Pablo 's performance made him popular and no one bothered him again .
After she washed the dishes , she drained the water .	When the sink was empty she realized it was coated in mold .
When Kelly go home from school she smelled something bad .	She went upstairs and realized her parents were painting the room .
He picked up a random object and pretended to be interested .	The owner came over and talked to the man .
After getting in the house she felt bad .	She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids .
The morning of the quiz , he crammed .	And he did great on the quiz !
Water started to back up through the shower drain and filled the tub .	Jen quickly shut the water off and the water stopped rising .
She decided to take a vegan cooking class .	Amy took notes , and paid attention .
Cam was walking his dog one day when they had some trouble .	Another dog attacked them , and Cam had to break them apart .
I was driving a truck .	I was very tired .
Mary started to cry .	Mary went home very upset about her first day of preschool .
Gina was on the phone with her friend Drea .	Drea felt betrayed that Gina chose to go to North High .
His dog is blue .	Everything he owns is blue .
She asked the coach for help .	The coach gave her drills to do .
Then she remembered that her car was out of gas !	Ivy had no choice but to walk all the way there .
Then , her friend offered to give her her old tree .	Laney thanked her a ton .
I used to be her for Halloween .	I had her toy doll in my room .
But at long last , her birthday arrived .	Bella had a huge party with all of her friends .
He had an apartment with some other guys .	He ran out of the groceries his mother had stocked up for him .
But then one magazine gave him great news .	They were going to pay him to publish his story !
I looked into it and found that it could be very interesting .	I started out by turking 10 days in a row and making about 30 cents .
He searched online for the best travel location .	Dylan found the perfect place !
But he knew his mom could n't afford a haircut on her tight salary .	Ike , resolute , went to the school with his head held high .
Mary tripped over a bump on the ground while she was running .	She landed on her knee which immediately started bleeding .
She tumbled all the boxes down the stairs to save time .	The boxes were a bit crumpled but still in good shape .
Lewis noticed that it was a shiny silver dollar .	Lewis decided to keep the lucky silver dollar .
A girl asked him to dance and he had to say yes .	He was glad his mom made him go so he could dance with this girl .
Padraig chose a spot to dig in the dirt .	After days , he found a large skull of a reptile .
Two young women came to the house , but her son refused to meet them .	He told his mother to leave him alone .
Usually she poops on us .	That 's when we put her back in her cage .
The puppy ran right up to Marshall and licked his face .	Marshall 's parents let him keep the puppy .
Yesterday Kevin proposed to his girlfriend Candy .	He took her to the local baseball arena and got down on one knee .
The car could n't move since it was in the water .	Luckily , the driver came out of the lake safely .
Once we reached the targeted area , we used shovels to dig the ground .	We noticed a treasure chest in the ground .
I could n't sleep and was tossing and turning all night .	I got up and walked around the yard to try and burn some energy .
He has to drive back home in order to get money .	Finally he returns to the store with money to buy the shampoo .
Desmond and Alexis are brother and sister .	They both love dinosaurs .
Bill was recently invited to the movies with a coworker .	Bill was excited to get out the house and see a movie .
She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping .	She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater .
All of their friends and family came to celebrate with him .	At the end of the day , everyone was very tired .
Cal got salt and turquoise for her pelts .	She was very happy with her trade !
Her friends agreed and they left a week later .	On the trip , they had a great time and created amazing memories .
Sue was home all day with their two small children .	She finally told Ted she felt trapped without a car all day .
Rhonda 's teacher asked the students to draw their families .	Rhonda drew an ideal family , with a pretty mom and a dad in a suit .
Stella loved to cook , but was not always attentive .	This caused her problems .
Cade 's mom decides to home-school him instead .	Now he is learning a lot of new things .
He cringed fearfully in the back of his kennel when she approached .	Gradually , he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand .
Joe took his clothes out of the wash .	He normally use a machine dryer .
At first Alex was hesitant about moving next store to his parents .	Although he soon realized how expensive everyday things are .
Brad felt like he wasted his time on the shelter .	The next week scientists said a meteor was headed to earth .
He thought deeply about how and why his tastes changed .	He realized he enjoyed more complex music in his adulthood .
They also left the bag on the table without throwing it away .	Sandy noticed that her chips were gone and became mad .
Sadie was disappointed , but stayed hopeful .	She knew there were millions of other publishing agencies to try .
Mark was with his son at the library .	Suddenly , he noticed a man walking around with a big bag .
Carls mom makes the best banana sandwich .	She never revealed her secret ingredient though .
He was traveling to Las Vegas every weekend and coming home broke .	She decided not to cook or have sex with him .
He was caught throwing rocks .	Her father dragged the boy into the house .
Within months , his investment grew .	Chase will be able to go to college one day .
A woman was looking for change in her purse to get her son a snack .	I gave them the rest of my change and walked off feeling good .
She is so happy because she never thought she 's find love .	She has all these plans to have kids with her husband .
Jackie had to quickly call the fire department .	The firemen saved her house but Jackie did not get any pizza .
Killy was 9 months pregnant and almost ready to pop .	As she was walking around outside , she felt sharp pains .
Lucy wanted to buy a new car .	She visited some car dealerships .
I was dating a girl .	She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me .
Her eyes fell on the girl 's toy box , and she was suddenly inspired .	Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt !
He opened up a stall out in front of his house with the jars .	However , nobody seemed to want to buy his onions .
Next , she tried the spearmint candy .	Jess walked out of the store with one of each flavor of candy .
A large fish suddenly jumped out of the water .	In addition , it smacked Henry on the chest .
It took about three hours she said .	She told me the worst part was the chemical smell .
She saved her money for a long time .	When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store .
Lea , from Florida , was visiting her uncle in Minnesota .	He was going to show her ice fishing for the first time .
He took Jake out to his favorite restaurant	Jakes mood improved and he was very appreciative
It is her favorite piece .	This year her dog knocked it over and shattered it .
She made him remove his shirt so she could iron it .	Then she sent him on his way , looking much better !
She prepared by sharpening her pencil .	She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous .
The Smith family loved to go on day trips on their boat in the summer .	One day , they decided it would be fun to take the kids to a new place .
The bus was full of people and luggage was piled on top .	The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy .
Monica was at an auction .	She saw a rocking chair that she really wanted .
Ed and his friends wanted to make s'mores .	But they did n't have any chocolate .
Everyone else agreed that was against the rules .	We all punched him in the arm as a punishment .
I ended up breaking it in multiple places and called 911 .	I went to the hospital and got properly treated .
My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom .	Before the discussion started , my math teacher went to the bathroom .
He would glue pennies to the sidewalk .	And trip people all the time .
I was depressed .	I decided to see a therapist .
Shari joked around too much .	She made people laugh but they would soon grow tired of her antics .
The salesperson picked out a pretty dress for Cara .	It fit her perfectly and so she decided to buy it .
She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed .	Someone called the front desk for help .
In the meeting , his potential new employer , Ted , was brusque .	Deflated , Steve left , sure he had no chance but later , Ted called .
They waited for hours , but the fish were n't biting .	Just as they were preparing to leave , Bo got a tug on his rod .
One of the little girl 's got a new dress and showed her friends .	One of the other girls said the new dress was ugly .
But he did n't feel very motivated to finish it .	His break ended lasting 2 hours .
Orange was a playful kitten .	When Judy was at work Orange scratched up the couch .
Gina paid for her treats and they left the store .	When they got a block away Ruth pulled cookies from her shirt .
Carl and Pablo were playing video games .	But they only had one controller because their 2nd one broke .
Just as he reached for it , his coworker grabbed it .	His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away .
Stephen wanted to have a house party .	He invited some friends .
They could n't settle the debate after hours of discussion .	They decided to ask an expert to settle it .
One day , her friend said something horrible .	They yelled at each other .
Then , she voted for her preferred candidate .	She was glad when he won later that evening .
That 's when his sister realized the stench was coming from his mouth .	When he went to the doctor they found he had a mouth infection .
They had a good game , but Charles lost in the end	He realized that he did n't always have to be so competitive
Sandra asked her what was wrong .	The little girl said she was locked out of her house .
He determined he was adopted and wanted to give his mom respect .	On , what he thought , was his last visit he saw he looked like his mom .
We helped them move and waved goodbye .	They moved back to New England in 2001 , much to our joy .
John had a strong fear of the devil .	His mother warned him not to ever sin .
She found two dogs she wanted .	Her dad felt bad so got them both .
Jerry cleaned up the mess with a towel .	Afterwards , he drove to Starbucks to buy a coffee .
Her mom walked her to her bedroom when they got to the house .	She had put Wendy 's toys and furniture in it so she 'd feel at home .
Greg went out to take a walk	He went to the grocery store .
The group was walking by the sidewalk .	A pick-up truck drove by .
Our knees are bent and we are focused counting out with anticipation .	Here she comes , muscles tense , shouting encouragement .
When it arrived Alex 's mom was furious .	His dad made the final decision to allow him to keep the Nintendo .
He was n't sure he would get along with all of the girls .	The teacher said it was time to find a partner .
She carried it with her everywhere .	The jug really helped Sam increase her water intake !
Rachel was about to eat some pancakes .	She sat at the table with her plate .
The girls packed up and went to the Spice Girls concert .	They all dressed up like their favorite girl .
She wanted a light color and he wanted darker .	Finally they played rock , paper , scissors .
She was doing her best but her score was not the highest .	It seemed like another girl was going to win .
Bob told a lie to his boss .	Bob 's boss found out and fired bob .
She told Steve he can do whatever he wants .	Steve took that as they have an open relationship now .
They never really hurt much .	But they hurt terribly today .
Kelly had been invited to homecoming !	She was so thrilled , until she realized she could n't afford a dress .
Lisa noticed that Jon was sad due to a lack of friendship .	Lisa decided to be Jon 's friend .
Finley , the dog , jumped up barking .	He ran straight to the door .
Her offered an extra $ 5 if she did .	Gina vacuumed the inside of the car , and went to the mall .
The cars next to be saw the light and stayed in their lane .	I managed to get home safely .
Jill had n't seen her friends in a while .	It was making her lonely .
Joe asked Tina to the dance instead .	Tina said she was going to the dance with Nan .
When she opened it it was a sweater .	The sweater was ugly .
Then they made him a manager .	Tim 's salary was getting very respectable indeed !
We ate at an Italian restaurant .	The food was good .
Paul felt the heat when he got close to the fire .	He parked the car and assessed the situation .
She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery .	When the trip was over , she was very sad to leave .
He sat in his seat and took out his horn .	With his sleeve , he gave it a quick polish .
They offered her round trip tickets to Hawaii .	All she had to do was sit in on a timeshare presentation .
I searched his apartment up and down to find it .	When I did I found out it was addressed to me saying he loved me .
He often looked at pictures of the snow .	Larry visited Alaska to experience the snow .
I checked under the hood to find the radiator filled with coolant .	The temperature went down and I drove off confused but happy .
As the sun set , it grew dark .	Suddenly she saw that she was lost !
Rich began to worry it might be skin cancer .	Rich went to the doctor to be assessed .
However , Jason is very pleased with his new look .	He only wishes that he had grown a mustache earlier .
The doctor told her she needs to be drinking eight glasses per day .	She has done that for a week now and feels better .
Mimi was in such a hurry , she forgot to put on her knee pads .	While skateboarding , Mimi fell and scraped her knees !
In the morning people believe the doctored signage .	The teen laughed at the many car accidents that day .
The jewel thief ran with the cops close on his trail .	Ducking into a store , he put the leather bag in a plastic one .
When they sat on the bench he took her face .	He kissed her .
I smiled at him and continued walking .	The following day , I was walking down the same street .
Last time I had to fly I decided to take medication first .	It was supposed to calm my nerves .
It is a reference to the club mentioned in Harry Potter .	My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner .
He decided to enter a contest .	He ate five pies in 20 minutes .
I spent the entire off season working on my speed .	I would do sprints almost every day .
It was called Hot Havana Red .	She loved it and wore it so confidently .
Every day he rode his bicycle to work and back .	Ed felt so good about his positive eco-impact !
Unfortunately , his family was very poor .	Nick applied for jobs all over town .
Julie worked at a diner .	One morning , she slept through her alarm .
Today our cat was curious .	She lay beside my wife until she was done with the massages .
But the puppy was so cute .	Herb loved him and did n't regret getting him .
They were super excited .	It got started .
He was wearing a hat .	A strong gust blew his hat off .
He was very nervous backstage , reviewing his prepared jokes .	Once he got out on stage , he flourished .
His appearance deceiving to Mark as he was sure he would win .	To his surprise the man outplays him in every way .
He jumped into his Mercedes and gunned it to miss the morning traffic .	He was the first one at work and eagerly got busy .
Harry always encouraged me to write .	I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry .
Charles was forty one years	His daughter was twenty and they did n't get along .
He felt like a fool .	He decided to do something about it .
My friend came to my house and asked to charge his phone .	I tried to use my charger on it but it did not fit .
Sam felt bad .	Sam gave his kite to Ben and they were both happy .
Sara 's favorite band was playing in town .	She did n't plan on going but last minute she was invited .
The waves crashed on the shore and washed the castle away .	We had a lot of fun building our sand castle .
She swam as far as she could go .	However to her surprise she saw a shark .
But then Cade did a surprising thing to ease her mind .	He finished school- and began work as a television critic !
When my wife leaned forward , she snuck onto the back of her seat .	When my wife sat back again , Sassy batted at her hair .
It was my freshman year of college .	I went to an after-school hypnotist event .
Tom was driving through his city .	Tom was listening to the radio .
He decided to propose to her .	He bought a ring a set up a beautiful date !
She helps herself in the kitchen and paints her nails .	She knows I am so distracted !
Bill 's wife begged him to stop playing the video games .	Bill reluctantly stopped playing the games .
Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up .	When he finished he entered his first car show .
Eric always loved playing the piano .	He was really talented and had a bright future in it .
Therefore , I decided to go to the park with my friends .	We mostly played basketball together .
After getting off of work , he decided to go to the Jewelry store .	He ended up purchasing a diamond necklace .
Every time , his work was rejected .	He decided to try one last time to get published .
A zoo keeper told her that they did not have any pandas .	Chelsea was in tears for the rest of the day .
Dean woke up screaming , as always .	He punched the alarm clock into the wall and brushed his teeth .
Omar was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile .	And he blamed it on his heavy shoes .
However , she accidentally forgot to turn on the oven .	Aly felt terrible , but her family just laughed at her honest mistake .
He decided to take a yoga class to help socialize .	He met a like minded nice girl .
His ideas were not too exciting .	Finally , he thought of something good .
Amy had Advisory for her first class of the day .	It was her first day at this new school .
He put up posters for the cat but no one responded .	Finally he resigned to being a cat owner .
She picked through every box of comics she could find .	After a long time of searching , she finally found a worthy comic .
She brought Marina in to read to the seniors on her birthday .	Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all !
Max spent the day raking leaves .	He raked them to the curb to be taken away .
Sam loved to smoke his meat with his favorite smoker .	Sam would often invite the whole neighborhood over for food .
He dove into the book and read 300 pages during the day .	By the time night came , he was glad that it rained .
Lucy was at her grandparents when she got lost .	She did n't know how to get back to their house .
We all went to the store .	My daughter wanted to buy a pizza .
It had snowed and there was a beautiful blanket of snow on the ground .	Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go build a snowman .
As she grew up , though , she realized that the bugs were dying .	So , she admired the fireflies from her window instead .
Alas , my coworkers laughed at the purse .	That 's when I realized I had bad fashion taste .
Long ago , humans were hunter-gatherers .	They gained a great advantage with the invention of agriculture .
The bus came to my stop .	Several kids were walking inside .
Amanda got home one night and was very tired .	She decided to take a bubble bath .
They were on sale for 10 cents per toothbrush .	They were so cheap that Steve bought 8 toothbrushes .
I adopted two dogs a few Year 's ago , a male and a female .	The adoption place never informed me that they were n't fixed .
June and her children got to visit with all the different animals .	When they left , the children waved farewell to the farmer .
She had to finished the meals for a few more minutes .	To her dismay , her cake was burning .
The snake was menacing , and tried to attack Peter .	Peter was able to manage not getting bitten by the snake .
The girls bonded over things they both liked .	Amy and Jane eventually talked about a cousin named John .
Within a year Tom put the house on the market .	He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it !
To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings .	Amy ended up throwing most of the yogurt in the trash .
Bernadette has a very playful cat .	The cat loves to chase toys around the house .
I wrote from the time I woke up till the time I went to sleep .	All the effort paid off .
His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby .	Doug accepted but was nervous because it was n't a diamond .
My teammate , who was open , caught the ball and ran .	He scored a touchdown .
She slithered back out of the fish tank .	Grabbed the sucker and devoured him .
His parents said he could sleep with them .	Bobby crawled into bed between his mom and his dad .
Kelly did n't think her mom was going to get her a phone yet .	So she was beyond excited .
They ate a lot since the food was food .	When the waiter handed the bill , everyone was silent .
Jim decided to major in accounting in college .	He did his first internship in an accounting firm .
Jane was sitting on a bench at the park .	A bird came by .
On the way home Tom told me he wanted to stop to buy a net .	We stopped and he bought a net for the next trip .
Tina said she would only buy a few dresses .	So Ray said he would wait for her .
Somehow I moved to fast and twisted my ankle and fell .	I still ca n't skate to this day .
After a month she still had only a few shifts .	She asked her boss if she could work more shifts .
I loved the cat .	The only problem was that she seemed scared of me .
Ben told her he did n't want to .	His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her .
Erica had no idea why she was n't invited .	She confronted Tom to find out why .
Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake .	Janet apologized and felt embarrassed .
My doctor told me to start applying lotion every morning .	I followed his advice and my hands healed .
There was a shootout a few minutes ago .	The person who murdered his friend decided to run away .
Last week Jenny took her driver 's test .	She was very nervous about the written test .
Finally his friends convince him to buy a new pair .	Dan buys a new pair of boots that looks the same as his old ones .
But he did n't know what toppings he wanted .	Several minutes later , George did n't feel hungry anymore .
His mother got sick and had to move in with the couple .	Angela worked full time outside of the home .
They had a proper chat and he promised to call her again .	Prima was delighted with how the courtship was going .
My mom packed quail eggs for my lunch one day .	We are Chinese .
Billy was open and his teammate passed the ball to him .	Billy ran up to the hoop .
Finally , Mike passed the test on his third try .	Then , he got the job .
It was big and red .	Thankfully i got medicine for it .
One day , Arnold had a bad ache in his tooth .	The dentist had to pull three of his teeth because they were rotten .
She was delighted to see so many offerings for salad toppers .	Amy gladly loaded up her salad .
They had their cameras charged and ready to take pictures of animals .	Early in the morning they set out with their tour guide and group .
Scheana and Shay were highschool sweethearts .	Shay proposed to Scheana after two years of dating .
The next week the winner is announced .	It was Tim !
Joe was knowledgeable and intelligent .	However , the hiring manager liked Jane 's personality .
We ended up lost in the maize for two hours .	We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together .
Jim 's neighbor was an older lady who had suffered a stroke .	One day Jim noticed people scuttling in and out of the lady 's door .
She threw it again .	This time the dog missed .
He wanted to buy a pack of baseball cards with it .	His mom took him to the store and he picked his pack .
Jamie is working to be a banker .	she loves helping people get the finances they need .
Joe ordered a dining room set off of the internet for his wife .	It was to be a big anniversary surprise .
By the time she got there , there were no more cds .	They sold out in an hour .
My grandpa took me to the museum one weekend , just him and I .	I was excited to see the exhibits , and planned on being there all day .
She got on her phone to invite some people .	Janet convinced 3 other people to come with her .
Freda wants to try painting her nails a new color .	She looks at all of her nail polish and decides on black .
He began brushing thrice daily in preparation .	The dental hygienist told Sherman that he was over-brushing .
But she noticed something strange .	Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes !
The police found me and arrested me at a gas station .	I ended up going home and finishing school .
He studied all sorts of religions at various temples .	John decided he liked Christianity the best .
Laura reluctantly tried one .	She found it very enjoyable to her unexpected delight .
The wind began to blow .	Bill 's pot was blown right off his burner .
I bought one finally on the Internet and it fit perfectly .	I tested it out by dropping it and it did n't have a stretch .
My Dad almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire .	This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories .
They could n't decide on what to choose .	So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks .
Raven went to the doctors	She had to get her checkup .
She now can see better .	Grace also has better grades in school .
The dryer apparently caught fire and they were n't there to stop it .	Mindy now hand washes and air dries the family 's clothes .
I knew that I knew about the players and the league in general though .	I ended up taking first place and winning over five hundred dollars .
After an hour of waiting , he was sad because nobody showed .	He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone !
Bob was doing the laundry .	He accidentally washed his clothes on hot .
A big storm with dark clouds blew in .	The neighbors came to the door .
Ned left the bar one night , tipsy and tired .	He was pulled over on his way home , for speeding .
She ended up asking the worker to surprise her .	She received an order of sesame chicken .
Lucas was cutting up onions .	He wanted to make some stew .
The next day Brooke does not get mad at all during work .	Shelby notices this , and now they meditate during breaks together .
Shelly , a white woman , told us she would never date a black man .	Shelly said it was because of her 80 year old father 's wishes .
Alia drank tea quite often during the week at work .	Her coworker Marc had wanted to quit drinking coffee .
He asked his mom to come and watch them .	Then Pip led the best parade ever !
Then , some band members walked by .	Then , the parade was over .
Greg flew over the handlebars of his bike .	He crashed on the road but he was not hurt bad .
He stayed home , sad and angry at the circumstances .	His friend asked if Cameron would photograph his surf sessions .
Katie ran around looking at the sky .	She fell down from running too fast .
Amy and Beth had walked past Amy crushes house .	Amy was secretly hoping to see him .
There was no clean water nearby .	Emil was scared that he would have to go thirsty .
She tried to slide her finger in between the door and the frame .	When she had a grip , she pulled hard .
It was time for Tim to try cake , he got a piece on his plate .	Tim took a bite and absolutely loved it !
When he gets to the store , he finds a blazer for a reasonable price .	It fits him perfectly .
John made the four mile journey on foot .	He got to work on time , but covered in embarrassing sweat marks .
When the coats arrived , Amy fell in love with one trimmed in fur .	But Amy 's mom handed it to her sister .
I went to my friend 's house .	She had made some cookies .
Oliver had made the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner .	It ended up coming out very dry .
He went to the kitchen and started cooking .	He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included !
So he decided to pay for an IQ to learn the truth .	After he got back his results , he was n't surprised .
He got in the plane .	He put on his parachute .
This afternoon , he set out to enhance his tin foil hat .	He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online .
One day , she serves him his dog food plain .	Ziggy refuses to eat it .
He started shooting at everyone in the room .	My friend was shot and is in the hospital with a hopeful prognosis .
He was followed by woman came in with a severed toe .	Finally , the nurse 's ex-boyfriend came in .
The man did n't pay the contractor for months .	The contractor decided to get revenge .
When they were as warm as they could stand , they jumped in the water .	They swam for hours and then drove home tired and happy !
Paco had ambitions of riding horses .	He bought a pretty pony and learned how to take care of it .
Chad ran with the basketball .	The opponent came charging at him .
However , she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview .	It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy .
He knows he is living beyond his means , but he does n't want to move .	Finally Horace decides to look for a new place .
I tried to explain to him once that New York is the state above us .	I explained we were in Pennsylvania .
Peter really wanted a new bicycle , but did n't have the money .	He decided to take some money from his mom 's hidden savings .
I had to call 911 .	The paramedic called me an idiot but at least he saved my life .
Julia gave us a piece of cake tonight .	We asked her how her son Henry was .
If she was able to read 50 books or more she won a pizza party !	She read a book every day for the entire semester .
Unfortunately during one game , he was struck very hard and passed out .	The doctor told him he had nearly broken his neck and might have died .
Although she did n't know what was happening , she went to her mom .	They decided to go to the hospital .
Becky made some fresh coffee .	She got it from a local organic grocer .
Ray wanted to be a doctor .	He studied very hard in college .
Pat and Tim were eating fudge pops .	Tim had smeared some fudge on his face when he ate it .
Ken went to his friend 's house for dinner .	As he sat down at the table he heard a snap .
Everyone is now leaving to find a hotel .	The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel .
Rick 's neighbors moved away .	Weeks later , he saw the curtains in their house move .
Her mom came to comfort her .	Emily had had a nightmare .
I looked everywhere for her .	Finally i found her in the neighbor 's yard .
Eric noticed one of the students looking at her neighbor 's test .	The student admitted to copying answers !
He tried his hardest to keep up .	The next day he was intensely sore .
They slipped through the elevator into the shaft .	We called maintenance .
Tom heard a scratching noise coming from the attic .	He went upstairs to check it out .
Her first choice did n't accept her .	Heartbroken , Nova decided to keep faith in her other choices .
He was lonely living by myself .	Josh named his parrot Polly and called his name every day .
Her siblings wanted to watch something else .	Gina held the remote so they could n't change the TV .
When the plane took off , he realized something surprising .	He found flight fun and exhilarating !
Will Smith walked into Guitar Center where I was working .	Excited , I walked up to him and said , I 'm so glad to meet you !
The children sipped their champagne happily , feeling mature .	They did n't know they were really drinking sparkling apple juice !
Tom was playing kickball with his friends .	Suddenly , it started raining .
So , I decided to take music lessons .	My teacher was very skilled and very nice .
His doctors told him that he may not be able to exercise again .	Nick was afraid he would have to spend his life bed ridden .
She became one of the best origami artists in the world .	Alas , she developed carpal tunnel syndrome and had to stop origami .
Andy was a very clever boy who loves to play games	One day Andy asked his friend to play sudoku with him
I 'm not a fan but still predict who 's going to win .	So far I 've been really accurate .
Joey had a cold .	His doctor could n't see him for weeks .
Barbara was a photographer who took pictures of sunrises .	Her back hurt so she had trouble getting out of bed .
She practiced every day outside .	She hit her head a few times .
He had no time to fix it .	And he rushed to school .
His friend Jay was sad that he did n't know how to do it .	Fortunately , Tim was nice enough to show him how .
Donovan got off the bus , already feeling the heat of the day .	He had many errands to run , but first he stopped by the bank .
The nice driver carefully searched the bus but did n't find it .	Then he remembered that a substitute bus had been used one day .
The day before the launch his team rechecked everything .	The campaign launched according to plan and they sold record numbers .
Bob called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer .	Bob researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive .
Ken felt weird being there alone .	He left and went home .
Suddenly , one bag tore open .	A carton of eggs fell onto the driveway .
His dream was to one day be a famous author .	He would write everyday to get better .
Jeffrey pulled out a cigarette .	He asked if I tried it before and I said no .
They already had 3 kids .	Dan decided it was time to get a larger car .
He did them all and let them dry .	His roommate went to use one .
They were extra spicy but no one knew that .	Everyone took several bites before realizing the pain .
My neighborhood is one of the few places where you can ride a Gondola .	I made a reservation with my credit card , paying nearly 200 dollars .
Then she noticed that she was almost out of gas .	The nearest exit was twenty miles away .
Anthony swore a lot and he often was in trouble for it .	One day he was called into the principal 's office for his swearing .
Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice , but there was n't any !	Thinking resourcefully , Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer .
He crashed his car while driving .	Edison is in the hospital .
Suddenly , Jordan jokingly sloshed some on Callie .	A full fight ensued .
Every few weeks he would see it scamper under the house .	One day he tried to scare it out with live music .
He would walk the dogs and play with them .	Ben felt so good about helping out !
She told her mom she was sick , hoping for sympathy .	Sandy 's mom felt her forehead and said she was n't sick .
Scott collected all sorts of belts .	However , out of all of his exotic belts , his favorite was plain .
Taro was very sad and wanted to cry .	Hiroshi said he was very sorry and did n't do it on purpose .
She had been ignoring him first , but this was unexpected .	She walked home slowly reveling in her pain .
My sister in law 's husband died in late November .	She is still trying to cope .
Becky was nervous for her test .	She thought she would n't do well .
While I was in the lunch line , someone called me .	He kindly asked if I can get a cookie for him .
Steve gathered courage and asked Tina to study together that night .	Tina said yes and soon they started dating each other !
Sam always let his dog out on the yard .	One day it ran into the street .
All day he would hear banging from the apartment above .	One day the banging stopped .
I decided to make some .	Alas , they tasted terrible .
Frannie agreed and they swapped .	The were both happy with the trade .
At the library she searched for the books she needed .	She was upset to find there were none there either .
The trip had been a great success so far .	There were only a few more days left before they had to return .
Mary had just moved and was going to a new school .	The new year was about to begin and Mary met with her teachers .
She had to call a mechanic to tow it .	At the garage , he inspected it and delivered bad news .
I went to college by the beach .	One night my friends and were nervous over a test .
Carrie met Michael on Christian Mingle .	They spoke online for a few months before exchanging phone numbers .
When she was all done , she looked completely different .	Everyone who knew her loved the changes .
I got a call from the mall .	The mall security had arrested my son .
Kayla and her friends were excited to start a game of Hide and Seek	The three of them spread out .
He walked into his class and took out his supplies .	When he got the test , Bob read every question carefully .
He was amazed by the rocketships .	Him and his family listened to a lecture about astronomy .
The firefighter told her to run through an opening .	Although she got burned on the band , she ended up making it .
During class , I saw a beautiful girl drop her pen .	I reached down to pick it up for her .
I tripped over the area rug and broke my foot .	I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast .
The audience gasped at this reveal .	The candidate got the crowd to clap in a steady beat .
Lisa and Monica are sisters who lost their brother and sister in law .	Someone robbed the pair and shot them in their home .
Since I was by myself , I got extra credit .	It was a great experience .
The compost decomposed and nourished the plants in Roan 's garden .	Roan was glad he had come up with such a 'green ' idea !
Luckily she made a friend the first day .	Her name was lily .
She was nervous about it .	The morning of the test , she trembled with fear .
She moved to a rural area .	Sally struggled to find work without dealing with people .
I went to the school and filled out an application .	I got the job !
He figured he should call her and tell her .	He called her and told her to get ready .
I felt sad about how much time had passed .	I decided to call my wife .
I decided to take a rest and sit down for a bit .	I found shade under a nice tree .
He put the star on the top most branch pointing upwards .	The star was so large compared to the tree however .
Alan was angry and unhappy .	They had to reimburse him for the cost of his clothes .
His friend had told him there was no Santa Claus !	But on Christmas eve , his mom called him downstairs .
On the same day , he also took her to the movie theater to see a movie .	Afterwards he confessed his love for her .
She worried about it all day .	When she picked him he was laughing and full of stories !
He wished he had more friends , but his classmates were aloof .	Then one day his teacher made an announcement .
She realized she would need to back up to get up the hill .	Just then a van pulled up behind her and she was unable to back up .
Ed decided to pull over .	He waited until it was safe before he drove again .
John was a student in high school .	John arrived at school and noticed many classes had changed rooms .
Oliver felt like he 'd spent hours unwrapping caramels .	But it would be worth his time and effort .
He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client .	Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field .
He called the cops on him .	As a result , he got arrested .
Her class was buying holiday gifts for people in a retirement home .	June 's job was to pick out some fun socks .
He brewed a cup of his favorite coffee .	He drank the entire cup .
He ran out to the backyard where he 'd set a trap .	A huge jackrabbit was caught , struggling to get out of it .
He practiced at home until he was ready .	He went to the tryouts and hit every ball .
Her head felt like it was splitting wide open .	She requested to take the day off because of her headache .
Mandy was on a family vacation .	One night , her aunt told her that it was her turn to do dishes .
He rode around and then found friends to ride around with .	His friends were much more skilled than he was and bigger .
Her digital tuner kept telling her it was wrong .	She tried different adjustments .
First I tried the big department store , but the styles were so generic .	Next I went to the boutique , but no dresses were in my size .
They only needed to win one of their remaining four games	They lost the first 3 by large margins .
Gerard was performing a show on his birthday .	This concert was the last of the tour .
My wife is threatening me to come to her or else she will leave .	After coming out of work , I drove quickly to see her .
The company revealed surprising information to her .	Nita was not Irish at all - she was French !
She was very lazy though .	She forgot to water the plants in the morning .
Daniel 's parents were skeptical about his choice .	They told him that philosophy did not have good job opportunities .
She flirted with any man in sight and was asking for free drinks .	Due to her behavior , the security guards came .
One of them got too rough with it and dropped it .	The toy was damaged and its words were no longer intelligible .
We stayed at a quiet hotel and had dinner .	We took the bus back to Boston .
Jane became annoyed , and asked Dan why he smelled bad .	Dan told Jane that he could n't afford hygiene products .
Lin takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt .	They have bouncy houses and free donuts .
They asked for hot chocolate , but the container of cocoa was empty .	Then they requested soda , but she insisted her guest deserved better .
I got so caught up reminiscing that I lost track of time .	The day was almost over and I had n't cleaned anything .
Many people got angry and soon I was making national headlines !	I was forced to step down as CEO of the non-profit .
She came across a rare chestnut tree .	It was large in diameter .
Most of her furniture were hand-me-downs and were old .	Her mattress was old too and was very uncomfortable to sleep on .
Jill and Lisa had been best friends for years .	Nothing would break their friendship they thought .
Lane relied on a portable air conditioning unit .	He lived in a hot climate and the summers were brutal .
Anna had a big event coming up .	She decided to consult her horoscope .
Nick got a coat in the mail .	It was not his .
His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment .	Chris gets called into his manager 's office .
The two cars spun off the road .	Both drivers got out of their car without injury .
I used to slide down the poles all day .	I would slide really fast .
Bob is a worker in the CDC .	Late at night , a plane arrived from Mexico with a very sick passenger .
She finds herself becoming much stronger than she thought possible .	Julie sends her trainer a special thank you note .
He put the batteries in a toy car .	The toy cars raced for a long time .
Ash was terrified at first .	She quickly realized that horses were n't scary animals at all .
He caught it in the end zone .	He won the game .
My friend Brianna whispered to me in class .	The teacher turned around and yelled at me .
Theh he noticed another child sputtering nearby !	Rick hurried into the pool and pulled the child out .
I did not drink beer until I was 26 .	I was a night school grad student .
Becoming frantic , Mother noticed her children were giggling .	She realized her glasses were on top of her head !
He lived in a big urban city .	He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk .
A nuclear missile silo received a launch order .	The officer in charge opened the safe to verify the code .
With the long marriage came extensive bickering .	Their family could hardly stand it .
I got a bike for my sixth birthday .	I had trouble learning to ride it .
When Henry came back into the living room , he found the box .	It was lying on the ground , empty inside .
Brent was in love with joanna	Joanna 's family did not like brent but they felt he was not a good man .
A shot rang out and when the smoke cleared , someone was dead .	Nick told the judge he was being framed .
After waiting for hours , they finally arrived .	But by then , the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal .
One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck .	She was enjoying her snow cone .
When the discovery was made , Clark banged on her door .	Wendy answered , apologizing to the grumpy old man .
I called to my wife to see if she knew what kind of bird it was .	She grabbed her bird book and started to flip through it .
Ronald had a girlfriend named Stephanie .	One day , Stephanie got drunk and slept with another man .
My mother welcomes me with a big hug .	I see everyone gathered in the kitchen .
The girl was shy but introduced herself to Eva .	She and Eva played all during recess .
So they bought a new home elsewhere .	Now they feel more safe and secure .
Lisa tried online dating .	She is forty-one years old and gets feedback from guys younger .
She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars .	She found a car she liked .
She used the money to organize the remainder of items in the garage .	She was delighted when her car fit into the garage with room to spare .
He started to watch the television .	The dog show came on the television .
A woman had a baby .	When she was ready to leave the hospital , she packed her bag .
Ronald was really excited to get the newest iphone .	He waited in line for hours until he finally bought one .
Kevin had a big test coming up .	He needed time to study .
After many attempts , she finally caught a fish !	Lorraine felt great that she had become a fly fisher .
She asked if I could recall the project .	I had kept my files on my home computer and emailed them to her .
When he returned he asked Jake to drive his Power Wheels truck .	Jake would n't let him .
The sled quickly picked up speed as it glided down the hill .	Kelly laughed all the way to the bottom .
Phil wanted to do something to help the environment .	He became more conscious of the decisions he made .
After a month , Sara never gained weight and felt less healthy .	Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later .
It was Christmas eve .	Mary did n't have enough money for gifts .
Then , he noticed water was coming from his ceiling , as well !	He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer .
I was doing arts and crafts in my Spanish class .	I asked my friend if she can bring the scissors .
Grandpa had a massive cigar collection .	He had every type of cigar imaginable .
He waited for the sun to rise to look for them .	The sun came slowly over the hills .
She thought that she would n't get caught .	Her teacher found out and gave her detention the next day .
Lena got 4 inch heels to wear to prom .	When her date arrived she realized there was a problem .
Steven did not eat at any restaurant where they served Pepsi .	He had a strong preference for coca-cola .
Finally she decided to make a $ 20 into all quarters .	She had a bag full of so many quarters .
He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs .	Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing .
His mother put his mind at ease .	She said he would always be first in her heart .
He found out he could rent movies for free at his local library .	Lee got to view new movies on a weekly basis for free .
Sam tried hard to fix it but could not .	He was upset and bored until he went outside .
The dealer there gave me a price estimate for a new car .	I negotiated the price down by six thousand dollars .
They made it an event .	Randy ended up winning
Kelly had lost her baby and took it very hard .	For three years she succumbed to depression .
Dylan , the point guard , dribbled it up the court .	At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim .
Her other daughter was selling candy bars .	Grace wanted to help both girls .
They went shopping together to buy matching outfits .	They each bought shirts for themselves and their dates .
Brian donated 99 pairs of shoes to the local woman 's shelter .	Pam knows which shoes to wear now .
We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared .	The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time .
Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store .	She let me get a hamster .
Jerome entered himself into a chili cook off .	He decided to make his grandpa 's old family recipe .
She woke shortly thereafter .	She was surrounded by flames !
For snack , the children ate fruits and vegetables that they had grown .	The cafeteria ladies prepared the snacks for the kids .
She did n't think that was right but went for it .	Then , she baked the cupcakes .
He walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can .	When he put the last bag in the can , the whole thing fell over .
Tony saw a movie he thought was funny .	In it was a scene with kids catching butterflies .
But her mom asked her what her favorite gift was .	She thought about it for a moment .
Richie felt terrible after he had his coffee .	He went to apologize to his boss .
They did n't see how she could earn a living by traveling .	But then Pat became a tour guide in Asia .
He started doing it .	In the middle he lost interest .
She studied hard but was n't sure it would be enough .	Thankfully however when she took them she did well .
His brother had never played before either .	They played four games , and Max lost all four of them .
I said goodbye to my girlfriend .	I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin .
She began purchasing seeds and prepping her soil .	Nancy was faithful at caring for her garden .
Tom 's car was n't working right .	So he decided to take it to a mechanic .
Brian competed in a soccer skills competition .	He dribbled the ball very well through all of the cones .
She lit a couple of candles for ambiance .	Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room .
Then , they motioned him over to ask him some questions .	Alex got to talk about his favorite type of coffee on the news .
Jane and Jim had a fun first date .	Unfortunately their second date was n't going as well .
His car got scratched .	The other car then kept going .
Jane was running on top of the building .	She decided to jump across a pipe to get to the other side .
He was not taking good care of his teeth .	The dentist found two cavities .
Dad does n't cook .	I suggested we order food from out .
Nina went to the beach .	She laid down to get a tan .
When Kelly came back she realized she won .	She was so excited to be on the show .
Ann 's friend made her a twenty dollar bet .	She bet that Ann could n't drink two liters of soda in under an hour .
His one last night as a free man .	Friday morning Ryan felt a sharp pain in his stomach .
I put on a nice set of clothes .	I got into my car and went on the road .
I ordered a triple patty hamburger .	It gave me very bad gas .
It had twelve photos , one for each month of her first year .	We took down the old poster and put up a new one .
He was really hoping his dad would like it .	He scrutinized his dad 's face as his dad opened the gift .
Every time she tried , she ended up falling off and into the water .	After the day of hard work , she decided surfing was n't for her .
She cut them up , and baked a pie with them !	The pie was delicious .
Her mother told her it was dangerous but she kept doing it .	One day her mother told her to stop so she does n't get hurt .
He was having fun and it was bright out .	All of a sudden clouds rolled in .
Katie needed to cross the street by herself .	Being seven , she had n't done it by herself before .
Don liked being powerful .	He decided to run for President so he could be more powerful .
One day , she challenged Sally to a game of deck hockey .	Sally never played deck hockey before and was very nervous .
Howard said he did n't mean to rub her the wrong way .	Howard was suspended and the complaint was investigated .
I researched Congress accomplishments online and found nothing .	I asked everyone if Congress Accomplished anything and got nothing .
Sade caught the bus for the first time .	She paid her fare and sat near the front .
Dominique was taking swimming lessons .	She was scared of the deep end .
When he turned the key , the car would not start .	He got out and waved over his neighbor Ted .
A game with their biggest rivals was coming up .	The coach had them practicing twice a day to prepare .
We found a lot of crystals .	We brought them back and shared with our families .
Kyle always tried to recycle .	His friends never cared .
He got on his computer and looked it up on the Internet .	Eli sat there with his mouth open , stunned .
Sobbing , Cal asked them why .	The boys told him it was their way of welcoming kids to the school .
One day , Loki lost his favorite Teddy bear .	Antonela found Loki 's Teddy bear and gave it back to him .
One of his coworkers was a great friend .	Felicity really liked him , but he did n't want to date her .
He thought he put it on the table .	He looked back in his truck .
Alister needed a date for the school dance .	He decided he was going to ask Susie .
Amber was in a basketball challenge .	The prize was a free inflatable party rental .
Kelly heard a stone hit her window .	She went outside to see what it was .
Josh was n't a very good reader , and that made him sad .	He asked his teacher for help , and she said yes .
He dressed up and waited eagerly for his daddy at the door .	When his daddy entered , both males cried with joy !
He freaked out since he study enough for the test .	He slightly glanced over drew 's test paper .
She received a call one day .	Sally won the spree .
The Johnson family loved to go hiking .	They hiked every summer .
He practiced day and night talking into his mirror .	On the day of the presentation , he went early to practice some more .
His owner wanted to sleep later .	The owner tried many things including ignoring the dog .
He liked being there but not at the moment .	Somebody he knew was inside .
We went to the park .	The temperature went up fast .
Two children were eyeing a toy they wanted .	One of them grabbed it .
Some years ago , there was a shoe factory .	When the building was demolished , the basement was only bricked over .
Tony has been feeling really tired and dizzy lately .	He 'll be at work and then all of a sudden he 'll need to sit down .
Laurie is going to have a baby today .	She went into the hospital and got all set .
Bill was one of the first people in line to buy the new iPhone .	He stood in line for three hours before the store opened .
Ian had never flown on a plane .	He wanted to travel across the country .
He decided to drive home .	He thought he was sober enough .
Maddie knew that staying home alone was n't a good idea .	The news was filled with stories of young girls in the area dying .
Gina 's music teacher showed them how to dance the Charleston .	The kids all laughed at her .
Neil took a bus trip to the ancient site of Pompeii .	There , he saw the ancient ruins .
James was out for a morning walk .	He had forgotten to tie his right shoe .
He had a tray by the door for them and they were n't there .	Cal searched everywhere , looking in all the obvious places .
The teacher made everyone put their drinks away .	Michael failed and learned to never cheat again .
Frank decided he wanted to have hot dogs for dinner .	He went to the store to buy some hot dogs .
He kept me up most nights for about a month .	I became unproductive at work due to the lack of sleep .
The dog 's legs began to twitch .	Chad did n't understand why the animal moved while sleeping .
Jerome was hit and killed by three bullets !	Poor Jerome was the victim of a drive-by shooting .
Ianna walked into the bookstore .	The front desk worker greeted her .
The sandbox has been a real hit amongst the children .	I am going to build another box for more kids to play in .
Although he grew up in New York , he lives in Los Angeles now .	However , one year his mother becomes ill .
I began to follow his advice while eating .	I ate healthy foods for months and felt a change .
There were only a few buses so they were all packed .	Amy had to stand on an overcrowded bus 20 minutes to get home .
The family was having an outside picnic .	Before we had an opportunity to eat , a thunderstorm broke out .
Sometimes her brother forgets to knock before entering her room .	Last week , Emily got mad at her brother for barging in .
He saw a guy giving out free ice cream .	Tim took a huge bowl of it .
Amy was in the media center in her school library .	She was excited to see what computers were all about .
Inside , there was a cute box with a bow .	In the box , there was a ton of cute baby clothes .
It was very exciting and informational .	I decided that I would really like to study geology .
His bank account was dry .	He called up his friend for a loan .
When we went to the movies last night it was a disaster .	First Meg spilled her popcorn all over the floor .
Kim went hiking up a tall mountain peak one day .	She was not wearing the appropriate shoes .
However , her child accidentally pulled on one of the hangers .	The entire set of clothes on the rack collapsed on her .
I threw her a rope and she chased it .	Her dog is a playful pup .
He waved Karen off , saying that it was on the house .	Karen hesitated but then thanked him .
Eventually Ed got stuck in a thunderstorm .	He had to land the plane on the road down below .
There , he observed the laid-back lifestyle and exotic tropical setting	The waters and landscapes were amazing .
Deborah 's computer continuously slowed down .	She searched the internet for the best way to fix it .
They all wanted to battle him in the game .	The teacher got angry .
Sally was excited to be a big sister .	She told he mom she would help babysit .
After graduation , he started to lose proficiency .	One day he met a girl named Marisela who spoke Spanish .
He needed a place to live , but could n't find anything affordable .	Finally , Joel checked the local newspaper .
Her mom says no .	On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend .
He invited all his friends over and gave them parts .	They ran around all day filming .
Finally he found a way to please both himself and his dad .	Brad enlisted - as a Navy researcher !
The cookies came out just like I remember .	The smell of the cookies reminded me of my childhood .
Once , I was walking with my friends in the city .	We were coming home from the park when we saw these strange statues .
While taking notes , my eyes began to close .	As much as I resisted , I ended up falling asleep .
Steve dug holes in the yard to insert the young plants .	When he was done , Steve stood back and admired his work .
I went with an old friend from college .	I thought that I was going to hate it because I do n't like rap .
However , I woke up within a next hour .	When I looked outside , I saw my mom .
Ben was a college student with no money .	He decided he needed to get a job .
The sound was annoying .	Jake replaced the batteries to make it stop .
My niece told me that she hopes the baby is a girl .	That was a bit surprising since she has always said she wants a boy .
She took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game .	She lost everything .
While they watched , one came very close .	Then , it stretched out its trunk and grabbed her daddy 's hat !
Finley was my puppy .	He was n't very well trained .
Tia tried to remain calm .	SHe stayed put and waited for her family to find her .
Phil went to the grocery store .	Phil found a rack of lamb on sale .
In a few weeks they hatched into chicks .	Kell was so pleased with her cute baby chicks !
Ian was studying for an exam .	He forgot the material he was supposed for .
I went skiing with my family .	I went off on my own on the mountain .
He tried it on but it was way too small .	She had accidentally used his little brother 's shirt as a guide !
He went online and researched how best to fix the bike up .	He purchased what he needed and spent many hours working on it .
He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie .	At the theater he found out he did n't have enough money .
Jasmine and her dad love Star Wars .	The new movie is about to show in 2 days .
Upset , she looked down and found the thief 's dropped wallet .	The police were able to quickly track him down and get her stuff back .
I grabbed my laptop and went outside .	I worked in my backyard all day in the great weather !
At lunch he ate a chicken bacon ranch sandwich from Subway .	In chemistry class he fell asleep .
Finally she is finished cleaning the dishes .	She sleeps soundly after a long but enjoyable day .
Tim was sad .	He never hit a homerun playing baseball .
Carlton hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set .	He took it the Goodwill store down the street .
He noticed some chirping noises coming from a tree .	He found some baby birds that fell out of a nest .
Donald was diagnosed with lung cancer .	He was devastated by his diagnosis .
She reluctantly decided that she would attend it .	The night of the reunion , she saw many people she used to know .
Sam was doing his physic homework .	He noticed that the assignment in his textbook was missing .
By the time she woke up it was ready .	She ate it without ever thanking him for it .
Ray lived close to an elementary school .	But he had to listen to the school bell several times a day .
I 'm starting to think that I should n't go to bed hungry .	I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my fridge .
The teacher called on everyone to turn their work in .	Beal turned everything in , despite not finishing his work .
I looked online for guides on growing peppers .	I followed the guides , and waited for a few months .
She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get .	Tami went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes .
A woman who was afraid of snakes saw one outside her house .	She ran and grabbed some gas and coated the snake .
She took too long running errands .	He was late for work .
She put supplies in her backpack .	She started down the hiking trail .
Evan was manning the grill at the company picnic .	He had never grilled meat before .
She threw only gutter balls .	Her boyfriend would n't stop laughing .
He thought she was too young for him .	He really liked her too .
A bus driver , seeing the twister coming , evacuated the bus .	She hurried them into a safe place and no one was harmed .
She thought about taking a short through the grass to save time .	She quickly walked through the muddy grass .
He munches on his merchandise in front of people .	Kevin forced the FDA to inspect him by doing food processing .
Tom gets accused of cheating on Ariana with a girl he met in Miami .	Tom denied the allegations .
Mike loved planes , and he talked about them often .	He said he wanted to fly planes someday .
All of the cool kids had them .	He begged his mom if she 'd buy him a pair .
It was supposed to arrive in a few days .	Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone .
Felix ran to a nearby teacher and asked for help because of the pain .	His face began to swell up and the school nurse treated him .
Samantha had a shelf full of books in her bedroom .	The books were scattered about her room and in random order .
Jamie was immediately shocked .	The chef criticized her food .
People judge and ridicule Angela .	She gets depressed and sad .
I searched high and low , all over the mall .	Finally , I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog .
Kim had n't eaten much the day she was going out of town by plane .	On the plane she woke nauseous .
I decided that a walk might cheer me up .	I walked outside and it was very foggy .
Jim charged him twenty dollars .	Billy did n't have that much money .
Ben 's friends went wild with excitement .	Ben Sherman back was still turned so he was confused .
He tried to break into the safe to test out its strength .	Jim swung a bat at the safe but nothing happened .
The machine ended up shaking and the cup spilled .	My mom 's shirt ended up soaked .
The game became very one-sided .	The losing friend got mad and knocked the board over .
Pastor Brown lived next door .	One year there was a terrible snowstorm .
She stayed at her friends house and they happened to collect mirrors .	She had such a severe anxiety attack her mom forced her into therapy .
He always decided it was never the right time .	One day , he bumped into her in a coffee shop .
I was very religious .	One day , my father passed away .
And he decided to take care of him .	Bob was happy to make a difference in dog 's life .
Our dog , Brody , needed some vaccinations we realized on Monday .	After calling the vet , we took him to get these vaccinations .
Martha was very excited to get her very first cell phone today .	Martha drove over to the Verizon store and browsed the iphones .
Others saw him do it .	Eventually a few joined in as well .
Tad 's parents told him they were bringing him home a puppy !	Tand was so excited !
He went to the store and saw a computer he really liked .	He bought the computer and spent all of his money .
He had saved for months to buy it , and both of them were proud of it .	But one day Marly took it off briefly , and lost track of it after .
He felt sure he could sail west and arrive there .	He got ships from the Spanish rulers .
He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best .	He got in his car and drove to where his mom was .
She called me down for dinner just as I finished .	She saw the crumbs on my face and sent me to my room without eating .
The ball had a handle that he could hold on to while he bounced .	He bounced on his ball every day , from morning until night .
He got to work 15 minutes late because of this .	His boss told him to never let it happen again .
It was a great time .	However , it was freezing cold .
I immediately went to the trash can .	I ended up getting sick .
Molly was thrilled to see a lady in a mermaid suit in an aquarium .	Later , she saw the mermaid at the mall , without her tail .
Thanksgiving is usually ok .	However , this was a different thanksgiving .
My cat loves getting treats .	She goes above and beyond in an effort to earn them .
Ed challenged his friends to a softball game .	They arrived at the field .
He ran from the bat and hid in his closet .	Oswald regretted moving to the country .
Her friends encouraged her to make a living out of her cooking .	Wendy tried baking some goods , and selling them one day .
He did not like playing with balls .	So , I covered a ball in peanut butter .
It heated the bread for several minutes in order to toast it .	I had difficulty taking out the bread since it was stuck .
It was frozen shut .	Jim had to use a hairdryer to unfreeze his door handle .
One day , he got an exercise ball .	He started running more than he ever had before .
Dan looked at the time and saw how late it was .	Instead of starting a fire he put on more layers of clothes .
Joe went to the beach .	Joe brought a towel with him .
She was very beautiful and very wise .	One day , a plague came to egypt and many suffered .
They decided they would skip school to go to the arcade .	As Joe was putting a quarter into a machine he looked up .
He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day .	One day Charlie 's parents told him that they had very exciting news .
Lily 's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement .	Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad
Nate was failing a lot of classes .	He got a nerdy tutor girl to help him .
After some time , all six elevators opened and his coworkers came out .	They greeted him with a cake and lunch for his birthday .
Their gorgeous look inspired Samson to want to look like that too !	He met the performer after the show and confessed his admiration .
Donna was late to her hospital job .	She walked to her car .
She found the local college and spoke to someone about taking classes .	The person was nice but seemed a little unsure about answering Carol .
She made him a grilled cheese sandwich .	It was so yummy !
A visiting pastor asked if he might play it .	They managed to fire up the airbox for him .
Anna won a pair of tickets for a cruise .	She invited her boyfriend , Zach , to join her .
She told him to pick her up around 8 o'clock .	When Jim arrived to the house , she was n't there .
He did not want to be made fun of by his friends .	He finally bought some boots .
Kids in school always made fun of his name .	When Aiden was an adult he went to court petitioned for a new name .
However , her friend met a new friend and began talking to her less .	Sasha was very hurt .
A Porsche failed to slow down and nearly hit the finch .	The finch was so flustered he could barely hold his bowels .
She ran into the living room and saw a fire from a candle .	She quickly grabbed her extinguisher and tried to put it out .
She loved it .	She wore it every day .
Christine was deciding between a real or artificial Christmas tree .	Christine conducted research to see which type of tree would fit her .
Bob wanted to take his daughter out for ice cream .	They got in their car and drove to Dairy Queen .
She had seen the waitstaff on television and was excited to meet them .	When she got to the restaurant she was greeted sweetly .
As it entered it , she realized what was going on .	It had found a safe home of sorts before time ran out .
She placed the meat first , in order to cook it fast .	The vegetables were poured afterwards .
However , she was going too fast !	Sally 's bike crashed at the bottom of the hill .
Eventually she finally decided .	But by then her lunch hour was over .
The man behind her yelled everyone get down , he had a gun .	Anita ducked but another man did n't .
Patty had a traffic ticket .	She had no money to pay the ticket .
In doing so he lost control of his car .	The car veered to the side of the road and hit a bucket of cans .
I went to make my bed .	However , there was an alligator in my bed .
After an hour of searching , Leila found an elephant .	Leila hugged the elephant .
Matt and Sarah were pregnant .	They wanted to announce it in a fun way .
She anxiously awaited to see if the other players were still in .	Karen screamed when the players retired and she won the jackpot .
He saw that they met each other and began talking .	It looked good and he was thankful that they had begun talking again .
Gary took a sip of the fruit punched .	He was really happy since it tasted good .
Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her .	The child kept pushing the tissue away and crying .
He just made a bunch of it for xmas .	Chocolate was his favorite so he ate all that he made .
For the past 15 Year 's , Sally was inseparable from her favorite dog .	She got Sammie as a birthday present and they adored each other .
She took it home and cleaned it up with a fresh coat of paint .	Sarah decided to go to the flower shop and buy a plant for it .
So I decided to rest my feet for a few days .	I 've avoided walking and have been massaging my feet regularly .
She did not expect anything from him on Valentine 's Day .	On Valentine 's Day morning , he told her not to cook dinner that night .
Erin hates roller coasters .	Erin and her friends are going to an amusement park .
Last year , we went to the Ozarks .	We took our camper and stayed in a campground .
Every time Fanny would play piano , the cat would respond .	The husband started to become jealous of the attention she gave it .
She pulled over and changed the tire .	I need to get new tires she thought .
She told him to only get cheese .	When he came home , he had three bags of groceries .
He was looking for her dad .	She had no idea where he was , but he was holding her up .
She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of animals .	Nell enjoyed the project , matching animals to the letters .
It was his first game ever .	Boris was terrified .
Beef , spices , and his new dehydrator .	But he looked at the package of meat .
He ended up getting caught by his manager .	His manager fired him .
He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend , but failed .	When they wed , he thought he could stay clean for his wife , but no .
He decided to experiment with another male .	He got drunk , invited over a gay friend and made out with him .
Jeff is very strong and muscular .	He loved to help friends with lifting furniture .
Jamie and his son were camping .	They gathered some dry wood together .
The possum saw me and started following me !	She kept my pace as long as her little legs could keep up .
Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away .	Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie .
As she rode her bike she was running over worms .	They were everywhere she looked .
George was confused about her reaction .	They left the horse apple orchard before George figured it out .
He did n't know you should n't use the whole bottle of fluid .	Dan needs to buy a new grill and patio deck now .
She made her way down to the panda enclosure .	All the pandas were sleeping .
Javier decides to invite his friends to his home to have brunch .	However , he does not know what to cook for them .
He loved the small towns .	And the locals were friendly !
Andrew was n't careful and he spilled the spaghetti on the floor .	His mom was upset that he did n't listen .
His guitar got stolen from his house .	He could n't afford to buy a new one .
It began to feel jagged so he called the dentist .	Bob hates going to the dentist because it always hurts .
It was her first time on an airplane .	She sat nervously in her seat .
He decided to save his money until he had $ 100 .	He saved his money for ten weeks .
Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots .	Now , she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times .
The entrees arrived only minutes after the appetizers .	We still gave a good tip , as the waitress was nice .
He got a beautiful one with big sails .	It 's big enough to live in .
Steve was the best baseball player at his school .	The coach would beg him every year to play for the team .
Nancy was too scared to try again .	Later , Nancy visited at a friend who had an extra bike .
He said that he loved her and wanted to spend some time with her .	She froze for a brief second .
I found a trolley part in the garbage near a carhouse .	It was the controller on a 1930s trolley .
She found an ID and figured that she could turn it into the owner .	Instead , she decided to keep it for herself .
Mike always loved to go fishing .	One day , he went to the lake and set his gear up .
Jackson stole a wallet at a party on Friday .	He took all of the cash and threw the wallet in the trash .
He was visiting his uncle who had blueberry bushes .	Bobby could n't believe he could pull blueberries off and eat them .
She bought ingredients .	She mixed them all up .
The school principal calls to complain about what Jen is wearing .	When Jen 's get home her mother she grounds her for a month .
When I first moved here I was very poor .	In order to make ends meet I ate peanut butter sandwiches a lot .
His friend Carter decided to teach him how to fight .	Chester trained with Carter for several weeks .
Since the traffic was huge , I ended up reaching to the bar late .	Me and my wife met up with the bartender .
A group of people suddenly appeared and thanked me .	Since they were looking for that cat , they offered me an award .
Security took too long .	Luckily I was able to get a new flight .
Taylor likes video games .	He really wanted a new game .
She only had 8 cakes , and wanted to save them for later .	By the time they left she was down to 3 .
Zach walked into the store .	He saw the wet spot on the floor .
Riley wanted to learn to skateboard really badly .	She spent weeks asking her mom for a skateboard .
One child began to panic and cry .	They never found her but one was was every sure she even played .
I think his poetry is simplistic but did not tell him so .	I think it would be mean .
He looked all over the place , but could n't find it .	Billy eventually gave up and bought a new hat .
We rented out a log cabin in the woods .	It was supposed to be just the two of us .
Bill and Lynn are my neighbors to the west .	In the winter they burn a wood stove for heat .
She watched the videos .	Lillah performed the songs she learned for her family .
Everything is great until two mob goons show up looking for David .	They leave when Jack 's shows them a picture of the real David Miller .
He took out a saw and began to cut a hole in his roof .	The saw gave him a hard time so he took a break .
But Carl hurt his mouth and broke teeth .	Carl 's brother felt very embarrassed .
Andy had a lot of information online .	He was always worried about hackers .
At the factory Greg saw that two different parts had the same number .	He brought this to the attention of a supervisor .
She started working with others and made many friends .	She started to become promoted and was very successful .
His daughter called him from college to say her car was broke down .	Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car .
Unfortunately , she struck the deer .	Her car was ruined .
Today Ally went to the beach .	There were lots of people at the beach .
I felt bad and decided to have it fixed .	I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged .
I went outside to see where the noise was coming from .	It was coming from my next door neighbor 's house .
Jim was invited to dinner by a pretty girl .	But he was very nervous .
He knelt down to pet the dog and the dog licked his face .	The dog wound up following him all the way home .
Roxy picks out a color to paint her nails .	Now her nails are beautifully painted .
But she was enjoying being cooler than her friends .	Her friend Tami stayed by her side for recess .
My aunt 's power got knocked out .	Her pipes froze too .
The barber took the electric razor and was finished in two minutes .	Tim sat there , stunned at his new look .
The car stopped on me just blocks from the house .	I had to walk the rest of the way .
I realized that the phone had terrible service .	I tried to ask for a new phone but my boss told me no .
Tim and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep .	They decide to keep him even though their landlord does n't allow pets .
They still trembled as she swiped the water bottles .	And as she searched her purse for her wallet .
He went by himself .	He sat in his hotel lonely .
I took my 3 year old to the movie theater .	He loves watching movies .
He found it months later under a pile of newspapers .	Kyle brought it back to the library and had to pay a big fine .
I was washing my hands .	I noticed a large spider in the sink .
When one of the girls had to go home , they finally let her play .	Much to their amazement , she won three games in a row .
She showed them her dad 's prized collection of rocks .	When her pals begged , Becky let them each keep a rock .
Then , he realized that his phone was in his pocket .	He checked it but it was completely broken .
The pair donned masks and took guns to commit the crime .	While trying to get away , Ned was shot and killed .
He persisted , and made it through the speech he 'd prepared .	Cory was relieved when it was over .
She got her husband to sample her sauce .	He could n't believe how good it tasted .
I got distracted with my new video game .	When my mom got home the laundry was not done .
I went to the shelter to see the available cats .	I met a siamese cat that I liked .
Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation .	They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow .
All the students in my class were talking .	There was no point in getting them to stop , so I just shook my head .
He microwaved chips and cheese in the microwave .	The cheese exploded everywhere in his microwave !
He went to the bowling alley 4 times a week during the summer .	His average improved from a 61 to a 73 .
When they stood back they could see differences in painting style .	The touched up each other 's side to make it look more uniform .
She could n't figure out who stole them .	Finally her brother gave them back .
He looked to see what she had brought .	She had brought home a dozen donuts !
Robert fix the laptop for Julio free of charge .	Julio thanked him with an invitation to a premium computer conference .
I decided to answer and say hello .	The person on the other line was breathing on the phone .
They took their seats in near silence and awaited instruction .	She smiled as she told them about their prior examinations .
One winter day , the roads were covered in ice .	The snow got so bad that roads were blocked .
Bill owned a large herd of bulls .	He would always take them out to the fields to graze .
Sally liked truffles a lot .	She was excited when she was told truffles were on the menu .
She designed everything from houses to boats to spaceships .	Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents .
So she got up and came right back down fast .	She fainted and was found by a neighbor .
My friend Tina thinks I 'm an artist .	She 's selling my creation online .
I later realized he was trying to pick me up .	Overall I 'd say it was worth it .
Sam cuts open a tomato , to find many seeds .	Sam plants the seed in a pot .
Amy called her friend Beth .	She wanted to talk about anything But Ray .
Jill was ill prepared .	She decided that she would cheat .
Helen hates dogs .	One morning she hears something .
After he graduated , he became very famous .	Now his friends do n't make fun of him for dancing !
She had to keep a log .	Now Camryn knows how much she is reading every month .
Ali knew there would be a confrontation between them .	As the bus rode off she was happy to be safe for now .
Kim went into labor and still did n't have a name .	The baby was born and she named the baby after her doctor .
She threatened to send him to live with his father .	Charles did n't know his father , so Charles ran away from home .
The school made the parents work at functions .	In December , I had to sell cookies at the school Christmas Bazaar .
Henry noticed that his pond was very messy and needed to be cleaned .	He jumped in and began to retrieve sticks and plants from the water .
At her local store there were no Kaboom on the shelf .	She inquired with the manager when the would be back .
She set her alarm to wake up at eleven .	But she was so tired , she did not hear the alarm .
He quickly diagnosed the problem : she had a virus !	He helped her get rid of the virus .
He stayed up late reading books under the cover .	He eventually went to sleep .
The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire !	Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire .
Amy was awakened by her mother .	Her friend Beth was on the phone for her .
My mother wanted a picture of the entire family .	We all got dressed up in our best clothes .
The original artwork is xeroxed and used to produce strips or books .	I have about 30 pieces of original art .
Jane was going to her job .	When she came across an exit , there was a construction sign .
Whitney had gone all year without breaking a phone .	She went outside to walk her dog .
Adrian badly needed money .	He 'd run out of cash a week ago .
I love to go to the movies , I try to go every weekend .	It gives me a chance to get out of my head for two hours .
Smoke poured from it .	A rock had gotten stuck inside .
Her friend was surprised and elated .	They both had a great time on the trip .
Tim bought a kit for a kite from the craft store .	The instructions were too complicated for a 7 year old .
The deer in the field show up every year .	This year there were more than normal .
He had a friend helped him install it .	The car ran great and Ned was happy .
The player ran to steal second base and was almost thrown out .	The coach felt in the moment so he told the player to steal again .
She started writing music as part of a band .	Now a club 's paying them to play tonight .
I practiced and practiced until I got good at making jewelry .	I ordered supplies to set up an online jewelry shop .
James had trouble getting out of bed .	He barely got any sleep last night .
Lucy knew going to the doctor would reveal her secret .	Lucy decided it was better to just tell the truth .
Ira went to the store to buy something to eat .	Chips were on sale so he bought a bag .
As Nell waded in the lake , she saw a beautiful stone on the bottom .	She could n't reach the stone without going under water .
One Christmas , their cousin arrived unexpectedly .	Many of the family were surprised to see him as he had been missing .
I placed my bait in the water .	After several minutes , the water was still clear .
I flew to Boise to go see him .	We talked about what to do for fun during the week .
Now she feared a bully would ruin her trip .	Ali told her teacher of her fears .
We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it .	We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards .
The shoes were too small , so he put them in a box .	Bob took the box to a charity and donated the shoes .
He went to their door and knocked loudly .	Julius explained how the walls were thin andy made a lot of noise .
He went online and gave it a shot .	But it was so confusing !
He tried to enroll in the math class for next semester .	But it was full .
Finally he finds a venue on the other side of town that is perfect .	Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together .
The baby was trying to learn to walk .	He was scooting along the couch .
He was older and taught her to play , but she wanted to win once .	Clara decided to practice Chess on the computer every day .
After the show we decided not to get a hotel room .	The hotel rooms available were either expensive or not clean .
He took out all the food he had and lined it on his counter .	Edit just stood back and waited for inspiration .
The car he wanted to cut in front of blocked the space !	And the one in front of that one moved to do so as well .
As they had every time before , the cupcakes came out disgusting .	As a result , she gave up on making cupcakes .
And it landed on the side that was already cooked .	She was too scared to try flipping it again .
Casey was decorating her Christmas tree .	She was putting up each ornament , when she found one broken .
He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money .	I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away .
She told him he was going to be a father !	Jon wept openly , swearing to never commit a crime again .
I went to the store and bought ingredients .	I brought them home and got a recipe .
When I opened my door , my dog ran outside and got away .	I could n't catch the dog , and she did n't return home after waiting .
She kept smacking her ear .	The bee inside her ear stung her .
He even slows down productivity among the others .	Russ knew he had to put a stop to it soon before it got worse .
Del wanted to visit Canada .	He lived near the northern border of the continental US .
Sara had a beautiful princess costume for Halloween .	She was excited to wear the costume to her school party .
She tried cutting herself to get attention .	It hurt too much and she gave up , though .
Clayton is an actor .	He has the lead role in the school musical .
I went out one night while staying at a hostel in Miami .	A girl asked me to join her in a cab .
As she got into the classroom , to her surprise the exam was not hard .	She left the classroom feeling a sigh of relief .
When she rang the doorbell , Ashley 's friend answered .	Ashley turned red and ran away .
Cara woke up extra early today .	She was excited about going to Six Flags .
A neighbor came over and helped me finish .	We finished much quicker as a team than if I did it myself .
He hired a chimney sweep .	The chimney sweep had a hangover and was not thinking clearly .
SHe got mad and him and dragged him out .	He had to go to school .
Winter had just started , so he had a good idea .	He told his neighbors he would shovel for them .
His wife did n't like that idea .	They argued over it for a while .
Jayson was playing in his first soccer game this season .	He was running and helping his teammates .
He asked if she wanted to catch up .	She agreed so they went to dinner .
However , in a rush , she had n't eaten that day .	A friend at the cookout offers Francine a hot dog to eat .
Unfortunately Steven lost his breath every time he ran .	He was worried he could n't keep up and would n't get to talk to her .
They decided to go inside just to be safe .	Inside they checked the news .
Henry soon found a wife and had children .	Henry taught his kids just as he always did .
He waited in his seat for hours .	The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours .
Until his finger got caught and he started screaming .	Josh ended up in surgery but did n't lose his finger .
Charles felt grief like never before .	He had to let go or he would never get over it .
Rob played the game for an hour before getting bored .	He sold the game to his friend Alex .
I had trash that needed to go into the department dumpster .	I drove into town just to dump it .
They set up their kayaks and climbed in to begin their trek .	All of a sudden , the rapids became extreme and they were dragged away .
A woman who lived on the street saw the cat .	She called the fire department .
Amy carried her cell phone in her jacket pocket .	In the bathroom she took off her jacket and left it on a chair .
He had not studied one bit for this exam .	John started cramming for the exam .
We watched football for hours and had a great time .	My girlfriend was at work and liked coming home to beer .
Bob wanted to see his favorite band perform this weekend .	Bob did n't have enough money or a ride to the show .
She was confused as to why after getting her number he had n't called .	But here he was acting like his usual self .
Ivy invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner .	Her boyfriend was accepted into the family with open arms .
However , they say it is too expensive .	Jasper ignores their complaints , and uses the air conditioner anyway .
The rink was very crowded and full of kids .	I got on the ice but slipped and fell .
The cat meowed and meowed and was n't happy at all .	The vet examined the cat and gave it shots .
One child saw this action and was drawn into the monkey .	The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment .
To pick out pizza toppings .	I prefer to have fresh veggies on my pizza .
Tom went to the hospital to investigate his sickness .	The doctors told Tom he was going to be okay .
When she arrived home later she began to feel sick to her stomach .	She ended up being sick the rest of the day .
He dug in his desk and found a green and a blue pen .	Sandra took the blue pen and signed the document again .
Conrad spent the entire day writing fantastic tales .	At the end of the day , Conrad was paid for his stories .
She decided to go to the campus ' math lab .	She learned a new way to think from the tutor and improved her grades .
A few minutes later , a limo came into the school .	He got inside and the driver took off .
My kids pick the movie .	My wife makes the popcorn .
Then he got an eye injury and could n't wear his lenses the next day !	He had to wear his glasses , and he feared being mocked .
I went to taste it .	When I tasted it it tasted bad .
Mom was hoarding a lot stuff to pass onto her children .	Mom passed away .
I 've always liked collecting stamps .	There are a lot of unique designs .
However , that all changed over time .	More and more business closed down after the recession .
I had been up all day studying for my exam tomorrow .	I was very stressed out about not knowing enough material .
When I was little , I wanted to be a movie director .	Throughout my teenage years , I was obsessed with movies .
The dealer showed her the rules , and soon she started to catch on .	The other players left in shame , as Barbara had won all of their money .
Amy 's mom brought the small brown dog home to Amy .	Amy cried tears of joy when she saw the small brown dog .
Eric sat at his desk and feel sleepy .	During lunch he had a hard time eating his food .
Sharon had some money saved to take a vacation .	She spun her globe to pick where to go .
I have a new favorite tea .	The tea tastes great and I drink it every morning .
After walking around for a while , we came upon the petting zoo .	Both of the kids were excited , and wanted to feed the little goat .
When he opened the milk a foul odor filled the room .	Ken checked the expiration date on the gallon .
When Bob decided that he was done , he checked out and headed home .	When Bob got home , he realized that he forgot to buy milk .
But she noticed that it tasted odd .	She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date .
I decided to go on vacation to America .	My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich .
John was about to begin his freshman year of college .	He did not want to attend the mandatory orientation .
He never made A 's .	He was determined to bring his grades up .
She fed it and it clung to her so she brought it indoors .	Unfortunately I told her that we could n't keep it .
Ian grew his own hot peppers in his garden .	When they became ripe he picked them .
Brandon and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions .	The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas .
This schedule also just felt better for him .	Rob realized that this was hurting his ability to make business calls .
Cara was having a craving for chocolate .	She really did not want to go out though .
It was her birthday and he wanted to show his appreciation .	But he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything !
It was kept in a cage in the back of the class .	Occasionally , students were allowed to play with the bunny .
Ashley was smoking a cigarette in her bedroom .	Suddenly , a bunch of ash fell onto the floor .
Everything was perfect .	I knew I would go back to them again .
Before she got to her exit the traffic came to a stop .	The wind blew hard and the sign over the highway waved back and forth .
All of Kevin 's friends could skate board well .	Kevin really wanted to learn .
A strange man comes into a bar for a drink .	The bartender tries to cut him off when he 's had too much .
It was time for the airplane to land at the airport .	The pilot radioed the control tower .
The wind started to pick up soon after I arrived .	The sand got into my lunch .
Will was reluctant to order groceries online .	But one of his friends recommended it .
Tim was waiting for his dad .	His dad was bringing burgers .
I once went to a concert where Dan Bern was performing .	It was a small venue with only one bathroom .
He could n't find it anywhere .	He went online and asked a friend to call it .
He went to the store and bought lots of stuff .	When he got home he made her a giant breakfast .
When Joy was nine she and her best friend Beth both got puppies .	The puppies were from the same litter .
She tackled him and wrested away his gun .	She stood over him with the gun and Bill did n't dare move .
Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess .	After cleaning the mess , Ted walked back inside feeling good .
She got to experience swimming with dolphins .	She said it was amazing .
He looked around outside , shocked by the changes .	Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time .
So buys a wallet with a chain .	He and his friends think it looks ridiculous .
Unfortunately , she also had a fear of the water .	Determined to see the reef , she enrolled in swimming lessons .
June decided on a Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee .	While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow .
As the officer approached , Dan simmered , preparing for an argument .	The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off .
She went to the shelter , but none of them seemed right .	Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room .
The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay .	The man grunted and slammed down the phone .
We saw lots of marine life .	It brought us closer together as a couple .
Sally was taking a guitar class at school .	The teacher was laid back and the class was n't structured .
My friends and I went to a bar .	There was an overly drunk man causing ruckus .
She became pregnant .	Steph ended up having twins .
Joan had always wanted to participate in a chess tournament .	Finally there was a tournament coming to her hometown .
With great excitement , he climbed into the chair lift .	There was a foot of fresh powder from a recent storm .
Yesterday she went to a dozen stores .	She ended up spending a thousand dollars .
I noticed a car coming my way had their headlights off .	We were stopped at a stoplight .
Eugena hated doing math in class .	She always copied from her desk partner , Carrie .
Sally lives by a large lake full of fish .	She always wanted to take up fishing .
When he looked for an outfit , he could not find anything to wear .	Vince noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it .
He became addicted to heroin .	Eventually he became a drug dealer .
The girls looked and saw sharks .	They immediately booked the room again for next year .
Bill was tired of the hot weather in his area .	So he decided to shave his head .
My greyhound 's ears perked right up and he stared down at the track .	The race began and that hound was determined to run one more race .
As a result the schools were closed .	Because of the snow day , kids cheered .
He was laughing and she helped him up .	They had a fun afternoon at the rink .
When Thomas graduated high school , he wanted to run track .	He enrolled in community college and bought an apartment .
It was her first day at a new school	She did n't know anyone
Susan took her family to a dude ranch for vacation .	She went for a long horse ride on the second day .
Mr Adams had to buy gifts for his son .	He was n't sure what to get .
In the process , the eggs and the toast were burnt .	The breakfast was a total disaster .
It was his favorite pastime .	On a sunny day , he was hunting and heard something crackling .
As he accepted his diploma his robe got caught on the podium !	Roy turned abruptly to walk off the stage with his robe caught .
Jaime 's kids wanted to build a giant snowman .	They rolled three large balls for the body .
I went to school and told all of my friends .	Sally overheard me telling the story and laughed .
As he walked outside , there was loud rattling of the bushes .	A giant muskrat leaps out and scares him .
They saw a Broadway show .	They always have a great time catching up .
Joanna was walking down the street after finishing school .	She was happy to be going home after finishing school .
The groomer shaved off all of her fur .	She finally does n't have any knots !
She put it in a bowl and mixed it heartily .	It did not turn out quite the way she hoped !
He bought her a bouquet of roses .	They were able to kiss and makeup .
Crows have been circling the area lately so he assumed it was them .	He spent most of his money to buy a scarecrow .
After a long day at work I needed a drink .	They were half price off at the local bar .
She failed to become an astrophysicist .	She ended up becoming a science illustrator for space instead .
Finally , she found one that suited her perfectly .	She bought it right away .
Once I had the money , I bought more beer .	I drank the beer and was very happy .
They tried asking around for help but no one would help them .	Finally a nice couple helped them to the destination .
The young child lived playing dolls .	The Barbie doll was her favorite .
Suddenly , he grabbed the cat 's tail .	The cat was angry , and scratched Timmy .
Soon , the cat began to trust Jim and followed him inside his home .	Now , Jim 's cat lives in Jim 's house and it is his pet .
Geoff always has problems with his feet .	He cuts his nails too short when he trims his toenails .
No matter how hard he tried , he could n't lose any weight !	Bob 's wife told him that she loved him just the way he was .
Warriors from each side died bravely .	They suddenly became aware a of new threat as smoke wafted in .
Gina needed to turn on the water hose .	But there was no handle on the spigot .
He looked all over but could n't find the source .	He decided to clean the whole house to get rid of the smell .
Gina had a crush on a boy in her class .	But each day she liked him less and less .
We each picked different scenes .	Mine did n't turn out so great .
A flash of light and a loud sound whisked Al away to his birth year .	Al prayed his plan would work this time .
Tim tried it .	Tim thought it was great and never hated jello again .
She decided to decorate her house .	She went to the mall and visited some shops .
Tami needed her husband to fix the plumbing immediately .	She had family coming for a mini vacation .
They were not playing very well in the season .	Greg did not want to watch any more games .
Mike 's family was at the beach in July .	It was super hot , over 100 degrees by 10:00 am .
The teacher made a message to the class .	He announced that today is the final day to drop any classes .
I put on a silly voice and jumped into the pool .	After jumping in , I remembered that I left my phone in my pocket .
She adapted physically to her new life but socially was n't as easy .	She finally joined a group with similar challenges .
Liz got on the phone and asked her mother to come home .	Her mother immediately fired the babysitter .
He hated the peppermint taste and it 's hard crunch .	John complained to his parents .
Next she did a nose .	Finally , she drew a mouth .
One day I was picked up from school by my step-mother .	She surprised me with a puppy !
Bob was shopping at the mall .	He went to go pay for a watch .
Then when he was the batter , he stroke it far .	He reached home plate .
The teacher paused for a moment , but he eventually continued .	Diana went to the bathroom to freshen up .
I first buttered the bread and started the griddle .	I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread .
He looked forward to stuffing his face .	When the time came , he ate 5 full plates of food .
She decided to run out to the store .	Then , she bought some sandwiches and brought them home .
They were mean girls and no one liked them .	Amy was shocked she could have been blind for so long .
However , he became frustrated .	In person , he tried to ignore me .
He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club .	Jerry trained hard and kept his nutrition in check .
Dan 's class was in the library at school .	A boy across the room stuck his tongue out at Dan .
Finally , the mailman came one day with the package .	Tyler took it inside excitedly and opened it .
Erica was bored .	Erica decided to watch television .
Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies .	Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats !
Every relative got the same gift .	The scent was salted caramel .
Tyrone hated to do the dishes .	So did everyone in their family .
When Jill gets a lawyer they start to listen .	She gets a settlement of fifteen thousand dollars .
To her surprise Dr Pratt was very gracious .	She liked her a lot .
She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life .	Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block .
Her brother was worried for her and took her to a psychologist .	The psychologist diagnosed her with depression and got her help .
It was my first game to watch .	As I watched the game it was actually quite boring .
We both put our hands on it to play .	All the sudden , the planchette started moving slowly .
He applied at an auto store to make more money .	His experience landed him the job .
Michelle and her friends set up a blanket outside to look at stars .	They stared at the stars for a couple hours .
When I got to my front door , I heard voices inside my apartment .	I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise .
Thomas and his friends wanted to play a game during recess .	They thought about what to play .
She wanted to play on her school 's team .	Lis was worried they would n't accept her .
He hates wearing glasses .	He took his glasses off and stepped on them .
Jeff said that it would cost nine dollars .	The customer laughed and walked away .
When Jen is 10 years old she wants to wear makeup .	But her mother tells her that she is too young .
I looked down and I was only going 27 mph .	However , there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph .
But she was a terrible spendthrift and could n't save a dime .	Then she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends .
The problem was , he was sitting right behind a pretty girl .	Before he knew what was happening , the fart snuck out .
She went to the secondhand store .	There , she found a similar radio to the one that 'd broke .
They already had 5 boys so a girl would be a nice change of pace .	They decided to adopt a girl .
Todd and Bob planned a ski trip .	They bought all their equipment .
I have a lizard named Tocca .	Tocca likes to play in the water .
Sammy had recently inherited a large sum of money .	She decided to invest her money into the stock market .
They told lies about the process to convince us we could n't vote .	I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know .
Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help .	She went inside and explained her predicament .
When he came back he took the cookies out and they were n't right .	Looking back over the recipe , he realized he put in too much flour .
Lindsay went to the doctor for stomach pains .	The doctor decided to issue a cat scan .
She crept into the kitchen .	She opened the fridge and found some grapes .
Mike hit Jerry to hard one time , and made Jerry mad .	Then it turned serious , and a real boxing match broke out .
The Samson 's adopted a puppy .	They have been wanting one for a while now .
Then she was told her legs were too short for a ballerina !	She was crushed , but then had a good idea .
Chuck decides to go to the doctor .	The doctor gives Chuck some medicine .
Annie sees a Robin .	Annie points out the Robin to the neighbor .
Jared started hanging out with the wrong crowd lately .	He started smoking cigarettes because he was pressured to do it .
The girls were on the plane for fifteen hours .	They could n't wait to land .
One day she decided to enter a local singing competition .	Diane went up on stage and began to sing .
One of the baseball players hit the ball straight at them .	John caught the ball !
Jenna was very allergic to cheese which gave her migranes .	Her friend worked hard making her a fancy meal and forgot the allergy .
He read many books and talked with wise people .	He began learning how smart people think and act .
He was digging through his room when he found a cup .	The cup was full of old moldy milk .
His dad took him out to practice in parking lots and side roads .	Steve was nervous at first , but soon became more confident .
Rene was thrilled to be going wedding dress shopping today .	Rene and her bridesmaids went over to Vera Wang to start shopping .
It crashed to the floor .	When Max picked it up , he saw that it was broken .
Gina was excited to see all of her friends .	She had the same teacher as the last year .
She needed to figure out how to increase her income .	She needed to catch up on her house payment .
He dug a lot of holes .	It looked terrible .
Slowly the sun set .	It grew darker outside and harder to see .
She called her friend Amy who told her there was party later .	Lucy felt left out since she could n't go .
While waiting for the program to begin , she met Bill .	Bill offered Pam a hot cider , which she accepted .
Janice has been unhappy in her marriage for many Year 's .	Although she once loved her husband , she now finds him boring .
The Jehovah Witnesses walked by their hiding spot .	They breathed a sigh of relief , and resumed their morning jog .
He took everything out of the bag .	Then , he washed the bag in the sink .
Amy 's mom did n't want her to drink coffee .	She thought it was unhealthy for a 14 year old to do so .
She trudged through trying to keep snow out of her boots .	But her ankle height boots were no match for a foot of snow .
Tori refused to eat broccoli .	Her mother could not convince her to eat it .
Jack had the ball in his hands .	As soon as he was about to shoot , the ref blew his whistle .
At first he fell over and over .	But soon Chris was skating just like an old pro !
So i took it to get trained .	The first few days she showed no progress .
On December 27 , 2010 , I decided to go for a swim .	We live in Boston and it is cold in the winter .
Suddenly , Max started to tell Laura how much he loved her .	Then he pulled out a ring and proposed .
Hanna 's sphincter clenched as tight as a snare drum .	She stared down the poor Pizza Hut employee .
He had to settle for a few cold Pop-Tarts that morning .	Ted vowed never to sleep through his alarm again !
Billy was walking home from school .	On the way , he twisted his ankle .
My sister and I went to bestbuy on black Friday	We were n't sure what we wanted , just went for fun .
They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning .	Vicky eats a delicious stack of pancakes .
One night , she told her son how badly the dentures hurt .	The very next day , a dentist called , confirming her appointment .
Iggy wanted to impress his friends at the last day of school party .	He knew there would be jump ropes and hula hoops to play with .
But for the whole month of April , it poured rain !	Stella feared her plants would be drowned .
While there he met a pretty girl .	Avery was distracted , so he burned the trout .
Jamal is confident in his ability to pass .	Jamal aces the exam .
But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church .	Lucy 's grandma was cooking and would n't take her .
They soon realized they were getting broken into .	They called the police and hid in the bathroom .
On Christmas , they handed Tim his gift .	He was so pleased to unwrap his phone card !
Tom wanted to buy a Surface Pro .	He was deciding between that or a new laptop .
Bob 's shower ceiling was leaking .	He called a plumber .
Amanda tried her best , but the taste made her sick .	She ended up throwing the whole drink up .
Now he had to fill it !	He decided he needed a hose .
Cole 's parents saw what happened and gave him five more dollars .	Cole went back to the store for more jerky and a soda .
They took their time , but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee	After several hours they finally made it to the top .
Her grandma bought ice cream from the Milkman .	Lucy asked for a bowl of ice cream .
He scanned the horizon back and forth for potential dangers .	The wind shifted and the flames roared towards the firefighters .
Nancy eventually realized the dog had to lose weight .	She started feeding him less treats and a healthier diet .
After looking in the newspaper , he found a job offer as a salesman .	Sam went to an interview and got the job .
She decided to make pizza herself .	It turned out great .
Sue became scared and decided to change her lifestyle habits .	She ordered fluoride free toothpaste online .
Alas , it was too expensive for me to eat more than once per year .	I decided to make my own smoked salmon .
Tim and John played video games together .	They later at lunch then played outside .
We decided to walk through the darkness and fog to the graveyard .	The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted .
Over the weekend , his friend helped Bobby understand Algebra .	On Monday , Bobby made an A on his Algebra test .
It was there that he learned the secrets of a perfect pizza .	He moved to America as a young man .
Gina returned to her classroom earlier than her class .	She was hoping the door would be unlocked so she could enter .
I was walking around at night .	I saw a racoon .
Tom decided to bring his dog .	His dog loved riding in the truck .
Rick ran along the cage looking at monkey running inside .	The monkey stopped and let out a shriek .
I needed a shed to contain my yard tools .	I bought supplies and found a guide online .
Lewy wanted to build a snowman .	He went outside and started rolling snow .
Everyone filled in to see them play .	They began and man were they good .
She let them cook for 4 hours .	Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork .
Drew forgot that the beach was south instead of east .	They decided to stay at the beach until the end of the day .
So she purchased yarn and began to knit Kim 's sweater herself .	Kim loved her homemade sweater more than any other sweater ever !
A bear ate all their food the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking .	Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip .
He poured the cereal into a bowl like he always did .	Then he found out he had no milk !
But hours later , Alice 's family could n't find her .	Alice had to visit a police station to find her family .
Candy knew her baby sister June wanted ice skates .	June loved to skate , but their mom could n't afford the pricey skates .
Ben knew that if he read the most books he would win .	He started reading books right away .
He put on jacket and headed out the door .	The wind hit his face with a mighty chil .
Suddenly he gets a call from a customer .	The customer states there is hair in the food .
But by the time he gets on the plane he is exhausted .	He is so tired that he sleeps all the way through the flight .
I went on plenty of dates .	Some of them were successful and others were not .
They had fun seeing many sights .	They traveled down a complex path .
I also bought her a pendant watch .	She enjoyed the gifts .
Yan looked down .	He immediately realized that his zipper was wide open .
Julia was nervous because she was getting her first tattoo today .	She walked into the tattoo parlor and was shaking with fear .
The painting was from 1928 .	My niece is a big fan of Frida Kahlo .
Gil was an inattentive driver .	He would continuously check his phone messages while driving .
She worked for months on her fitness .	She lifted weights .
The hill got even more steep so they got climbing gear out .	The gear helped save them from falling .
Her car slammed into a telephone pole .	Amy was thrown through the windshield and injured badly .
While she was gone , her brother took her seat .	She returned to find him in her seat , and it angered her .
The car luckily stopped in time .	Jake ran home he was fine but frightened .
After the store , Matt surprised her a dinner date .	They went to the fanciest restaurant in town .
She was tired but determined to finish .	She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family .
Billy kept crying in his room every day .	His mom noticed it and asked him why .
But the Patriots missed some key plays , as did the refs , and lost .	The Giants had pulled off the biggest upset in sports history .
He became very distracted by the beautiful off-trail scenery .	After an hour of hiking , Dave finally realized he was lost .
Mary begged her mom for tickets to the concert that weekend .	Her mom agreed to buy the tickets if Mary could clean the whole house .
Bobby had just enough money for chocolate from the vending machine .	He pushed the buttons for the candy he wanted .
He began to walk around town looking for some sort of employment	He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes then went home .
He especially hated the chairs he had to sit in at school .	So he decided to bring a folding chair to school everyday .
When the game started , the opponents ran towards him .	Jimmy freaked out and ran on the opposite side of the field .
Ben was never a good story teller .	In English class , he usually did poorly .
The package advised not to thaw it outside the fridge .	But Adam did n't see what could go wrong .
I ran myself a nice , hot bubble bath .	I got into the tub .
She was really afraid of the dark and quickly got out of the tub .	She ran out of the bathroom and into the light .
She bought green pepper seeds for her sister .	She raised the seeds to seedlings before transplanting .
When he woke up , he ran to the oven .	He found out that the chicken was burnt .
I knew when she would visit her folks by the sounds of her loud car .	Christina had a horrific car accident and has extensive brain damage .
Molly was doing some chores Saturday .	She spent most of her time meticulously sweeping the living room .
Amy did n't want to eat the school lunch anymore .	Her mother told her she was too busy to make her a lunch .
Driving there , we decided to spend the day hiking .	After selecting a trail that was good , we set off !
Keith 's parents were taking him to Disneyland .	They told him to go pee before the three hour drive .
She went to the kitchen .	She cooked herself spaghetti and meatballs .
She wanted to make sure she would get a great grade on it .	When she got to the room she took the test .
She always made good grades .	One day she forgot to study for her spelling test .
My husband was in a bad accident in college .	He was driving from Flagstaff to Phoenix for a gig .
I took my family to the museum one day .	We were looking at an exhibit when we heard a boom .
She had always been a food connoisseur .	After she graduated , she cast about for job prospects .
There must be a better way to sell his device !	He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his .
It was mother 's day !	Samantha wanted to do something special for her mom .
She stumbled on a brick and hit the wall hard .	She was clearly winded as she slid down the wall .
When Christmas came Susie was so excited .	When she opened her presents though , there was no bike .
She also put a walking path .	Sally was proud of her creation .
I went to a local tailor .	They measured me and made me a suit .
Some of the clubs have great wine .	Also some of the clubs have bad wine .
One day she found a lovely unmarked handbag at the local thrift store .	She debated whether to buy it as it was fifty dollars .
She had never had it , and I had never made it .	I worked hard on the soup to make it special .
Tay and his friends were racing bikes .	Tay knew he could win the race .
She thought he was dressed a bit odd .	But she remembered what her parents told her about being nice .
Babs was a rare breed of tiger .	Babs was the last of her kind .
Sam came home from the war , and something was n't right .	He spent day after day with his wife and son , and could n't relax .
She looked online and saw someone giving them away .	Sally went with her parents and got the puppy .
Ever since he and his wife Julia had started dating , in fact .	But nothing seemed to work .
Hank was afraid he would spend it on drugs .	Hank put the two-dollar bill in a safe where he could not use it .
One day when she was hiking , she found a nest .	Inside the nest was three baby birds .
The dog would not fetch .	Tim kept trying for five weeks .
His mother took him to the doctor .	Ralph was afraid the doctor would give him a shot .
Tony sat down in the restaurant to order food .	He found that same hair resting on his plate when the food arrived .
He came home and decided to go for a jog .	Mark was not used to exercising and it was hard for him .
I went to the baseball game	My favorite pitcher was playing
Amy watching TV at home .	She answered the phone when it rang .
He found a pair that cost twenty five dollars .	They had a Napster logo on the bottom so Charles bought them .
As soon as it 's in , he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck .	He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle .
Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches .	He finally got to try out his Christmas sled .
One day , he was driving and got hit by another car .	Luckily , he was not hurt , and his insurance paid for the repairs .
He was a pretty good drawer so he was n't worried about it .	That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed .
As Amber cried her mom tried not to laugh .	Amber cried when she opened the tickets on her birthday .
Tim had a huge party .	He made carrot stew .
It was the third time .	If he did n't pay soon he would be evicted .
She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off .	Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long .
Jonah was craving something sweet .	He decided to make himself a cherry pie .
Tess and Jane took the vow .	The looked each other in the eyes and chanted .
She bought herself a standing mixer at the store .	She now does n't have to knead the dough .
But when they found out , they were all very kind .	They even volunteered to teach him his letters .
I hate fish !	One day , my mom cooked trout for dinner .
Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp .	Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball .
However when I looked for the buns I found something .	The buns were moldy and green .
The teacher handed out a sheet of paper to everyone .	He told them it was a pop quiz .
He asked his manager to buy a guitar for him .	The guitar had once belonged to Elvis Presley .
Later , at lunch , I saw a girl wearing my coat !	I accused her , but she denied it .
I learned different when my friend Tracy married Doug .	I have watched them argue , fuss and fight .
Everything became very overwhelming .	She quit without notice .
Hari decided to buy headphones .	He went to the store and got the best headphones available .
Next to the outdoor dining area was a pond full of fish .	Joe leaned over the water to look at the fish .
I gave myself a burn .	Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid .
She then worked out at the gym for an hour .	Afterwards , Mary used public transportation to go to the hospital .
Bernie is running for president .	His friend Hillary is also running for president .
I bought a book for my friend Joe .	Joe is a purchasing manager at a government agency .
She tried to eat them slowly , but they were so tasty she ate them all .	The next day , she had a bad stomachache .
In there he met a Muslim man .	The Muslim man told him to hand copy out the entire dictionary twice .
We had a lot of cookouts in front of our condo building .	We usually had burgers and dogs .
We drove 80 miles to get her , my husband held her on the drive back .	He kept asking what these black things were all over her .
The dollar store was having a mega sale !	He filled his cart up , checked out , and went home .
She loved to bake cookies of all different kinds .	Her first batch had just finished and was cooling on the rack .
Then one night a popup arrived and notified him of a virus .	Jimmy tried to remove the virus but it destroyed his computer .
Ed likes to buy vintage records .	Yesterday , he found a shop that only sells records .
At lunch time she was horrified to see a sardine sandwich !	Tom was sitting near her and begged her to trade with him .
The sky was dark and cloudy .	Mom said a storm was coming .
She jumped out of bed just in time to see a spider scurry away .	The bite began swelling and turning red .
As a teenager she took a trip to India with her family .	Ida met extended family members and saw the sights .
They can show almost anything on it .	Yesterday , there were three shows on cooking .
I sent cookies to my daughter .	I sent these items to work .
They were very excited and prepared for the baby in every way .	Sheila 's belly was growing at a rapid rate .
Margaret was at her family cabin .	She was up in the loft , and wanted to go downstairs .
Sam went to the beach with his brother .	They decided to see who would collect the most shells .
A mentor told him to laugh at himself and keep on going .	Charles took his advice and laughed at himself .
The radio show host asked his audience for requests for the next song .	No one called in so he began to fabricate requests .
I scrubbed all the wax that I could out of my ear .	When I was done , my hearing felt more clear .
We were unable to decide on just one and drove home feeling sad .	When we got home , we found a sweet little stray living in our garage .
He saw something fall from the sky .	He was not sure if it was snow or ash from a fire .
Yuri shoved his boat from the dock .	He turned the wheel to steer the boat into the bay .
She made me a sweater for my birthday .	It was hideously ugly .
He took his robot to the robot to the alley to show off .	The scientist challenged everyone to play against his robot .
Alex prays for help .	Help soon arrives , saving them from the endeavour .
Suddenly , he hit me in my face and tried to fight me .	I was so shocked , I immediately kicked both of them out .
He had a special surprise planned for the big day .	The entire wedding party practiced for months working on a flash mob .
Sara worked out and watched what she ate .	A year later Sarah was happy and the doctor said her weight was good .
Eventually he entered a bowling league contest .	He did so well , he won second prize !
Deedee had a certain budget to stay in .	Deedee found a split level , patio , deck and lovely yard areas .
But she stayed out past her curfew .	He daughter came home and said she was having fun so she did n't leave .
He played on teams in grade school and high school .	His friend , Leo , also loved to play soccer , but he did not play well .
I hated my name .	I decided to change it .
Jan drove to the hospital .	And doctors were able to stop the bleeding .
Jane had been trying to get pregnant for around two years now .	She was at the fertility clinic with her husband .
An old man answered the door and greeted Ray .	Ray told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate .
Richard puts up a good fight .	Roxy utilizes her skills to her full potential .
It came down to overtime .	We ended up winning it 3 to 2 .
Ally felt a little uneasy going to the dance in a homemade dress .	A number of the girls at the dance commented how pretty it was .
She just retired this past month .	Susan decided to sell her house .
Her dad sat in the kitchen eating a sandwich , none the wiser .	Lynn had never done anything so daring .
Jill really wanted to ride it .	Her mother gave her a dollar so she could get on it .
They lived in a valley and flooding was common .	The rainy had been coming down for three straight days .
She left them in the trunk of her car so the kids would n't find them .	She thought it would be okay since the weather was still so cold .
I saw a commercial for a playstation 4 and wanted one badly .	I looked at my bank account and I had enough money .
She bought an at-home glycolic acid skin peel and applied it .	After an hour , she rinsed it off and checked her skin in the mirror .
It took a year to read the seven novels .	When I finished I bought Madeleines and ate them .
Steve began tucking his daughter into bed .	She asked him to look underneath it and check for monsters .
He learned as much about filmmaking as he could .	Once he felt prepared , he gathered all his friends who wanted to help .
The trail we very muddy and difficult .	I got my jeep stuck .
I went to a sushi bar last night for dinner .	I ordered a spicy tuna roll , extra hot .
Lucas was swimming in the Caribbean Sea .	He swam between a large rock , and was shocked by what he saw .
I bought a recipe book with a number of styles .	I had trouble getting the crust right .
Yves decided to make chocolate instead .	He grabbed some cacao beans and made milk chocolate .
Trying to keep quiet , they inched towards it .	Jon stepped on a branch , and the deer was scared off .
Tim was trimming palm trees along the street .	A big branch fell to the ground just as a young woman was passing .
One day she wore sandals to class and Mark gave her a compliment .	She wore sandals again and heard her feet looked like boat oars .
The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison .	I was happy that I no longer had to fear her .
Mischa was out for dinner with friends .	The waiter informed them that they were the lucky diners .
He had an amazing time in Hawaii .	Joe decided to stay there indefinitely .
The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top .	Finally , the individual pencils are carved into shape .
Jim could not get the computer to work .	No matter what he tried , nothing would come up on the monitor .
On opening night , he heard kids saying it was the scariest thing ever !	Brad was so happy he almost danced with glee !
Gina wanted to do something about this .	So she started trying to socialize her dog more with others .
His mother wanted him to get rid of them .	One day he saw a hungry squirrel .
She had to get back to work as quickly as possible .	There as a project that had to be completed .
Finally his mother pointed it out .	It turns out it was in Africa .
He drove thirty minutes to a pet store .	When he got there , he could not decide which fish he wanted .
I asked her what on earth she was doing there , on a weekday .	She told me the minister had gotten her pregnant .
He held on to the bag with his teeth and pulled .	The bag opened suddenly and potato chips flew everywhere !
I suddenly see this random shirt flying in my direction .	It landed on the road before me , I had to drive over it .
They were predicting over two feet of snow !	Jeff threw open his window curtains .
I did it in the rain and often in the snow .	I hated getting a flat tire .
They go every week .	Their favorite part is feeding the ducks .
Last night , he wore a top hat .	I ca n't wait to see what he wears tonight at dinner !
He struggled with finding meaning in his life .	He thought he wanted to be a successful artist .
Janice was at the park but it started raining so she hid .	She was bored but saw another girl nearby also hiding from the rainy .
Instead , he stood his ground and waved his arms to look bigger .	The bear finally turned and wandered off the other way .
I am a very indecisive shopper so I am a little stressed .	Today I decided I was going to use two gift cards .
Tom was looking through his pantry for a snack .	He was about to grab a banana .
Karl was arrested for vandalism and fighting .	He was sentenced to anger management classes .
One day some dogs got into the back yard with Gretchen .	They chased her and bit her until she became very exhausted .
A group of college students came into the restaurant .	They sat down and told the waitress what they want to eat .
The next morning she fixed a cup of coffee and headed to the interview .	The interviewer was an old friend from college .
He placed him on top of his bed .	Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts .
She placed a nectar feeder outside on her back patio .	She waited for days to see a hummingbird .
He uploaded all the footage to his computer .	Ben spent several nights editing footage .
He packed sandwiches and drinks .	Then he packed all the kids into the van .
Maude fell down the stairs and broke her ankle .	She shrieked something fierce , so Uncle Bob came running .
Alice decided she would look for a recipe to bake a pie .	Alice found her grandmother 's recipe .
He put ham and cheese on a muffin .	Then , he put it in the microwave .
Jim 's bank account was low .	He did not know why .
I looked around but saw no fires .	Next to me was a tall tree .
Chris and Joe were making eggs on a cast iron skillet .	Chris tried to wash the pan first with soap .
Instead , his mom found a cool spray that would preserve it .	Then , she hung it on a string and made an ornament .
Matt needed new boots for winter .	But his family was too poor to buy them for him !
Her mother told her there was no extra money in her budget for Amy .	When she asked her grandmother she told her she had no money .
The fourth boy , still on the cliff , looked down at the boys .	They boys looked up at the boy on the cliff with disapproval .
I met a beautiful lady while I was in college .	I mustered up the courage to ask her out .
He would hold each of us in each arm .	One day he let me go a little too soon .
He paid for it at the register and rushed home .	Jack played his new video game all afternoon !
I hate spicy food !	But , I decided to eat it .
He worked hard and felt that he deserved it .	But when he asked his boss , he was denied .
I was craving tacos really badly .	After work , I picked up the ingredients and went home .
He wins 3 more times , and then enters a losing streak .	Eric keeps betting hoping to get his money back .
Tim is the star quarterback at Notre Dame .	But he is failing in school .
Nancy was driving to her job .	The car maintenance light turned on .
He then spread some more around the perimeter of his house .	He put up clear signs of poison to warn his neighbors .
I built a ramp about halfway down the hill .	When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast .
There I spent forever looking for one .	I finally found the perfectly awesome choice .
I have been busy studying for the past few days .	I hope to do well on my exams .
She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground .	She hoped it would look like she was exercising .
Finally , he decided to buy a monkey .	He took the monkey home , and they soon became best friends
She picked out a dress .	He took her to dinner .
JD became angry with the company .	JD no longer submits his writings to that company .
The day is finally here .	They have decided to wear three different outfits .
Jonathan was intimated by his brother throughout the match .	Jonathan was able to beat his brother in record time .
Having a little world full of nice animals and building a home was fun .	I will never forget that game .
He quietly opened his door and stepped inside .	Billy reached around to find the light switch .
Little Jimmy loved playing with legos .	His parents would always get mad that he would n't put them away .
First she pulled out the weeds and thorny plants .	Then she used a rake to break up the clay .
Still , it 's a job and I need money	So I made them and got paid anyway .
Sal had a toga party with his friends .	After the party , he decided that he wanted to wear togas more often .
She started sorting them .	She put everything into categories .
Sam decided to try and make clothes of silk .	Sam soon sold out his supply and was a rich man !
He took up reading voraciously .	He read many of the most highly regarded works of literature .
Dani went to the store and bought drywall .	She patched the wall up .
We decided to order pizza for dinner .	We were excited when the pizza got here only to find it was destroyed .
Then , he spotted a vending machine .	Inside , there were bags of Skittles .
It really hurt .	She picked out some really pretty earrings .
My friend and I decided to make latkes .	We shredded the potato and onion .
James was in fifth grade .	One day , he saw a girl doing some interesting origami .
Finally she heard back from a grocery store in the suburbs .	It was further than she liked , but Amy was happy to have a job .
He said it was really yucky !	He ran home and jumped in the shower .
Perry was made fun of alot at school .	They called him names because of his weight .
Amy worked harder in the class than previously .	The teacher approached Amy and told her she was receiving a D .
She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him .	She did n't ask him though .
Charlie was excited for his date with Samantha .	His wore his nicest shirt and his favorite cologne .
She was running late for work on Monday .	She had no coffee and low blood sugar .
It led me deep into the woods .	Eventually , I found a large pond in the woods .
A woman spent all her pay on lottery scratch-offs .	She did so every week .
Beth wrote her roommate a note asking that she buys her own .	The next day Beth noticed that she did buy her own .
James heard about a party on the pier .	But no one told him the party was on a boat .
It 's his girlfriend 's birthday and he had a party planned for her .	He takes the job anyway .
It would n't heat up .	He checked the water heater .
As soon as his head touched the fan , he got smacked in the head .	When I tried to see if he was okay , he could n't stop crying .
He felt humiliated but was determined to make an impression .	He swaggered on stage swinging his hips with gusto .
His friends asked if he could play .	They made up a new game called street ball .
Margo was going to the Rocky Horror Picture Show .	During the show , there were games .
As she walked home from class she checked her missed texts .	Her mother wanted her to get milk .
She went to the piercing parlor with her friend .	Her friend held her hand while they pierced her ears .
There was so much information to learn !	Neil found Sicily very educational .
Bob thought he would make a bad box .	Bob ended up making the best box in class !
He was really tired from such a busy day .	He was about to watch TV when his boss called him .
Her friend Kim was furious .	But Amy did n't care .
That 's why I sounded like an idiot on stage .	At least it was an honest reaction .
Jo woke up feeling very sick and tired .	He called into work and then went to the doctor .
He asked his friend , jordan for help .	Jordan gave him some advice .
I could barely make it through .	She was happy that I did and it was worth it , though .
He even got straight A 's on his first report card .	One day he failed at playing chess .
One of them slipped and fell .	The other two laughed rudely .
It 's sitting in the dumpster at the fire station .	It broke my heart to get rid of it .
Sean was in his kitchen .	He noticed a few gnats flying around .
Tim and Leslie went to the beach .	it was raining and rather cold out .
And he decided to leave his kitchen for a while .	He came back 5 minutes later .
Tina was nervous for her piano recital .	She was shaking as she walked upon the stage .
The scales and the way their eyes looked mad And scared .	One day , And visited a reptile expo .
My husband and I were sad that our dog had died .	We decided to get a new dog .
Two friends were talking to each other on the phone .	One friend fumbled a word as he tried to pronounce it .
I love going to concerts and have always wanted to crowd surf .	Two years ago my boyfriend and I attended and EDM concert .
The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey !	From then on , Bart made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition .
Tim 's friends were playing .	Tim did n't want John to play .
I put a towel under where it was leaking to absorb the water .	I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car .
I knew I had the space and time , so I agreed to foster them .	The next day , I picked up a Chihuahua mix and her two puppies .
He collected as many as he could .	His parents ' entire basement was given over to giant train sets .
Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll .	When she got home , Amy stuck the doll in the closet .
They used shovels and tilled the ground .	The kids planted marigolds .
To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal .	I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles .
It was her first time ever !	She was excited to play in the waves .
Jill screamed at her boss for complaining about her work .	Jill was warned that she would be fired if she acted up again .
But what she thought was a real diamond turned out to be fake .	The jeweler only offered her ten dollars for it .
To grandma 's house they went .	But with a pop and skid , the wagon went off the road .
Tryouts for his school 's team were in one month .	Jose practiced his soccer skills day in and day out .
He thought he was going to die .	His parents helped pull out his tooth .
The boat was traveling for a long time .	It was out at sea on a mission .
The police promptly found Jon and arrested him .	Jon went to prison for three years .
Javier has always been afraid of riding the subway in New York City .	His friends tease him for always walking or riding the bus .
His mom was worried about getting in trouble .	She worked hard to make his attendance better .
She made an appointment .	The doctor told her she had anemia .
Her first pet was a toy dog named Ziggy , who fit in her purse .	She had eight hours with Ziggy , and became so attached .
And he found herbal medicine online .	The medicine made him feel much better .
He began to dig all day .	At the end of the day , he just found an anchor .
Quickly , she began digging through her mom 's purse .	Luckily , she managed to find several quarters .
Amy and Charles were going on a cruise for their anniversary .	They booked and packed for a trip to the Caribbean .
Nobody was able to get the coin from him .	Charlie laughed and the boys went to get ice cream .
Bill worried that he was not stylish enough for Jane .	Bill decided to buy a leather jacket and some jeans to look cooler .
I looked at the news and saw there was a festival .	I got in my car and drove to the event .
She told him that what he was doing is wrong .	He told her that if she told anyone , something bad would happen .
Sean liked boxers .	He had never tried briefs .
One day Tim made the winning basket .	Kimberly planted a kiss on his cheek .
The barista told her she 'd just missed Chris Adler !	Mary did n't know that was Megadeth 's guitarist .
Sandy was having a conversation in the break room .	Jim entered the break room to get his lunch and left .
My friends and I were filming a skit .	We wrote the ideas and were preparing a set .
Then she announced first place , and she named him .	She had been saving the best for last !
He packed up all of his belongings .	The movers loaded the truck with the boxes and furniture .
Kelly was riding the bus home from school .	She was so tired that she began to drift to sleep .
Mac started writing an editorial in the school paper .	It was called Ask Mac .
She was ungrateful to say the least .	Until she once met a man who used her .
The one that hit last week was supposed to be bigger .	They thought they could survive it as well .
She walked into the school and stared at her schedule .	She consulted the map to find her class .
He took several minutes to write everything out .	When he was done with the outline , he showed it to me .
She took it home and cared for it .	Soon she planted it in her yard .
For a long time , she was having a hard time picking anything up .	Then , she read about a cool method .
Stacy was taking a spelling test .	She was doing great .
He got the job to save up for a video game .	He worked for hours to save up for this awesome game .
Bob loved to run through the park .	Yesterday while he was running he twisted his ankle .
They went to the park and invited friends and family .	The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake .
She had it for Years and loved it .	Then she got pregnant .
Fred 's mom got very scared for her son .	She frantically started texting and calling him .
It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch .	He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends .
Bob loved all the great new music !	He wrote down the names of the bands to remember them .
Anna decided to dig for buried treasure on the beach .	She took her metal detector and set out along the shore .
It was very sweet that he always wanted to hug us .	But sometimes it was a bit too much .
Ike loved eating hot dogs , and he had a big appetite .	He decided to enter a hot dog eating contest .
It decided to make the prarie its new home .	The goat lived out the rest of its life at the new prarie .
Angela had gained some weight in her belly .	She started going to more exercise classes to shape up .
The sirens went off and they were loud .	I was really scared .
They made her breakfast in bed .	They covered the eggs in ketchup to make them red .
Including a pet bird Tim had .	One day the bird started to fight back .
Today was the day Hannah began her new job .	She was very nervous .
Eli was having some issues with certain sounds .	His teacher contacted his parents to let them know .
Marty must choose between two schools .	His first choice is Harvard .
She had instructions for how to change her tire .	She was so proud when she managed to do it herself !
He asked the rescue team if they needed any help .	The man spent the rest of the day helping the rescue team .
The students learned that the fire alarms was just a drill exercise .	The students were relieved as they returned to class .
My friend invited me on his family 's ski trip .	I was nervous and inexperienced .
She decided to make some life changes .	She started seeing a life coach .
After a while , it looked like the warriors would be the best team .	In the end , they won the world championship !
She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free .	I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her .
Joe tripped carrying a carton of milk .	He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill .
Around night time , Jane saw Dan in front of her house .	He told her to look outside .
I put on my clothes and shoes .	I walked to the grocery store .
One year , in his 30s , he decided it was time to call it quits .	On his farewell tour , he breaks his knee in a game .
He gathered some friends and attended it .	The crowd was too mellow for Brian 's enthusiasm .
At home , Edward followed the recipe to make lasagna .	Edward enjoyed the lasagna dinner that he had cooked himself .
Gus forgot to take his lunch to school .	He was very hungry but he did n't have any money .
He pulled out a shopping list he made to check what to get .	Ray started at the top and worked his way down .
Helen always overslept in the mornings before school .	She would try to wake at six but sleep until eight every day !
She was shunned by people she trusted for asking questions .	Ultimately she decided to let it all go to focus on her own happiness .
Paige took out a loan for a new house .	The next day , Paige lost her job .
Fred took him home but his parents made him put it back .	Fred was disappointed .
As I was merging onto the highway I slowed down .	The driver behind me was n't paying attention and hit me .
I decided to hit her .	My sister began crying .
It was a dark and stormy night .	Dan shivered and shone his flashlight all around him .
Randall has been applying for jobs from home for months .	He is started to feel very cooped up in his apartment .
Donald got a delicious cake for his birthday .	He had a slice and wanted more .
One runner tripped and fell on his face .	The other runner ran past him and won the race .
Yet Kelly had been sick .	She really needed an extension .
When it arrives , I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat .	I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school .
He waited all week for a letter from her .	When it arrived , he tore it open eagerly .
He found an affordable sedan he wanted .	Jerald bought the sedan .
Annie sat at her desk ready to work on her novel .	She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration .
She decided she needed a break .	She ran away to find peace .
Someone jumped out with a chainsaw and Jesse and his friends ran .	They ran fast to the end of the maze , completely out of breath .
One day I saw a person working on a painting of the pond .	i approached her and offered her $ 50 for the painting .
We played in a run down playground on Tyler Street .	One day my brother and I were climbing a structure .
Cruz was highly allergic to nuts of all kind .	He attended his grandma 's party and had a piece of cake .
Zack had loved animals since he was a child .	His dream was to create a zoo full of his favorite animals .
She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her .	Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever !
Sonya was saving money in her bank .	She was saving to pay a credit card debt .
He goes to the dealership and picks out a car he likes .	The dealer says that Sam must first pass a credit check .
The only station I could pick up was a talk radio station .	The announced told listeners to stay on the smooth tip .
There was a little girl who had become lost from her family .	Alice helped her find them and the family was very grateful .
Helena finally got the toy she had begged for for weeks .	She brought it to school to show everyone .
I feel it takes to much time .	As a result , I never brush my hair .
Kathy was incredibly afraid of needles .	Despite this , she volunteered to donate blood at the local drive .
She decided to dye her hair purple yesterday .	It was a curious decision .
Beth got out of bed , and noticed how nice it was outside .	Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach .
Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked .	Sally bought the puppy and brought it home .
Nala was unprepared for her Spanish test .	She could not think of any of the answers .
Every morning he liked to do 200 burpees .	Around the 35th burpee , Rich started feeling dizzy .
She worked really hard on the recipe .	Still , the cake came out weird .
He often would eat the food while he prepped it .	One day the manager caught him eating the food .
She had seen a movie and was now at dinner	She had a nice meal with her friends
It turns out that he is one of London 's most wanted criminals .	Jane calls the police and reports him .
Bob had heard good things about Mozart 's 39th symphony .	He was n't used to classical music and was not expecting to like it .
Alana had written a best-selling fantasy novel .	She decided to write a sequel to the book .
Kelly was nervous to introduce her boyfriend to her parents .	When they rang the doorbell her parents looked at him quizzically .
A long time ago a doctor named Alan was drafted by the army .	Alan was so good they put him in charge of healing the soldier 's .
When she got to the shop and found that they were closed .	She walked around the plaza and noticed the back door was open .
A bone is placed between them .	All 3 dogs grab a section of the bone at the same time .
He hid the empty wrappers under the other kitchen trash .	He insisted to his mom that he had n't eaten any candy .
Rory found out she was adopted .	Rory decided that she wanted to find out who her birth parents were .
Deb enrolled in her first tournament ever after two months .	She walked away with the second place trophy .
Others wanted it in another city .	Since they could n't decide they decide to wait to build it .
Unfortunately there were n't any .	Leslie was mad .
Bill always loosened the cap on the salt shaker in restaurants .	Bill would wait and watch the victims of his pranks , laughing .
She decided to start on a jigsaw puzzle .	After 6 hours she completed the jigsaw puzzle .
He then began to feel jittery .	Joe could n't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness .
Tyler is starting school at a nearby university today .	He decides that he should pack a lunch for his first day .
The cop pulled me over .	I asked him to please not give me a ticket .
A guy flirted with his mother .	But Charles did n't care , he was having the ride of his life .
Joe decided to order a pizza .	He wanted to be different , so he ordered one with pineapple .
He spent the next month collecting cans .	He turned the cans in for cash .
They had bet he could n't win a toy .	Julian was on his second out of three tries and had n't won a toy .
Finally Tyler asks her to the prom	Jen is so relieved to have a prom date .
Gary saw his crush at the gym .	In an attempt to impress her , he picked up several weights .
Her father and mother had been at a party all day .	At 11 PM they were both still drinking .
One day , after a trip to South Africa , Hector decides to write again !	When he finishes the novel , he knows it is his best writing yet .
A container ship left China with a cargo of rare earth metals .	While it was at sea , the market for rare earths collapsed .
I read and studied all the course materials they gave to me .	I enrolled in several exercise classes while in the program .
Sam went to practice every day and worked very hard .	Sam never missed a game and her team made it to the championship .
She did very well and won first prize !	She was hoping to be awarded a large trophy .
But he loves watching them anyway .	He sometimes sneaks into the theater .
He noticed his brother was distracted .	Then , he threw the balloon right at his face .
She went to the garden center .	She bought some roses .
Vanessa and fred are married .	Fred has been tired of the marriage .
Laura is a kindergarten teacher in charge of ten kids .	One school day during roll call she only counted 9 children .
I decided to visit her .	I got to the top floor and peered outside the window .
Nina had a secret .	She had dropped out .
Noah had been saving for a car for two Year 's .	Yesterday , on his birthday , his parents bought him a car .
He just put it up now .	He miscalculated and ran out of paper .
The worst thing was it was on silent .	She asked friends to call it hoping she could see the screen light up .
Jane got a perfect score .	She was greatly relieved .
Ramona decided to take him to the vet .	The vet confirmed the dog was sick .
He paid for the balls and drove to the golf course .	He met up with his team and distributed the balls .
Due to a special scholarship , Brian was able to attend a good college .	Brian studied political science and philosophy .
I saw a penny lying there on the ground .	Watching it , I contemplated whether I should pick it up .
The other is telling silly stories .	In the end we all get fed and enjoy our time together !
Afterwards , I was told I had a cold .	After taking the medicine I feel much better .
She adored her humans more than anything , but needed a furry friend .	Callie the cat was recently adopted .
She promised that she will pay my back .	After several days , I asked if she has the money .
Barry played with him for a bit to make sure he liked him .	Barry then bought the cat and took him home .
When he tried to drive off the property , he got his truck stuck .	He was not happy that he had to get the tractor to tow out his truck .
He wanted to sell plastic molded copies of his work .	This was n't easy to do locally due to the small population .
Michelle used the recordings to practice all summer .	She blew everyone away during her next audition in the fall .
They needed a way to keep girls out .	They decided to make a password .
There was a snowstorm coming and Maria had to drive to work .	Maria left her house very early in order to get there on time .
Jay has been working at the restaurant .	A customer came in , demanding free food .
One of the guys playing basketball asked Greg to join the game .	Greg was relieved that he was going to get to play .
He put in a chocolate bar for his dessert .	When it was lunch time he took out his food .
He gives his students a daily project to work on .	Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy .
Tanner was moving into a new home .	He needed to get his couch through the door .
Laura could n't afford to buy a dress for the school dance .	She made one out of a pretty floral fabric .
I wished they had n't posted them .	Then I realized that I should n't hate the way I look .
My friend Rupert was carrying a long mirror to his room .	I told him a broken mirror is 7 years bad luck .
Paleontologists had learned much from the fossils it contained .	Now it was time to share it with the world .
She had no idea there was fast food Chinese food .	Amy loved it so much she ate it the next day as well .
Plotting out local gyms , he had come to choose between two .	The only problem was , he needed a gym partner and had none .
They said that I was an extremely wise and a considerate patient .	I gave them a hug at the end of the day .
He asked if he can borrow Henry 's phone .	However , Henry turned off his phone .
Tina is a beautiful administrative assistant .	She flaunts her beauty in front of her married boss .
But , when she checked the tracking she saw that they were too far .	She was really disappointed and did n't know what to do .
Rebecca realizes that she has gained weight .	She decides to stop eating carbohydrates .
Evan , ten and timid , went to the theme park with his family .	This summer he was finally tall enough to ride the roller coaster !
She attracts male cats at every apartment we live in .	One male cat comes to our window everyday .
Two kids were playing football in the street .	They tried to see how far they could throw to each other .
When they go to investigate they find that the basement is flooded .	They have to spend all night dealing with a flooded basement .
Joy does n't know how to play chess but has always wanted to learn .	Her grandfather has a chess board and knows how to play .
Sarah was nowhere to be seen .	It was time to act .
Jessie helps Dana to the car and rush to the hospital .	Later that night , Dana delivers a healthy baby boy .
Kim was soaked when she arrived home .	She walked home from school in the rain with no umbrella .
Martin went to camp with his friends .	Martin and his friends found a nice camping spot .
Donald grew frustrated when he lost his match .	The computer remained silent .
Every boy in town was too shy to talk to her .	They all thought she had a boyfriend .
He suddenly remembered today was trash day !	Cal quickly grabbed the kitchen trash bag and ran outside .
Addison likes ferryboats .	She takes one to work every day .
A school teacher passed by and noticed she was struggling .	Megan explained that she could n't read , so the teacher wanted to help .
He had lots of fun at the pool .	He spent lots of time swimming and playing in the water .
Her friends and family tell her that volleyball is not ladylike .	However , she persists in following her dream .
After that warning , we tried to not have any more parties .	However one night , a small gathering turned into a house full of 100 !
His favorite is coming to his town to give a speech .	He saved up money and asked for the day off .
Jay was always shy around Linda .	One day Linda asked Jay for a pencil .
My friend Bobby called to invite me out to dinner .	We settled on a date , time , and place .
Sally often did most of the work in team projects .	At the next staff meeting , Sally 's boss gave her a special award .
His old man does n't think he 's lived up to his potential .	And Billy thinks his dad 's a stick in the mud .
He wanted to lose the weight .	He worked out everyday for an hour .
And the goose made loud honking noises .	It was enough to wake up Sarah in time .
Lester enjoyed watching movies at the theater .	He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases .
But in 9th grade he learned how horrible slavery was for blacks .	He wrote a research paper on the origins of black slavery in America .
Bjorn was a Viking .	He sailed the sea with his crew .
On her most recent ride , Susan forgot her helmet .	Susan 's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path .
Kelly had a drawing with her work last week about winning an iPad .	She never thought she would win but she tried anyway .
Karen 's kids decided they wanted ice-cream in the middle of a blizzard	She had absolutely no intention of trying to drive to the store .
Tyler ordered a pizza .	He waited for it for almost an hour .
She stumbled over the large , raised crack .	Gina spilled half her chips on the sidewalk .
It was worth millions of dollars .	I decided to murder her so I could get the money .
Benny watched in awe as big sharks swam by .	He was visiting the aquarium with his dad .
She answered an ad that wanted a babysitter .	She headed over to the house and met the parents as well as the kid .
Craig was saving up to buy his dream car .	He was finally able to buy it .
He had the whole class believing them .	The teacher heard about it .
One day , Rex saw a little bird hopping on the street .	Rex managed to get off his chain and took the bird by surprise .
They sold out within an hour !	Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club .
A girl walked past and shouted something rude .	When Nina confronted her , she became even meaner .
It turned out that was a virus .	Dani immediately deleted it and cleaned the virus from her phone .
When I was 14 my parents got pregnant .	A month after my 15th birthday , by sister was born .
She climbed to the top of the tree to take the frisbee .	She was using it again and it landed in the trash this time .
Eva sold more cookies than anyone else in her troop .	Eva earned the nickname , `` Cookie . ''
Mike 's mom gave him permission to get a fish .	Mike chose a blue tetra at the pet store .
I was in prison .	I decided to change my life .
I especially like the ones with loops and chains .	Occasionally I will break one accidentally while solving .
I completed a qualification to do the HIT .	Then the HIT guided me to write a story .
She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed .	In the morning , there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust .
When she does the officer arrests her .	She learns that her sister has been committing crime using her name .
They were raising his premium as a result of all the tickets !	Steve , dejected , resolved to be more careful in the future .
One day , Greg goes home and finds his mom bought a dog .	Greg and the dog become best friends !
One day , my friends and I were wanting to hang out .	We decided to go rock climbing .
Her family wanted to do something special for Karen .	Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise .
Tim and Mary invited Susan and Joe out camping on Sunday .	Susan and Joe acted enthusiastic about the trip .
Kelly decided to start a retirement account .	Even though she had decades to go , she thought it would be nice .
After the party there was a big mess to clean up .	None of her friends stayed to help her .
However , one day , Juanita became lost in a new city .	She wished she had a smartphone with a map .
She was excited as the fight started .	During the fight , she saw how the bull was abused .
The thirty six emails from him had scared her .	She decided to go on social media , but immediately closed the page .
He paused for a moment to compose his thoughts .	He decide to bet it all on the next card .
Will went to his house to check on him .	Jack had an adventure go wrong by falling down a hill with Jill .
She searched Amazon for a good book .	She found one book with many positive reviews .
Raven was a nurse .	She lost her job for some undisclosed reason .
He opened up the fridge and saw no milk .	He let out a sigh and made himself toast instead .
The teacher gave us an assignment in class to write a short story .	I had no idea what to write .
Matt and jimmy visited an abandoned asylum .	Matt ran ahead and got lost .
Sandra went to the mall to buy her mother something for Christmas .	She tried a shoe store , but did n't know her mother 's shoe size .
Amy met a one of her co-workers for the first time .	The co-worker asked Amy to ring up a purchase for her .
As soon as Jack opens the door he flattens the guy on the other side .	Jack 's scared when she tells him the man is a cop , not her attacker ,
Jeff wanted to play football his senior year but was too skinny .	He wanted to be a wide receiver but was n't fast enough either .
Maxine had tried eating tuna before but had never eaten salmon .	Her friends told her that salmon was delicious and she should try it .
London was busy catching up with laundry .	She was puzzled when the clothes would n't dry in the dryer .
Sara was terrified of horses , even though her mom trained them .	She desperately wanted to conquer her fears and be able to ride .
Jane was experiencing her first pregnancy .	She was only one month from due date and still growing .
The only explanation was the cat .	He found her in his bedroom with the tuna .
He awoke in a panic and paddled ashore .	The guy looked around and wondered how long he was asleep .
She had no experience so she made a fake resume .	On the resume , she put her friend 's phone numbers as fake employers .
Suddenly , the car jerked forward and hit her car .	It ended up scraping her car badly .
He went around smelling and touching all of the plants .	Soon after Mark became really itchy and red .
She poops on the floor on rare occasion .	Last night she pooped on the bedroom carpet .
The fire raged throughout the night at the park .	Firemen from 6 towns all came to combat the fire .
On Christmas Day , Jay received a very large box .	Curious , she unwrapped and opened the box and took out the contents .
I went into the exhibit with Benjamin .	He asked me to marry him , I said No .
Lucy , unable to find her own , was extremely jealous .	Just as she was about to give up , a sand dollar washed up by her feet .
He decided to light his house on fire .	He took a match and lit the living room on fire .
Her teammates were inspired by her words .	Her team ended up winning the next game .
I did not enjoy Spanish class this year .	My grades were n't good , so I needed to do well on the final exam .
Their school principal found out about the club .	He was very supportive of them practicing these skills .
Lynn and her friends were busted sneaking in at midnight .	Lynn 's mom was Irate .
Liza had her pizza in the oven .	When she took it out it was hot .
He decided to take the highway to get to the store faster .	The back of the truck opened up by accident .
Jason decides to stop by the bar on the way home from work .	He should n't drive after drinking so he does n't plan to stay long .
Tom bought some shells for Clint 's birthday .	His car would not start , so he rode his son 's bike to Clint 's shop .
Andrew decided to talk to her .	The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny .
She went home to get started on the project .	Betty 's mom was proud that she did n't ask for any help .
He first applied at a fast food place .	Then he went to a library to apply .
Claire realized she was out of flour .	Claire climbed in her car and headed to the store to buy flour .
Then I took a job where I started at two in the morning .	I started drinking coffee to get through my shift .
The teacher challenged the man to a one on one match of basketball .	He ended up winning by 12 points .
The kids had to pay for the broken window .	Now the kids do n't play baseball in the street anymore .
They had n't been separated this long .	Time ran off into class excited .
They were very happy when I finished all of the shoveling .	My parents bought me a new game for all of my hard work .
He was paralyzed by a gunshot wound .	The doctors said he would never walk again .
This girl Alexis and I were chatting last night .	She got mad at me for saying her music tastes was bad .
I 'm working in the yard today .	I am picking up all the random sticks .
Ellen really wanted another cookie .	Her mother told her no .
Since he liked chess , she made him custom chess pieces .	He was delighted to receive the gift .
Tori loved cake .	She went to a fancy bakery to get some .
Sam was scared and drove slowly .	Eventually he made it through and got to his destination .
This time his little cousin got hurt in a fight .	Jason felt badly and could n't apologize enough .
James wanted to play outside in the snow .	He found a nearby hill that looked great for sledding .
2 men were holding up an old woman , trying to steal her purse .	I rushed to help , and with the woman behind me , drove them both away .
Later she wanted a job that she liked better .	Now Sandra works at a clothes store with better working conditions .
Gina often had to visit 2 stores to get enough .	It was inconvenient , but Gina felt it was worth it .
He wondered if it would really work .	He put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking .
While in the canoe , Ted 's youngest daughter fell out .	Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to rescue his daughter .
Rich Cameron wrote an article for the community newspaper .	As the printing machine printed copies new information came in .
One day after school , his father told him that he lost his job .	They would no longer be able to send him to the private school .
While looking for shells , something shiny caught her eye .	Betty found a bottle !
Eric had glasses his whole life .	He was almost blind without them .
When they purchased it they got their stuff and moved in .	Everything seemed to go well .
He wiped all of the patties with paper towels to remove excess grease .	And he hid the salt packets to prevent anyone from having them .
The next thing she knew , she was sitting on the ground at the bottom .	Friends informed her she had passed out before attempting the jump .
On the first pitch , the slugger hit a home run right towards Jimmy !	Leaping up , Jimmy was thrilled to successfully catch the ball !
Three weeks later she got a phone call .	The contest administrators were calling to say she 'd won !
He loved cabbage but he ate no other veggies at all .	Then his mom got him to try Brussels sprouts .
Rick forgot to bring his gym clothes to school .	But before his gym class started , it began to rainy .
They came back to the hotel and got ready .	They went out to a club and danced .
The cook tried to speak to me in a different language .	I did n't understand however , my friend did .
One day when she came home from work , she noticed one window open .	She called the police who came and said her apartment was broken into .
Ron hated music and thought it was all annoying noise .	Most days he enjoyed simply sitting in silence .
Rachel and Timmy wanted to do something on a Sunday .	Rachel suggested that they go to the zoo .
Ally and Jake were siblings .	They loved to play videogames together .
I went to the bank yesterday .	I needed to make a quick deposit and noticed they had candy out .
The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake .	He used one side and I got the other .
She had saved up money from her summer job .	Her boyfriend took her to the guitar shop .
Jenna got a dog .	She loved the dog very much .
A few years ago , everyone around me was learning to skateboard .	I wanted to try to do it to , but had no experience .
Dave really hated this and wanted to get him back .	The next time , Dave tricked John and scared him instead !
They wanted to take the new hiking trail to the river .	After hiking a short distance they noticed that the trail stopped .
He offered to take the report card to his mother instead .	To his dismay he was told the cards were mailed the day before .
He recently hired a professional instructor to teach him how to play .	The instructor arrived and attempted to teach John the basics .
Gary stole Hannah 's teddy bear .	He told her that in order to get it back , he has to beat her in chess .
Unlike many , I do not use photos of family or pets .	I am a transit buff , so I feature photos of subway cars and trolleys .
A little boy was trapped in the car .	Jim saved the little boy .
He decided to put on a scarf over his eyes .	Everyone thought that was a part of the gag and laughed .
She was running down the court with the ball .	She tripped and twisted her ankle .
Dana loves it .	Dana finally has a new color for her nails .
It was thick and scruffy .	However , it kept him from getting a job .
Tim was on vacation .	He went to a casino .
He watched this young woman text very fast .	He began to do his best to emulate her .
Just as he was pulling the fish up , a beautiful sunrise emerged .	John could n't believe the sight and he was brought to tears .
But he saw a small puppy by itself .	He decided to carry it .
He decided to join the UFC competitions	After his preliminary fight , he instantly got accepted
Josh worked on Mechanical Turk .	He did a lot of work for ROC-NLP-Research .
She saved up money for two Year 's .	Jan bought a plane ticket to Paris .
Zachary knew that he had a special ability .	He knew instantly when someone was lying .
One evening I walked up to a white senior lady co worker to talk .	My boss looked shocked and told me to see him in his office .
Cara was making rolls for dinner .	She left the dough to sit on the counter and rise .
I went to the local shoe shop .	I tried on several different pairs .
He came across a post he disagreed with , so he posted a response .	His response started an argument that lasted for two hours .
The whole family came every year , packing her little trailer full .	The last year of her life , she did it all , even though she had cancer .
He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day every year .	He walked around the cemetery .
She noticed a crowd gathered in front of a building .	She walked over and saw a dancing bear .
I wanted to live every writer 's dream .	I bought a small cabin in the woods .
Sarah always loved tater-tots .	Those little balls of fried potatoes really made her happy .
Jenna was going sun tanning at the beach .	She read a book while catching the sun .
Todd build a fire so they could cook dinner and stay warm .	They roasted hot dogs around the fire , had s'mores , and told stories .
Bob had recently acquired an old box of storage from his grandfather .	He decided to look through it one day .
Larissa had always been mean and bossy .	When Larissa was twenty-eight , she got a boyfriend .
My wife got a raise at her job .	On very proud of her because I know how hard she has worked .
She had a great time there .	She met many friends there .
I signed up for a billboards tournament .	I was in competition against some of the best players in the town .
Hank angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music .	But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes .
Jimmy searched online for a new laptop .	He found a deal through eBay .
My mom was cleaning out the table .	Since she thought that my homework was trash , she threw it away .
No one questioned her , because she worked at a food magazine .	One day , Lisa 's friends decided to plan a potluck .
He had heard so much about the Cliffs of Moher .	He took a trip there and he had to agree with the other visitors .
She finally found one she liked .	She was able to work out a great deal with the dealership .
The Bonds were ready to plant this year 's vegetable garden .	They took a trip to the nursery to buy the plants they needed .
Alex did not feel the need to get a new job soon .	Alex 's parents demanded that he seek some type of work .
They went to many bars and had lots of drinks .	Eventually Jim became very inebriated .
Finally she has a big argument with her friends about fur .	She decides to never see them again .
Sam read on , curious and thrilled .	He read that he was now an Earl !
He ordered tons of sandwiches and several pizzas .	Then , he never went to pick up the food .
The first day I saw dad driving I gave his car a nickname .	I called it dad 's red rocket .
When she tried it she loved it .	Kelly thought it was amazing .
He decided it was too consistent to be a bug .	It turned out he left an old TV on a dead channel downstairs .
Soon things picked up for the store and Paul was making a profit .	Now Paul is very happy and is his own boss !
The family arrived at the hotel and unpacked .	The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned .
The family ran to check out how nice the water was .	The kids ended up swimming for nearly 2 hours .
Annie always got to chose what her birthday cake would look like .	Last year it had puppies on it .
Timmy got a check in the mail for his birthday .	He took it to the grocery store but they could n't cash it .
Her meal was sat down in front of her .	She saw the shrimp little legs and its tail .
Today i decided to bake some cookies .	i was looking forward to eat some too .
But she really wanted a boy .	To her dismay , her doctor had said she was having a girl .
Then he went home and found the best deal online .	He got it within a couple of days and was really happy .
In 2012 the furnace started shutting down .	The manager refused to send a technician unless he got several calls .
Carefully , I placed the tea next to her .	When she picked it up she shook , spilling tea everywhere .
He ended up getting lost .	he started seeing public housing and suspicious characters .
You then pull up a little further to the rectory and wait for food .	They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave .
Lea was nervous about starting high school .	She had been homeschooled all her life up until then .
Mom was unhappy about the stickers on the walls .	Liam had to clean all the stickers off .
She cut it so bad she had to have stitches .	Hallie now wears shoes when she is outside .
Sam and Tom were fighting over a blanket .	Sam wanted the blanket for his bed .
Maggie was excited to watch it .	She watched the whole thing one night .
He usually did not win , but he still hoped .	He scratched the ticket eagerly .
The neighbor punched Jeff in the face before he could speak .	Jeff limped home and painted his box green the next day .
Mary turned the corner at the new intersection .	A school zone was looming ahead , but Mary did n't see it .
The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence .	I went online and gave the tips positive feedback .
I am a violinist and carry my violin everywhere .	I am usually very careful to not leave my violin behind .
They started doing some tricks until a police officer came over .	He gave them all tickets for skating in a no skating zone .
Jane liked this part of the routine the best .	She got ready to get down on all fours .
One day a squirrel in the yard ran up a tree .	Fluffy followed the squirrel into the branches .
James bought a new book online .	When the book arrived he opened the package with excitement .
She started picking on a boy .	Suddenly , the boy got angry .
He was determined to quit on his birthday .	When it was his birthday , he threw out all his cigarettes .
I wanted to make a stew .	I bought all the ingredients .
Lucy 's grandpa came to pick her up from Mary 's house .	When Lucy came to the car he could see she had a black eye .
Jim chased it down , running fast , but the hat was gone .	Jim wished he had n't gone out in his new hat .
Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad .	She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day .
Soon she could tell that it was the fajitas .	From then on , she hated the taste of them .
She drank so much soda that her teeth began to rot !	She had to be taken into the hospital to have emergency surgery !
Ellie was inspired to learn gymnastics after watching the Olympics .	She went to her first class full of nerves and anticipation .
When it is finished , she realizes she has become sick .	Laura gets plenty of sleep and drinks liquids for a few days .
He would hold cookouts with people who would pay for his hot dogs .	However , people became jealous of Hank and his grill .
I take an elevator to get to my office .	This morning the elevator got stuck .
My dad went in first .	He came out scared of what was inside .
Jemma was overweight and out of shape .	She decided to take her health more seriously .
He made his costume himself .	He always goes trick or treating .
She spent most of the time in the bathroom or in bed .	Kim did n't get discouraged , she is looking forward to her next cruise !
They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack .	He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act .
She studied diligently at her lessons .	Soon she was an expert harpist !
He sang it without knowing the words that well .	When the song was over he wondered what it was called .
Knowing his father was on his deathbed , he decided to make peace .	He saw and talked to his father one day before he died .
Jane could n't sleep sometimes , due to the noise of these birds .	Jane asked Bonnie to move her bird feeder away from Jane 's window .
My friends invited me to a party .	There was beer at the party .
They decided to have a race to the water .	Jake and all his friends fell before they got there .
It was game day and I had a feeling I was going to score .	The quarterback threw me the ball and I caught it and ran for my life .
They walked around to explore different attractions .	One of the workers offered them a chance to play a game .
There , she bought flower bulbs .	She planted them and watched her flowers spring up !
Suddenly there was an alarm blaring .	She grabbed her things and headed for the door .
She was now beautiful and got lots of attention .	She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone .
Recently , Dan allowed his best friend to borrow a comic book .	When Dan asked for the book back , his friend could not find it .
There was a sale going on at Best buy for computers .	I looked at everyone of them and they seem average .
Marissa was a finalist in her school 's spelling bee .	She was not sure how to spell her next word .
When Walter heard about Jesse 's business , he asked if he could join .	Walter and Jesse had great success working together .
It took them two hours to figure out the right path back out .	The sun set and it got dark before they finished their hike .
He apparently wrote it for the wrong date .	Now Jim double checks his appointments .
She went in shaking .	Luckily when she walked out she got the job .
Alan went home and learned how to change the car 's oil himself .	He saved a lot of money by doing that .
But it took 15 more minutes for his sister to get out .	Ian ran into the bathroom so quickly that he slipped on the floor .
Clyde crouched down and prepared to be hit .	Hank just stood there , with his fist hanging in the air .
The books had crushed all of Ed 's chips .	Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch .
As I was drinking it , a car stopped .	I had to slam on my brakes .
Marsha went to school every day to learn .	She loved to go to school and see her friends .
I wanted some new video games for Christmas .	They were on sale at Walmart for Black Friday .
They accosted him and held him for the police .	Mike was released but never went back to Las Vegas .
Dave head up a bank teller at gunpoint and demanded all the money .	The teller recognized Dave from their high school days .
As a teenager , I needed to get braces .	I was n't looking forward to it .
She had n't realized how long she had been in there .	She headed up the stairs to her classroom .
So she put one in the oven .	She was becoming impatient however .
She begrudgingly finishes her math homework .	Finally Laura can watch the movie .
But for her 7th birthday , she wished for a special horse - a unicorn !	Hannah woke on her birthday , excited , and ran outside .
He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal .	He has finished all of his chores .
She practiced diligently to learn how to do a giant on the bars .	She was finishing her routine in an upcoming competition with a giant .
They discovered that the flowers were blooming .	They stopped the car , got out , and took a photograph of the flowers .
Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them .	Soon , all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill 's house .
She was tasked with bringing a dish .	Everyone usually liked her rum cake .
Now it was open once again .	She looked through all the lovely clothes from eras past .
She was my best friend .	She started living the wrong lifestyle .
Joe brought home a can to collect for UNICEF .	He planned to bring the can trick-or-treating to fill it up .
She called a locksmith .	She locksmith charged her $ 100 to get into her car .
Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water .	I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly .
Janice said hi to him and they started talking .	Eventually , the guy went and sat with them and they all ate together .
When a thunderstorm occurred , they decided to stay in a pavilion .	The weather cleared up and they left the park .
Mandy found a shop owned by Oriel .	Mandy decided to hire Oriel as his mechanic .
The crepes were severely losing .	The titans defeated all the crapes .
I found them on my wife 's feet .	She told me she found them in the living room .
I did n't know how .	My friend recommended I use a pivot table .
My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these .	Not surprisingly , no one ever showed up .
She could n't find her cell phone on her nightstand .	Cheryl hid under her bed until morning .
I used to work on Mechanical Turk	I hated captcha codes .
His baby laughed some more .	Clem 's wife smacked him , and everyone stopped laughing .
She uses the name Robert Galbraith .	This is the second of three mysteries .
But he had to finish his homework .	He stayed up until 4 AM to finish it .
Eric 's dad was a Baptist preacher .	Both of his sisters and his baby brother thought that was cool .
He wanted to see the old castles and ruins .	He took a train to Sofia and took tours from there .
I kept seeing large items go by with INC painted on them .	They seemed to look like instruments .
She went out one evening in a very short and tight dress .	Someone walked up to her and offered her money .
He stepped out of his comfort zone and added fruit to his cereal .	His mother rolled her eyes , since it was still the same breakfast .
Once her things were in the room he said goodbye and left .	Although she was excited , she cried a little as he drove away .
His mom was amazed at how much he was learning so fast .	One night at bedtime , he announced he was going to read to her .
She went to investigate and saw a snake in the grass .	She quickly told the kids to disperse .
She painstakingly trained herself to alter her natural accent .	Only when she got very angry or excited did it start to slip through .
Hey mom saw the cracked dish .	And he was not allowed to wash dishes again .
It was Molly 's first day as a teacher .	She hoped her students would like her !
The audience loudly applauded throughout her act .	However , the contest judges did not appreciate her skills .
Carson could barely wait one minute !	He drank the very hot chocolate .
On his first day in New York City , he met an attractive man .	They hit it off , and it turned out they worked in adjacent buildings .
I was so mad that he blamed me because I did n't take it .	Today Joey found his truck under his bed .
She noticed Tim was protective because he was cheating .	Mandy dumped him .
She excitedly took the tour .	Mabel knew she wanted to go again soon .
Rhonda and her husband do n't get along .	They disagreed on dinner .
Katie was getting mad at her boyfriend Tom .	They had been together for five years and no engagement .
Robbie was a bit nervous because he 's latino .	He felt that he needed to be good or else he would be ridiculed .
He was also lazy and never active .	Eventually he grew up to get diabetes .
However , she passed with flying colors .	The instructor was impressed with Sue 's skills .
Sean and Sara were playing a board game .	At first , Sean was winning the game .
Brent wanted to shoot a deer .	Brent put on his camouflage gear .
Tina was taking a shower .	But suddenly , the hot water turned off .
On her first call she got no answer .	She decided she would call back later that evening .
And outside the snow was falling hard .	Snow was piled high atop her car .
Soon he saw his little girl playing her role .	He was so moved , he nearly cried !
But as soon as he climbed down into it , his chest tightened .	He began to panic , feeling that he was closed in too tightly .
Oil splashed on his arm afterwards .	Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn .
One day he was fouled really hard .	He complained to the ref but was ignored .
Jll is excited when her boss quits .	She is in line for a promotion .
The basement level contains the laundry .	One day a neighbor told us he thought he saw a rat near our door .
Joe checked himself into a rehab center .	He now lives a happy and sober life .
Jake asked what the problem was .	Jake 's waiter responded rudely .
Matt invited his friends to join him .	Matt 's friends never golfed before .
But one year he told his mom his hate for them .	She promised to never get another one but his dad did n't know this .
Kim 's sister was upset there was silly string all over the walls .	As Kim cleaned the string she found it stained walls with flat paint .
She wanted to know about the brand new desk in their classroom .	Gina and her friends told her all they knew .
We went to a number of stores looking for a new TV .	We looked at new 4k ones .
It would n't stop moving around .	I tried to take it out of the road however , it was chasing me .
She got a dog named Fido .	One day Fido ate the pet bird and Jess cried .
Jack froze and hoped the dog would keep walking .	The dog turned and ran straight at Jack .
She kept asking her husband , but they did n't have enough money .	One day , her husband said that they had enough .
Alas , when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise .	We decided to book another one !
He read that raw eggs would help him a lot .	He tried to swallow one , but it was disgusting !
He went and bought fancy tiles for the floor .	He spent all day laying them down .
Sue was baking sugar cookies .	She had a batch in the oven .
We called a gentleman who was selling Scottish Terriers .	He told us to come by his home , because he had two left .
They found a spot with a good view .	When the moon came out , they enjoyed the amazing appearance .
Martin and his older brother Jim went to the amusement park .	Martin was afraid of heights .
He pricked his finger with the lancet and started to bleed .	He put his lancet in the machine .
Larry noticed that his faucet was n't working .	So he tried to fix it himself .
His neighbor got a ladder out .	Hot neighbor climbed the ladder and got the cat .
Riley had always heard that Argentina had delicious food and wine .	He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself .
Last Saturday we went to dim sum in Chinatown .	We had not done this in over five Year 's .
There once was a soldier named Colson .	He was a good man .
She searched everywhere for her , but could n't find her .	She was about to give up .
Sally decided to stay at the restaurant and enjoy herself .	She met a lot of cool people and was glad her date never showed up .
Many years later his mother passed away and left him $ 30,000 .	He was finally able to relocate to Washington .
He decided to continue on when they were struck by a torpedo .	Everybody clambered onto lifeboats .
We twisted and turned very fast .	I started to feel sick .
As soon as she was submerged in the water , she was fascinated .	Not only did she see many fish , but she came across several plants .
When he got home , he opened the can .	There were several worms inside .
He lost a few pounds .	He exercised even more and lost more weight .
I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it .	He never listens to anything I say so he wo n't do that .
She walked to the store and bought a cool drink .	This was n't enough however , and so she had an idea .
While she was out she saw a pretty one .	She bought it and brought it home .
We brought blankets and snacks outside to the yard .	While we waited for the meteors , we noticed clouds all over the sky .
We found some well priced items and bought three bottles .	In the shower later I found out they were lotion .
The other day I texted her with an anecdote that reminded me of her .	She responded by telling me she hated me because I do n't contact her .
In a restaurant he met Duane , a teenager trying to be a comedian .	The teenager started telling jokes like he learned from Kevin .
One day , his parents forgot to pay the monthly cable bill .	There was no television in the house .
Florence tried a few and thought they tasted good .	When she went home she was happy to have tried something new .
He often took her to play bingo .	He was convinced into playing once .
Once they were well enough , she 'd find them a new home .	It made her happy to create these friendships .
There he was poised to make a run for it .	He knew he might get caught , but he did n't care .
Sam paid to have a pool built at home .	He figured he made good money and his family would like it .
So his parents told him to never use the microwave .	But one day , Tim decided to microwave pizza .
Within minutes , there was water everywhere .	The entire bathroom had been flooded .
She did n't want to take her eight month old daughter .	So Doug kept his daughter 's baby , fed her and played with her all day .
He saw many churches and cathedrals .	Then he had an excellent lunch of street food .
Jordan woke up to her electricity shutting off .	She panicked and called her electric company .
He told Jan a big secret about his hatred of their boss .	Jan realized the intercom was powered on !
Kelly was excited to get a new handbag .	She searched everywhere for a black bag .
They hated it so they moved again to New Hampshire .	They settled in New Hampshire and lived there for twenty years .
She was so excited that every morning she would get up .	Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care .
The next morning school was cancelled .	All of the neighborhood kids came out to play .
When it was released , he went straight to the music store .	He bought 100 copies .
Unfortunately , this caused her to fall off the swing .	She hit the ground and broke her ankle .
Gina had been waiting on the principal for 15 minutes .	She wanted to something to do to pass the time .
His friend teddy said he should hire a home inspector .	He was very glad he hired one because he found lots of issues .
Someone came in to rob him .	He gave them all the beer in stock .
Clara 's niece was turning 3 on Saturday .	Clara called her mother and asked if there was a party .
A nurse offered to to take him to pick out a toy .	Alex chose a stuffed animal and started to feel better .
He went to the shed and got out his ax .	He found a large tree by the side of the road .
Joey could have said no , but he decided it was his duty to show up .	He told his boss he 'd be there in fifteen minutes .
But he finds out that his new girlfriend has a cat .	Normally he would not date someone with a cat but he really likes her .
I called my bank and they told me I had a problem to work out .	I fixed the issue , and then bought the part with no problem .
A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus .	He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor .
One of my favorite pizzas is from whole foods .	They have the best pizza .
On his first day , Horace has many customers who order coffee .	He is very proud that he has finally opened a coffee shop .
He sold the ring and used the money to travel to France .	His dream was to see the sewers of Paris .
He gained a lot of weight .	Adam then could n't get a girlfriend .
Then he took a few aspirin .	Soon he was feeling better .
This year she played on the basketball team .	Her grades started to slip and she was always tired .
When Allie tasted the chocolate , it melted in her mouth .	Allie and her friends left the factory with full bellies .
Erin noticed a cold draft coming through her window .	Upon further inspection , she found the seal was poor under the sill .
He thought of himself having a good job .	But he made no efforts to become successful .
But his wife cooked them up for him and he tried them .	Joel could hardly believe his taste buds .
I pulled over my car to look through them .	It was mostly junk .
The boy she liked liked another girl .	May offered to take the girl to get ice cream .
He finally had enough .	He told them they could marry her , if they loved her that much .
It was a family of four - two parents and kids .	One day my wife was parking her car in the condo lot .
My husband and I went to the San Juan Islands for our honeymoon .	We took our small boat and fishing equipment .
My wife 's nephew became a father last year .	His wife gave birth to a boy in September .
Tim had a dog who loved his ball .	Tim would throw his dog the ball all the time .
He sees that he has kale in his cupboard .	He begins to cook the kale , but becomes distracted by the television .
She read it all within her first week gone .	Then , she started adding to the journal .
I had a few drinks and accidentally left the violin .	My parents received a call at 2 am that my violin was found .
Matthew really wanted to have a play-date with Will .	His mom said it was okay as long as Will 's mom approved .
Alice was sitting on the couch when she became hungry .	She got up and walked to the kitchen .
At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier .	She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye .
One day he got up from bed for a glass of water .	He saw a giant roach in his kitchen wall .
But , it was n't popular where he lived .	He decided to start a slamball club .
She was nervous as the judges tasted all the cakes .	When they called her name as winner , she was so happy .
I was scared to death and did n't know what to think .	The funeral was even worse , because it was so final .
They played tag and kickball for hours .	When they finally came in , they were exhausted !
She saw other kids playing and longed to join them .	She asked them if she could play alongside them .
Tryouts at her school are soon .	She practiced very hard .
James passed out as his car spun around .	He woke up in the hospital .
He was feeding ducks at a pond .	Most of the ducks were calm , but one was pretty aggressive .
He wondered if he would ever beat it .	He finally did but then decided to start over once more .
Julie was impressed that Ricardo liked her , he was rich .	She wondered if he liked her enough to marry her .
The next morning the cookies and milk were gone .	And someone had put presents in her stocking !
On his first day , he met a beautiful woman that he talked to .	She soon became his girlfriend .
Becky gave him a snack out of the fridge .	Peanut is not hungry anymore .
She asked where he was .	She was waiting at a different restaurant !
She was flattered but felt worried .	She had never gone on a cruise before but did n't like him .
His poodle got loose from her leash .	Todd chased his poodle across the park .
He tried to anyway on Friday .	He lost horribly and was humiliated .
They drank and hand fun .	It relaxed her and put her in a good mood .
We sell the cattle for money .	Now , we have eleven cows to sell .
Jo went up to the rooftop to work on her tan .	She spread a blanket on the tar roof and nodded off .
All Ali could think about was the bully who gave her a mean scowl .	The bully would be at the museum as well .
Wanda was so upset that she looked for another church .	Finally , she found one that she wanted to visit .
When she did she found clumps of her hair .	The tub now drains just fine .
Tracy 's cat was named Bob .	Bob had fleas .
Ro had never played before .	She agreed even though it sounded boring .
Arin was driving his new motorcycle	He was really having a lot of fun on his new bike .
Her friends helped her practice every day for a month .	The day of tryouts came and Meg 's friends cheered her on .
I entered the auditorium very nervous .	I waited for the first couple matches to be over with .
James was trying his hardest to make the football team .	He was n't good enough last year , but this year 's be different !
One day a co-worker offered to pick up a burrito for her .	Amy ate the burrito and was unimpressed .
But she had no money !	Then her mom offered a solution .
Amy was driving to work listening to the radio .	A song came on that was once a favorite that she grew tired of .
He fell and hurt his knee .	He started to cry .
Jane was cleaning her boyfriend 's room .	She was going to throw away some old shoes .
She had found other things to occupy her time .	Now she was bored again .
Harry brought a rat to London one day to be his pet .	After a while , Harry and members of his family got sick .
Mikey tried to stop her , but she began berating the waiter .	Other people noticed and scolded her .
Then , he cleaned all of the counters and appliances .	Finally , he swept the floors .
Gina woke up at noon to discover it was another hot day .	She decided she would stay in the basement all day .
Instead , they bought one ticket .	Then , one friend went in and opened a back door for them .
When he got outside his do was nowhere to be found .	Jake began searching the neighborhood but had no luck .
They brought in a few bundles of firewood inside their home .	They made a warm and cozy fire in the fireplace .
When she went , she got a good report .	She was cancer free .
Two fishing trawlers got their nets tangled together .	The crews tried and tried , but they could n't get the nets apart .
Nora 's mom put the jars on a shelf .	In the morning , Nora 's mom found all the jars had broken seals .
When he moved towards the front window , the lady appeared .	She gave him an ice cream .
Ben had an interview for a promising job .	He prepared throughout the week for the interview .
Carol mocked us for how silly we looked in our safety gear .	She sneered at us for being such worrying wussies .
She wore her lovely dress .	Then she took her communion .
He asked her out and they made plans .	Later , Jim picked Michaela up for their date .
She shops when she is happy .	She has a problem .
The sun was out and the weather was perfect .	He decided to take the day off from work and play a game .
Today was her first day .	She liked the work a lot .
I asked the doctor if it was safe for my daughter .	Dr Melgar said it is a low dose and would recommend it .
Jared was going through his pile of bills .	He placed his water bill in the mailbox and taken my the mailman .
Jarvis sold the find to a museum .	Jarvis used his money to travel in search of new treasure .
I called my sister Names , as in , `` Hey , Names , get out of my seat . ''	My sister started crying and told my mom I was calling her Names .
It was opening for the season at last .	Bill and his friends were eager to try the new ride .
Her mother told her next week she would go back to school .	Sally was so excited to be back with her friends .
The children wanted to put on a play .	They worked hard for weeks to learn their lines and music .
Today was their big day .	He was nervous but did well .
A pretty girl walked right by him .	Tyler ran after the pretty girl .
But his mother made him take a class in Mexico .	When he stepped off the airplane , his contact was not there .
Eventually , she noticed she had been gaining weight .	She realized it must be because of the chips .
She decided to take a sushi making class .	It was very difficult but worth it .
Eventually , my doctor said my calcium levels were almost normal .	Alas , now I had gained too much weight from the milk .
Craig always loved taking his kids trick or treating for Halloween .	This year they visited many homes on Halloween .
Billy Joe and Bobby Sue were sitting at home with nothing to do .	So they decided to rob a man 's house for fun and profit .
He bought it and brought it home .	He now has a new stove that he loves .
Sarah starts a new dance class today .	Her teacher is very nice .
Ahead were a bunch of signs he was unfamiliar with .	They said a roundabout was ahead .
She became concerned that I was lost .	Finally I went inside in the evening and she was relieved .
They threw beads .	They wore costumes .
She finally found out she won .	The feeling was amazing .
Chad loves Barry Bonds .	Chad recently attended a spring training game just to see him .
There one was a girl named Subtlety .	She had no tact at all .
Sam had to take a plane to go to Disneyland .	Sam was willing to fly to go there .
A hunter was crouching down on the forest floor .	He was listening intently for any sounds .
The other day I went to a Japanese shop .	I saw mochi and wanted to buy some .
It was a ball that would make ice cream when you shook it !	Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream ball and shook it .
We bought a block of delicious cheese .	It got put in the back of the fridge .
He wanted to do something nice for her .	Lou had no money to buy a nice gift .
Jay added lights to his and painted it bright red .	His neighbors complained that the lights were too bright at night .
Ella went to study in England for a semester .	At first she wondered why everyone drank tea all the time .
I decided to make breakfast for my mom and dad this morning .	I made my favorite cereal as soon as I got up for my family .
He soon met a guy named Jeff .	Jeff was really mean .
Vick used to love to eat meat .	One day he saw a terrible video .
His roommate confronted him about it .	Tim apologized and ran to his room .
He had a doctor look at it .	The doctor said he had a terrible infection and needed an operation .
Will greatly missed his grandparents .	His grandparents had moved to another state for warmer weather .
Randy taunted the player with a soft lob of a pitch .	The player swung hard and missed .
Remy was staying with his friends parents .	He was n't supposed to but he kept sneaking his girlfriend in .
They said no .	However the next day Kelly went into her room .
Her parents raced in from the next room .	Instead of yelling at her , they hugged her , glad she was okay .
I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 1996 .	She was bragging about a grocery delivery service .
Rajesh was a new employee at a call center .	He called a woman in Tennessee .
The cat appreciated Harley 's kindness .	Now , the cat and Harley keep each other company and enjoy their days .
It goes much faster than he thought .	Richard is proud of himself for completing it .
She knew it would be tight .	But she had no choice other than to wait .
She separated her clothes into separate piles .	She gathered her dirty laundry and went to the laundromat .
He auditioned in disguise for another trivia game show .	He knew every answer on the show and set a new record .
Kelsi was cooking some tomato sauce on the stove last night .	She took a metal spoon and tasted the sauce .
The receptionist looked at me and told me I was there a day early .	I was embarrassed and always double check my dates now .
I had to walk nude to the closet .	I dripped water all over the wood flooring .
During the next day , it was n't working .	I had to send it back for a replacement .
She grabbed a bottle of chili powder and added some to the pot .	She tasted the chili again but this time it tasted abnormally sweet .
I hit the popcorn button .	When it was done , I smelt something burnt .
He finds a bunch of guys playing and decides to join one team .	They play very hard but in the end the other team wins .
Ben was working out yesterday .	He dropped a forty-five pound plate on his foot .
I deadlifted a barbell .	It was too heavy .
During one summer , Jared noticed he was growing .	Jared now stands at six foot tall .
Ginny and Todd were looking up at the clouds .	They were taking turns telling each other what things they would see .
Whenever we talk we discuss the issue .	She says she will look into it further .
We put some on her favorite cat toy .	We left it where she could find it .
He heard a small cat making a sound .	He approached the cat .
He could n't get the razor to cut and was told that it was upside down .	He used it correctly but pushed too hard and a deep cut opened !
He made socks for each of his siblings .	They were so happy to receive the socks .
She had added all of the ingredients and was letting it cook .	She was in the middle of stirring the pasta .
Lucy asked her grandma where you would leave one .	She was shocked to find a person brings your bags to your car for you .
Neil was traveling in Vietnam .	He took a train into Saigon .
When she stepped on a scale , Joan had actually gained weight .	Then she looked at the calorie info on the salad dressing label .
Peter 's parents told them to be asleep by midnight .	They decided that they would sneak out of the house after midnight .
He only had one for his body and not his long hair .	Tim looked for a hair drier but it was broken .
Keri 's cousin invited her to the farm to see her new kittens .	When Keri got there , her cousin took her to the barn .
Ava was skiing one day .	She had been out on the slopes for hours .
Julie decided to go out for a walk .	While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles .
I had been waiting for the seventh Star Wars film for many years .	Finally , it was one day before the release date .
After a few months , my forearms were muscular !	Alas , I did n't work the rest of my body so I looked weird .
Steven wanted nothing more than a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet .	He was very poor and could not afford one .
He had a cup of red fruit punch in his hand .	When he tripped it splashed all over his white shirt .
We looked at the local shelter website to see the available cats .	A very pretty cat named Olympia was available , so we went to see her .
The year before 4th grade she surprised me with a pair of loafers .	I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them .
Anna heard a weird noise from her car .	She took it to the mechanic to get checked out .
She decided to skip putting gas .	She did n't have enough time to stop .
His parents was very proud .	He brought great happiness to his whole family .
She decided that she would climb a mountain .	She trained hard .
They needed to upgrade systems .	They met with all of the vendors .
Adam had a job interview which went well .	The interviewer said he would call Adam the next day .
I was tired of fixing it all the time .	I decided to get a new car .
Finally he made a dentist appointment and got the cavity fixed .	Within a day , all his tooth pain was gone .
He decides he needs to buy something warmer to wear .	He sees a terrific winter cap at a local shop .
She wanted to know why Kim was telling lies about her and Ben .	Kim insisted she only spoke facts .
He went to Safeway and applied for a job .	The next day he learned that he got the job .
He did not want to go by himself .	He asked his wife to go with him .
Then one day her little daughter Sal approached her .	Sal begged her mommy to quit smoking .
The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it .	At the end of the transaction , Kevin spent about $ 50 .
In their second session , Karen asked what is she paying for ?	Her psychiatrist told her she was neurotic and needed to be stopped .
He searched his house like crazy .	Finally Fred found it under his pillow .
He played for three months , twice a week .	He tried his best every time he played .
Amanda got a job writing for the school paper .	She was given her first article .
I fixed the weak spot in my fence .	I hope no more cows try to test my fence .
He decided to do the bench press instead .	After a few months , his chest because huge and muscular .
Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike .	She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother .
My friend had the ball and tried to pass it to my brother .	After my brother got the ball , I ran after him .
For weeks he could n't lift more than 200 pounds .	He trained for weeks and weeks trying to go heavier .
Pam won several rounds of bingo .	Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo .
She ran out into the hallway in her pajamas shouting .	The stranger just ignored her and walked away .
Dan and his dad went to the forest to go hunting .	The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal .
Her client struggles initially .	But her client ends up reaching her goals .
She tried to wash it with hot water .	It increased in size .
Sue wanted a leopard print bed-in-a-bag , but her mom said no .	She reminded Sue that her grandma had made her a patchwork quilt .
We were hanging out in a secluded room .	I leaned over and kissed her lips .
One quick peek confirmed that a skunk was trying to get our food .	I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk .
One by one , the students grabbed trays from the dining hall .	They slipped them under their shirts or behind their backs .
I found a new video game online .	I bought the game and played it all day .
He was really scared he was going to do bad .	He had a bad feeling about his answers .
A murderer was on the loose in my neighborhood .	I became terrified and started to cry .
The budget was too low for a professional to do it .	So the Adam 's family decided to do the bathroom renovation themselves .
A PS4 was out of the question .	Victoria 's Secret seemed a little too suggestive .
Rhonda has been ready to take a beach vacation for months .	She has been going to the gym to lose weight .
They thanked me and headed out the door .	As they were leaving , I bid them farewell in German , and they smiled .
Jerry is n't the kind of guy to let a small illness keep him down .	Tonight he plans to attend a concert with his girlfriend .
Joe needed a new phone .	He looked online for reviews of different phones .
Kerry had a party to attend .	She was so worried about what she would wear .
My friends laughed and said that frogs can not be purple .	I looked in several books and found out there really are purple frogs .
They shared it with their other friends .	Frank became famous and made millions of dollars .
Mike and Ann bought a new bed for their son .	The bed was so comfortable that their son never awoke til mornings .
His father told him he was busy .	Robbie felt lonely and sat down to cry .
He had never done such a hard race and was afraid of how it would go .	He started going to Boot Camp every day and got really buff .
As he was walking to his car a gust of wind blasted past him !	His wife 's coat was ripped out of his hands and flew off into the sky !
Cindy smiled and helped Scooter dig it out .	Scooter seemed very happy to have his bone back .
Stacy decided to try out for the choir in the play .	She sang very well at her audition .
She folded everything and put it away afterwards .	June felt so much better knowing it was all done !
They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth .	They played Frisbee for hours .
The team won the first game because of Ryder 's home run .	Ryder was so glad he practiced .
Kayla 's car struck a large tree .	Kayla had to call a tow company to remove it !
When Kelly was at the store yesterday she ran into someone .	As it turned out it was her teacher .
He had never stayed with her before .	At night he heard thumps coming from the attic .
Usually they did not .	About one if a hundred people got really excited over it .
Becky was shivering from the cold air .	She needed to cover up before she caught a cold .
Bob wanted to please people , so he gave it his best shot .	The IRS came after Bob for some honest mistakes he 'd made .
SHE SLID ON THE HIGHWAY AND HIT THE CAR NEXT TO HER .	THEY BOTH SLID INTO THE GUARDRAIL .
Gunther had heard that coding skills were in high demand .	He decided to learn how to write python code .
However , one of the peaches makes him feel a little ill .	Fred goes home with an upset stomach .
He went to the pharmacy to get some cold medicine .	There was a lot to choose from and he was unsure .
They went to the zoo as soon as it opened .	They stayed at the zoo all day until it closed .
Tim lost every game .	He felt like crying .
Her friends came over , sat on the balcony , ate and drank , and chatted .	They played music and laughed and had fun .
The teacher was particularly impressed by her natural talent .	The teacher will come back tomorrow to give another lesson .
When she arrived , she found that it was empty .	Carly went to the store and bought a small inflatable pool .
Yesterday , as the crew ate on the beach , Mike had an idea .	He took off in their helicopter .
The mall decided to press charges .	My son went to prison for one month .
As soon as she could afford it she booked her ticket to Madrid .	She stayed in Madrid for a few days before heading out to explore .
He works hard and has a varying schedule .	They refuse to give him full time .
She won VIP passes and she could n't wait .	As soon as the concert started she was in heaven .
Bob researched on the Internet for many days .	A post told him to disable one of the problematic system daemons .
Carson invited two of his friends on a canoe trip .	They drove to a large river in the forest .
The week of Easter they cancelled track on Monday evening .	Noah was worried he would not be ready for the meet .
He was born with birth defects , and his club foot was amputated .	He was very sure that he would end up alone and bitter .
Hanna decided to play games on her phone instead .	Her parents were sad when Hanna missed the glorious whale sighting !
He moved rapidly along the walkway and into the building .	He had an important appointment to keep and he needed help .
He did n't make enough money at his job to buy it outright .	Mike started paying for it on an installment plan .
She stayed home from school .	Her mom stayed with her and took her to the doctor .
I fell in love with the Star Wars movies .	I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie .
Amy and Sue had a conversation to work out their differences .	Sue seemed to understand why Amy was upset .
I asked my husband if he knew where my shoes were .	I sat down on the couch to think for a minute .
The cashier explained online prices are often cheaper .	Amy left the store upset with the deception .
He decided to hold up a bank .	He used a fake gun .
He stayed in a hospital and had his tonsils taken out .	My parents did not tell me right away .
Her mom and dad talked to an employee .	They were able to get it back for her !
Sally went to the pet store the other day .	She was going to get a fish .
Bobby 's father grabbed a flashlight .	They headed down to the beach in front of their hotel .
They bought large plastic tubs and filled them with water .	They then put them outside in the winter .
He has never been there before .	He visits the Eiffel tower .
Mary was invited to the will reading of her uncle .	She had not known him well .
He cooked a big stew all night since they could never go out to eat .	Jim brought the stew and he and his friends at it while they worked .
Mike was starving and went to get seafood by himself .	He went to a new place on the pier .
She looked in the cupboards but there was n't much to work with .	She decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before .
Everyone thought it was funny	I was still ashamed but not nearly as much .
Today I took a train to meet my friends .	The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep .
He rushes to the sound and realizes it is a person drowning .	He saves the person and brings them back to shore .
One day his friend Sophia asked him for one !	On their date , she confessed that she 'd always loved shy , quiet boys .
Jacob was excited for his first soccer game .	He was nervous because he wanted to win .
She applied at hotels , banks , and stores .	She was confident she would receive an offer from one of them .
Bill woke up early one day .	He decided to make breakfast .
Will had fallen , and was paralyzed .	He 'd been in a wheelchair for the better part of his life .
There , he saw the sights .	He went to the many temples scattered throughout the city .
Unfortunately she fell asleep in the middle of it .	When she woke up she got lots of spoilers .
The girls dribbed the ball around and scored in the opposite goal .	By the end of the game , Monica 's team won in pride .
Mike decided to install a second rung for clothes .	He bought the supplies from the hardware store .
The boy held the toy while his mom payed for clothes at the register .	His mother found the toy in the car but did not return it .
John was a very wealthy man .	He lived in a nice loft downtown .
During a movie night , I was craving food .	I did n't know whether I wanted pizza or chinese food .
Ethan went to the dentist to have his tooth pulled .	The assistant let him watch TV while it happened .
She ran over and hugged her .	The girls caught each other up on their day before heading to class .
They were volunteering for the Easter party that day .	They signed in and got their lanyard and a free t shirt .
He tried out all the pens on display to see how they felt .	He decided to buy a set of 20 gel pens that were blue .
He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money .	When he finally bought his sneakers , he was so excited .
It was a hot day , and they wanted ice cream .	They stopped by a local ice cream parlor .
Carson decides to start making coffee at home each morning .	At first his coffee is n't very good , but he gradually improves .
He sent it in .	He got the promotion .
Her son had had another nightmare .	She rolled over , so he could climb in next to her .
She wants to earn money .	One day , she decided to join a pyramid scheme .
It was so pretty .	Afterwards , everyone got to take a paper lantern home .
Jaden was immediately silenced and then agreed with the man .	The two ended up friends .
It caused a traffic jam in the city .	I was late to practice .
He loved it alot so he tried sugar in it as well .	When John went to the dentist , he had cavities .
She was very shy and said no , but changed her mind .	We had dinner with her at Victoria Station , a steak house .
Soon he was golfing like a pro .	He realized he loved the game !
She decided to explore other religions .	She was n't sure if she agreed with her own .
He went to acting school .	He graduated but could n't find a job .
Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day .	He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true .
He looked everywhere in the store for it .	Thankfully someone had turned the wallet into lost and found .
On January 10 , 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven .	I put a sticky trap under the oven .
Each day , Nelly followed her older sister to and from the new school .	One day , her sister told Nelly to stop following her .
She realized what she was missing and told Albert how she felt .	Albert forgave her and the two began to date .
Jason pressed the buzzer since he knew the answer .	When he said the answer out loud , the official declared it wrong .
Mom decided to take us to the beach .	John and I played in the sand .
The show was long but worth it .	At we show she found a piece she really liked .
Alfredo buys a great stereo system on sale at a local store .	He sets it up at home and it sounds great !
Timmy called his parents on the phone and told them he missed them .	His parents flew over the next day to visit him .
After a few months , Tom was the only one taking care of it .	He trained it and cared for it all by himself .
In the seventies several Greek style pizza shops opened .	The pizzas were thicker .
She was scared of the risks , but eventually she decided to do it .	After the surgery , she awoke feeling apprehensive .
He made a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda .	He meticulously created a poster to explain his display .
He hated their attitude .	One day he went to an aquarium .
Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater .	They sneaked in through a back entrance .
I was very busy and almost forgot about it completely .	I did not have enough time to write a good paper .
Ziggy the dog will lick his paws until they are raw .	Ziggy 's worried owner takes him to the vet .
They were digging around the water line .	However , they hit the sewer line .
She saw a woman leaving Adam 's house late at night .	She got angry and broke all his guitars .
She was getting ready to stop for the night and needed a hotel .	Looking at an app on her phone , she compare hotel prices .
One day , she became startled as a dog ran up to her .	She ran as fast as she could , and the dog passed her .
However , she was still nervous about playing in front of an audience .	When it was her turn to get on stage she took a deep breath .
He named his fish Nemo .	Johnny was feeding Nemo one day and realized that the water was dirty .
Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman .	She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect .
I have so much fun now playing it but I 'm still rusty on the rules .	If I would have played in school I would have learned everything .
I bought snacks and cigarettes .	I went home and hung out with my friends .
Tom was going to his high school reunion .	He was nervous because he had n't see his old friend in years .
Tomas is the oldest of a family of eight siblings .	His father taught him from an early age that working hard is important
He took an unusually different route that I was n't aware of .	In addition , he dropped me off at an unfamiliar place .
I made myself some chicken soup .	The soup was delicious .
She was to stay home for 2 days .	Her mother banished her to her room for those 2 days .
She got the rake out of the garage .	She raked the leaves into piles .
Chad 's kids wanted to go to the zoo .	Chad and his wife were too busy .
After taking proper safety precautions he started shooting .	He had a lot of fun and wants to do it again soon .
Austin got a new camcorder for his birthday .	He decided to make a video .
To his surprise , his teacher informed him that he had passed .	Arnie was confused .
We were playing on black top .	I tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out , I hate PE .
One day I lost Bob outside .	I looked all over for Bob .
He read books on style and formatting .	He found them dry and boring .
Ray could n't get an irritating tune out of his head .	He tried to distract himself , but the melody kept repeating itself .
Gina sat on her school bus in a window seat .	She watched as her old friends walked out of the school together .
I decided to eat two loaves before my wedding .	At the altar , I leaned in to kiss my bride !
She decided to send a prank email to his girlfriend .	When her brother found out , he was very mad .
The teacher warned the class that they have three minutes left .	Henry was figuring out several questions that he left blank .
He walked under his apple tree .	The branches were too high for him to reach .
Justin was qualified to be a prison guard .	He went through the application process .
Rob had missed Amber very much	Rob had called Amber up and apologized for his wrong doings
Jen 's cookie had two fortunes inside .	Jen shared a fortune with Ben .
I decided to get close and touch her with my hands .	She screamed and jumped back .
Jane was having a rough week .	She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood .
However , Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway .	She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut .
Usman loved motorbikes .	He realized that he could make a living from motorbikes .
So were her uncles children whom she did n't like .	They pretended to get along .
He had written over 200 short stories .	His creativity was running out !
She then replaced the bandage .	It looked great after .
Dan bought some weed killer and poured it all over the grass .	After some weeks it finally started to turn brown and die .
Unfortunately , the doll her daughter wanted was discontinued .	Cindy was disheartened that she would n't be able to get her the toy .
Cammy was excited to graduate high-school .	She had been looking forward to walk on stage for weeks .
Jay was Iranian and proud of his heritage .	He decided to learn Farsi to feel closer to his people .
Amy had drank a cup of coffee and 2 Red Bulls in one day .	It was the most caffeine she had ever had in a day .
Cornelia has always hated flossing her teeth .	However , her dentist tells her that she needs to floss to be healthy .
She was fighting with her coworkers .	She knew that she had to figure something out .
Her mom helped Lily buy a tank and a few fish .	Lily was n't satisfied because her friend 's fish were much bigger .
Henry was racing to get to work one morning .	Suddenly he saw flashing lights behind him .
His friend Richard invited him to play a game .	They played for hours .
Steve went to church every sunday .	Steve started having doubts about his religion .
Jackie carefully took the pieces apart .	She found a cat toy inside that was causing the problem .
Jill 's tomatoes kept disappearing off the plant on her deck .	There 'd be one ready to be picked the next day .
The customer asked for some wine .	The waiter told them they had both red and white wine .
He got lots of applications from different businesses .	He was determined to find a new job .
He went around to a mall in another town looking for the right kind .	After trying on several pairs , he found one he liked .
Brad was able to obtain his father 's number through the internet .	They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant .
When it ended , she was n't quite done reading .	She decided to cut her next class and read in the library .
Dave stopped the dog and saved John .	After that John was much nicer to Dave .
But they told him they only carried pork !	Ari was dejected and disappointed .
The man owned a burger shop .	He lived there with his wife and three kids .
He bought language books and started reading .	It was really difficult .
That person took photos of Maria .	Next , the person shared pictures of Maria with celebrities .
Gina 's jewelry was on her dresser .	But she had no container for them .
Simon was by himself .	He thought it was too dangerous and went home .
The next morning , the blister was much better .	Cory decided to wear better shoes for his second day exploration .
While we were near the top , my father grabbed his chest in pain .	He was taken to the hospital by helicopter ambulance .
About 2 hours in I realized I had to use the restroom .	I began to head back to my room for privacy .
She was shocked when the jeweler said all her rings were fake !	So evil Eva finished her lonely life in poverty .
They had to wait a few weeks .	Finally , the doll came back in perfect condition .
Tim and Juan were playing putt putt .	They were at the 17th hole and the score was even .
She was dropped off at college the day after she turned 18 .	Her roommate asked her to go to a party .
Nell loved to walk in the field behind her house .	One day , as she walked she picked flowers .
I sat down in the front of the school to wait for my parents .	My teacher saw me and offered a ride home .
The puppy woke up one morning .	He went outside and played in the warm sun .
Neff got a paper in the mail .	She had been summoned for jury duty !
He began volunteering himself .	He felt great about being able to help so many people .
Diana picked two people and they immediately walked towards her .	However , Stanley picked someone who was stubborn .
Finally he asked his friend Jean to teach him some dance moves .	After weeks of practice Carlton was a great dancer .
Flo waited intently for her broker to call her .	Flo eventually learned that she lost her investment due to bad advice .
And he wanted to see how fast it could go .	So he sped down a freeway at 2 AM .
They wanted to see a special shrine , but needed to return immediately .	But they did n't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter !
Tim turned the music up louder .	The cops came by to give Tim a ticket .
The cat was allergic to her food .	Melanie now spends lots of money on a different kind of pet food .
He said he did n't know how the vase fell and broke .	May did n't believe him but he swore it was n't his fault .
Juan worked out in the fields .	One day he spotted a small rabbit .
Ivan said it was his birthday .	And the waiter gave him a free ice cream .
But it was too late .	Lucy already had a black eye .
The boy was frustrated .	He thought his friend was cheating at football .
Just a little more and gold would be his .	But , he saw a fellow racer had crashed of course .
Ava was hesitant .	She thought the date would be a failure .
He told his boss that he was n't feeling well .	His boss was ok with it and Ben got to stay home .
The opponent was from another school .	After a hard game , Tim 's team lost .
David and his friends went to the lake .	They loaded their jetskis into the water .
One day , he found the perfect ring , but it was very expensive .	John worked extra hard and after a few months , he was able to buy it .
Recently , Amanda heard of a product that could help with her sickness .	Amanda talked about the product with her doctor .
Once at the top they gave it a push and watched .	The ball sped down the hill and crashed into a tree .
Later a member of the hotel 's upper management is seen at a bar .	He 's showing the video to people , laughing and making fun of her body .
He hated the ritual though , feeling it was tedious and unnecessary .	So the day he found his trainer was absent , he saw an opportunity .
A bit too much fun it seemed as it came out of my hand .	I lost my balance and the phone smashed the ground .
I vowed to get back at him .	He came up to us to brag about his exploits on the waves .
I tried writing a mean text to send to her .	When the text was sent , it went to my mom instead .
Since he was broke for the week , she offered to pay for the food .	However , she struggled paying bills a few days later .
He looked for it in every room in the house .	He just could n't understand where he 'd last had it .
After Tom ate dinner , he felt sick .	He realized he did n't do a thorough job of washing the dishes .
His son was a good boy , he had brown curly hair and kind eyes .	He always wanted the best for everyone and helped whenever he could .
He spent more time at the bar to find out why .	It turned out the bartender was giving away free drinks to girls .
Stacy felt horrible for her mom .	She wanted to help even though she lived far away .
She was finally going to be 18 , officially an adult .	She decided to move out and be on her own .
He thought that was weird but she offered him five dollars .	He sampled multiple flavors of a punch and picked the ones he liked .
In a tiny village in Japan I found a katana blacksmith .	I asked him if I could be his apprentice .
I had been crushing on the girl for months .	In the middle of the movie we were watching I went in for a kiss .
He knocked on his brother Dan 's door to show him the toy .	When Dan opened the door Jake began to spray him with silly string .
Downstairs from me lives a man with an overbearing personality .	He can hear me walk down my stairs and often meets me at the bottom .
Her head shattered from the bullet he had n't known was in the chamber .	Kevin was tried as an adult and is serving a life sentence .
Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged Libby to stay late .	Libby was kind and needed money badly , so she agreed .
She hopped in a cab only to find someone else was already in it !	The other passenger agreed to drop Susan off first .
One day our father brought home tea bags ,	He made us tea with milk and sugar .
After climbing several steps , I held him .	A few seconds later , the ladder slipped from the ground .
He went to the bathroom and lathered his face in shaving cream .	He then used a razor to shave his face .
Lucy 's grandma gave her permission to go with .	Lucy decided she would go home to change , then visit the new friend .
The soda went up his nose , and the carbonation burned painfully .	He had to admit to himself that it was a case of just deserts .
After each play he would come around passing out water .	He was there whenever they needed him .
He smiled at everyone he saw .	One day he was walking and saw a girl crying .
Jason wanted to invest in silver .	He bought a bunch of silver dollars at the current price .
She would n't eat and was n't playing .	The vet discovered floss around her tongue and snipped it off .
When she left , Maria noticed her bobblehead was missing .	She asked Alice if she knew what happened to the bobblehead .
She wanted to surprise him .	She planned a great trip .
She cleaned the tank every week .	Amy 's fish were happy and lived a long time !
We all had races going down and running back up .	I won most of them but it was almost a tie .
The sun 's warmth caressed my face as wind swept over my head .	It was pleasant and calming .
Tom and Susan had one child .	Their child was a toddler .
Bob got a haircut from his barber .	He also bought a brand new suit .
She simply tells me it 's for my own good and she 's making me stronger .	I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice .
John called the pizza company and ordered the pizza .	John ate a wonderful , hot , delicious pizza for dinner .
Across the room was an ex friend Sara .	The class was assigned to complete a landscape .
Later that day , several people at the picnic felt ill .	Mary said her co-worker 's potato salad must have spoiled .
Bradley took a large mop and started to clean the floor .	In the meanwhile , Dustin took a duster .
I got two big balloons and a birthday card .	I had the items delivered to her house .
One day she smelled a horrible odor .	She started to walk around the yard .
But when she was finished , the cookies were burnt and misshapen .	In spite of that , Betty was determined she would learn to bake .
Amanda wanted to bake a apple pie .	However , she did not have apples for the pie .
There was a little boy who had a puppy .	He and the puppy were the best of friends .
When his friend visited him at the park , both of them started to run .	In addition , we used the exercising equipment to work out .
Yesterday was Mark 's birthday .	It was a Monday , so he had to go to school .
He was angry so he beat the shooter up .	Because of that , he was discharged from the army .
When Chuck got to school he realized he had a test .	He had totally forgotten about it .
The things that went first were the things we could n't believe .	There were some pez dispensers and old pencils .
Sally was excited when the package came .	She slipped on the wig , but it fell over her eyes .
They found one the loved and applied for a mortgage at the bank .	The loan officer reviewed their credit report and denied the loan .
None of the streets seemed to have a phone booth .	He finally was able to borrow a phone from a passerby .
Joe enjoyed gossiping about people .	He stirred up trouble with all of his friends .
Sean needed to go to the bank .	He had to walk , but it was snowing .
She tore it up and put it on the ground .	Then , the ducks came and ate it .
Jenny did n't realize what a terrible driver she was .	She was all over the road !
Amy was well known and liked at her elementary school .	One day , a new boy started going to Amy 's school .
He had to write a report on one .	He chose to write about beavers .
One day he came home from a long day at work .	He sat down on his couch that was dirty .
It was my turn to provide food for poker night with the guys .	They came over and I browned up some meat for Sloppy Joe 's .
I was driving to my friends house one day .	While driving on the road , I saw flashing lights .
When I got home , my fingers and toes were numb from cold .	It took me an hour to warm up again !
Kyle thought he was the better player , but Matt managed to beat him .	Matt told Kyle what he could do to improve his game , and Kyle listened
The plate he was washing slipped out of his hands .	It shattered as it hit the metal sink basin just right .
Ed asked his father if he had tried pushing the power button .	Ed 's father pushed the power button , and the laptop started working .
I ended up falling asleep while still tanning .	I woke up with massive sunburn all over my body .
Allie loved babysitting and playing with children .	But her mom worried that those were n't job skills .
She is very excited and ca n't wait to get there .	Overnight , a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning .
Then she remembered to check the sun and head east .	She followed the sun back to her camp .
Tom needed one more quarter for bus fare .	He checked his pockets again but only found a penny .
They told Emma her teacher had called and told them everything .	Emma was grounded until her grades improved !
They started to plan their wedding .	Kelsey did not know who to pick for her maid of honor .
Although I asked if he was okay , he pretended to be fine .	However , he immediately ran to the water foundation a minute later .
He picked at the stone with a chisel .	He carved the rock into a lion head and kept it .
As she bit , part of her tooth broke .	Kerry rush to the dentist .
Although its red color is fading , he loves his hat .	One day , in a rush , he forgets his hat on the subway .
Chad was eight Year 's old and growing fast .	One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet .
Meghan rode the bus to a class trip to the strawberry farm .	She toured the fields .
He brought his laptop to show a final presentation .	During the presentation the laptop battery died .
On the list was going to the movies or taking a hike .	Mark made a list of pros and cons to each activity .
Mary 's favorite holiday is Halloween .	Every year , she makes her costume and enters into a costume contest .
He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy .	Bill thought he must have drank too much himself .
He especially liked cheaper old books in good shape .	Norm found a first edition of a Hemingway novel .
He bounced and bounced and bounced .	Dan only stopped when they called the cops and made him leave .
Mary was going to her family 's Thanksgiving dinner .	She was responsible for making deviled eggs .
My friend had a big dog .	I tried to play with the dog .
Sara was n't feeling well and had a bit of a fever .	Sarah thought she might have caught the flu , so she went to the doctor .
Jack snapped down his night vision goggles , looking for the shooter .	Jack found him crouching near the ground .
He scared the bear off by yelling .	Tom was surprised the bear ran off .
She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries .	At the end of the first week Amy 's whole torso was sore .
Sylvia was accused to robbing a bank .	Sylvia was innocent .
No one paid much attention to him .	One day , a nice family found him and cut his nails .
Justin has been in a relationship with selena for a while .	Suddenly things changed .
It took him two years , but he finished it .	He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it .
He had gotten in a heated disagreement with a teacher again .	He did make a lot of good points with his argument though .
She had contacted a local art gallery about displaying her work .	She put up her drawings of still life for everybody to see .
At first Jonas has headaches when he does n't smoke .	However , eventually he can go a day without smoking and feel OK .
He studied the music daily .	Soon he was a very talented pianist !
Tom put bread in the toaster and went back to his room .	His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster .
Unfortunately , they had already spent a lot for the buffet price .	So , they made sure to take some leftovers .
Mike looked at his friend 's answers .	The teacher caught Mike cheating .
He was suffering from an allergy attack .	The pollen in the area made him have a reaction .
I noticed that my present was simply a slow globe with glitter inside .	My brother received a gaming console .
Bill 's dad opened the closet door and turned on the light .	There was nothing inside but Bill 's clothes !
Jimmy was doing the dishes .	His cat jumped into the sink all of a sudden .
They took a boat to see a village nestled at the base of a volcano .	When they got off of the boat , villagers immediately surrounded them .
I opened the door and a bird swooped through .	The children screamed as the bird flew crazily from room to room .
He was starting to get worried as he could n't find her .	Then , she came out of the bathroom and he sighed with relief .
All of her classmates went to the concert and had a great time .	The next day , Amanda was the only person to get an A on the test .
Lucius realized he did n't fear aging .	He drove to his grandfather 's house after school to be with him .
Hot coffee splashed onto her leg .	Fortunately she was wearing long pants .
He woke up in the morning to find he had strep throat .	Tommy missed his first day of school .
It was to build a shelf , so they found the right tools .	They got started in the garage , and finished in an hour .
The elderly lady who lived there was gone .	The plants in the yard , and the grass turned brown and dry .
Everyday Ashley practiced her dance moves .	After a year , Ashley danced in her first recital .
I plugged it in to start using it and it popped .	As it popped , smoke came out .
There , she went to see the Eiffel Tower .	She gazed up at its impressive height .
Tom made a new friend named Jon .	Jon was a straight A student .
He wanted to increase global well being .	He reviewed many popular charities .
Nick was sledding with his siblings .	They were having a great time .
3 Days felt like an eternity .	But Gina had no choice , so she was forced to wait .
We bought glue tabs but they did not work .	This year we found the cards would stay on the closet door .
She went over the script for weeks in preparation .	At the audition she was perfect .
She ignored her Grandmother 's instruction .	Jennifer climbed the fence and her jeans caught on the top .
His friend came over and quickly installed the radio .	Chuck was so happy , he gave his friend $ 20 to thank him !
One day , the rabbit started getting very fat .	The girl was worried about the rabbit , and so she took it to the vet .
He loved it !	One day , he fell sick .
Holmberg was running out of money !	Holmberg was forced to shut down his radio show and get a job .
Amanda was cleaning out her hallway closet .	She noticed something in the back of the closet .
Tyrese just got dumped .	He decided to pick up his guitar .
The man showed them his cages filled with exotic singing birds .	When they told their parents , they were forbidden to visit the man .
Marty checked to see if everything was set up correctly .	He fixed a letter which was off in the forwarder .
Charles is a black man who is used to dating black women .	But he was interested in interracial dating .
Mister Song was a brilliant concert pianist .	One day at a concert his piano was in horrible pitch .
Beth received an online message from a friend .	The message contained a link to a video .
She bought a bottle of dye called Dark Ash Blonde .	Ellen applied the dye and waited for it to work .
Truman was overjoyed when he got his package .	However , he would need some time to adjust to the new layout .
My sister in law was excited this week .	She found two complete sets of Time Life books in her attic .
The owner of the farm introduced us to one of his horses .	He allowed me to climb on top of the zebra .
But there was a terrible ice storm that stranded them midway !	They bought turkey lunch meat and canned potatoes at a grocery store .
I did n't realize just how cold it would be .	When I arrived , I realized I did n't pack the correct clothing .
A man was working out at the gym .	An attractive woman sat down to use the machine next to him .
She got a bunch of sour candies from Santa yesterday .	She has been pouty all day because of it .
I quickly called Jeff and he confirmed they were already there !	Hopping into the car , I quickly drove to the restaurant .
He got lost at Hollywood Studios .	They closed down the park because he could n't be found .
He studied for a few minutes , but decided he knew all the information .	The day before the tests , Jake was talking with his friends .
They crawled to a box .	A women passed by and stopped her car .
He added all the ingredients , measured carefully .	Then after enough time , he sampled his homemade brew .
But her piercing became red and swollen .	It had gotten infected !
Cal got out a plunger and plunged until it was unclogged .	In the process he became soiled from the water splashing .
He would be working in the oil industry .	Alas , no one told him that the shifts would be twelve hours .
His date did n't care .	She suggested they dine and dash .
I found one with batteries but the lights are white .	I was more pleased to get a multi-colored tree .
Unfortunately , the store was all out of tuna .	Frustrated , Juliet bought two frozen pizzas instead .
She started up her car .	It would not start up .
I made him wash his own clothes that night .	Now he knows to put them in the Laundry .
One day my cousin and I bought takeout for our families .	We drove in our car .
He decided to shave it off .	Now he looks weird .
Her tooth was hanging on by just a little bit .	Tricia bit into something hard .
In such a rush , Chad was stopped by a police for speeding .	However , this was no normal police officer that pulled over Chad .
So much that she was always picking up strays .	Everyone told her she would catch a disease one day .
Jeremy bought diving equipment and took lessons .	When he got good enough , he made plans to dive his local lake .
Ross was really into adventure games .	His friend bought him a new shooting game on Steam .
Tory purchased the most perfect crystal earrings .	She adored the way they set off her color .
The recruiter accepted Jon .	Jon went through navy seals boot camp .
She was nervous for her final exam .	She studied for hours and hours .
He travels to the river to try fishing for salmon .	Jake eats the first salmon he catches from the river .
He practices cooking omelettes many times until he is an expert .	He is very happy to be saving money by cooking at home .
He hit a patch of ice on the highway .	His truck slid off the road but Tim was ok .
I took up gymnastics as a young girl .	I was learning how to do the balance beam .
He ran across campus as quickly as he could .	When Bruce got to the classroom he was surprised to find it empty .
When he sent out the invites , only one person said they could make it .	It became a date and they had a wonderful evening .
I used a quad cane after my stroke .	It was a cane with four feet .
However , she did n't have the money to get her hair done .	The day of prom , she decided to do her own hair .
I planned to bake a cake for dessert .	At the store I bought extra flour , eggs and butter .
He decided to look for a new pair to buy .	He was surprised to see that new running shorts were so expensive .
Trevor was looking forward to his big trip to the beach .	He did not apply sunscreen because it was not very hot out .
He goes to the local public pool .	He usually just goes for fun and to work out .
I need a lanyard because I have use of only one hand .	The part holding the phone to the lanyard snapped off .
We had a great time eating the cookies .	There was one cookie left .
Dave took up the case and started his investigation .	He solved it immediately and shocked everybody .
Unfortunately they lost power .	The girls then had to turn on the generator .
Joe had recently graduated from college .	He applied to various jobs everywhere .
I was in the river fishing one day .	At the bottom of the river I saw something glittery .
Jill gathers some food and blankets and goes to the basement .	Jill turns on the radio and listens to the weather .
Billy went to the fair with his family .	While he was there , he saw a game that caught his eye .
When he presented it he thought he did well .	But , the teacher said it looked unrealistic and failed him .
Suddenly , she slid on ice .	The car stopped right before hitting a tree .
George sat a half full coffee cup down in the garage one day .	He forgot about it for a couple weeks .
His friend Nena also lacked a date .	Nick suggested they go together .
It was incredibly beautiful but also huge and intimidating .	I was offered a ride on the stunning creature and accepted .
One man at the back of the gym approached .	He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took his money .
She begged her parents for almost a year .	Her friends dog had puppies right before Christmas time .
Deb was worried she was n't going to have enough money .	When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales .
Charles had a crush on Marlene , a girl from class .	She asked him to take pictures of her walking on the beach .
Martha 's depression was reaching a fever pitch .	She could barely muster the energy to walk outside to check the mail .
After a long day Rick fell asleep in the sand .	When Rick woke up he could n't see anyone .
People were playing with fireworks outside .	My friends and I lit a firework that tipped over .
One time , in his first day of school , he was very nervous .	Michael was worried nobody would like him .
He finally got the horse under control last week .	Now his job is much easier .
While training , he noticed more pain in his feet and back .	He met with an athletic trainer that watched him run .
At church one Sunday , a student stood by him to talk to him .	Professor Smith did n't remember the student and was worried .
Franco has started a new job distributing flyers for a coffee shop .	At first he is embarrassed to distribute flyers in public .
But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth .	Luckily , another girl had had an inhaler in her purse !
When Billy told his parents , they forbid him from going near the man .	When the strange man left town , they learned he was a war hero .
Several stage performers sung for everyone and talked about god 's word	Afterwords , we went to a souvenir shop .
This morning I was having a bad feeling .	I thought that I was being followed .
She knew once she left her parents were going to ground her .	She walked to the kitchen and found her parents at the table .
Her parents moved to two different places .	They wanted Brittany to decide which parent she wanted to live with .
He did n't know much about them .	He accidentally pointed one at a friend .
I 've listened to what the birds and squirrels squawk about .	They squawk about world peace and evolution .
When I went to check it out , the line was out the door .	The chicken was amazing .
She is known for her serve .	She challenged her friend to see who had the better serve .
He took pictures of everything .	One day he discovered that he took a picture of a crime .
Sarah had a new job at a diner .	The owner was teaching her how to make a pizza .
Bob needed a haircut .	He decided to go to the salon .
Reggie was proud of having 12 years without a car accident .	Reggie needed to go to a nearby store .
Sally and Frankie were having a bubble gum blowing contest .	Sally had just blown a huge bubble .
But then she saw all kinds of beetles scurrying around !	May was disgusted and threw her digging implements down .
Jane wanted to let her hair grow long .	But as summer approached , she felt urged to cut it .
We decided to take a tour of the old houses downtown .	My wife and I ended up at one that seemed quite abandoned .
Karen received a phone call from her boss asking about her tardiness .	She rushed to work over and hour late and behind on her work .
Andrew then married her and it put everything in perspective for him .	Andrew is now happy .
We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday .	The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs .
They used pickle jars that they already had to drink .	Their water tasted like pickles .
Sally was staying with her grandmother on the farm .	She opened the fridge to see there was no milk for her breakfast .
She had fun and made lots of friends there .	There was a bad storm at the camp this week .
I went down the usual highway but got stuck .	The road was jammed bumper to bumpers .
I spent most of the trip in bed .	I learned to take better care of myself next time .
Before I was about to leave , she was about to run into a glass window .	I immediately ran after her to redirect her .
The game was almost over , and the bases were loaded .	Brian was nervous as he went up to the plate .
Chris took his girl on a boat trip .	They went to channel islands Park .
She and her friend hurriedly began digging for treasure .	To their dismay , though , they found none .
He had set his stove way too high of a temperature .	Jerry let the flames die down .
They visited an animal shelter to get one .	Julie loved all the dogs , but one cute mutt in particular .
They talked their mom into buying clothes of different styles .	Connie bought outfits that were pink and frilly .
Jerry spilled his drink and demanded that guy buy him another drink .	They began fighting and Jerry beat him up .
We decided to date and get to know one another .	One day , I told him my favorite president was Teddy Roosevelt .
The mobster offered Evie a large amount of money .	Evie told the mobster no thank you , she only steals jewels .
His favorite drink was Gin and Tonic and he drank a lot of it .	He got pretty drunk and had a good time .
I become so interested in working with the special education students .	I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning .
Amy 's coach was giving a pep talk before the game .	Amy was so excited she barely paid attention .
It was a murder mystery .	I liked the book so much I bought another one in the series .
He hated being there .	In time though , he got much better .
He did n't think anyone loved him .	He did n't talk to anyone at school .
David was excited when his parents bought him a chemistry set .	He loved doing experiments in the basement .
Tom married a woman who was deaf and could not hear his singing .	His wife and all of her friends found no problem with Tom
Courtney loves to play the lottery .	She has a special system she uses to pick her numbers .
Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place .	The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it .
They overcharge for everything .	Food and the tickets are overpriced .
There were kangaroos fighting each other .	One kangaroo kicked another kangaroo .
Most cases she tried , did not fit .	It took weeks to find one .
Sarah bought a dozen donuts .	She brought them home for her friends .
So she took a break .	Tom said she was just making excuses .
So , he took me out for a celebratory drink .	We had a good chat .
She agrees to go out with him .	They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after .
When it dried , she slicked on another coat .	Her nails came out beautifully !
He gave the clerk the suit and asked when to pick it up .	The clerk said in three hours .
The first two weeks of practice we did n't even touch a ball , just ran .	We ran so much I thought I was on the track team .
He ate it anyway .	He told him he would replace it .
All of a sudden , the top of the fan dropped from the ceiling .	It landed on the gaming console and broke it .
I wanted her concert tickets to give as a Christmas gift .	Her online tickets sold out in twenty minutes .
Tim had a fish fry .	He cooked all kinds of fish .
One day , they were very loudly debating when the CEO walked by .	A few hours later , everyone had to attend a company wide meeting .
Dan , however , showed the note to all his friends .	Candy 's feelings were hurt by what her crush did .
Harry had been out walking for miles .	He got lost in the woods and did n't know it .
He bought so much gear in preparation .	However , when he was about to go , he could not find his tent .
He heard a strange noise coming from the basement	Jeb slowly opened the door
Sally was an artist at school .	She hated painting photos .
Sam bought his first ever baseball glove .	He was so proud he ran straight home to show his parents .
They were now hungry .	They made a pizza , popcorn , and grabbed other snacks .
A major street near Gina 's home was closing for repairs .	Gina did n't think the street was in bad shape .
When I went to visit my aunt , no one was home .	We promised to hang out , but she had to go to work .
Adrian was a fine art consultant for a gallery in Newport Beach .	The gallery showcased the most expensive art in the world .
He forgot most restaurants closed today .	There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open .
The snow fort muted all noise , and the girls lost track of time .	When they tired of playing , the girls left their snow fort .
During recess , he ran after her and yelled her name .	During lunch , he tried to sit next to her .
But then , she threw the stick a little too far .	It landed in the bushes .
One day my teacher allowed us to dismiss 30 seconds before the bell .	I hated being in crowded hallways so I took out speedwalking .
He quickly wrote a news story on the subject .	He put his news story online .
She tried growing an apple tree , but the vibes covered that too .	Then , in the fall , the vibes began to droop with round orbs .
But then , near home , she struck another vehicle .	Ellen was arrested for drunk driving .
Jon liked a girl .	He decided to talk to her .
Ethan was walking at the mall .	Suddenly , he spotted something black .
He remembers very little from before being blind .	He often needs things described to him .
Jean has n't seen her best friend in two Year 's .	One day Jean called her best friend and asked her to lunch .
However , her students notice that she has bad body odor .	One day they tell her she needs to start wearing deodorant .
Johnny loves playing catch with his dad .	On weekdays his dad is busy .
They had been trying for years .	They needed a medical procedure .
Tom could n't relax .	Tom put on large headphones and was able to relax .
James had wanted one ever since his big brother started skateboarding .	James practiced every day and fell many times .
I tried my first sip of beer in sixth grade .	I tried it at my friend 's birthday party sleepover .
He was unhappy .	He would have to miss work for over a week .
Another kid told Jamie what Josh had said .	Jamie was not pleased .
And he quickly tossed aside the book when he finished .	When Omar took his calculus test , he had no idea what to do .
Ed was throwing rocks at a nearby lake .	His little brother was beside him .
They ate companionably .	Then Ed dropped to his knees .
He sold two lamps at his store .	He put two lamps in his kitchen .
When she found the one she wanted , she was thrilled .	She got to move in the next day .
He was so rude , I abruptly left and opted out of a picture with him .	I later threw away all memorabilia and CD 's from this artist .
Everyone was shocked when Ali walked into her class .	The principal explained everything to her teacher .
Neil was on his way to Italy .	He had left Spain on a high speed train .
Within a couple weeks , the Japanese vine had grown everywhere .	The client sued Scott for being a horrible landscaper .
I love mowing the lawn .	It gives me time to think and meditate .
He works on a cruise ship .	One day , a very famous actor went to see his show .
Kay was amazed at the results .	In eight weeks , she had lost twelve pounds !
Our first stop was the laundry where Walt worked .	When we got out of the car the cops came .
But one day , it was too hot to eat it .	So Jim decided to pour milk on his uncooked oats .
Alyssa wore the brooch as often as she was allowed .	Her grandmother passed later that year .
Unfortunately , she got lost .	She spent almost an hour wandering around .
But when she went into the kitchen , she was disappointed .	All the milk was gone !
Alex hates mushrooms on his pizza .	He decided to just toughen up and eat them this one time .
He applied for many jobs but had no responses .	Eventually he asked his friends for help .
Sam was making a pickle and cheese sandwich .	His mom said it looked gross .
Charles graduated college and rented an apartment .	He still lived in college town and missed home .
They went and had dinner and went to a movie .	Jane and Tom both had a great time .
Soon he had gotten on countless mailing lists .	Soon all of the dollars and postage expenses added up .
The team allowed anyone to play , there was no trying out .	Because of this , I was one of the best players on my team .
One day he was gone and the whole day was a little sad .	Everyone was so glad when Aaron came back .
Kelly decided she wanted to go on a rollercoaster .	Her friend suggested Batman .
Ryan caught the ball on the inbound pass .	He took the three point shot and made it !
He decided to call his son into the room to help him .	After a few moments , his son told him his battery had run out .
She picked out colors .	She finally had the kitchen of her dreams .
His baby sister was wearing a Batman shirt , but Batman was for boys .	He told his mom that she needed to change the baby into girl clothes .
He squirted himself in the eye .	Mary spent the next 20 minutes flushing her son 's eye with water .
When my father died my mother and I had to go to the hospital .	We were hysterical and my aunt hoped they could sedate us .
She dared him to go inside it .	Ben was nervous , but he agreed .
As she walked through the park , she attracted much attention .	A teenage boy stopped Jane on the path and asked her a question .
My cousin introduced me to this dating application .	I decided to try it out and ended up meeting a nice female .
He practiced very hard for a few weeks .	Finally he was a terrific poker player .
It had been several years since we broke up .	He tracked me down via all of my social media .
Her mom said that she would be working that weekend .	Instead , her mom drove a friend 's daughter to a college interview .
Jake and his grandfather were spending the day together .	Jake 's grandfather had already planned ahead and bought a train set .
For a while she wondered what she could use the yellow paint on .	She decided to paint the shutters of her home yellow .
Burton applied online to his favorite universities .	He waited for their answers .
He knew he needed something to pick him up .	He pulled into the nearest drive thru .
On the bright side , many people communicated with each other .	They also participated in several activities such as cooking .
At the church he was impressed with the the stained glass windows .	He spoke with many other people at the church .
One evening while performing a hysterectomy he noticed something .	A throat lozenge was laying in inside of the patient 's vaginal cavity .
Mike wanted to earn a pizza party at school .	In order to do so , he needed to get good grades .
That evening he had a heart attack .	Tyler knows he needs to change his lifestyle .
This year he decided to build a robot as his science fair project .	He worked very hard day and night to perfect his creation .
Sam was a beautiful girl but she lived in that place .	I wanted to visit her but the stench was truly horrific .
She was exhausted and sat in the only seat available to her .	Some of the other passengers thought she should not sit there .
During her visit a blizzard occurred .	She was very excited to see all the snow .
He met a nice woman and they went out for coffee .	However , Horatio did not feel a strong connection with her .
Eloise dressed up in a pink dress and went as a fairy godmother .	Her date thought she looked absolutely stunning .
Every morning , sun shining through Gabe 's window woke him up .	So he decided to get dark curtains .
My friend 's son just graduated from college .	He moved from his NH home and lived in Boston .
They traveled around Europe for two years .	When they returned home they had their first child .
Sarah arrived at school to find a note on her locker .	The note led her on a huge scavenger hunt .
The quarterback called for a passing play .	With only seconds left in the game , the quarterback threw a long pass .
Sam had been playing football since he was 7 Year 's old .	All the seniors would be honored tonight .
He then started to ask for money .	I gave back the rose , frustrated .
They walked down the road .	Then , they were at a store .
Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade .	It was very fun .
Thomas went deep sea fishing with his friends .	He went all day and had n't caught anything .
He decides to become a stamp collector .	He gathers a wide variety of stamps , both rare and common .
Yesterday , he noticed a sore on his arm .	He went to the doctors to get it checked out .
Daisy loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection .	Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard .
No one knew that he had modded his game so that it was easier .	Then , one of the admins found out .
She looked in other parts of her purse .	She realized there was a line forming .
Tim decided to buy Jay a phone .	After that Jay was able to call home when he wanted .
I 've always wanted to do over a hundred push ups .	Right now I can do about fifty .
Valentine 's day came around next year .	Cindy was alone .
I tried to speak over him but he would n't stop .	I immediately walked away .
Jeff has been trying to get a promotion at work .	He has been trying at this for a year now and is growing impatient .
While waiting for clothes to be done washing , she went upstairs .	She got distracted and was two minutes late coming back downstairs .
Alice confronted her roommate and got her mug back .	From then on , Alice kept her prized mug in her room .
Nora 's rice was a little bland .	She decided to add some hot sauce .
He decided to live in his car .	One night , someone stole his car .
When one was about to sleep , the other 's noises would keep them up .	Lacy decided she needed some quiet time .
He was always driving over the speed limit .	He was pulled over by a policeman for going over the speed limit .
She saved every dime that she made .	Jade made enough money and took her dream trip to Disney .
Lee wanted to compete in a race .	She started running on her own .
Upon coming out of the surgery , I felt great .	The medicine was still affecting my judgement quite a bit .
Jack and Jill went out on their dock .	They were going fishing .
After thinking about different books , I decided on store and left .	The drive there was simple and quick .
He thought of a scheme to raise the funds he needed .	He gathered some friends together that he could count on to invest .
She sat in a tall chair with a worker on either side .	On the count of three they pierced her ears at the same time .
There we saw many monuments and works of art .	Getting to go to France on that trip was a dream come true .
The day that Ed went to the market .	He was sweating all down his face .
A cloud passed over the sun and it bothered the cats .	One cat jumped off the fence to try to get back into the light .
Ralph noticed his dog 's start to pace nervously .	He knew this could be one of two things .
She did everything she could to represent her country .	Still , some people thought she was a poor representative .
She pulled over and got out to check .	Bev saw that she had a flat tire !
He told his math teacher that he memorized 50 digits of it .	But she told him it was a waste of time .
As a child I got lost in the forest behind my house one night .	It was really cold , and I had forgotten my gloves .
He decided to teach his girlfriend how to play it .	She learned a basic beat quickly .
I have to have surgery on Monday , which is five days away .	As each day goes by I get more and more nervous .
I remembered to do it the first day .	I remembered to do it on the second and third day .
Sam was online .	All of a sudden the internet went down .
It had n't been cut in three Year 's .	His dad made him cut it for family photos .
He loved walking slowly .	He liked to enjoy the scenery .
Luke camped out to be in line for the pre sale of movie tickets .	When he got up to the cashier they told him he was the lucky winner .
Grandma suggested they start with something easier .	Lucy was upset that her grandma had no faith in her .
They grill up lots of meat .	This time they messed up and undercooked the meat .
Jasper and Stacy got married when they were twenty years old .	They eventually had three children .
She decided to make her own .	She gathered the materials and she found a tutorial .
I refused and walked away .	We did n't talk for the whole day .
He was eager to dig up dinosaur bones !	He spent all day searching for fossils .
The truck almost hit Rex 's bike .	Rex was happy to have moved just in time to miss the truck .
Bobby hated that his five sisters always picked girlie movies .	So when it was his turn , he picked an adventure film .
Morgan was the king of his country .	His brother Sean was very jealous of his crown .
Bob saw the snow falling outside his room window .	He asked his mother if he could play in the snow .
He was stranded on the beach .	He was still alive .
Not just little farts - there were ones you could hear across the room	So for the time being he 's not allowed to sleep in my bed !
However this morning she lost track of it .	She looked all over town trying to find it .
He drove to his hardware store .	He bought wooden planks and nails .
He went to school the next day confident he would pass .	He passed the exam and was very happy .
She decided to hire a personal trainer .	The personal trainer was helpful at first .
Randy told his children he would be there for them at the game	His children were so happy their dad was gon na watch them
She turned up the television to drown out the background noise .	Her brothers continued to yell and play wrestle with each other .
He was ready , and his friends said good luck .	He took first place !
There was one little boxer puppy who was very cute and adorable .	He pulled on Kate 's pants leg while barking .
Soon the wind and snow was raging !	The snowstorm was severe and intimidating .
All of the other food was ready and the table was set .	When Sean checked the turkey , he saw that the bottom was still raw .
Barry searched the internet for a quick and easy recipe .	After finding the recipe , Barry gathered the ingredients .
Then , he confirmed his email address .	Finally , he started using twitter .
Saturday it rained .	The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home .
Anthony searched frantically for twenty minutes .	He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result .
Linda loved it when strangers complimented her boy 's blonde curls .	As the boy grew , Linda noticed his hair darken and straighten .
It was a close race but Tim pulled ahead at the end .	Tim won and felt proud
Her husband and her went in for an ultrasound .	The ultrasound technician told them that her babies were doing great .
He restocked items .	He hated his job , and wanted to quit .
Abdullah does his leg routine .	Abdullah cleans up and heads home .
They became friends and she encouraged him to go outside again .	When Chris tried it he was amazed at how bright it was outside .
She was low on gas .	She decided not to stop to get more .
Coco would sleep through her alarm every morning .	Her boss was n't satisfied with her daily tardiness .
He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away .	Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion .
She decided to volunteer at a shelter .	At the shelter , she was given the job of cleaning cages .
Tanya was trying to communicate with Khan .	He did n't hear her at all since he was wearing his headphones .
Tracy is fearless , smart and a winner .	Doug left his wife Robin for Tracy .
He fell flat for a moment , but eventually woke up .	The toaster was thrown away since it broke .
At work , she began to feel better .	At home , she noticed how dirty the carpet was .
Her friends tried everything to make her happy .	On the night of her birthday , they told her to get dressed up .
We took her to a wig shop .	Harlan bought a wig that looked like her old hair .
She screamed when she touched the bottom again and found a huge snake .	Lucinda decided to stick to swimming in her pool the rest of the year .
He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong .	Ed ended up crashing his car !
She was looking forward to a gift from her brother in Virginia .	Finally the big day had arrived .
A packet of gas relief tablets fell out of the purse onto the paper .	Joan finished wrapping and presented the gift .
They were for the high school she wanted to attend .	Tami made up her mind to try out for the JV Volleyball team .
