SunTrust Plaza is a 60 story skyscraper in downtown Atlanta .	Built as part of the Peachtree Center complex , construction was finished in 1992 , and has been the second-tallest building in Atlanta since then .
It was completed in 1987 and remained the tallest building in Atlanta until 1992 , when it was surpassed by the Bank of America Plaza , which was also built in Midtown .	It was also the tallest building in the southeastern U.S. at the time of completion , surpassing the Southeast Financial Center in Miami .
In 1956 , he began to conduct at the Komische Oper in Berlin , leaving in 1964 to become conductor of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra .	He stayed there until 1968 , when he became principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic , a post he held until 1990 .
Humoral immunity or humoural immunity is the aspect of immunity that is mediated by macromolecules found in extracellular fluids such as secreted antibodies , complement proteins , and certain antimicrobial peptides .	Humoral immunity is so named because it involves substances found in the humors , or body fluids .
Ormandy was born in Budapest , Austria-Hungary , as Jenő Blau , the son of Jewish parents Rosalie and Benjamin Blau , a dentist who was also an amateur violinist .	Ormandy began studying violin at the Royal National Hungarian Academy of Music ( now the Franz Liszt Academy of Music ) at the age of five .
Designed by Johnson/Burgee Architects and Kendall/Heaton Associates Inc , the building was completed in 1990 and is the fourth tallest in the city , winning the BOMA Building of the Year Awards the next year , repeating in 1998 and 2003 .	Throughout the 1990s 191 Peachtree was considered Atlanta 's premier business address .
She was the first female Prime Minister of New Zealand , and is the only woman to have led the National Party .	Shipley was born in Gore , Southland .
The first building on the site was the first official Georgia Governor 's Mansion in Atlanta , a Victorian-style home purchased by the state in 1870 at the southwest corner of Peachtree Street and Cain Street ( later International Boulevard , now Andrew Young International Boulevard ) .	After housing 17 governors of Georgia ( each limited to a single term of office ) until 1921 , it was demolished in 1923 for the Henry Grady Hotel , named for `` Atlanta Constitution '' newspaper journalist/magnate and philanthropist Henry W. Grady .
His personal name was Liu Heng .	Liu Heng was a son of Emperor Gao of Han and Consort Bo , later empress dowager .
During that time period the Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel was the tallest building in Atlanta .	It has a stair-like design that staggers down to the ground , and is clad in pink granite quarried from Marble Falls , Texas .
They had been nearly excluded from the political system since 1890 by passage that year by white Democrats of a new state constitution incorporating these devices and by the practices of the ruling white Democrats in the decades since .	Participation in the state Democratic Party was limited to whites only .
Common names include campion ( shared with `` Silene '' ) and catchfly , the latter name based on the sticky stems .	The lychnis is also the common name of `` Hadena bicruris '' , a species of noctuid moth .
Set just off Peachtree Street on 15th Street , it sits on the same block as One Atlantic Center and was only the second major office tower in Midtown .	It is set diagonally to the street grid to maximize its impact on the skyline and allow tenants better views .
The company , then called Southern Bell , originally planned to build the parking deck for the tower one block further east at the corner of Ponce de Leon Avenue and Peachtree Street .	This would have required the razing of the historic Fox Theatre which would have been an especially great loss to the city after the downtown Loew 's Grand Theatre was destroyed by fire in 1978 .
The flowers of most species are blue or yellow , rarely red , white , or pink , and some are heterostylous .	There is an average of 6 to 10 seeds per boll .
Since 2007 , Bill Gates ( through Cascade Investment ) and Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal have been majority owners of the company .	Canadian businessman Isadore Sharp founded Four Seasons in 1960 .
Hernández Pérez de Larrea , a patron of science .	South American members of this genus are known as jarillas and can produce fertile interspecific hybrids .
The species are mostly herbaceous perennials , a few are annual or biennial , and some are low subshrubs with woody basal stems .	The leaves are opposite , simple , mostly linear and often strongly glaucous grey-green to blue-green .
Specifically , in the state of Texas , the terms Farm to Market Road and Ranch to Market Road indicate roadways that are part of the state 's system of secondary and connecting routes , built and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .	Texas established this system in 1949 to improve access to rural areas .
Nearby in West Derby , there had long been a castle , which was taken by the Ferrerses in 1232 , but by 1296 it lay in ruins .	The castle in Liverpool was built to protect King John 's new port , and was sited at the top of modern-day Lord Street , the highest point in the city which overlooks the Pool .
The motto of MEChA is 'La Union Hace La Fuerza ' .	MEChA began during the 1960s , empowered through the political movements of the time , especially the civil rights and Chicano Movement .
GLAAD ( formerly the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ) is an American non-governmental media monitoring organization founded by LGBT people in the media .	Before March 2013 , the name `` GLAAD '' had been an acronym for `` Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation '' , but became the primary name due to its inclusiveness of bisexual and transgender issues .
GLSEN ( formerly the Gay , Lesbian & Straight Education Network ) is a United States-based education organization working to create safe and inclusive K-12 schools .	Founded in 1990 in Boston , Massachusetts , GLSEN 's mission states the organization seeks to end discrimination , harassment , and bullying based on sexual orientation , gender identity and gender expression in K-12 schools .
Cuiheng is best known as the birthplace of Dr Sun Yat-sen , the `` Father of the Nation '' of the Republic of China .	Cuiheng is southeast of downtown Zhongshan , and north of Macau .
The first stamps appeared in 1871 .	They were round in shape , imperforate , and printed in black , with a crude lion 's head , surrounded by Arabic script specifying one of three denominations .
As its members adhere to Congregationalism , the union is mostly occupied with integration , administrative tasks , international mission , and education .	It owns Holtekilen Folk High School and half of the Norwegian School of Leadership and Theology .
It is one of three public colleges in the Nebraska State College System .	The school opened in June 1911 , although a previous institution dated from the late 19th century .
There are three subspecies , of which only the Fennoscandian form is migratory , wintering in shoreline habitats further south in Europe .	The Eurasian rock pipit is territorial at least in the breeding season , and year-round where it is resident .
It is a short-distance migrant ; many birds move to lower altitudes or wet open lowlands in winter .	The water pipit in breeding plumage has greyish-brown upperparts , weakly streaked with darker brown , and pale pink-buff underparts fading to whitish on the lower belly .
The first preacher was John McKaeg , who conducted the first Baptist service on Sunday April 24 in `` The Rose and Crown Inn '' on the corner of Castlereagh and King Streets .	The first baptism , of two female congregants , was conducted by McKaeg in Woolloomooloo Bay on 12 August 1832 .
The Hippodrome of Constantinople ( ) was a circus that was the sporting and social centre of Constantinople , capital of the Byzantine Empire .	Today it is a square named `` Sultanahmet Meydanı '' ( `` Sultan Ahmet Square '' ) in the Turkish city of Istanbul , with a few fragments of the original structure surviving .
It is a rare but regular vagrant to western Europe .	The genus name `` Anthus '' is the Latin name for a small bird of grasslands .
It is a long distance migrant moving to open lowlands in Southern Asia .	It is a very rare vagrant to Western Europe .
Located along the middle reaches of the Zi River , it covers 3,635 square kilometers and has a population of 1,291,626 ( 2002 ) .	Xinhua shares the border with Lengshuijiang , Lianyuan , Xinshao , Xupu and Longhui counties and cities .
The Isle of Purbeck is a peninsula in Dorset , England .	It is bordered by water on three sides : the English Channel to the south and east , where steep cliffs fall to the sea ; and by the marshy lands of the River Frome and Poole Harbour to the north .
Although the neo-Confucianists were critical of Taoism and Buddhism , the two did have an influence on the philosophy , and the neo-Confucianists borrowed terms and concepts .	However , unlike the Buddhists and Taoists , who saw metaphysics as a catalyst for spiritual development , religious enlightenment , and immortality , the neo-Confucanists used metaphysics as a guide for developing a rationalist ethical philosophy .
The county council 's headquarters was County Hall at Beverley , inherited from the East Riding , and its largest settlement and only city was Kingston upon Hull .	The county stretched from Wold Newton in its northern tip to a different Wold Newton at its most southern point .
Walter M. Jackson 's company Grolier acquired the rights to publish it in the U.S. under the name `` The Book of Knowledge '' ( 1910 ) .	The encyclopædia was originally published in fortnightly parts between March 1908 and February 1910 .
Context awareness is a property of mobile devices that is defined complementarily to location awareness .	Whereas location may determine how certain processes around a contributing device operate , context may be applied more flexibly with mobile users , especially with users of smart phones .
Master of the Mint was an important office in the governments of Scotland and England , and later Great Britain , between the 16th and 19th centuries .	The Master was the highest officer in the Royal Mint .
Caples became a professional boxer in 1999 .	Before fighting for the world championship , she had to meet the likes of Kim Messer , Elena Reid and former world champion Para Draine before meeting Regina Halmich in Germany for the WIBF world Jr. Flyweight title , on August 17 , 2002 .
The office-holder was responsible for the direction and control of Naval Finance of the Royal Navy .	The office was a political appointment , and frequently was held by up-and-coming young politicians who would later go on to hold more important positions .
Darkening of the skin in certain areas may also occur .	Under certain circumstances , an adrenal crisis may occur with low blood pressure , vomiting , lower back pain , and loss of consciousness .
It includes many `` sub-communities '' working on particular scientific fields , and within particular institutions ; interdisciplinary and cross-institutional activities are also significant .	Objectivity is expected to be achieved by the scientific method .
Bennett held chairmanships and senior positions on a number of key Senate committees , including the Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee ; Appropriations Committee ; Rules and Administration Committee ; Energy and Natural Resources Committee ; and Joint Economic Committee .	Bennett was a popular and reliably conservative senator for most of his tenure , earning high ratings from conservative activist groups such as the National Rifle Association , U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and American Conservative Union .
Dr. Hermann Louis Brill ( 9 February 1895 – 22 June 1959 ) was a German doctor of law and a politician ( SPD ) .	Brill was born in the small town of Gräfenroda , Saxe-Coburg and Gotha on 9 February 1895 as the son of a tailor ; after finishing school , he attended the `` Herzog-Ernst-Seminar '' in Gotha to become a teacher .
He studied law in Berlin and Leipzig and practiced as a lawyer in Gera .	He was a member of the German Democratic Party until its dissolution in 1933 .
He served as the 28th and 40th President of the Bundesrat in 1976/77 and 1987/88 .	Vogel was born in Göttingen .
Allan Michael Rock , ( born August 30 , 1947 ) is a lawyer , former Canadian politician , diplomat and was the President of University of Ottawa .	He was Canada 's ambassador to the United Nations ( 2004–2006 ) and had previously served in the Cabinet of Jean Chrétien , most notably as Justice Minister ( 1993–1997 ) and Health Minister ( 1997–2002 ) .
After World War II he engaged in rebuilding structures of self-rule in the Soviet occupation zone and was co-founder and member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Germany ( LDPD ) .	Hübener was born in Tacken ( now part of Groß Pankow ( Prignitz ) ) , Province of Brandenburg .
Due to his illegal political activity , he was accused in 1939 of treason ( `` Landesverrat '' and `` Hochverrat '' ) and from 1942 to 1945 was a political prisoner in the concentration camps Sachsenhausen and Dachau .	From 11 May 1992 to his death in 1995 , he was the oldest former Minister-President of a German state , preceded in this by Bruno Diekmann .
He was succeeded by Werner Münch .	Gies remained a parliamentary delegate until 1998 .
After Gies had to resign already in 1991 Münch was elected as 2nd Minister-President of Saxony Anhalt from 4 July 1991 to 28 November 1993 , when he resigned after criticism over alleged overpayments .	He was succeeded by Christoph Bergner .
and writer .	In 1990 , in the first ( and last ) free election in the assembly 's history , he was elected a member of the East German People 's Chamber ( `` Volkskammer '' ) , becoming the assembly 's vice president .
He served as President of the Bundesrat in 2002/03 .	Böhmer publicly spoke out against Angela Merkel and instead endorsed Edmund Stoiber as the party ’ s candidate to challenge incumbent Chancellor Gerhard Schröder in the 2002 federal elections .
For decades previously it had been controlled by the Labour Party .	In the 2012 elections the Labour Party regained control with an overall majority .
Additionally , it can refer to the period of withdrawal during which an organism returns to homeostasis after long-term use of an addictive substance .	In medicine , detoxification can be achieved by decontamination of poison ingestion and the use of antidotes as well as techniques such as dialysis and ( in a limited number of cases ) chelation therapy .
Its goal was to provide the productivity benefits associated with academic single-user programming environments to teams of developers developing mission-critical applications that could execute on a range of computing platforms .	The Rational Environment was organized around a persistent intermediate representation ( DIANA ) , providing users with syntactic and semantic completion , incremental compilation , and integrated configuration management and version control .
Some reports of `` jauhar '' mention women committing self-immolation along with their children .	This practice was historically observed in northwest regions of India , with most famous Jauhars in recorded history occurring during wars between Hindu Rajput kingdoms in Rajasthan and the Muslim armies .
on which two σ-finite measures are defined , formula_2 and formula_3 .	It states that , if formula_4 ( i.e .
While southerly populations in the Rocky Mountains and coast are largely resident , the breeding populations of the northerly part of its range are migratory and can be found as wintering or passage visitors through most of North America south to central Mexico .	The scientific name is from Ancient Greek .
Yigal Allon ( ; 10 October 1918 – 29 February 1980 ) was an Israeli politician , a commander of the Palmach , and a general in the IDF .	He served as one of the leaders of Ahdut HaAvoda party and the Israeli Labor party , and acting Prime Minister of Israel .
He died in office .	Ríos was born at the `` Huichicura '' hacienda , near the town of Cañete , a coal-mining village in the Arauco Province of southern Chile .
`` La Jornada '' has presence in eight states of the Mexican Republic with local editions in Aguascalientes , Guerrero , Jalisco , Michoacán , Morelos , San Luis Potosí , Puebla and Veracruz `` ( La Jornada de Oriente ) . ''	It has approximately 287,000 readers in Mexico City , and , according to them , their website has approximately 180,000 daily page views .
Unable to continue studying the piano , his teacher at the Toho Gakuen School of Music , Hideo Saito , brought Ozawa to a life-changing performance of Beethoven 's Symphony No .	5 , which ultimately shifted his musical focus from piano performance to conducting .
Eldon Wayne Hoke ( March 23 , 1958 – April 19 , 1997 ) , nicknamed El Duce , was an American musician best known as the drummer and lead singer of the shock rock band The Mentors .	He was part of other acts , including Chinas Comidas and The Screamers before that .
Todor Skalovski composed the music , while the lyrics were written by Vlado Maleski .	It was adopted as the Macedonian national anthem in 1992 , a year after the state 's independence was declared from Yugoslavia .
George Rose ( 17 June 1744 – 13 January 1818 ) was a British politician .	Born at Woodside near Brechin , Scotland , Rose was the second son of the Reverend David Rose of Lethnot , of an ancient family of Kilravoe , in the County of Nairn , by his second wife , Margaret , daughter of Donald Rose of Wester Clune ( and a descendant of James Sharp , Archbishop of St Andrews from 1661 to 1679 , through his daughter , Isabella ) .
Menzel , a member of the Czech New Wave , became internationally famous in 1967 , when his first feature film , `` Closely Watched Trains '' , won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .	His controversial film `` Larks on a String '' was filmed in 1969 , but was initially banned by the Czechoslovakian government .
The Soliga speak Sholaga , which belongs to the Dravidian family .	A scheduled tribe , they have a population of around 20,000 individuals .
After a millennium of disintegration from Old Kannada into various languages , sister languages and Kannada dialects , modern Kannada stands among 30 most widely spoken languages of the world as of 2001 .	Settlement in Karnataka is found to be existent at least from the 2nd millennium BC as explored in Brahmagiri archaeological site near Chitradurga district , central Karnataka .
After receiving the proper credentials , Turner headed to the Tuskegee Institute , Alabama , where he taught academics in biology .	Later , he gave service to various public schools in Baltimore , Maryland .
The family Dysderidae ( `` woodlouse hunters '' , `` sowbug-eating spiders '' or `` cell spiders '' ) are araneomorph spiders found primarily in Eurasia , although extending into North Africa , with very few species occurring in South America , and one ( `` Dysdera crocata '' ) introduced into many regions of the world .	Dysderids have six eyes , and are haplogyne , i.e .
Disgruntled with the communist regime that had taken over in Czechoslovakia in 1948 , students of the Film and TV School of The Academy of Performing Arts in Prague ( also known as FAMU ) became the dissenters of their time .	Their objective in making films was `` to make the Czech people collectively aware that they were participants in a system of oppression and incompetence which had brutalized them all . ''
The Cavalier King Charles Spaniel is a small spaniel classed as a toy dog by The Kennel Club and the American Kennel Club , that originated in the United Kingdom .	Since 2000 , it has grown in popularity in the United States and ranks as the 18th most popular pure-breed in the United States ( 2013 Registration Statistics ) .
She has been among Sweden 's most popular performers since the early 1980s , and has released albums ranging from pop and disco to hymns and folk music .	Her debut album , `` Främling '' ( Stranger ) , sold around one million copies and remains the biggest-selling album in Swedish music history .
Kaluza himself was born in Wilhelmsthal ( a village that was incorporated into Oppeln ( present-day Opole ) in 1899 ) .	He spent his youth in Königsberg , where his father , Max Kaluza , was a professor of the English language .
Mark Morrison ( born 3 May 1972 ) is a British R & B singer .	His single , `` Return of the Mack '' , became a No .
His work is characterised by his muscular figures , dramatic gestures and bold use of perspective , in the Mannerist style .	In his youth , Tintoretto was also known as Jacopo Robusti as his father had defended the gates of Padua in a way that others called robust , against the imperial troops during the War of the League of Cambrai ( 1509–16 ) .
It is notable for its wildlife , and is particularly famous as being the sole British location for the Rannoch-rush , named after the moor .	It was frequently visited by Horace Donisthorpe who collected many unusual species of ants on the moor and surrounding hilly ground .
`` Random House Dictionary '' defines tolerance as `` a fair , objective , and permissive attitude toward those whose opinions , beliefs , practices , racial or ethnic origins , etc. , differ from one 's own '' .	Toleration may signify `` no more than forbearance and the permission given by the adherents of a dominant religion for other religions to exist , even though the latter are looked on with disapproval as inferior , mistaken , or harmful . ''
Moon type was developed by Dr. William Moon ( 1818—1894 ) , a blind Englishman living in Brighton , East Sussex .	After a bout of scarlet fever , Moon lost his sight at age 21 and became a teacher of blind children .
As integral parts of France and the European Union , overseas departments are represented in the National Assembly , Senate , and Economic and Social Council , vote to elect members of the European Parliament ( MEP ) , and also use the euro as their currency .	The overseas departments and regions are not the same as the overseas collectivities , which have a semi-autonomous status .
Moon was born in Horsmonden , Kent .	As a small child , he lost sight in one eye from scarlet fever , and by the age of twenty-one he had become totally blind .
Once common throughout China , walled villages can still be found in southern China and Hong Kong .	Most of the walled villages of Hong Kong are located in the New Territories .
It is located between Bari and Foggia , on the northwestern edge of the plateau of the Murgia which dominates the Ofanto valley and the extensive plains of Tavoliere delle Puglie , ranging from Mount Vulture at the Gargano , to the Adriatic coast .	Canosa , the Roman Canusium , is considered the principal archaeological center of Apulia , and is one of the oldest continually inhabited cities in Italy .
Joanna David ( born Joanna Elizabeth Hacking ; 17 January 1947 ) is a British actress , best known for her television work .	David was born in Lancaster , England , the daughter of Davida Elizabeth ( Nesbitt ) and John Almond Hacking .
The statue was constructed in only four days out of foam and papier-mâché over a metal armature .	The constructors decided to make the statue as large as possible to try to dissuade the government from dismantling it : the government would either have to destroy the statue—an action which would potentially fuel further criticism of its policies—or leave it standing .
The film tells the story of Alex Rogan ( Lance Guest ) , an average teenager recruited by an alien defense force to fight in an interstellar war .	It also features Robert Preston , Dan O'Herlihy , Catherine Mary Stewart , Norman Snow , and Kay E. Kuter .
Hrozný was born in Lysá nad Labem , Bohemia , Austria-Hungary .	In the town of Kolín he learned Hebrew and Arabic .
These have been translated into numerous languages and in total sold nearly one million copies worldwide .	Heilbrun attended graduate school in English literature at Columbia University , receiving her M.A .
In order for the emperor to change back into a human , he trusts a village leader named Pacha who escorts him back to the palace .	Development for the film began in 1994 where it was conceived as a musical epic titled `` Kingdom of the Sun '' .
The story features one day that 13-year-old Annabel Andrews and her mother spend in each other 's bodies .	Thus it may be considered a modern retelling of `` '' , the 1882 novel by F. Anstey in which the protagonists are a father and son .
SuperWaba is a discontinued Java-like virtual machine ( VM ) that targets portable devices .	Software developers use application programming interfaces ( APIs ) , accessed through associated libraries ( packaged as Jars ) and small tools ( together composing a software development kit ) , to create applications that can run within the VM on supported platforms .
during the Normandy Landings , may be used for tactical bombing ) , and is composed of bombers ( i.e .	planes used to bomb targets ) .
Pahlavi dynasty ( ) was the ruling house of the Imperial state of Iran from 1925 until 1979 , when the 2500 years of continuous Persian monarchy was overthrown and abolished as a result of the Iranian Revolution .	The dynasty was founded by Reza Shah Pahlavi in 1925 , a former brigadier-general of the Persian Cossack Brigade , whose reign lasted until 1941 when he was forced to abdicate by the Allies after the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran .
Daryl Christine Hannah ( born December 3 , 1960 ) is an American actress and environmental activist .	She made her screen debut in Brian De Palma 's supernatural horror film `` The Fury '' ( 1978 ) .
Some children whose parents claim to homeschool have also been found truant in the United States .	Other terms for truancy include playing hooky ( US English ) , skiving off ( British English ) , and bunking .
The festival may have been so called from `` medendo '' , because the Romans then began to drink new wine , which they mixed with old and which served them instead of physic .	Little information about the Meditrinalia survived from early Roman religion , although the tradition itself did .
Tsang Tai Uk ( or `` Big House of the Tsangs '' ) , also known as Shan Ha Wai ( `` Walled Village at the Mountain 's Foot '' ) , is a Hakka walled village in Hong Kong , and one of the best preserved .	The complex is located in Sha Tin close to the south of Pok Hong Estate , near Lion Rock Tunnel Road .
His mother , as the film was released in the late 1940s , was raised during the end of the Victorian Era , in the 1910s or 1920s decade , supposing she is middle aged , where the custom of `` courtship '' was commonplace and is new to the `` dating '' concept , but she accepted it .	The film is one of many public domain films in the Prelinger archives .
Richard Karl Freiherr von Weizsäcker ( ; 15 April 1920 – 31 January 2015 ) was a German politician ( CDU ) , who served as President of Germany from 1984 to 1994 ( of West Germany 1984–1990 and of the reunited Germany 1990–1994 ) .	Born into the aristocratic Weizsäcker family , he took his first public offices in the Evangelical Church in Germany .
In December of each year , the organization votes on the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards , honoring members of the film industry who have excelled in their fields over the calendar year .	These awards are presented each January .
The party was founded as the Democratic Front of Francophones ( `` Front Démocratique des Francophones '' , FDF ) on 11 May 1964 as a response to the language laws of 1962 .	The party had instant success in Brussels : it first contested parliamentary elections one year later , where it won one senator and 3 seats in the Chamber of Representatives for the constituency of Brussels .
The syndicated run was available both separately , and as part of The Disney Afternoon .	Reruns of the show continued in syndication until 1995 .
The White Pass and Yukon Route ( WP & Y , WP & YR ) is a Canadian and U.S. Class II narrow-gauge railroad linking the port of Skagway , Alaska , with Whitehorse , the capital of Yukon .	An isolated system , it has no direct connection to any other railroad .
Blunt had been a member of the Cambridge Five , a group of spies working for the Soviet Union from some time in the 1930s to at least the early 1950s .	His confession , a closely held secret for many years , was revealed publicly by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in November 1979 .
Senator from Nebraska .	Bowring was born in Nevada , Missouri .
The battle is the largest and most important event of the War of the Ring , the war in which the Third Age of Middle-earth comes to a close .	It takes place on 15th 'March ' T.A .
The Vickers VC10 is a mid-sized , narrow-body long-range British jet airliner designed and built by Vickers-Armstrongs ( Aircraft ) Ltd and first flown at Brooklands , Surrey , in 1962 .	The airliner was designed to operate on long-distance routes from the shorter runways of the era and commanded excellent hot and high performance for operations from African airports .
The book is based on a prediction of a more destructive and uncontrollable sort of weapon than the world has yet seen .	It had appeared first in serialised form with a different ending as `` A Prophetic Trilogy '' , consisting of three books : `` A Trap to Catch the Sun '' , `` The Last War in the World '' and `` The World Set Free '' .
It covers the Southern Victory Series period of history from 1862 and from 1881 to 1882 .	The point of divergence occurs on September 10 , 1862 , during the American Civil War .
A national aerobatics champion in the 1980s , after the collapse of the Soviet Union , Paksas founded a construction company , Restako .	In 1997 , he was elected to Vilnius City Council for the centre-right Homeland Union and became mayor .
Most of the other terms are taken from French and German , indicated by `` Fr . ''	and `` Ger .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .	The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay .
The third-rail system of electrification is unrelated to the third rail used in dual gauge railways .	Third-rail systems are a means of providing electric traction power to trains using an additional rail ( called a `` conductor rail '' ) for the purpose .
In aerodynamics , wing loading is the total weight of an aircraft divided by the area of its wing .	The stalling speed of an aircraft in straight , level flight is partly determined by its wing loading .
The EBF was founded in Ruschlikon , Switzerland , in 1949 .	It lays a great deal of emphasis on human rights , religious liberty and aid programs .
Geraci was awarded the Italian national honour of `` Cavaliere dell'Ordine della stella della Solidarietà Italiana '' ( Knight of the Order of the Star of Italian Solidarity ) in 1974 .	Since graduating , Geraci has become well known for his sculpture , working mainly in bronze .
It has been a university since 1966 , but the institution dates back to 1909 , when the then Loughborough Technical Institute began with a focus on skills and knowledge which would be directly applicable in the wider world .	In March 2013 , the university announced it had acquired the former broadcast centre at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park which opened as a second campus in 2015 .
Business performance management has three main activities :	Although presented here sequentially , typically all three activities will run concurrently , with interventions by managers affecting the choice of goals , the measurement information monitored , and the activities being undertaken by the organization .
Another key figure was the radical journalist Brian Trench , now head of the Communications Department at Dublin City University along with the former Clann na Poblachta TD Jack McQuillan .	The founders came from the Liaison Committee of the Labour Left , which in 1975/76 had tried to build the `` Left Alternative '' , a coalition of progressive organisations and individuals , aimed at addressing what they saw as the cultural and economic impoverishment of Irish society by the establishment parties of Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael .
It summarizes key Southern Baptist thought in the areas of the Bible and its authority , the nature of God as expressed by the Trinity , the spiritual condition of man , God 's plan of grace and salvation , the purpose of the local church , ordinances , evangelism , Christian education , interaction with society , religious liberty , and the family .	Although the Southern Baptist Convention was organized in 1845 , no formal confession of faith was adopted until internationally known Baptist theologian Edgar Young Mullins led the denomination to adopt the original BF & M in 1925 .
After only about 10 years ' service TCA experimentally converted one of its Vanguards to a freighter configuration , calling it the Cargoliner .	This was considered successful , and in the early 1970s most were converted to freighters , those from BEA becoming the Merchantman .
The party was formed in 1996 by the United Mine Workers , International Longshore and Warehouse Union , American Federation of Government Employees , California Nurses Association , and hundreds of other local labor unions .	From the beginning a dispute over the Party 's running of candidates arose with many of the official unions totally opposed to running candidates that might cause the defeat of their normal Democratic allies .
William Kissam Vanderbilt I ( December 12 , 1849 – July 22 , 1920 ) was an American heir , businessman , philanthropist and horsebreeder .	Born into the Vanderbilt family , he managed his family 's railroad investments .
Other traditional parties like the Communist Party and the Social Democrat Party lost a significant numbers of seats , making a two-party system a possibility in later Japanese politics .	On October 11 , 2003 , Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi dissolved the House of Representatives of the Diet after he was re-elected as the Liberal Democrat Party chief on September 20 .
The party 's ideology combines environmentalism with left-wing economic policies , including well-funded , locally controlled public services within the confines of a steady-state economy .	Internationally , it is affiliated to the Global Greens .
In May 1996 , The Kliq broke character at a live event at Madison Square Garden in an unscripted incident referred to as the `` Curtain Call '' , which had far-reaching ramifications for the WWF specifically and the wrestling world as a whole .	At a time when professional wrestling organizations worked to maintain the illusion of storylines and characters , the Curtain Call marked the first time that such high-profile performers had so publicly broken character , forcing the WWF and other wrestling organizations to begin acknowledging the scripted elements of their programming .
The show first aired on December 3 , 1983 , and ran under various titles for several months before `` Le Show '' was selected from the results of a listener contest .	A satire of the Renault 5 which was heavily promoted in the US at the time as Le Car .
Shortly after he moved to Indiana , in 1822 the Wabash District Association decided to divide into two bodies , for convenience sake .	Stinson 's church would be in the new body , and he labored to have a statement that `` the preaching that Christ tasted death for every man shall be no bar to fellowship '' would be included in the articles of faith .
The opera eschews traditional narrative in favor of a formalist approach based on structured spaces laid out by Wilson in a series of storyboards .	The music was written `` in the spring , summer and fall of 1975 '' .
Its principal , James Weldon Johnson , wrote the words to introduce its honored guest Booker T. Washington .	The poem was set to music in 1905 by Johnson 's brother John .
The number of zero-valued elements divided by the total number of elements ( e.g. , m × n for an m × n matrix ) is called the sparsity of the matrix ( which is equal to 1 minus the density of the matrix ) .	Conceptually , sparsity corresponds to systems that are loosely coupled .
Linnaeus originally included all the species in one genus , `` Geranium '' , and they were later separated into two genera by Charles L ’ Héritier in 1789 .	`` Pelargonium '' species are evergreen perennials indigenous to temperate and tropical regions of the world , with many species in southern Africa .
Its seat is La Sarre .	There are 23 subdivisions within the RCM :
The Protestant college was founded by evangelical abolitionists in 1860 .	Wheaton College was a stop on the Underground Railroad and graduated one of Illinois ' first African-American college graduates .
Totally Spies !	is a French-Canadian animated television series created by Vincent Chalvon-Demersay and David Michel and produced by Marathon Media and Image Entertainment Corporation .
The scientific name is from Latin .	`` Anthus '' is the name for a small bird of grasslands , and the specific `` trivialis '' means `` common '' , from `` trivium '' , `` public street '' .
Urban geography is the subdiscipline of geography that derives from a study of cities and urban processes .	Urban geographers and urbanists examine various aspects of urban life and the built environment .
Born in New York City of Russian parents , Istomin was a child prodigy .	His earliest public performances began at age six with his mother , and at 12 he entered the Curtis Institute , having had earlier advice from Alexander Siloti and his daughter Kyriena .
The olive-backed pipit ( `` Anthus hodgsoni '' ) is a small passerine bird of the pipit ( `` Anthus '' ) genus , which breeds across South , north Central and East Asia , as well as in the northeast of European Russia .	It is a long-distance migrant moving in winter to southern Asia and Indonesia .
Reporter genes are often used as an indication of whether a certain gene has been taken up by or expressed in the cell or organism population .	To introduce a reporter gene into an organism , scientists place the reporter gene and the gene of interest in the same DNA construct to be inserted into the cell or organism .
servant and ornithologist based in India.The genus name `` Phylloscopus '' is from Ancient Greek `` phullon '' , `` leaf '' , and `` skopos '' , `` seeker '' ( from `` skopeo '' , `` to watch '' ) .	Like most similar songbirds , it was formerly included in the `` Old World warbler '' assemblage .
Thomas Edwin Blanton Jr. and Bobby Cherry were each convicted of four counts of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment in 2001 and 2002 respectively , whereas Herman Cash , who died in 1994 , was never charged with his alleged involvement in the bombing .	The 16th Street Baptist Church bombing marked a turning point in the United States during the civil rights movement and contributed to support for passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
Therefore , cladistically , embryophytes belong to green algae as well .	However , because the embryophytes are traditionally classified as neither algae nor green algae , green algae are a paraphyletic group .
He was also the first to introduce the notion of rational approximations of functions ( nowadays known as Padé approximants ) , and gave the first full proof for the Cayley–Hamilton theorem .	He also lent his name to certain differential-geometric objects in modern mathematical physics , known as Frobenius manifolds .
All of their music has been released by the Washington , D.C. punk label Dischord except for their first LP .	As of 2005 , Lungfish 's lineup consisted of Daniel Higgs ( vocals , occasional guitar ) , Asa Osborne ( guitar ) , Sean Meadows ( bass ) , and Mitchell Feldstein ( drums ) .
Other plumages are duller versions of the same pattern .	The yellowhammer is common in open areas with some shrubs or trees , and forms small flocks in winter .
It also eats nuts and cambium of a wide variety of plant species .	It is observed that the amami rabbit also feeds on the bark of stems and twigs of shrub plants .
Prior to recording the EP , MC Ren , Dr. Dre , Eazy-E , & DJ Yella had signed a long-term contract with the Ruthless Records label to be an official `` N.W.A . ''	group for $ 75,000 USD for work on Straight Outta Compton , this EP , advance & for their future work for Niggaz4life .
She worked for the fashion magazines `` Harper 's Bazaar '' and `` Vogue '' , being the editor-in-chief of the latter , and as a special consultant at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art .	She was named on the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1964 .
The tailplane is kept well out of the disturbed airflow behind the wing and fuselage , giving smoother and faster airflow over the elevators .	This configuration may give more predictable design characteristics and better pitch control ; but in the case of an aircraft with a tractor propeller , pitch control is reduced because the T-tail takes the control surfaces outside the propeller slipstream .
It is usually served wrapped or stuffed in a flatbread such as pita , with tomato , onion , tzatziki sauce , and sometimes french fries .	Like the related dishes shawarma and tacos al pastor , it is derived from the doner kebab .
It is named in honour of two military saints , St Michael and St George .	The Order of St Michael and St George was originally awarded to those holding commands or high position in the Mediterranean territories acquired in the Napoleonic Wars , and was subsequently extended to holders of similar office or position in other territories of the British Empire .
Either situation causes the aircraft to autorotate toward the stalled wing due to its higher drag and loss of lift .	Spins are characterized by high angle of attack , an airspeed below the stall on at least one wing and a shallow descent .
Most studied formal logics have a monotonic consequence relation , meaning that adding a formula to a theory never produces a reduction of its set of consequences .	Intuitively , monotonicity indicates that learning a new piece of knowledge can not reduce the set of what is known .
Bender Bending Rodríguez ( designated in-universe as Bending Unit 22 , unit number 1,729 , serial number 2716057 ) is a fictional character who is one of the main characters in the animated television series `` Futurama '' .	He was created by series creators Matt Groening and David X. Cohen and is voiced by John DiMaggio .
The carbon and other elements in these sugars are then used to make a biopolymer through a process of fermentation and separation .	The resulting resin can then be injection molded into plastics goods , extruded for film applications , thermoformed into packaging , or extruded for use in textiles applications .
Classification updated from Wilson and Reeder 's using the `` Planet ' Mammifères website .	The Elephant Shrew has 19 species in 4 genera .
It is located upon the River Medway , approximately north of Royal Tunbridge Wells , south west of Maidstone and south east of London .	It belongs to the administrative borough of Tonbridge and Malling , and had a population of 40,356 in 2015 .
The Communist Party of New Zealand ( CPNZ ) was a Communist political party in New Zealand which existed from March 1921 until the early 1990s .	Although spurred to life by events in Soviet Russia in the aftermath of World War I , the party had roots in pre-existing revolutionary socialist and syndicalist organisations , including in particular the independent Wellington Socialist Party , supporters of the Industrial Workers of the World in the Auckland region , and a network of impossiblist study groups of miners on the west coast of the South Island .
An ersatz ( ) good is a substitute good , especially one that is considered inferior to the good it replaces .	It has particular connotations of wartime usage .
The township consists of the town of Athens and a few other small communities .	Formerly known as `` Farmersville '' , Benoni Wiltse , a United Empire Loyalist , and his brothers settled in the town of Athens in 1792 .
In order to keep this list of moderate size , links are given to more complete lists for countries with large numbers of small or uninhabited islands .	( New Hebrides ; see also Islands of Vanuatu ) Port Vila
Aylmer is surrounded by Malahide Township .	In October 1817 , John Van Patter , an emigrant from New York State , obtained 80 ha of land and became the first contemporary settler on the site of Aylmer .
Soyuz TMA-3 was a Soyuz ( Russian Союз ТМА-3 , `` Union TMA-3 '' ) mission to the International Space Station ( ISS ) launched by a Soyuz FG launch vehicle which was the third flight for the `` TMA '' modification of the Soyuz spacecraft , and the 7th Soyuz to fly to the ISS .	The commander of the Soyuz was Alexander Kaleri ( Russia ) .
Written reports of rough fishways date to 17th-century France , where bundles of branches were used to create steps in steep channels to bypass obstructions .	A version was patented in 1837 by Richard McFarlan of Bathurst , New Brunswick , Canada , who designed a fishway to bypass a dam at his water-powered lumber mill .
This type of crossing is named after the mythical winged horse , Pegasus .	They are primarily used in the United Kingdom and Peru .
According to Frankl , the way a prisoner imagined the future affected his longevity .	The book intends to answer the question `` How was everyday life in a concentration camp reflected in the mind of the average prisoner ? ''
In 2002 , he released his solo debut album `` Chronicles of the Juice Man '' , in between Three 6 Mafia projects .	In 2011 , Juicy J announced that he was a part-owner and A & R rep for Wiz Khalifa 's Taylor Gang Records , and the following year , he signed a solo deal with Columbia Records and Dr. Luke 's Kemosabe Records .
A large part of the Snowdonian Range lies in the centre and south-east of the county , including Snowdon itself , the highest mountain in Wales at 1,085 m ( 3,560 ft ) .	The south-west of the county is formed by the Llŷn peninsula , with Bardsey Island lying off its western end .
The spelling of the Welsh name in standard modern orthography is `` Meirionnydd '' ( for the geographical area ) or `` Sir Feirionnydd '' ( for the county ) , with a double < nowiki > < nn > < /nowiki > , but the variant with a single < nowiki > < n > < /nowiki > is sometimes found in older works .	Merionethshire is a maritime county , bounded to the north by Caernarfonshire , to the east by Denbighshire , to the south by Montgomeryshire and Cardiganshire , and to the west by Cardigan Bay .
Brecknockshire ( ) , also known as the County of Brecknock , Breconshire , or the County of Brecon is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales , and a former administrative county .	Named after its county town of Brecon ( archaically `` Brecknock '' ) , the county is mountainous and primarily rural .
Induction welding is a form of welding that uses electromagnetic induction to heat the workpiece .	The welding apparatus contains an induction coil that is energised with a radio-frequency electric current .
Hypnotize Minds is an American record label started by DJ Paul and Juicy J of Memphis , Tennessee 's Three 6 Mafia in 1997 .	As a group act , Hypnotize Minds goes by the stage name Hypnotize Camp Posse .
A collection of them was published as `` Starckdeutsch .	Sämtliche Gedichte '' in 1981 .
He is the older brother of Juicy J , the co-founder of Three 6 Mafia .	Currently Houston is a member of a mini-hip hop group The Kaze he joined the group in 1998 the same year that the album entitled `` KamiKaze Timez Up '' was released .
Charles Sprague `` Carl '' Ruggles ( March 11 , 1876 – October 24 , 1971 ) was an American composer .	He wrote finely crafted pieces using `` dissonant counterpoint '' , a term coined by Charles Seeger to describe Ruggles ' music .
In linear algebra , two `` n '' -by- '' n '' matrices and are called similar if	for some invertible `` n '' -by- '' n '' matrix .
An archetypal crunk track frequently uses a main groove consisting of layered keyboard synths , a drum machine rhythm , heavy basslines , and shouting vocals , often in a call and response manner .	The term `` crunk '' is also used as a blanket term to denote any style of Southern hip hop , a side effect of the genre 's breakthrough to the mainstream .
This `` chase '' airplane 's crew would keep a constant lookout for problems with the `` subject '' or test aircraft , and if problems did arise , they would provide warnings and critical information to the test aircraft 's crew , and to the mission controllers on the ground .	They would also monitor the surrounding airspace for other aircraft that could pose a hazard to the flight , either by straying into their flightpath or threatening any kind of secrecy associated with that particular project .
The duo has also been featured on hit singles by several other artists , such as `` Big Pimpin ' '' by Jay-Z and `` Sippin ' on Some Syrup '' by Three 6 Mafia .	Pimp C founded UGK Records in late 2005 .
The Solomon Islands skink ( `` Corucia zebrata '' ) , also known as prehensile-tailed skink , monkey-tailed skink , giant skink , zebra skink , and monkey skink , is an arboreal species of skink endemic to the Solomon Islands archipelago .	It is the largest known extant species of skink .
Cryptoblepharus is a genus of skinks ( family Scincidae ) commonly called snake-eyed skinks or shining-skinks .	They occupy a fairly basal position among the `` Eugongylus '' group .
Lizards in the genus `` Ctenotus '' are commonly called comb-eared skinks , a reference to the scales aligned near the ear .	`` Ctenotus '' lizards are able to move very quickly , disappearing whilst being observed .
Montgomeryshire , also known as `` Maldwyn '' ( meaning `` the Shire of Baldwin 's town '' ) is one of thirteen historic counties and a former administrative county of Wales .	It is named after its county town , Montgomery , which in turn is named after one of William the Conqueror 's main counsellors , Roger de Montgomerie , who was the 1st Earl of Shrewsbury .
He was part of the Luke family , a relative of Washington assistant attorney-general Wing Luke , for whom Seattle 's Wing Luke Asian Museum was named .	He had four siblings who all emigrated from China to California during the Great Depression .
Miriam 's skink ( `` Brachymeles miriamae '' ) is a skink .	It is endemic to Thailand .
It is represented by the Radnorshire area of Powys , which according to the 2011 census , had a population of 25,821 .	The historic county was bounded to the north by Montgomeryshire and Shropshire , to the east by Herefordshire , to the south by Brecknockshire and to the west by Cardiganshire .
These skinks are ecologically diverse omnivores that inhabit a wide range of habitats .	However , in the loose delimitation ( which incorporates about 30 species ) the genus is not monophyletic but an evolutionary grade , as has long been suspected due to its lack of characteristic apomorphies .
These small skinks are commonly known as emoias or skinks .	The following species of `` Emoia '' are recognized as being valid .
The following species are recognized as being valid .	`` Notabene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Eugongylus '' .
The genus is native to Australia .	The genus `` Eulamprus '' belongs to a clade in the `` Sphenomorphus '' group that contains other genera such as `` Ctenotus '' and `` Anomalopus '' .
The genus Eumeces ( family Scincidae ) comprises four African to Middle-Eastern skink species .	Recently two taxonomic revisions have been made regarding the 19th century genus `` Eumeces '' .
The following year , Bauer argued that this assignment had been in error and that this group should be called `` Trachylepis '' instead .	`` Euprepis '' itself is a junior synonym of `` Mabuya '' .
These are usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae , which seems to be paraphyletic however .	`` Feylinia '' belongs to a major clade which does not seem to include the Scincinae type genus `` Scincus '' .
Geomyersia is a small genus of skinks , lizards in the family Scincidae .	The genus is endemic to the Bismarck Archipelago and the Solomon Islands .
Unlike most small skinks , which have smooth scales , this species has rough , ridged and pointed scales .	These keeled scales may be an adaptation to their high-rainfall habitat , to their microhabitat in rotting logs , or to camouflage when moving through forest leaf-litter .
The pink-tongued skink ( `` Cyclodomorphus gerrardii '' ) is a genus of lizard in the family Scincidae .	It is endemic to Australia .
Probably quite close to `` Pamelaescincus gardineri '' , the genus `` Janetaescincus '' belongs to a major clade which does not seem to include the type genus `` Scincus '' .	Thus , `` Janetaescincus '' will probably be eventually assigned to a new , yet-to-be-named subfamily .
The program is available in four different editions for Microsoft Windows and macOS , including Fruity Edition , Producer Edition , Signature Bundle , and All Plugins Bundle .	Image-Line offers lifetime free updates to the program , which means customers receive all future updates of the software for free .
Sorø Art Museum , Vendsyssel Kunstmuseum , Galleri Specta , Johannes Larsen Museet , Overgaden .	Institut for Samtidskunst and other places .
The genus `` Lampropholis '' belongs to a clade with the genera `` Niveoscincus '' , `` Leiolopisma '' and possibly others of the `` Eugongylus '' group .	They are found mainly in Indonesia and Australia .
The Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) is the principal federal law enforcement agency of the Australian Government with the unique role of investigating crime and to protect the national security of the Commonwealth of Australia .	The AFP is an independent agency of the Department of Home Affairs and is responsible to the Minister for Home Affairs and accountable to the Parliament of Australia .
Lankascincus is a genus of skinks , commonly known as Lanka skinks .	The genus is endemic to Sri Lanka .
One living and two extinct taxa represent a clade endemic to the Mascarenes .	( Austin & Arnold 2006 )
Lerista is a diverse ( ~ 90 species ) genus of skinks endemic to Australia , commonly known as sliders .	The genus is especially notable for the variation in the amount of limb reduction .
Lipinia is a genus of skinks , lizards in the family Scincidae .	Species in the genus `` Lipinia '' are commonly called lipinias .
Species of `` Lygisaurus '' are found in Australia and New Guinea .	The following 14 species are recognized as being valid .
Lygosoma is a genus of lizards , commonly known as writhing skinks , which are members of the family Scincidae .	`` Lygosoma '' is the type genus of the subfamily Lygosominae .
The genus is viviparous , having a highly evolved placenta that resembles that of eutherian mammals .	Formerly , many Old World species were placed here , as `` Mabuya '' was a kind of `` wastebasket taxon '' .
None have been observed since the early 20th century .	The specific name , `` coctei '' , is in honor of French physician and zoologist Jean Théodore Cocteau ( 1798-1838 ) .
Melanoseps is a genus of lizards commonly called skinks .	The genus is endemic to Sub-Saharan Africa .
He was appointed secretary to the Portuguese factory in Antwerp in 1523 by King John III of Portugal .	He compiled one of the first accounts on Ethiopian Christianity .
The species were formerly included in the genus `` Eumeces '' .	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Mesoscincus '' .
Skinks of the genus `` Mochlus '' are cylindrical in shape and robust .	They get the common name `` writhing skinks '' from the side-to-side movement that they make when held in the hand .
The term is also used for the pay received for this time .	Normal hours may be determined in several ways :
Abū'l ‘ Abbās ' laqab or caliphal title was `` As-Saffāḥ '' ( السفّاح ) , meaning `` the Blood-Shedder '' for his ruthless tactics and perhaps also to instill fear in his enemies .	As-Saffāḥ , born in Humeima ( modern-day Jordan ) , was head of one branch of the Banu Hāshim from Arabia , a subclan of the Quraysh tribe who traced their lineage to Hāshim , a great-grandfather of Muhammad via 'Abbās , an uncle of Muhammad , hence the title `` Abbasid '' for his descendants ' caliphate .
Amira Hass ( ; born 28 June 1956 ) is an Israeli journalist and author , mostly known for her columns in the daily newspaper `` Haaretz '' .	She is particularly recognized for her reporting on Palestinian affairs in the West Bank and Gaza , where she has also lived for a number of years .
The life of Vernon Little , a normal teenager who lives in Martirio , Texas , falls apart when his best friend , Jesus Navarro , murders their classmates in the schoolyard before killing himself , and Vernon is taken in for questioning .	He cooperates with Deputy Vain Gurie , because he had been running an errand for a teacher , Mr. Nuckles , and is not involved in the massacre .
Before the 1970s , tropical rainforests were generally referred to as jungles but this terminology has fallen out of usage .	Jungles in Western literature can represent a less civilised or unruly space outside the control of civilisation , attributed to the jungle 's association in colonial discourse with places colonised by Europeans .
She is largely responsible for the restoration of the village of Sant Martí Vell in Catalonia , Spain .	Through her foundations , she supports a wide variety of cultural , social , and artistic causes .
U.S. Route 1 parallels the St. Croix river for a few miles , and is accessed from St. Stephen by three cross-border bridges .	The Passamaquoddy people were the first to make their home along the St. Croix River .
Smoke can be detected either optically ( photoelectric ) or by physical process ( ionization ) ; detectors may use either , or both , methods .	Sensitive alarms can be used to detect , and thus deter , smoking in areas where it is banned .
Christopher Moyles ( born 22 February 1974 ) is an English radio and television presenter , author , and presenter of `` The Chris Moyles Show '' on Radio X .	Previously he has presented `` The Chris Moyles Show '' on BBC Radio 1 from 2004 to 2012 and `` Chris Moyles ' Quiz Night '' between 2009 and 2012 on Channel 4 .
She also holds associate appointments in classics , divinity , and political science , is a member of the Committee on Southern Asian Studies , and a board member of the Human Rights Program .	She previously taught at Harvard and Brown .
Ilse Koch ( ; née Margarete Ilse Köhler ; 22 September 1906 – 1 September 1967 , known as the Witch of Buchenwald ) was the wife of Karl-Otto Koch , commandant of the Nazi concentration camps Buchenwald ( 1937–1941 ) and Majdanek ( 1941–1943 ) .	In 1947 , she became one of the first prominent Nazis tried by the U.S. military .
However , only a quarter of these slots is available for freshmen or new dormers each year .	Resident students are provided with individual bed and mattress , cabinet for clothes and shoes , study table with lamp , and book shelves .
These suggestions are all doubtful '' .	He was possibly of Persian origin and was the mowlā of an Arab tribe .
He also became Asian junior champion in the 2007 Asian Junior Badminton Championships .	Chen participated in the Korea Open Super Series in January .
These programs can also be initiated from the command line and/or called by scripts .	4DOS is most often used with the MS-DOS-Windows 95 stream of operating systems and it can be also used with Windows NT type machines , IBM PC DOS and also later DR DOS versions .
Phuong Canh Ngo ( ) ( born 1958 ) is a Vietnamese former businessman and politician who was convicted of ordering the killing of Australian MP John Newman on 5 September 1994 , a crime which has been described as Australia 's first political assassination ( though not its first murder of a parliamentarian : in 1921 another Labor MP in the NSW Legislative Assembly , Percy Brookfield , had been slain in Riverton , north of Adelaide , by a psychotic emigre ) .	Ngo was born in South Vietnam to wealthy parents and following university became a school teacher .
It was originally released for MS-DOS computers in 1994 and Macintosh computers in 1995 .	Unlike `` Doom '' , which was initially only available through shareware and mail order , `` Doom II '' was a commercial release sold in stores .
He succeeded his father , Harun al-Rashid in 809 and ruled until he was deposed and killed in 813 , during the civil war with his brother , al-Ma'mun .	Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari records that Harun al-Rashid several times impressed on his sons they should respect each other and honour the succession as Harun arranged it .
The École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts ( ENSBA ) is a fine arts grand school of PSL Research University in Paris , France .	The École des Beaux-Arts is made up of a complex of buildings located at 14 rue Bonaparte , between the quai Malaquais and the rue Bonaparte .
The population of this ward in 2007 was 19,211 people in 7,626 households , reducing to 6,657 at the 2011 Census .	Ecclesall ward is one of the four wards that make up the South West Community Assembly and one of five wards that make up the Sheffield Hallam Parliamentary constituency .
Barry John ( born 6 January 1945 ) is a former Welsh rugby union fly-half who played , during the amateur era of the sport , in the 1960s , and early 1970s .	John began his rugby career as a schoolboy playing for his local team Cefneithin RFC before switching to first-class west Wales team Llanelli RFC in 1964 .
He was raised in Nkana , Northern Rhodesia ( now Zambia ) where his father worked on the copper mines and was educated at Falcon College in Rhodesia and St Edmund Hall , Oxford , where he rose to the presidency of the Oxford Union .	He was a contemporary of figures including Christopher Hitchens , John Redwood , William Waldegrave , Edwina Currie , Stephen Milligan , John Scarlett , William Blair , Bill Clinton and Gyles Brandreth .
The African musical elements are a hybrid of instruments and styles from numerous West African tribes , while the European slaveholders added their own musics into the mix , as did immigrants from India .	In many ways , the Lesser Antilles can be musically divided based on which nation colonized them .
The message explains that the Silver Horde ( a group of aged barbarians introduced in `` Interesting Times '' , wherein they conquered the Empire , and led by Cohen the Barbarian , now the Emperor ) have set out on a quest .	The first hero of the Discworld , `` Fingers '' Mazda , stole fire from the gods and gave it to mankind ( analogous to Prometheus ) , and was chained to a rock to be torn open daily by a giant eagle as punishment .
The Church of St Benet Paul 's Wharf is a Welsh Anglican church in the City of London .	Since 1556 , it has also been the official church of the College of Arms in which many officers of arms have been buried .
He first gained fame when he came in second place on the second season of the reality singing competition `` American Idol '' in 2003 .	His debut album , `` Measure of a Man '' , released in October 2003 , went multi-platinum .
where	Using dimensional analysis , it can also be further defined as a function of the Reynolds and Schmidt numbers :
On the same night , which later became known as the `` night of the three caliphs '' , his uncle al-Hadi died and was succeeded by Ma'mun 's father , Harun al-Rashid , as ruler of the Abbasid Caliphate .	Marajil died soon after his birth , and Abdallah was raised by Harun al-Rashid 's wife , Zubayda , herself of high Abbasid lineage as the granddaughter of Caliph al-Mansur ( ) .
The first two Formula One Japanese Grands Prix in 1976 and 1977 were held at the Fuji Speedway , before Japan was taken off the calendar .	It returned in 1987 at Suzuka , which hosted the Grand Prix exclusively for 20 years and gained a reputation as one of the most challenging F1 circuits .
The necessary speed required to keep the skier upright varies by the weight of the barefooter and can be approximated by the following formula : ( W / 10 ) + 20 , where W is the skier 's weight in pounds and the result is in miles per hour .	It is an act performed in show skiing , and on its own .
The Laplace number ( La ) , also known as the Suratman number ( Su ) , is a dimensionless number used in the characterization of free surface fluid dynamics .	It represents a ratio of surface tension to the momentum-transport ( especially dissipation ) inside a fluid .
WHEREIN It is examined whether the Object , Principles , and Inferences of the modern Analysis are more distinctly conceived , or more evidently deduced , than Religious Mysteries and Points of Faith '' '' , is a book published by George Berkeley in 1734 .	The `` infidel mathematician '' is believed to have been Edmond Halley , though others have speculated Sir Isaac Newton was intended .
Straw-bale construction is a building method that uses bales of straw ( commonly wheat , rice , rye and oats straw ) as structural elements , building insulation , or both .	This construction method is commonly used in natural building or `` brown '' construction projects .
His scientific career included work in parasitology , field studies of whales in the Canadian Arctic , study of the greenhouse effect , and coordination of a website and a CD-ROM relating to agriculture in Florida .	The tapeworm `` Hymenolepis haldemani '' was named after him .
The film 's plot chronicles a group of nerds at the fictional Adams College trying to stop the ongoing harassment by the jock fraternity , the Alpha Betas , in addition to the latter 's sister sorority , Pi Delta Pi .	Best friends and nerds Lewis Skolnick and Gilbert Lowe enroll in Adams College to study computer science .
It is named after German chemist Gerhard Damköhler .	The Karlovitz number ( Ka ) is related to the Damköhler number by Da = 1/Ka .
`` Socialist Appeal '' describes its politics as descending from Karl Marx , Friedrich Engels , Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky .	In the 1970s and 1980s , the Trotskyist Militant tendency had been a significant force within the British Labour Party .
The UK , the Commonwealth and the United Nations all deemed Rhodesia 's UDI illegal , and economic sanctions , the first in the UN 's history , were imposed on the breakaway colony .	Amid near-complete international isolation , Rhodesia continued as an unrecognised state with the assistance of South Africa and Portugal .
A precursor to Hitchens ' book `` '' ( 1995 ) , the film argues that Mother Teresa urged the poor to accept their circumstances as their destiny and for the poor and sick in particular to submit to the substandard , unsafe , and non-therapeutic medical care provided by her clinics while she endorsed and accepted money from a variety of rich and powerful people who had stunning ethical lapses .	`` Hell 's Angel '' stands as an opposition voice to what its creators perceived as the largely fawning and unquestioning press coverage of Mother Teresa at the time .
Backup was a backup utility made by Apple for Mac OS X .	It was available through Apple 's MobileMe ( formerly .Mac ) collection of Internet services .
Skylab 2 ( also SL-2 and SLM-1 ) was the first manned mission to Skylab , the first U.S. orbital space station .	The mission was launched on a Saturn IB rocket on May 25 , 1973 , and carried a three-person crew to the station .
A national competition was organised by the government to find an appropriate set of lyrics to match the chosen tune , and won by Mary Bloom of Gwelo .	In the fallout from Rhodesia 's Unilateral Declaration of Independence from the UK on 11 November 1965 , the country still claimed loyalty to Queen Elizabeth II as its professed head of state , and so retained `` God Save the Queen '' as its national anthem .
El Tajín is a pre-Columbian archeological site in southern Mexico and is one of the largest and most important cities of the Classic era of Mesoamerica .	A part of the Classic Veracruz culture , El Tajín flourished from 600 to 1200 CE and during this time numerous temples , palaces , ballcourts , and pyramids were built .
Naolinco is a city in Veracruz , Mexico .	It is named after Guadalupe Victoria , also known as Naolinco de Victoria .
On 19 November 2017 , ZANU-PF sacked Robert Mugabe as party leader , who resigned two days later , and appointed former Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa in his place .	ZANU was founded by Ndabaningi Sithole , Henry Hamadziripi , Mukudzei Midzi , Herbert Chitepo , Edgar Tekere , and Leopold Takawira at the house of former Defence Minister Enos Nkala in Highfield in August 1963 .
CAcert has over 334,000 verified users and has issued over 1,285,000 certificates .	These certificates can be used to digitally sign and encrypt email , authenticate and authorize users connecting to websites and secure data transmission over the Internet .
The internationally distributed whisky brand Johnnie Walker originated in the town in the 19th century and until 2012 was still bottled , packaged and distilled in the town at the Johnnie Walker Hill Street plant .	Protest and backing from the Scottish Government took place in 2009 , after Diageo , the owner of Johnnie Walker announced plans to close the bottling plant in the town after 289 years .
Christensen was noted for building software tools for his needs .	He wrote a cassette-based operating system before floppies and hard disks were common .
The band said many lyrics were fashioned after those of Venom and Celtic Frost ( note the similarity of the album title to `` Morbid Tales '' ) .	The production of the album is rather poor .
All songs were recorded during August 1987 , except for the bonus track `` Troops of Doom '' which was recorded during August 26–27 , 1990 .	In America the band sent radio playlists at the time when they were struggling to book gigs because club owners were afraid to book them due to their style .
It is a prestigious residential community located on the north shore of Lac Saint-Louis , bordered on the west by Baie-D'Urfé , north by Kirkland and east by Pointe-Claire .	Beaconsfield , in its current form , was developed as a cottage community by affluent Montreal residents .
Arise is a Swedish death metal/thrash metal-band from Alingsås .	Their name is taken from the Sepultura album of the same name .
It had a population of 71,465 people in the 2011 Census .	Formerly a borough , Lisburn was granted city status in 2002 as part of Queen Elizabeth II 's Golden jubilee celebrations .
Kirkcaldy ( ; ) is a town and former royal burgh in Fife , on the east coast of Scotland .	It is about north of Edinburgh and south-southwest of Dundee .
The town sits on the River Bann in the north of the county , about 24 miles ( 39 km ) southwest of Belfast .	It is in the Armagh , Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council area and had a population of about 22,000 at the 2011 Census .
Craigavon ( ) is a planned settlement in northern County Armagh , Northern Ireland .	Its construction began in 1965 and it was named after The 1st Viscount Craigavon , the first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland .
Like `` Roots '' that preceded it , the album has a variety of guest musicians and incorporates tribal influences – Japanese percussion elements are added with the assistance of Japanese taiko group Kodo .	The songs `` Against '' , `` Choke '' and `` Tribus '' were released as singles , with a music video accompanying `` Choke '' .
The Saxon Thegn Edwin held the lordship of the area prior to the Norman conquest .	For over 500 years the land , part of the ancient manor of Kensington , was under the lordship of the Vere family , the Earls of Oxford and descendants of Aubrey de Vere I , who held the manor of Geoffrey de Montbray , bishop of Coutances , in the Domesday Book in 1086 .
Nation is the eighth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura , released in 2001 through Roadrunner Records .	`` Nation '' features guest appearances from artists such as Hatebreed singer Jamey Jasta , Dead Kennedys singer Jello Biafra , Ill Niño singer Cristian Machado , Ratos de Porão frontman João Gordo and Apocalyptica .
In category theory , a quiver can be understood to be the underlying structure of a category , but without composition or a designation of identity morphisms .	That is , there is a forgetful functor from Cat to Quiv .
It was opened as The Shires in 1991 to supplement the ageing and run-down Haymarket Shopping Centre , also since re-developed .	It was built on a central location within the city centre on Eastgates and High Street .
Röyksopp ( ) are a Norwegian electronic music duo from Tromsø , formed in 1998 .	The duo consists of Svein Berge and Torbjørn Brundtland .
Both CDs have the message `` In Loving Memory Dana '' printed across them .	The album has been certified gold by the RIAA .
The first track of `` Primitive '' is `` Back to the Primitive , '' which plays berimbau to begin the song and the album .	`` Back to the Primitive '' is one of three singles released from the album , others were `` Son Song '' and `` Jumpdafuckup . ''
William Tierney Clark FRS FRAS ( 23 August 1783 – 22 September 1852 ) was an English civil engineer particularly associated with the design and construction of bridges .	He was among the earliest designers of suspension bridges .
`` 3 '' has sold 195,000 copies as of March 11 , 2008 .	The album artwork features an Om ( ॐ ) , a spiritual icon in Indian religions .
Its boundaries vary with context .	The area is a major tourist destination and economic hub , includes part of the M4 corridor , and is sometimes referred to as England 's Silicon Valley due to the concentration of high-technology companies .
The meaning of the word `` K'iche < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > '' is `` many trees . ''	The Nahuatl translation , `` Cuauhtēmallān '' `` Place of the Many Trees ( People ) '' , is the origin of the word Guatemala .
Hobbing is a machining process for gear cutting , cutting splines , and cutting sprockets on a hobbing machine , which is a special type of milling machine .	The teeth or splines are progressively cut into the workpiece by a series of cuts made by a cutting tool called a hob .
In 1992 , it was named Coke II .	By 1985 , Coca-Cola had been losing market share to diet soft drinks and non-cola beverages for many years .
Tecun Uman ( 1500 ?	– February 20 , 1524 ) was one of the last rulers of the K'iche ' Maya people , in the Highlands of what is now Guatemala .
With a population of approximately 37.9 million inhabitants near the end of its existence , it was the most populous state of the Eastern Bloc after the Soviet Union .	Having a unitary Marxist–Leninist communist government , it was also one of the main signatories of the Warsaw Pact .
Q'umarkaj is also known as Utatlán , the Nahuatl translation of the city 's name .	The name comes from K'iche ' `` Q'umarkah '' `` Place of old reeds '' .
The capital is Santa Cruz del Quiché .	Quiché has historically been one of the most populous departments of Guatemala .
Since 1975 the former city of Herbede is a part of the city of Witten ( North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany ) .	As one of the eight boroughs of Witten , it is now called Witten-Herbede .
For example , if formula_1 and formula_2 are a pair of adjoint functors , with formula_1 left adjoint to formula_2 , then the composition formula_5 is a monad .	If formula_1 and formula_2 are inverse functors , the corresponding monad is the identity functor .
Educated in public schools he began his career in 1895 as an office boy at the Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company in Springfield .	On February 27 , 1908 he married Margaret Helena Healy .
The canton mainly comprises the Neretva river valley area and parts of Herzegovina west of Mostar , its administrative center .	The canton is split into the municipalities of Čapljina , Čitluk , Jablanica , Konjic , Mostar , Neum , Prozor-Rama , Ravno and Stolac .
In electrostatics , the coefficients of potential determine the relationship between the charge and electrostatic potential ( electrical potential ) , which is purely geometric :	where `` Q '' is the surface charge on conductor `` i '' .
Polar orbits are often used for earth-mapping , earth observation , capturing the earth as time passes from one point , reconnaissance satellites , as well as for some weather satellites .	The Iridium satellite constellation also uses a polar orbit to provide telecommunications services .
Victoria was first settled as a pioneer camp in the 18th century .	In the 1950s , when coal mines began to appear in Southern Indiana , woodlands in that part of the county were replaced by vast strip mines .
The Earls Castle Stewart claim to be the head representatives in the pure male line of the Scottish Royal House of Stuart .	They are directly descended from Sir Walter Stewart ( died 1425 ) , Keeper of Dumbarton Castle , younger son of Murdoch Stewart , 2nd Duke of Albany , son of Robert Stewart , 1st Duke of Albany , younger son of King Robert II of Scotland .
The town is part of the municipality of Čitluk .	Since 1981 , it has become a popular site of Catholic pilgrimage due to Our Lady of Medjugorje , an alleged series of apparitions of the Virgin Mary to six local children ; church authorities , however , have not approved the apparitions for public veneration .
The book describes a history of life in the universe , dwarfing in scale Stapledon 's previous book , `` Last and First Men '' ( 1930 ) , a history of the human species over two billion years .	`` Star Maker '' tackles philosophical themes such as the essence of life , of birth , decay and death , and the relationship between creation and creator .
The Amharas claim to originate from Solomon and primarily adhere to the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church .	They speak Amharic , an Afro-Asiatic language of the Semitic branch , a member of the Ethiosemitic group , which serves as the official language of Ethiopia .
Flossenbürg concentration camp ( ) was a Nazi concentration camp built in May 1938 by the SS Main Economic and Administrative Office at Flossenbürg , in the Upper Palatinate region of Bavaria , Germany , near the border with Czechoslovakia .	Until its liberation in April 1945 , 89,964 prisoners passed through the camp , around 30,000 of whom died there .
Born in North Carolina , Appling briefly attended Oglethorpe College .	He was signed by the minor league Atlanta Crackers in 1930 and debuted with the Chicago White Sox later that year .
and holders of foundation degrees or undergraduate diplomas wear a black stuff or silk gown of the Oxford BA shape , but with the forearm seam divided for 4 '' and the two flaps turned back and held in place with two buttons ; between the flaps is a short length of black ribbon , held by a third button .	This is said to represent the Prince of Wales 's feathers .
The bentside spinet shares most of its characteristics with the full-size instrument , including action , soundboard , and case construction .	What primarily distinguishes the spinet is the angle of its strings : whereas in a full-size harpsichord , the strings are at a 90-degree angle to the keyboard ( that is , they are parallel to the player 's gaze ) ; and in a virginals they are parallel to the keyboard , in a spinet the strings are at an angle of about 30 degrees to the keyboard , going toward the right .
The main reason that the `` Somnium Scipionis '' survived was because in the fifth-century , the Latin writer Macrobius wrote a Neoplatonic commentary on the work , in which he excerpted large portions from Cicero .	Additionally , many copies of Macrobius 's work were amended with a copy of the `` Somnium Scipionis '' at their end .
It was first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris on 6 December 1846 .	The French composer was inspired by a translation of Goethe 's dramatic poem `` Faust '' and produced a musical work that , like the masterpiece on which it is based , defies easy categorisation .
It was first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris on 19 January 1884 , with sets designed by Eugène Carpezat ( Act I ) , Auguste-Alfred Rubé and Philippe Chaperon ( Acts II and III ) , and Jean-Baptiste Lavastre ( Act IV ) .	Prior to Massenet 's work , Halévy ( `` Manon Lescaut '' , ballet , 1830 ) and Auber ( `` Manon Lescaut '' , opéra comique , 1856 ) had used the subject for musical stage works .
The coup was led by four Iraqi nationalist army generals , known as `` the Golden Square '' , who intended to use the war to press for full Iraqi independence following the limited independence granted in 1932 .	To that end , they worked with German intelligence and accepted military assistance from Germany and Italy .
Massenet started composing `` Werther '' in 1885 , completing it in 1887 .	He submitted it to Léon Carvalho , the director of the Paris Opéra-Comique , that year , but Carvalho declined to accept it on the grounds that the scenario was too serious .
Thaïs ( ) is an opera , a `` comédie lyrique '' in three acts and seven tableaux , by Jules Massenet to a French libretto by Louis Gallet , based on the novel `` Thaïs '' by Anatole France .	It was first performed at the Opéra Garnier in Paris on 16 March 1894 , starring the American soprano Sibyl Sanderson , for whom Massenet had written the title role .
James Anthony Pecchia was born in Western Hospital Toronto , August 8 1955 Ontario.Parents Corinna Madott and Aurelio Pecchia .	He grew up in Etobicoke ( Renforth Dr ) and went to school at Sir Adam Beck , Eatonville , Bloordale , Silverthorne and Burnhamthorpe Collegiate .
Place names in Zimbabwe , including the name of the country itself , have been altered at various points in history .	The name Zimbabwe was officially adopted concurrently with Britain 's grant of independence in April 1980 .
Its mission is `` to help girls and young women realize the ideals of womanhood and prepare themselves for their responsibilities in the home , to the nation , and to the world community '' .	The girls-only association serves 800,000 members , as of 2017 .
He also composed oratorios , ballets , orchestral works , incidental music , piano pieces , songs and other music .	While still a schoolboy , Massenet was admitted to France 's principal music college , the Paris Conservatoire .
This figure is disputed with the national government saying Bulawayo and the Matabeleland region is declining in population when the rest of the country is growing rapidly .	Authorities in Matabeleland say these are deliberate moves by officials in the capital to deprive the region when it comes to resource allocation .
In contrast to cognitive architectures , cognitive models tend to be focused on a single cognitive phenomenon or process ( e.g .	list learning ) , how two or more processes interact ( e.g .
The Maya Hero Twins are the central figures of a narrative included within the colonial K'iche ' document called Popol Vuh , and constituting the oldest Maya myth to have been preserved in its entirety .	Called Hunahpu and Xbalanque in the K ’ iche ’ language , the Twins have also been identified in the art of the Classic Mayas ( 200–900 AD ) .
The simple structure allows more verses to be added ad lib .	The song has been performed and recorded by many artists including Joan Baez , Regina Spektor , Nina Simone , The Weavers and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir .
The site was founded by Chris Nelson on September 1 , 1998 , just a few months after mozilla.org , which was created on February 23 , 1998 , and quickly grew in popularity .	Improvements were added to the site and it soon moved to the codice_1 domain .
Along with the Ixilan languages , Awakatek and Ixil , these make up the Greater Mamean sub-branch , one of the two branches of the Eastern Mayan languages ( the other being the Greater Quichean sub-branch , which consists of 10 Mayan languages , including K'iche ' ) .	Because contact between members of different Mam communities is somewhat limited , the language varies considerably even from village to village .
The overarching term `` Maya '' is a collective designation to include the peoples of the region that share some degree of cultural and linguistic heritage ; however , the term embraces many distinct populations , societies , and ethnic groups that each have their own particular traditions , cultures , and historical identity .	There were an estimated six million Maya living in this area at the start of the 21st century .
Both were based on usage in the Holy Roman Empire .	The monarch held the rank ex officio , other officers were promoted as required .
The red-naped sapsucker is one of four North American woodpeckers in the genus `` Sphyrapicus '' .	It has no subspecies .
Born on 31 March 1360 , Philippa was the oldest child of John of Gaunt , 1st Duke of Lancaster and Blanche of Lancaster .	Philippa spent her infancy moving around the various properties owned by her family with her mother and her wet-nurse , Maud .
He coined the terms `` Palaeolithic '' and `` Neolithic '' to denote the Old and New Stone Ages , respectively .	He helped establish archaeology as a scientific discipline , and was also influential in nineteenth-century debates concerning evolutionary theory .
Mt .	Assiniboine rises nearly above Lake Magog .
He was born in Westminster , the son of Sir John William Lubbock , of the Lubbock & Co bank .	He was educated at Eton and then Trinity College , Cambridge , graduating in 1825 .
Centrul Civic ( , `` the Civic Center '' ) is a district in central Bucharest , Romania , which was completely rebuilt in the 1980s as part of the scheme of systematization under the dictator Nicolae Ceauşescu .	Bucharest suffered significant damage due to Allied bombing during World War II and the devastating earthquake of March 4 , 1977 .
This town is the destination of most long-distance transportation heading to Dali and is sometimes referred to as Dali New Town ( ) to avoid confusion .	Dali Town ( ) is another division of Dali City , located to the north of Xiaguan .
Its chief function is to provide a large supporting surface , tending to be wider than the capital , as an abutment to receive the weight of the arch or the architrave above .	The diminutive of abacus , abaculus , is used to describe small mosaic tiles , also called abaciscus or tessera , used to create ornamental floors with detailed patterns of chequers or squares in a tessellated pavement .
Readability is the ease with which a reader can understand a written text .	In natural language , the readability of text depends on its content ( the complexity of its vocabulary and syntax ) and its presentation ( such as typographic aspects like font size , line height , and line length ) .
Tiocfaidh ár lá ( ) is an Irish language phrase which translates as `` our day will come '' , referring to a potential future united Ireland .	The literal English phrase `` our day will come '' has been used in various contexts .
Ibadan ( ) is the capital and most populous city of Oyo State , Nigeria .	With a population of over 3 million , it is the third most populous city in Nigeria after Lagos and Kano ; it is the country 's largest city by geographical area after Gusau .
Five Iron Frenzy ( informally referred to as Five Iron or FIF ) is a Christian ska punk band formed in Denver , Colorado in 1995 .	Five Iron Frenzy first gained notoriety spearheading the Christian ska movement during the genre 's mainstream revival in the mid-1990s .
The International Institute of Tropical Agriculture ( IITA ) works with partners to enhance crop quality and productivity , reduce producer and consumer risks , and generate wealth from agriculture , with the ultimate goals of reducing hunger , malnutrition , and poverty .	IITA 's research-for-development ( R4D ) focuses on addressing the development needs of tropical countries .
A popular regional fast food , it has its roots in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .	The cheesesteak was developed in the early 20th century `` by combining frizzled beef , onions , and cheese in a small loaf of bread '' , according to a 1987 exhibition catalog published by the Library Company of Philadelphia and the Historical Society of Pennsylvania .
Windsor is a historic market town and unparished area in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire , England .	It is widely known as the site of Windsor Castle , one of the official residences of the British Royal Family .
It was the first of Berlioz 's operas , premiered at the Académie Royale de Musique ( Salle Le Peletier ) on 10 September 1838 .	The story is inspired by the memoirs of the Florentine sculptor Benvenuto Cellini , although the elements of the plot are largely fictional .
Legoland ( trademark in uppercase as LEGOLAND ) is a chain of family theme parks , which has its main focus on the toy Lego .	They are not fully owned by The Lego Group itself ; rather they are owned and operated by the British theme park company Merlin Entertainments .
It is listed on both the Euronext London and Euronext Paris markets , and was listed on the London Stock Exchange until 19 July 2012 .	The company is based in Paris .
It was his fifth opera for the French stage .	The libretto was written by Nicolas-François Guillard .
Old World diseases brought by the Spanish settlers appear to have resulted in very high fatalities , disrupting the society and eventually causing the city to be abandoned .	One of the best-preserved coastal Maya sites , Tulum is today a popular site for tourists .
Caerphilly Castle ( ) is a medieval fortification in Caerphilly in South Wales .	The castle was constructed by Gilbert de Clare in the 13th century as part of his campaign to conquer Glamorgan , and saw extensive fighting between Gilbert , his descendants , and the native Welsh rulers .
For example , in the domain of work , some general skills would include time management , teamwork and leadership , self-motivation and others , whereas domain-specific skills would be used only for a certain job .	Skill usually requires certain environmental stimuli and situations to assess the level of skill being shown and used .
The opera was Rossini 's last , although he lived for nearly 40 more years .	Fabio Luisi said that Rossini planned for `` William Tell '' to be his last opera even as he composed it .
The forms used in the table are given first , followed by alternative acceptable abbreviations in parentheses .	A formal announcement in `` The London Gazette '' reads : This refers to any children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge .
The Royal Air Force had an air base there during the Second World War and also from 1972 until 1998 , when it was a NATO forward operating base .	During the Cold War , from 1960 to 1983 , the airfield was the home of 112 Signals Unit Stornoway ( RAF ) .
Russian proverbs originated in oral history and written texts dating as far back as the 12th century .	The Russian language is replete with many hundreds of proverbs ( пословица ) and sayings ( поговорка ) .
The reading of the proclamation by Patrick Pearse outside the General Post Office ( GPO ) on Sackville Street ( now called O'Connell Street ) , Dublin 's main thoroughfare , marked the beginning of the Rising .	The proclamation was modelled on a similar independence proclamation issued during the 1803 rebellion by Robert Emmet .
Starman is a name used by several different DC Comics superheroes , most prominently Ted Knight and his sons David and Jack .	Created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Jack Burnley , the original Starman , Ted Knight , first appeared in `` Adventure Comics '' # 61 ( April 1941 ) .
Research interest grew with work in 1987 by Eli Yablonovitch and Sajeev John on periodic optical structures with more than one dimension—now called photonic crystals .	Photonic crystals can be fabricated for one , two , or three dimensions .
Born to the politically prominent Koirala family , she is the daughter of Prakash Koirala and granddaughter of Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala , the 22nd Prime Minister of Nepal .	She is the recipient of several accolades , including three Filmfare Awards , a Filmfare Award South and a Screen Award .
It is followed there by `` pro patria mori '' , which means `` to die for one 's country '' .	One of Owen 's most renowned works , the poem is known for its horrific imagery and condemnation of war .
It later became the Patriarchate of Antioch as one of the five major patriarchates – that is the Pentarchy – of the state church of the Roman Empire .	According to , the Christian community at Antioch began when Christians who were scattered from Jerusalem because of persecution fled to Antioch .
The books have sold more than six million copies ; many have made `` The New York Times '' Best Seller list .	The series is narrated in the first person by Anita Blake , who works in St. Louis , Missouri , as a professional zombie raiser , vampire executioner and supernatural consultant for the police .
The series takes place in a parallel world in which supernatural characters like vampires and werewolves exist alongside regular humans , with Blake 's jobs including the re-animation of the dead as well as the hunting and executing of supernatural creatures ( mostly vampires ) that have broken the law .	Hamilton stated that she created the character after perceiving a gender inequality in detective fiction , with female characters rarely getting the same treatment as male heroes of the genre .
In 2001 it had a population of around 40,000 .	Ramsgate ’ s main attraction is its coastline , and its main industries are tourism and fishing .
The area lies on a raised plateau to the south of the Cathkin Braes , about southeast of Glasgow and close to the boundary with East Renfrewshire .	The town is enclosed by the White Cart Water to the west and the Rotten Calder Water to the east , the latter flowing northwards adjacent to Blantyre , before joining the River Clyde opposite Daldowie near Cambuslang .
Historically , it was a large civil parish incorporating the nearby hamlets of Newton , Flemington and Halfway .	The town is located just south of the River Clyde and about south-east of the centre of Glasgow .
Its main task is to provide credible statistical figures at the national and international levels .	It is a state institution that provides service to the governmental , non – governmental and private sectors in addition to research institutions and universities .
It was started in the early 1990s by the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) for their GNU operating system .	Released under the GNU Lesser General Public License , glibc is free software .
In 2005 he was convicted in the United Kingdom where he was living , for conspiring to take hostages and conspiring to torture during the 1990s in Afghanistan .	Born circa 1963 , Faryadi Sarwar Zardad is Pashtun and a former Mujahideen leader who fought during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan .
The character has romantic involvements with two of the other principal characters , Joanna Sparks ( played by Suzanna Hamilton ) , and later Dr. Angela Moloney ( played by Zara Turner ) .	The last episode did not include McCallum and Angela as the story stated that they had taken jobs in America .
An ordered list of parameters is usually included in the definition of a subroutine , so that , each time the subroutine is called , its arguments for that call are evaluated , and the resulting values can be assigned to the corresponding parameters .	Unlike `` argument '' in usual mathematical usage , the `` argument '' in computer science is thus the actual input expression passed/supplied to a function , procedure , or routine in the invocation/call statement , whereas the `` parameter '' is the variable inside the implementation of the subroutine .
In the late 1820s , Waiblinger left Tübingen for Italy , dying at the age of 25 in Rome , where he is buried in the Protestant Cemetery .	In his short story `` '' Im Presselschen Gartenhaus '' '' ( `` In Pressel ’ s Garden-house '' , 1913 ) , Hermann Hesse gives a touching picture of a visit to Hölderlin by Waiblinger and the poet Eduard Mörike , both young theology students in Tübingen , like Hölderlin himself decades before .
Mörike was born in Ludwigsburg .	His father was Karl Friedrich Mörike ( died 1817 ) , a district medical councilor ; his mother was Charlotte Bayer .
The C standard library or libc is the standard library for the C programming language , as specified in the ANSI C standard .	It was developed at the same time as the C library POSIX specification , which is a superset of it .
It is a concept album based on singer Jon Anderson 's interpretation of a footnote in `` Autobiography of a Yogi '' ( 1946 ) by Paramahansa Yogananda that describes four bodies of Hindu texts , collectively named the shastras .	After he pitched the idea to guitarist Steve Howe , the two wrote the themes and instrumentation of four side-long tracks based on each text .
Samuel Eliot Morison ( July 9 , 1887 – May 15 , 1976 ) was an American historian noted for his works of maritime history and American history that were both authoritative and popular .	He received his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1912 , and taught history at the university for 40 years .
Antonio Machado , in full Antonio Cipriano José María y Francisco de Santa Ana Machado y Ruiz ( 26 July 1875 – 22 February 1939 ) , was a Spanish poet and one of the leading figures of the Spanish literary movement known as the Generation of '98 .	His work , initially modernist , evolved towards an intimate form of symbolism with romantic traits , which itself matured towards a style characterised by both an engagement with humanity on one side and an almost Taoist contemplation of existence on the other , a synthesis that according to Machado echoed the most ancient popular wisdom .
The original members formed as OK Go in 1998 and released two studio albums before Duncan 's departure .	The band 's video for `` Here It Goes Again '' won a Grammy Award for Best Music Video in 2007 .
Binyamin `` Beny '' Alagem ( ) ( born 1953 in Israel ) is an Israeli American entrepreneur , business executive , hotelier and philanthropist .	He is the founder and former Chief Executive of Packard Bell Computers .
`` In God is our trust . ''	appears in the final 3 lines of the fourth verse of Frances Scott Key 's `` Star Spangled Banner '' 1814 : < br >
Hydrazones are a class of organic compounds with the structure = .	They are related to ketones and aldehydes by the replacement of the oxygen with the functional group .
, it was the third most popular music subscription service in the US .	iMesh operated the first `` RIAA-approved '' P2P service , allowing users residing in the United States and Canada to download music content of choice for a monthly fee in the form of either a Premium subscription or a `` ToGo '' subscription .
Jane Elizabeth Lathrop Stanford ( August 25 , 1828 – February 28 , 1905 ) was a co-founder of Stanford University in 1885 ( opened 1891 ) along with her husband , Leland Stanford , as a memorial to their only child , Leland Stanford Jr. , who died in 1884 at the age of 15 .	After her husband 's death in 1893 , she funded and operated the university almost single-handedly until her mysterious death in 1905 .
As a result of the popularity of poker , casinos created a house-banked game in order to entice poker fans to play more table games .	The birth of the game is not well referenced , which is unusual for a relatively new game .
The term chromic acid is usually used for a mixture made by adding concentrated sulfuric acid to a dichromate , which may contain a variety of compounds , including solid chromium trioxide .	This kind of chromic acid may be used as a cleaning mixture for glass .
One of Jiménez 's most important contributions to modern poetry was his advocacy of the French concept of `` pure poetry . ''	Juan Ramón Jiménez was born in Moguer , near Huelva , in Andalucia , on 23 December 1881 .
The Ballad of Halo Jones is a science fiction comic strip written by Alan Moore and drawn by Ian Gibson , with lettering by Steve Potter ( Books 1 & 2 ) and Richard Starkings ( Book 3 ) .	`` Halo Jones '' first appeared July 1984 in five-page instalments in the pages of the weekly British comic `` 2000 AD '' and is regarded as one of the high points of `` 2000 AD '' .
Signs and symptoms include abdominal pain , vomiting , bloating and not passing gas .	Mechanical obstruction is the cause of about 5 to 15 % of cases of severe abdominal pain of sudden onset requiring admission to hospital .
He was known for his shot-making artistry and volleying skills , as well as his confrontational on-court behavior that frequently landed him in trouble with umpires and tennis authorities .	McEnroe attained the No .
He was the eldest son of Helibo and the elder brother of Aguda ( Emperor Taizu ) , the founder and first emperor of the Jin dynasty .	He was posthumously honoured with the temple name Kangzong .
It is used off-label outside its FDA approval for Behçet 's disease and other conditions .	Infliximab is administered by intravenous infusion , typically at six- to eight-week intervals .
He is the second of four children born to former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and Mila Pivnicki Mulroney , who is of Serbian descent .	Mulroney is one of several children of former Prime Ministers who became Canadian media personalities between 1998 and 2001 .
Weston 's book is an examination of the roots of the King Arthur legends and seeks to make connections between the early pagan elements and the later Christian influences .	The book 's main focus is on the Holy Grail tradition and its influence , particularly the Wasteland motif .
Colonoscopy ( ) or coloscopy ( ) is the endoscopic examination of the large bowel and the distal part of the small bowel with a CCD camera or a fiber optic camera on a flexible tube passed through the anus .	It can provide a visual diagnosis ( e.g. , ulceration , polyps ) and grants the opportunity for biopsy or removal of suspected colorectal cancer lesions .
It expressed its self-confidence in new technologies , such as the wire cables of the Brooklyn Bridge in New York City .	It found its cultural outlets in both Prairie School houses and in Beaux-Arts architecture and sculpture , in the `` City Beautiful '' movement , and the creation of the American empire .
At this point in her life , she developed a passion for literature coupled with insecurities .	As a teenager she returned to New York , where she gravitated to the intellectual bohemia of Greenwich Village .
Jon Dore was the `` roving reporter '' for the first three seasons ( appearing in comedy skits throughout the show ) .	Elena Juatco ( a season 2 contestant ) assumed the role for season four , Dave Kerr had the role in season five and Jully Black in season six .
He evolved from being an associate of Leon Trotsky to a social democrat and mentor of senior assistants to AFL-CIO President George Meany .	Shachtman was born to a Jewish family in Warsaw , Poland , which was then part of the Russian Empire .
Cement mortar becomes hard when it cures , resulting in a rigid aggregate structure ; however the mortar is intended to be weaker than the building blocks and the sacrificial element in the masonry , because the mortar is easier and less expensive to repair than the building blocks .	Mortars are typically made from a mixture of sand , a binder , and water .
Mortars are typically used as indirect fire weapons for close fire support with a variety of ammunition .	Mortars have been used for hundreds of years , originally in siege warfare .
Lekë Dukagjini 's place of birth is a village called Velekenca , Gjilan , Kosovo .	Until 1444 he was pronoier of Koja Zaharia .
They were originally thought to feed by suction – hence their name .	In fact , they use specialized microtubules to ensnare and manipulate their prey .
< onlyinclude > Institute Professor is the highest title that can be awarded to a faculty member at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , a research university located in Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States .	It is analogous to the titles of distinguished professor , university professor , or regents professor used at other universities in recognition of a professor 's extraordinary research achievements and dedication to the school .
It is the follow-up to 1989 's highly successful `` The Real Thing '' , and was the band 's final album to feature guitarist Jim Martin .	It was also the first album where vocalist Mike Patton had any substantial influence on the band 's music , having been hired after the other band members had written and recorded everything for `` The Real Thing '' except vocals and some lyrics .
The Kanun is a set of traditional Albanian laws .	The Kanun was primarily oral and only in the 20th century was it published in writing .
In early 1980s , while a professor at Berkeley , Singer co-founded the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute ( MSRI ) with Shiing-Shen Chern and Calvin Moore .	Singer was born in Detroit , Michigan , and received his undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan in 1944 .
Most scientific and scholarly journals , and many academic and scholarly books , though not all , are based on some form of peer review or editorial refereeing to qualify texts for publication .	Peer review quality and selectivity standards vary greatly from journal to journal , publisher to publisher , and field to field .
Rock 'n ' Roll is the fifth studio album by John Lennon .	Released in 1975 , it is an album of late 1950s and early 1960s songs as covered by Lennon .
An academic or scholarly journal is a periodical publication in which scholarship relating to a particular academic discipline is published .	Academic journals serve as permanent and transparent forums for the presentation , scrutiny , and discussion of research .
For `` All the Pretty Horses '' ( 1992 ) , he won both the National Book Award and National Book Critics Circle Award .	His 2005 novel `` No Country for Old Men '' was adapted as a 2007 film of the same name , which won four Academy Awards , including Best Picture .
Huelva is home to Recreativo de Huelva , the oldest football club in Spain .	A maritime town between the rivers Anas , ( modern Guadiana ) and Baetis ( modern Guadalquivir ) , it was situated on the estuary of the River Luxia ( modern Odiel ) , and on the road from the mouth of the Anas to Augusta Emerita ( modern Mérida ) .
Forces of the VRS perpetrated the Srebrenica massacre in 1995 .	The Army of the Republika Srpska ( VRS ) was founded on 12 May 1992 from the remnants of the Yugoslav People 's Army ( JNA ) of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from which Bosnia and Herzegovina had seceded the same year .
A poor fishing village before the growth in tourism began in the late 1950s , Torremolinos was the first of the Costa del Sol resorts to be developed and is still the most popular in the region .	On the western shore of the Bay of Málaga and in front of the Sierra de Mijas 13 km from Málaga , it is served by the A-7 motorway , which bypasses the city to the north , the Renfe commuter train and Avanzabus .
The Costa del Sol is situated between two lesser known coastal regions , the Costa de la Luz and the Costa Tropical .	Formerly made up only of a series of small fishing settlements , today the region is a world-renowned tourist destination .
The National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( NCCPC ; ; literally : Chinese Communist Party National Representatives Congress ) is a party congress that is held every five years .	The National Congress is theoretically the highest body within the Communist Party of China .
He suffered from heart disease for a long portion of his life , but after several operations , he managed to recover .	Since 1998 , Ramones is romantically involved with Gaby Valencia .
He was a leading theoretician and tactician of nonviolence within the Civil Rights Movement .	During the 1960s , he served as a mentor to the Nashville Student Movement and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee .
The short-eared owl ( `` Asio flammeus '' ) is a species of typical owl ( family Strigidae ) .	Owls belonging to genus `` Asio '' are known as the eared owls , as they have tufts of feathers resembling mammalian ears .
Much of the humor comes from the fish out of water interaction between the brash Italian-American New Yorkers , Vinny and his fiancée Mona Lisa , and the more reserved Southern townspeople .	A critical and financial success , Pesci , Gwynne , and Tomei all received praise for their performances , and Tomei won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
The History of United States Naval Operations in World War II is a 15-volume account of the United States Navy in World War II , written by Samuel Eliot Morison and published by Little , Brown and Company between 1947 and 1962 .	Immediately after the attack on Pearl Harbor , Morison , already convinced of the value of personal involvement as a result of sailing experience while writing his biography of Christopher Columbus , wrote to President Roosevelt suggesting the preparation of an official history of the Navy in the war , and volunteering for the task .
This species is a part of the larger grouping of owls known as typical owls , family Strigidae , which contains most species of owl .	The other grouping of owls are the barn owls , family Tytonidae .
Fabiana Gisela Vallejos ( born July 30 , 1985 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Atlético Huila as a midfielder .	Vallejos became a member of the Argentine national team during a historic period for the team : She helped the team qualify for the 2003 FIFA Women 's World Cup in the United States .
The common parts of the house are maintained , and some services , such as laundry and cleaning , may be supplied .	They normally provide `` room and board , '' that is , at least some meals as well as accommodation .
The greater part of the house was demolished in 1956 .	The first house at Bowood was built circa 1725 on the site of a hunting lodge , by the former tenant Sir Orlando Bridgeman , 2nd Baronet , who had purchased the property from the Crown .
Logical topologies describe how signals act on the network .	In contrast , a physical topology defines how nodes in a network are physically linked and includes aspects such as geographic location of nodes and physical distances between nodes .
It should not be confused with	hash oil , a tetrahydrocannabinol-containing oil made from the `` Cannabis '' flower , hailed by some for its medicinal qualities .
Leyva was the captain of FC Indiana in the W-League .	In 2010 , she signed for Russian champion Zvezda Perm , where she reunited her former coach Shek Borkowski .
In the `` hadith '' , they were described simply as converts to Islam .	Interest in the identity and history of the group increased over time .
The number was then increased to five , and later reduced to four .	The `` Rōjū '' were appointed from the ranks of the `` fudai daimyōs '' with domains of between 25,000 and 50,000 `` koku '' .
It is the largest in terms of votes ( 32.1 % at the 2002 professional election , 34.0 % in the 2008 election ) , and second largest in terms of membership numbers .	Its membership decreased to 650,000 members in 1995–96 ( it had more than doubled when François Mitterrand was elected President in 1981 ) , before increasing today to between 700,000 and 720,000 members , slightly fewer than the Confédération Française Démocratique du Travail ( CFDT ) .
Various sources , including former CIA officials , have suggested that this split was instigated by the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and that FO had received funds from the CIA through the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) 's Irving Brown .	FO is a member of the European Trade Union Confederation .
It was founded in 1919 as the Trade Union of Employees of Industry and Commerce under the inspiration of Exupérien Mas with the goal of safeguarding the material as well as the spiritual interests of its members .	In 1964 , the union split , a majority founding the French Democratic Confederation of Labour ( CFDT ) , a non-confessional trade-union .
Charles Henry Mosley III ( December 26 , 1959 – November 9 , 2017 ) was an American musician , singer and songwriter , who was best known as the frontman for Faith No More from 1984 to 1988 .	During his tenure with the band , they released two albums , `` We Care a Lot '' and `` Introduce Yourself '' .
Edgar Algernon Robert Gascoyne-Cecil , 1st Viscount Cecil of Chelwood , ( 14 September 1864 – 24 November 1958 ) , known as Lord Robert Cecil from 1868 to 1923 , was a British lawyer , politician and diplomat .	He was one of the architects of the League of Nations and a defender of it , whose service to the organisation saw him awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1937 .
It is the largest French trade union confederation by number of members ( 875,000 ) but comes only second after the Confédération générale du travail ( CGT ) in voting results for representative bodies .	The CFDT was created in 1964 when a majority of the members of the Christian trade union Confédération Française des Travailleurs Chrétiens ( CFTC ) decided they preferred to be part of a secular union .
A float chamber works by allowing liquid within the chamber to lift a float which is linked to a valve which regulates the liquid intake .	When the level is low , the float drops and opens the valve , allowing in liquid until the float rises sufficiently to close off the valve again .
It only organizes unions for professional employees , with higher education and/or in management or executive positions .	It originated from several former unions of engineers in 1945 .
The Group of 10 and the SUD Unions are part of the European Social Forum and the World Social Forum .	Most of the SUD trade-union practice a syndicalism of struggle ( `` syndicalisme de lutte '' ) , like factions of the CGT , FO and the CNT .
Established in 1998 , it replaced the Conseil national du patronat Français ( CNPF ) , or the `` National Council of the French Employers '' , which was founded in 1946 .	It has more than 750,000 member firms , 90 percent of them being small and medium enterprises ( SMEs ) with fewer than 50 employees .
The Sabirs ( Savirs , Suars , Sawar , Sawirk among others ; ) were nomadic people who lived in the north of the Caucasus beginning in the late-5th century , on the eastern shores of the Black Sea , in the Kuban area , and possibly came from Western Siberia .	They were skilled in warfare , used siege machinery , had a large army ( including women ) and were boat-builders .
These STOL capable aircraft were produced on the Isle of Wight .	They were also produced in Romania , and delivered via Belgium to Britain for their certification .
The lengths of the metatarsal bones in humans are , in descending order : second , third , fourth , fifth and first .	The five metatarsals are dorsally convex long bones consisting of a shaft or body , a base ( proximally ) , and a head ( distally ) .
His easy manner and great physical charm , as well as his pacific approach among Africans , were his trademarks .	Under French colonial rule , the capital of the Republic of the Congo was named Brazzaville after him and the name was retained by the post-colonial rulers .
The metacarpal bones are equivalent to the metatarsal bones in the foot .	The metacarpals form a transverse arch to which the rigid row of distal carpal bones are fixed .
Under his leadership , LMD established editorial and financial independence in 1996 from `` Le Monde '' , with which it had been affiliated since 1954 .	Ramonet published an editorial in December 1997 in LMD on the Tobin tax that led to the launching of ATTAC .
It is the site of notorious atrocities committed by the Huron tribes against the surrendered British and provincial troops following a successful French siege in 1757 .	That event was portrayed in James Fenimore Cooper 's novel , `` The Last of the Mohicans '' .
Voyager Point is located 25 kilometres ( 35 min ) south of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of the City Of Liverpool .	The only adjacent suburbs are Sandy Point , Holsworthy and Pleasure Point .
The views promoted by the magazine varied across different editors and owners , with the publication consequently considered either on the left or right of the political spectrum at various stages in its history .	`` The Bulletin '' was highly influential in Australian culture and politics until after the First World War , and was then noted for its nationalist , pro-labour , and pro-republican writing .
In `` Star Trek '' a replicator is a machine capable of creating ( and recycling ) objects .	Replicators were originally seen used to synthesize meals on demand , but in later series they took on many other uses .
In 1986 , his talk show moved to the 1 to 5 a.m. early-morning time slot ( Monday through Friday ) and continued until December 2 , 2011 .	Taliaferro was an on-air personality for KGO NEWSTALK AM 810 .
Despite its name , financial engineering does not belong to any of the fields in traditional professional engineering even though many financial engineers have studied engineering beforehand and many universities offering a postgraduate degree in this field require applicants to have a background in engineering as well .	In the United States , the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology ( ABET ) does not accredit financial engineering degrees .
The party was founded in 1973 as the Socialist Electoral League , an electoral coalition with the Communist Party , Socialist People 's Party , Democratic Socialists - AIK , and independent socialists .	In 1975 , the coalition was turned into a unified political party .
A sine wave or sinusoid is a mathematical curve that describes a smooth periodic oscillation .	A sine wave is a continuous wave .
William Hayward Wakefield ( 1801 - 19 September 1848 ) was an English colonel , the leader of the first colonising expedition to New Zealand and one of the founders of Wellington .	In 1826 , he married Emily Sidney , a daughter of Sir John Sidney .
He noticed the homotopy invariance of the index , and asked for a formula for it by means of topological invariants .	Some of the motivating examples included the Riemann–Roch theorem and its generalization the Hirzebruch–Riemann–Roch theorem , and the Hirzebruch signature theorem .
The modern connotation of `` servile follower '' appeared later , in 1588 ( `` OED '' ) .	There are several theories about the origins of the word .
In his obituary , `` The New York Times '' described Fuentes as `` one of the most admired writers in the Spanish-speaking world '' and an important influence on the Latin American Boom , the `` explosion of Latin American literature in the 1960s and '70s '' , while `` The Guardian '' called him `` Mexico 's most celebrated novelist '' .	His many literary honors include the Miguel de Cervantes Prize as well as Mexico 's highest award , the Belisario Domínguez Medal of Honor .
He was a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist .	Louis-Claude Daquin was born in Paris to a family originating from Italy , where his great-great-grandfather took the name D'Aquino after converting to Catholicism in the town of Aquino .
2003 ) , is an American legal case dealing with the protection provided an internet service provider under the Communications Decency Act ( CDA ) United States Code Title 47 section 230 ( c ) ( 1 ) .	It is also known as the Star Trek actress case as the plaintiff , Chase Masterson – whose legal name is Christianne Carafano – is well known for having appeared on `` '' .
Harpers in the old Irish tradition were still living as late as 1792 , and ten , including Arthur O'Neill , Patrick Quin and Donnchadh Ó Hámsaigh , attended the Belfast Harp Festival .	Ó Hámsaigh did play some of Carolan 's music but disliked it for being too modern .
He is mentioned once in the Book of Esther ( ) .	According to this narrative , King Ahasuerus commanded Abagtha and six other officials to parade the Queen Vashti before the king and his ministers in the crown jewels .
However , as time passed , expectations became tempered ; `` Fully Automatic High Quality Translation '' was not a reasonably attainable goal .	The true character of Eurotra was eventually acknowledged to be in fact pre-competitive research rather than prototype development .
An anglicized version was produced by the British and Foreign Bible Society , which includes metric measurements for the Commonwealth market .	The CEV project began as a result of studies conducted by Barclay Newman in 1985 into speech patterns used in books , magazines , newspapers , and television .
Pentti Ilkka Olavi Arajärvi ( born 2 June 1948 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish doctor of law .	He is the husband of Tarja Halonen , who was the President of Finland between 2000 and 2012 .
Islam is the second-most widely professed religion in France behind Catholic Christianity by number of worshippers .	France has the largest number of Muslims in the Western world primarily due to migration from North African and Middle Eastern countries .
Due to conflict relating to sustainability being too big for individual member states to handle , Earth Summit was held as a platform for other Member States to collaborate .	Since the creation , many others in the field of sustainability show a similar development to the issues discussed in these conferences , including non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) .
It is in length , and is one of the major tributaries of the River Derwent , which flows into the River Trent , and ultimately into the Humber and the North Sea .	The river 's source lies just west of Buxton , on Axe Edge Moor .
The river flows into the River Derwent a kilometre south of Bamford .	The entire length of the river is closely followed by the Hope Valley ( Manchester to Sheffield ) railway line .
Its source is on the eastern slopes of Mill Hill , three miles south east of Glossop and just north of Kinder Scout .	The river flows approximately ten kilometres east , following the Sheffield to Manchester Snake Pass road through remote countryside , before emptying into Ladybower Reservoir , which itself flows into the River Derwent .
He was one of the most famous composers active in the early 15th century , a near-contemporary of Leonel Power , and was widely influential , not only in England but on the continent , especially in the developing style of the Burgundian School .	The spelling `` Dunstaple '' is preferred by Margaret Bent , since it occurs in more than twice as many musical attributions as that of `` Dunstable '' .
The population in 2001 was 313 increasing to 353 at the 2011 Census .	The Parish of Edale ,
`` B '' is one of the 26 sporadic groups and has the second highest order of these , with the highest order being that of the monster group .	The double cover of the baby monster is the centralizer of an element of order 2 in the monster group .
The river was one of those affected by the 2007 United Kingdom floods .	The course of the river is accessible to walkers , as the Dearne Way long distance footpath follows it from `` Dearne Head '' to its junction with the River Don .
It encompasses the towns of Wombwell , Wath-upon-Dearne , Swinton , Conisbrough and Mexborough , the large villages of Ardsley , Bolton on Dearne , Goldthorpe , Thurnscoe , Darfield , Stairfoot and Brampton Bierlow , and many other smaller villages and hamlets .	In 1995 the area became a regeneration area , as it had suffered much from the sudden decline of the deep coal mining industry in the 1980s .
In group theory , a sporadic group is one of the 26 exceptional groups found in the classification of finite simple groups .	A simple group is a group `` G '' that does not have any normal subgroups except for the trivial group and `` G '' itself .
Similar mixtures ( 1 part dinitronaphthalene and 7 parts ammonium nitrate ) were known as Schneiderite in France .	Amatol was used extensively during World War I and World War II , typically as an explosive in military weapons such as aircraft bombs , shells , depth charges , and naval mines .
Willcock was born in Alverthorpe , Wakefield , Yorkshire , the illegitimate son of Harry Cruickshank , a native of Leeds who worked in the textile trade , and Ella Brooke , whose family ran a wholesale tailoring business .	He was subsequently adopted by a widow , Mary Willcock , whose surname he adopted .
Henrietta Lacks ( born Loretta Pleasant ; August 1 , 1920 – October 4 , 1951 ) was an African-American woman whose cancer cells are the source of the HeLa cell line , the first immortalized cell line and one of the most important cell lines in medical research .	An immortalized cell line reproduces indefinitely under specific conditions , and the HeLa cell line continues to be a source of invaluable medical data to the present day .
They are native to southern Africa , and are sometimes collectively called South African dwarf chameleons .	Some other small chameleons from eastern and central Africa are occasionally placed herein , but this is probably in error and not followed here .
Calumma is a genus of chameleons endemic and restricted to Madagascar .	The species formerly named `` Calumma tigris '' was transferred to the genus `` Archaius '' by Townsend et al .
Lerwick ( ; Scottish Gaelic : `` Liùrabhaig '' , Norwegian : `` Leirvik '' ) is the main port of the Shetland Islands , Scotland .	Shetland 's only burgh , Lerwick had a population of about 7000 residents in 2010 and is the third-largest island settlement in Scotland .
They are slow moving with independently movable eyes , the ability to change skin colouration , long tongue , usually a prehensile tail , and special leg adaptations for grasping vegetation .	Males are generally larger and more colorful than females .
The trail runs for from Winchester in Hampshire to Eastbourne in East Sussex , with about of ascent and descent .	People have been using the paths and tracks that have been linked to form the South Downs Way for approximately 8000 years .
The genus contains 22 species .	The following species are recognized as being valid .
Delitzsch , Torgau-Oschatz , Döbeln , Mittweida and Leipziger Land .	The roots of the district date back to the `` Amt Grimma '' , which was formed in 1832 to 1838 , and was later renamed `` Kreis '' ( district ) .
Brookesia is a genus of chameleons , endemic to Madagascar , that range from small to very small in size , and are known collectively as leaf chameleons ( though this name also commonly is used for species in the genera `` Rieppeleon '' and `` Rhampholeon '' ) .	`` Brookesia '' includes species considered to be the world 's smallest chameleons , and are also among the smallest reptiles .
They are brown , grey , or green , and typically seen at low levels in bushes , or on the ground among grasses or leaf litter .	Until recently , the members of the genus `` Rieppeleon '' were commonly included in `` Rhampholeon '' , instead .
Nile was re-elected at the March 2007 state election and is currently Assistant President of the Legislative Council .	He is the longest-serving member of the New South Wales parliament .
It lies in a tunnel in circumference and as deep as beneath the France–Switzerland border near Geneva .	Its first data-taking period lasted from March 2010 to early 2013 at an energy of 3.5 to 4 teraelectronvolts ( TeV ) per beam ( 7 to 8 TeV total ) , about four times the previous world record for a collider and accelerator .
In linear algebra , the Cauchy–Binet formula , named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy and Jacques Philippe Marie Binet , is an identity for the determinant of the product of two rectangular matrices of transpose shapes ( so that the product is well-defined and square ) .	It generalizes the statement that the determinant of a product of square matrices is equal to the product of their determinants .
Authors contributing to the encyclopedia give Stanford University the permission to publish the articles , but retain the copyright to those articles .	, the `` SEP '' has nearly 1,600 published entries .
Legally ill-defined , the term has different meanings depending on context .	It is used to designate the monarch in either a personal capacity , as Head of the Commonwealth , or as the king or queen of his or her realms .
Cherubini was born Maria Luigi Carlo Zenobio Salvatore Cherubini in Florence in 1760 .	There is uncertainty about his exact date of birth .
He was born in Lisbon , Portugal , and died in a horse-riding accident on the banks of the river Tagus .	Afonso , named after his grandfather , King Afonso V , was the only son King John II and Eleanor of Viseu .
Lucien and his wife had twelve children , including Cardinal Lucien Bonaparte .	Bonaparte was the son of Lucien Bonaparte and Alexandrine de Bleschamp , and a nephew of Emperor Napoleon I .
It specifically involves evaluators examining the interface and judging its compliance with recognized usability principles ( the `` heuristics '' ) .	These evaluation methods are now widely taught and practiced in the new media sector , where UIs are often designed in a short space of time on a budget that may restrict the amount of money available to provide for other types of interface testing .
The Granny Smith is a tip-bearing apple cultivar , which originated in Australia in 1868 .	It is named after Maria Ann Smith , who propagated the cultivar from a chance seedling .
Let formula_2 be a fixed number , and let formula_3 be the set of pairs of numbers whose product is at least formula_2 .	When defined over the positive real numbers , formula_5 has infinitely many minimal elements of the form formula_6 , one for each positive number formula_7 ; this set of points forms one of the branches of a hyperbola .
After holding several ministerial roles under John Major , Fox served as Constitutional Affairs Spokesman from 1998 to 1999 , Shadow Health Secretary from 1999 to 2003 , Chair of the Conservative Party from 2003 to 2005 , Shadow Foreign Secretary in 2005 and Shadow Defence Secretary from 2005 to 2010 .	In the 2009 expenses scandal , he was the Shadow Cabinet minister found to have the largest over-claim on expenses and , as a result , was forced to repay the most money .
Being part of a group grants access to state funds and committee seats , but the group members must be ideologically tied .	Groups of convenience , such as the Technical Group of Independents , previously existed , but are no longer allowed , and the minimum requirements for group formation have been raised , forcing less numerous elements to sit as NIs .
The name of the village was often quoted in parts of `` Guignol '' plays as several Guignol entertainers used to spend holiday time in this village .	Pierre Neichthauser , mayor of Brindas from 1929 until 1940 , was also the puppeteer for the character `` Gnafron '' in his `` Guignol Mourguet '' theatre .
In the run-up of the 2018 general election , the party was rebranded as Lega ( `` League '' ) without changing its official name in the party 's statute .	The party was nonetheless frequently referred to only as `` Lega '' even before the rebranding .
Founded in 1824 , it is the oldest and largest animal welfare organisation in the world and is one of the largest charities in the UK .	The organisation also does international outreach work across Europe , Africa and Asia .
The Oxo Tower is a building with a prominent tower on the south bank of the River Thames in London .	The building has mixed use as Oxo Tower Wharf containing a set of design , arts and crafts shops on the ground and first floors with two galleries , Bargehouse and gallery @ oxo .
Manipulating devil sticks is one of the circus arts and is sometimes called devil-sticking , twirling , sticking , or stick juggling .	Tricks or moves include the 'propeller ' .
Kagwa served as regent from 1897 until 1914 when the infant King Daudi Chwa came of age .	He is Buganda 's first and foremost ethnographer .
The company 's production transitioned from highway coaches and other products to transit buses over the period 1953–1970 , and during the years that followed , Flxible was one of the largest transit-bus manufacturers in North America .	In 1913 , Hugo H. Young and Carl F. Dudte founded the Flxible Side Car Company in Loudonville , Ohio , to manufacture motorcycle sidecars with a flexible mounting to the motorcycle .
Its products ranged from 31-feet to 60-feet in length , and were sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico .	NABI 's U.S. operations also include an aftermarket parts division in Delaware , Ohio ( at the former Flxible factory ) , and an after-sales service center at Mira Loma , California .
In mathematics , a monomial is , roughly speaking , a polynomial which has only one term .	Two definitions of a monomial may be encountered :
Delhi has been , since historical times , remained a favoured destination for shoppers .	From traditional bazaars to modern-day swanky malls , Delhi has everything to offer to a customer .
Formed following the 1999 European elections for the 5th European Parliament , the Greens/EFA group consists of three distinct European political parties , namely the larger European Green Party ( EGP ) and the European Free Alliance ( EFA ) and the smaller European Pirate Party .	The EFA consists of parties representing stateless nations , regionalist and minority political interests .
The character first appeared on US television in 1949 portrayed by Colvig .	After the creative rights to Bozo were purchased by Larry Harmon in 1956 , the character became a common franchise across the United States , with local television stations producing their own Bozo shows featuring the character .
From the very beginning , the designs of the buses produced were considered stylish .	After World War II , an all-steel body design was developed , a rarity at that time .
The counties or shires of Scotland ( ) are geographic subdivisions of Scotland established in the Middle Ages .	Originally established for judicial purposes ( being the territory over which a sheriff had jurisdiction ) , from the 17th century they started to be used for local administration purposes as well .
Construction began in 1921 , and in 1927 the building was opened as the home of the Council of State , the Central Legislative Assembly , and the Chamber of Princes .	Built with a mix of European and Mughal/Indian styles , Rashtrapati Bhavan was originally built for the Governor General of India .
They have the option under the Local Government ( Gaelic Names ) ( Scotland ) Act 1997 of being known ( but not re-designated ) as a `` '' comhairle '' '' when opting for a Gaelic name ; only `` Comhairle nan Eilean Siar '' ( Council of the Western Isles ) has chosen this option , whereas the Highland Council ( `` Comhairle na Gàidhealtachd '' ) has adopted its Gaelic form alongside its English equivalent informally .	The council areas have been in existence since 1 April 1996 , under the provisions of the Local Government etc .
His father also had another son by an unknown mother named Tertuliano Lopes Soares .	His mother had previously been married and had two children , J. Nobre Baptista and Cândido Nobre Baptista .
Pussy ( ) is a small village in the commune of La Léchère in the Savoie `` département '' of France .	It is situated on the eastern slope of Mont Bellachat above the left bank of the Isère , 9 km ( 5.5 mi . )
Given a representation of `` , '' the induced representation is , in a sense , the `` most general '' representation of that extends the given one .	Since it is often easier to find representations of the smaller group than of `` , '' the operation of forming induced representations is an important tool to construct new representations '' . ''
The JCP advocates the establishment of a society based on socialism , democracy , peace and opposition to militarism .	It proposes to achieve its objectives by working within a democratic framework in order to achieve its goals while struggling against what it describes as `` imperialism and its subordinate ally , monopoly capital '' .
The County of London was a county of England from 1889 to 1965 , corresponding to the area known today as Inner London .	It was created as part of the general introduction of elected county government in England , by way of the Local Government Act 1888 .
Before 1900 these parishes , and Battersea until 1888 , had been administered by the Wandsworth District Board of Works .	The coat of arms were granted on 6 July 1901 .
The SYSLINUX Project is a suite of lightweight master boot record ( MBR ) boot loaders for starting up IBM PC compatible computers with the Linux kernel .	Primarily developed by H. Peter Anvin , the SYSLINUX bundle consists of several separate systems used for different purposes , including ISOLINUX , PXELINUX and EXTLINUX .
The distinction between a county for purposes of the Lieutenancy and a county for administrative purposes is not a new one : in some cases a county corporate that was part of a county was appointed its own Lieutenant ( although the Lieutenant of the containing county would often be appointed to this position as well ) , and the three Ridings of Yorkshire had been treated as three counties for Lieutenancy purposes since the 17th century .	The Local Government Act 1888 established county councils to assume the administrative functions of Quarter Sessions in the counties .
While these groups are sometimes described as `` underground churches '' ( ) , this term is generally associated with Catholic assemblies who have chosen to operate independently from the state-sanctioned Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association ( ) and the ( ) .	K. H. Ting , one of the key leaders of the TSPM and the CCC for many years , did not like the term `` house church '' and preferred to use the term `` house gathering '' ( ) .
It was released on May 19 , 1995 , five years after `` Die Hard 2 '' , becoming the second highest-grossing film at the worldwide box-office that year .	It received mixed reviews .
The story is about a small music band conducted by Mickey Mouse which struggles through a distraction-filled public performance .	`` The Band Concert '' was directed by Wilfred Jackson and featured adapted music by Leigh Harline .
The first two World of Darkness settings have been used for several horror-themed role-playing games that make use of White Wolf 's storyteller/storytelling system , as well as `` Mind 's Eye Theatre '' , a live-action roleplaying game based on the core games .	The third , `` Monte Cook 's World of Darkness '' , created by Monte Cook based on the first two World of Darkness settings , includes only a single product .
The Basque Nationalist Party ( , EAJ ; , PNV ; , PNB ; EAJ-PNV ) , officially Basque National Party in English , is a Christian democratic and Basque nationalist party .	It operates in all the territories comprising the Basque Country : the Basque Autonomous Community and Navarre in Spain , and in the French Basque Country .
PSG has played its home matches in the 47,929-capacity Parc des Princes in the 16th arrondissement of Paris since 1974 .	The club plays in the highest tier of French football , Ligue 1 .
Both parts of the scientific name derive from Latin `` cursor '' , `` runner '' , from `` currere '' , `` to run '' which describes their usual habit as they hunt their insect prey on the ground in dry open semi-desert regions of Asia and northern Africa .	These coursers are found in Canary Islands , Cape Verde , North Africa and southwest Asia .
They are based on the counties created by the Local Government Act 1972 and used for local government and other purposes between 1974 and 1996 .	The Local Government ( Wales ) Act 1994 abolished the eight ceremonial counties created by the Local Government Act 1972 .
David Rupert ( born July 27 , 1951 ) is an American former FBI/British intelligence agent whose testimony led to the arrest and prosecution of Michael McKevitt , the reputed leader of the Real IRA , for the Omagh Bombing .	According to `` The Guardian '' , `` [ i ] t has emerged that when , in November 2000 , it was first suggested to Rupert that he testify against McKevitt , the American informer balked at the idea ... [ i ] t is understood that he changed his mind after seeing a news report on the Omagh bombing .
Annie is a Broadway musical based upon the popular Harold Gray comic strip `` Little Orphan Annie '' , with music by Charles Strouse , lyrics by Martin Charnin , and book by Thomas Meehan .	The original Broadway production opened in 1977 and ran for nearly six years , setting a record for the Alvin Theatre ( now the Neil Simon Theatre ) .
There are 236 surviving pages , eight of which are illuminated .	Another four contain framed text .
A spin-off of `` Diff'rent Strokes '' , the series featured the Drummonds ' former housekeeper Edna Garrett ( Charlotte Rae ) becoming the housemother of a dormitory at Eastland School , a private all-girls school .	The girls in her care included spoiled rich girl Blair Warner ( Lisa Whelchel ) ; the youngest , gossipy Dorothy `` Tootie '' Ramsey ( Kim Fields ) and impressionable Natalie Green ( Mindy Cohn ) .
The Royal Astronomical Society ( RAS ) is a learned society and charity that encourages and promotes the study of astronomy , solar-system science , geophysics and closely related branches of science .	Its headquarters are in Burlington House , on Piccadilly in London .
The show was broadcast weekly on one of the Big Three television networks until 1990 , a 36-year span with only a two-year hiatus in 1984-85 .	The series was broadcast on Sunday for 25 of those years .
In 1794 permanent lieutenancies were established by Royal Warrant .	By the Militia Act 1797 ( 37 Geo.3 , C.103 ) , the lieutenants appointed `` for the Counties , Stewartries , Cities , and Places '' were given powers to raise and command County Militia Units .
The film , which combines live action and animation , stars Angela Lansbury and David Tomlinson .	During the early 1960s , `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks '' entered development when the negotiations for the film rights to `` Mary Poppins '' were placed on hold .
It publishes a newspaper called `` Trudovaja Rossija '' ( ; `` Working People 's Russia '' ) and the journal `` Sovetskij Sojuz '' ( ; `` Soviet Union '' ) .	The RCWP-CPSU claims to have supported all the biggest occupations and strikes in Russia .
Congress is typically held in the first week or January , spanning a full week of leadership development sessions , informational presentations , guest speakers from industry , a career fair and culminating in plenary , the decision making body of the CFES .	At congress , the CFES National Executive and other officer positions are elected , and bids are made to host other CFES activities .
A study in 1989 indicated that 69 % of churches belonging to the Baptist Union identified with the charismatic movement .	A smaller portion of member churches are Reformed in doctrine .
She and her twin sister Helen Fedora Rolfe were the daughters of George Rolfe , a British chartered accountant working in Paris .	Although she grew up in Paris , she and her sister came to England for summer school to learn English when they were about 7 and then again when they were 11 , as they spoke French at home .
It is of French origin and dates back to the 16th century .	A typical petard was a conical or rectangular metal device containing 2–3 kg ( 5 or 6 pounds ) of gunpowder , with a slow match for a fuse .
What 's Happening ! !	is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from August 5 , 1976 , to April 28 , 1979 .
Oh Yeah !	Cartoons is an American animation showcase that appeared on the Nickelodeon cable network , which was created and guided by Fred Seibert , former Creative Director of MTV Networks and President of Hanna-Barbera .
The office of chancellor from the time of Thomas Becket onwards varied much in importance ; the holder being a churchman , he was not only engaged in the business of his diocese , but sometimes was away from England .	Consequently , it became not unusual to place the personal custody of the great seal in the hands of a `` vice-chancellor '' or `` keeper '' ; this , too , was the practice followed during a temporary vacancy in the chancellorship .
Marc Ferrez ( December 7 , 1843 – January 12 , 1923 ) was a Brazilian photographer born in Rio de Janeiro .	Marc Ferrez was the son of the French sculptor and engraver Zepherin Ferrez who moved to Rio de Janeiro in 1816 .
Potassium sodium tartrate tetrahydrate , also known as Rochelle salt , is a double salt of tartaric acid first prepared ( in about 1675 ) by an apothecary , Pierre Seignette , of La Rochelle , France .	Potassium sodium tartrate and monopotassium phosphate were the first materials discovered to exhibit piezoelectricity .
It is based on the layout of the Public Land Survey System used in the United States , but has several differences .	The DLS is the dominant survey method in the Prairie provinces , and it is also used in British Columbia along the Railway Belt ( near the main line of the Canadian Pacific Railway ) , and in the Peace River Block in the northeast of the province .
Established in 1918 as the Communist Party of German-Austria ( KPDÖ ) , it is one of the world 's oldest Communist parties .	The KPÖ was banned between 1933 and 1945 under both the Austrofascist regime and the Nazi German control of Austria after the 1938 `` Anschluss '' .
The Communist Party of Bangladesh ( ) is a Marxist-Leninist political party in Bangladesh , founded in 1948 as the Communist Party of East Pakistan .	After the partitioning of India in 1947 , during the 2nd Congress of the Communist Party of India in Calcutta , the delegates coming from regions within the newly founded state of Pakistan ( which included what now constitutes Bangladesh ) met on March 6 , 1948 in a separate session and decided to form the Communist Party of Pakistan .
Marrying her geologist and mining engineer husband in 1899 , she traveled widely with him , including to Shanghai , China , and became a cultivated scholar and linguist .	She made extensive study of languages including Latin , Mandarin Chinese , Spanish , German , Italian and French , and is the only First Lady to have spoken an Asian language .
Euteleostomes are also known as `` bony vertebrates '' .	Both its major subgroups are successful today : Actinopterygii includes the majority of extant fish species , and Sarcopterygii includes the tetrapods .
It was formed in 2000 and strongly opposes the nationalism of the region and the collapse of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .	Some of their major aims are the introduction of workers ' self-management and participatory democracy , as well as the establishment of a socialist federal Yugoslavia .
His appearance is based on Jack Pumpkinhead , a character in L. Frank Baum 's Oz books .	Mervyn 's first appearance in `` The Sandman '' # 5 ( May 1989 ) had him driving a bus , helping to transport Morpheus on his quest .
The Communist Party of Brazil ( , PCdoB ) is a communist and Marxist–Leninist political party in Brazil .	It has national reach and deep penetration in the trade union and students movements , but little representation in elected positions .
Susan Hampshire , Lady Kulukundis ( born 12 May 1937 ) is an English actress , known for her many television and film roles .	A three-time Emmy Award winner , she won for `` The Forsyte Saga '' in 1970 , `` The First Churchills '' in 1971 , and for `` Vanity Fair '' in 1973 .
Instead , it is a minor variant and refinement of Oberon-2 with a more expressive type system and built-in string support .	Component Pascal was originally designed and supported by a small ETH Zürich spin-off company called Oberon microsystems under the name Oberon/L .
Hereford and Worcester was an English county created on 1 April 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 from the areas of the former administrative county of Herefordshire , most of Worcestershire ( except Halesowen , Stourbridge and Warley , which became part of the West Midlands ) and the county borough of Worcester .	An aim of the Act was to increase efficiency of local government : the two counties are among England 's smaller and less populous counties , particularly after the same Act transferred some of Worcestershire 's most urbanised areas to the West Midlands .
The Castafiore Emerald ( ) is the twenty-first volume of `` The Adventures of Tintin '' , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .	It was serialised weekly from July 1961 to September 1962 in `` Tintin '' magazine .
The party has also contributed significantly to trade union organizing and labour history in Canada , peace and anti-war activism , and many other social movements .	The Communist Party of Canada is the second oldest active party after the Liberal Party of Canada .
Software engineers build software ( applications , operating systems , system software ) that people use .	Applications influence software engineering by pressuring developers to solve problems in new ways .
The Territory of Oregon was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from August 14 , 1848 , until February 14 , 1859 , when the southwestern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Oregon .	Originally claimed by several countries ( see Oregon Country ) , the region was divided between the UK and US in 1846 .
It is the central legislative piece in Quebec 's language policy .	Proposed by Camille Laurin , the Minister of Cultural Development under the first Parti Québécois government of Premier René Lévesque , it was passed by the National Assembly , and granted Royal Assent by Lieutenant Governor Hugues Lapointe on August 26 , 1977 .
`` Fertilization '' is the fusion of both sex cell or gamete .	`` Copulation '' is the union of the sex organs of two sexually reproducing animals for insemination and subsequent internal fertilization .
Room on Fire is the second studio album by American rock band the Strokes , released on October 28 , 2003 by RCA Records .	The album features the return of producer Gordon Raphael from `` Is This It '' and consists of a slightly smoother sound than its predecessor ; i.e .
PAYE may include withholding the employee portion of insurance contributions or similar social benefit taxes .	In most countries , they are determined by employers but subject to government review .
Early efforts at fixed-wing aircraft design succeeded in generating sufficient lift to get the aircraft off the ground , but once aloft , the aircraft proved uncontrollable , often with disastrous results .	The development of effective flight controls is what allowed stable flight .
Opera seria ( ; plural : `` opere serie '' ; usually called `` dramma per musica '' or `` melodramma serio '' ) is an Italian musical term which refers to the noble and `` serious '' style of Italian opera that predominated in Europe from the 1710s to about 1770 .	The term itself was rarely used at the time and only attained common usage once `` opera seria '' was becoming unfashionable and beginning to be viewed as a historical genre .
Baptists first arrived in Scotland with the armies of English republican Oliver Cromwell in the 1650s , who established small churches in Leith , Perth , Cupar , Ayr and Aberdeen , but they did not survive for long , partly because of their association with Cromwell ( who was generally not welcomed in Scotland ) , but more especially as a result of strident and often violent opposition instigated and inspired by the Church of Scotland and the Parliament of Scotland which it controlled .	Baptists later emerged in the 18th century—in 1750 at Keiss , where the leader was William Sinclair and the church was established on the English Baptist pattern .
Ang Thong native handicrafts include moulded court dolls , firebrick , and wickerwork .	There are more than 200 temples in Ang Thong .
There is generally a dancing competition , with many different types of traditional dances , music and regalia , often with significant prize money awarded .	Pow wows vary in length from a one-day event , to major pow wows called for a special occasion which can be up to one week long .
It stands on Federal Highways 190 and 180 and the Mexico City to Veracruz railway .	In the 2005 INEGI Census , the city reported a total population of 18,965 , with 53,311 in the surrounding municipality .
A wavefunction ψ is a Bloch wave if it has the form :	where r is position , ψ is the Bloch wave , `` u '' is a periodic function with the same periodicity as the crystal , k is a vector of real numbers called the crystal wave vector , `` e '' is Euler 's number , and `` i '' is the imaginary unit .
Wicket is a diminutive teddy bear-like creature known as an Ewok , living on the forest moon of Endor and eventually participating in the Battle of Endor as an ally of the Rebel Alliance .	In concluding his original `` Star Wars '' trilogy , George Lucas had foreseen the decisive battle in the Galactic Civil War taking place between the Wookiees and the Empire ; however , he considered Chewbacca too skilled with technology , and wanted a more primitive species than the Wookiees to defeat the Empire .
He studied guitar privately for three years before enrolling in the National Conservatory of Music .	From 1960 to 1963 he studied composition under Carlos Chávez , Héctor Quintanar and Julián Orbón .
Crocodile '' .	He took the throne on September 12 , 379 , and reigned until his death .
For instance , there is a ( `` non-posterior '' ) probability of a person finding buried treasure if they dig in a random spot , and a posterior probability of finding buried treasure if they dig in a spot where their metal detector rings .	The posterior probability is the probability of the parameters formula_1 given the evidence formula_2 : formula_3 .
Melusine ( ) or Melusina is a figure of European folklore and mythology ( mostly Celtic ) , a female spirit of fresh water in a sacred spring or river .	She is usually depicted as a woman who is a serpent or fish from the waist down ( much like a mermaid ) .
Atlatl Cauac , translated as `` Spearthrower Owl '' ( 364 – 439 AD ) is the name commonly given to a Mesoamerican personage from the Early Classic period , who is identified in Maya inscriptions and iconography .	It has been suggested that Spearthrower Owl was a ruler of Teotihuacan at the start of height of its influence across Mesoamerica in the 4th and 5th century , and that he was responsible for the introduction of Teotihuacan-related cultural traits in the Maya area .
Four is the largest number within the subitizing range and one of two numbers that is both a square and a highly composite number ( the other being 36 ) , making quaternary a convenient choice for a base at this scale .	Despite being twice as large , its radix economy is equal to that of binary .
However , at Enaton he became well known for his chastity , sanctity , and religious scholarship .	Upon the death of Simeon of Alexandria in 701 , the Patriarchate of Alexdandria remained vacant for approximately four years , while the members of the church sought an appropriate successor .
See also Hipatia , a related Spanish language initiative .	At the first „Wizards of OS “ conference in July 1999 a spontaneous discussion round was founded after the panel „New Economy ? “ .
The group has offices in Montreuil , Seine-Saint-Denis , Paris , and in Amstelveen , Netherlands .	Air France–KLM is the result of the merger in 2004 between Air France and KLM .
It builds upon many of the basic principles and techniques learned in the first Wing Chun open-hand form , Siu Nim Tao .	The form may also be called Chum Kil .
A plaque reading `` Živimo in gospodarimo na svoji zemlji '' ( 'We live and prosper upon our land ' ) was added on 14 September 1989 .	In 2003 , Slovenia adopted an act on GEOSS .
It seems that he never ascended to the high-kingship in his own right .	He was the father of Lady Sak K'uk ' , one of the rare queens regnant of Maya history .
He was the first monarch of the House of Bourbon , of which he was head from 1537 .	He was the father of Henry IV of France .
The film stars Adam Garcia .	Garcia stars as Andy Kasper , a man who gives up his cushy marketing job to do something more fulfilling .
These churches are bound together by a constitution and by laws , which embodies the principles as well as the mechanics of the fellowship .	Its headquarters is 910 A.S. Fortuna St. , Banilad , Mandaue , Cebu 6014 .
The knight on f7 delivers mate to the king on h8 which is prevented from escaping the check by the rook on g8 and the pawns on g7 and h7 .	Similarly , White can be mated with the white king on h1 and the knight on f2 .
Cristino García Granda ( Gozón , 1914–1946 ) was a fighter with the French Resistance in France during World War II .	He was born in Asturias , Spain and also died in Spain .
Sebastian was awarded seven Latin Grammy Awards and five Grammy Awards , making him the most awarded Mexican performer in Grammy history .	Sebastian also worked sporadically as an actor .
Saint Metrophanes ( ?	– 326 ) was the bishop of Byzantium from 306 to 314 .
She acceded to the throne in October , 612 and ruled until 615 .	Her father was Janahb Pakal and her mother was Yohl Ik'nal or unknown .
It is considered one of the top universities in Japan .	Hokkaido University ( Hokudai for short ) was founded in 1876 as by William S. Clark with the help of five faculty members and a first class size of 24 students .
MEBSH is a member of the Protestant Federation of Haiti , the Evangelical Council of Haitian Churches and the Baptist World Alliance .	Evangelical Baptist Mission of South Haiti began with the opening of a Bible College by a team of independent missionaries from Cuba in 1928 .
It is also known as Saint Thomas Church Fifth Avenue or as Saint Thomas Church in the City of New York and was incorporated on 9 January 1824 .	The current structure , completed in 1914 , is the fourth church built to house this congregation and was designed by the architects Ralph Adams Cram and Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue in the French High Gothic Revival style .
Aloha Stadium is home to the University of Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team ( Mountain West Conference , NCAA Division I FBS ) .	It hosts the NCAA 's Hawai'i Bowl , and formerly was home to the National Football League 's Pro Bowl from 1980 through 2016 ( except in 2010 and 2015 ) and to the NCAA 's Hula Bowl from 1975 to 1997 and again from 2006 to 2008 .
The submarine 's five diesel engines were built by General Motors ' Cleveland Diesel plant located on the west side of Cleveland .	She was launched on 21 March 1943 ( sponsored by Mrs. G.M .
Each Ford circle is tangent to the horizontal axis formula_6 and any two Ford circles are either tangent or disjoint from each other .	Ford circles are a special case of mutually tangent circles ; the base line can be thought of as a circle with infinite radius .
Domain hijacking or domain theft is the act of changing the registration of a domain name without the permission of its original registrant , or by abuse of privileges on domain hosting and registrar ( s ) software systems .	This can be devastating to the original domain name holder , not only financially as they may have derived commercial income from a website hosted at the domain or conducted business through that domain 's e-mail accounts , but also in terms of readership and/or audience for non-profit or artistic web addresses .
It deals with the structure and function of cellular components such as proteins , carbohydrates , lipids , nucleic acids and other biomolecules .	Articles related to biochemistry include :
Research shows that the half-life of a random webpage is two years .	Link rot is also called `` link death '' , `` link breaking '' or `` reference rot '' .
The majority reside in Tamil Nadu , India .	Iyers are sub-divided into various sub-sects based on cultural and regional differences .
The name , V-J Day , had been selected by the Allies after they named V-E Day for the victory in Europe .	On September 2 , 1945 , a formal surrender ceremony was performed in Tokyo Bay , Japan , aboard the battleship USS `` Missouri '' .
With the rise of Detroit 's second wave in the early 1990s , Pennington became a mentor for Mike Banks and the Underground Resistance crew .	With Underground Resistance , he released the singles `` Nocturbulous Behavior '' and `` Dark Energy '' .
Government and binding ( GB , GBT ) is a theory of syntax and a phrase structure grammar in the tradition of transformational grammar developed principally by Noam Chomsky in the 1980s .	This theory is a radical revision of his earlier theories and was later revised in `` The Minimalist Program '' ( 1995 ) and several subsequent papers , the latest being `` Three Factors in Language Design '' ( 2005 ) .
Butt rot is a disease of plants , mostly trees , caused by fungi .	The fungus attacks the moist , poorly protected undersurface of tree trunk 's thickest part ( the `` butt '' above the root , as opposed to `` top '' ) , where the end of the stem makes contact with the soil .
The Marvelous Land of Oz : Being an Account of the Further Adventures of the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman , commonly shortened to The Land of Oz , published on July 5 , 1904 , is the second of L. Frank Baum 's books set in the Land of Oz , and the sequel to `` The Wonderful Wizard of Oz '' ( 1900 ) .	This and the next 34 Oz books of the famous 40 were illustrated by John R. Neill .
The highway passes several local landmarks along the highway , but is less populated than the surrounding area .	The entire highway is concurrent with County Route 501 , but is not county-maintained .
Route 187 is a state highway in the state of New Jersey , in the United States .	The route is only long , running along Brigantine Boulevard in Atlantic City .
Great Smoky Mountains National Park is an American national park and a UNESCO World Heritage Site that straddles the ridgeline of the Great Smoky Mountains , part of the Blue Ridge Mountains , which are a division of the larger Appalachian Mountain chain .	The border between Tennessee and North Carolina runs northeast to southwest through the centerline of the park .
One nucleotide contains an adenine nucleobase and the other nicotinamide .	Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide exists in two forms : an oxidized and reduced form abbreviated as NAD and NADH respectively .
The Society of Antiquaries of Scotland is the senior antiquarian body of Scotland , with its headquarters in the National Museum of Scotland , Chambers Street , Edinburgh .	The Society 's aim is to promote the cultural heritage of Scotland .
It became the principal meeting place of the Second Continental Congress from 1775 to 1783 and was the site of the Constitutional Convention in the summer of 1787 .	A convention held in Independence Hall in 1915 , presided over by former US president William Howard Taft , marked the formal announcement of the formation of the League to Enforce Peace , which led to the League of Nations and eventually the United Nations .
It succeeded the First Continental Congress , which met in Philadelphia between September 5 , 1774 , and October 26 , 1774 .	The Second Congress managed the Colonial war effort and moved incrementally towards independence .
Quttinirpaaq National Park is a Canadian national park .	Located on the northeastern corner of Ellesmere Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , the most northerly extent of Canada , it is the second most northerly park on Earth after Northeast Greenland National Park .
Waldenburg is a municipality in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland , and the capital of the district of the same name .	Waldenburg has an area , , of .
It is named after the mountain which dominates its environs , which itself was named by Captain Cook after John Perceval , 2nd Earl of Egmont , the First Lord of the Admiralty who promoted Cook 's first voyage .	Taranaki has been the Māori name for the mountain for many centuries , and the mountain itself now has two alternative official names , `` Mount Taranaki '' and `` Mount Egmont '' .
This is a list of the mayors of the City of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .	Until 1854 , Ottawa was known as Bytown .
Subsequent closer examination of Titor 's assertions provoked widespread skepticism .	Inconsistencies in his explanations , the uniform inaccuracy of his predictions , and a private investigator 's findings all led to the general impression that the entire episode was an elaborate hoax .
The battle is named after the Saintes ( or Saints ) , a group of islands between Guadeloupe and Dominica in the West Indies .	The French fleet had the year before blockaded the British Army at Chesapeake Bay during the Siege of Yorktown and supported the eventual American victory in their revolution .
It is the site of the `` Swedetown Cross Country Ski Trails '' , a system of cross-country skiing and mountain biking trails , sledding and snowboarding hills .	The trails are the site of the annual `` Great Bear Chase Ski Race '' and `` Great Deer Chase Mountain Bike Race '' .
Whitton attended Queen 's University , where she was the star of the women 's hockey team and was known as the fastest skater in the league .	At Queen 's , she also served as editor of the `` Queen 's Journal '' newspaper in 1917 ; and was the newspaper 's first female editor .
Thaddeus Stevens ( April 4 , 1792 – August 11 , 1868 ) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and one of the leaders of the Radical Republican faction of the Republican Party during the 1860s .	A fierce opponent of slavery and discrimination against African-Americans , Stevens sought to secure their rights during Reconstruction , in opposition to U.S. President Andrew Johnson .
However the historical position goes back to Anglo-Saxon times .	The office is sometimes confused with that of the High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire ( that office had previously existed , from 1068 until 1568 , as High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire , Derbyshire and the Royal Forests . )
In addition to animated and live-action television shows , while under Disney , DiC produced live-action feature films , including `` Meet the Deedles '' ( 1998 ) and `` Inspector Gadget '' ( 1999 ) , and licensed various anime series such as `` Sailor Moon '' , `` Saint Seiya '' and `` Speed Racer X '' .	Diffusion , Information Communications ( DiC ) was formed in France in 1971 by Jean Chalopin as the production division of Radio Television Luxembourg , a long existing media company .
Doctor Claw has managed to sneak into the factory and disguise himself as Santa .	He has also managed to install mind-control devices on all the elves , which he then activates , and orders them to capture Santa .
The missing square puzzle is an optical illusion used in mathematics classes to help students reason about geometrical figures ; or rather to teach them not to reason using figures , but to use only textual descriptions and the axioms of geometry .	It depicts two arrangements made of similar shapes in slightly different configurations .
Both games feature an enemy race known as Zylons , but the original game uses a first-person perspective while `` Solaris '' is in third-person .	`` Solaris '' was at one point going to be based on `` The Last Starfighter '' , while the Atari 8-bit version of `` The Last Starfighter '' was renamed `` Star Raiders 2 '' .
A video game based on the series was released for PlayStation 2 and Windows .	Having been recruited by an elite international peacekeeping group called the World Organization of Mega Powers ( WOMP ) , Lieutenant Gadget ( promoted from his previous position of Inspector ) , now fights crime with a pair of mechanical assistants called the Gadgetinis , small robot versions of the Gadget who were created by Penny ( due to Brain retiring from active duty ) and who are the unintended victims of Gadget 's bumbling .
His company , Dennis Publishing , pioneered computer and hobbyist magazine publishing in the United Kingdom .	In more recent times , the company added lifestyle titles such as its flagship brand `` The Week '' , which is published in the UK and the United States .
She was loaned to the United States Navy from November 1942 until July 1943 .	After the war , she was restored to Clan Line in 1946 and given her originally-intended name .
He was styled Lord Herbert from 1644 until 3 April 1667 .	The Dukedom of Beaufort was bestowed upon him by King Charles II in 1682 .
In Mexican folklore , La Llorona ( , `` The Weeping Woman '' ) is a ghost of a woman who lost her children and now cries while looking for them in the river , often causing misfortune to those who are near , or who hear her .	There is no credible source or evidence to the events that inspired the tale/legend of La Llorona .
She participated in the Cuxhaven Raid in late 1914 before she began a more thorough conversion in 1915 that increased her capacity to four aircraft .	`` Engadine '' was transferred to the Battle Cruiser Fleet in late 1915 and participated in the Battle of Jutland in 1916 when one of her aircraft flew the first heavier-than-air reconnaissance mission during a naval battle .
1814 ) , Marianne ( b .	1816 ) .
The Bayou Teche is a waterway of great cultural significance in south central Louisiana in the United States .	Bayou Teche was the Mississippi River 's main course when it developed a delta about 2,800 to 4,500 years ago .
Neighbouring provinces are Bangkok , to the north and west , and Chachoengsao to the east .	Suvarnabhumi Airport is in the Bang Phli District of Samut Prakan Province .
Leslie Ann Hope ( born May 6 , 1965 ) is a Canadian actress , best known for her role as Teri Bauer on the Fox television series `` 24 '' .	Hope was born on May 6 , 1965 in Halifax , Nova Scotia , to Ann and Frank Hope .
It is a toxic alkaloid and secondary metabolite , originally extracted from plants of the genus `` Colchicum '' ( autumn crocus , `` Colchicum autumnale '' , also known as `` meadow saffron '' ) .	Colchicine is an alternative for those unable to tolerate NSAIDs in gout .
Meiselas has published several books of her own photographs and has edited and contributed to others .	Her works have been published in newspapers and magazines including `` The New York Times '' , `` The Times '' , `` Time '' , `` GEO '' and `` Paris Match '' .
Indore is the most populous and the largest city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .	It serves as the headquarters of both Indore District and Indore Division .
He worked in algebraic topology , in the theory of Lie groups , and was one of the creators of the contemporary theory of linear algebraic groups .	He studied at the ETH Zürich , where he came under the influence of the topologist Heinz Hopf and Lie-group theorist Eduard Stiefel .
He is considered one of the most important composers of the recent Greek musical scene .	He was born on the 13 April 1947 in Patra .
The method takes its name from Ukrainian doctor Konstantin Pavlovich Buteyko , who first formulated its principles during the 1950s .	This method is based on the assumption that numerous medical conditions , including asthma , are caused by chronically increased respiratory rate or deeper breathing ( hyperventilation ) .
He was the Mac Curdy Distinguished Professor of English at Louisiana State University from 1984 until his retirement in 2009 .	Born Andrei Perlmutter , he published his first poems in Romanian under the pen name Andrei Steiu .
Accordingly , many of Nichiren ’ s most important personal artifacts and writings preserved , also considered to be National Treasures of Japan are within their safekeeping .	The sect is also known for its more open and tolerant views of other Buddhist traditions , even mixing or incorporating various Buddhist beliefs and practices into their own Nichiren Buddhist aesthetics , most notably the use of religious statues , esoteric Buddhist magic rituals and the tolerant photography and distribution of the calligraphic `` Gohonzon '' .
The Second Seminole War , often referred to as `` the '' Seminole War , is regarded as `` the longest and most costly of the Indian conflicts of the United States . ''	Bands from various tribes in the southeastern United States had moved into the unoccupied lands in Florida in the 18th century .
Without taking up irrevocable vows , the Brethren banded together in communities , giving up their worldly goods to live chaste and strictly regulated lives in common houses , devoting every waking hour to attending divine service , reading and preaching of sermons , labouring productively , and taking meals in common that were accompanied by the reading aloud of Scripture : `` judged from the ascetic discipline and intention of this life , it had few features which distinguished it from life in a monastery '' , observes Hans Baron .	Of wealthy burgher stock , Groote was born at Deventer in the Oversticht possession of the bishopric Utrecht in 1340 .
He gained reputation as the first host of National Public Radio 's flagship program , `` Morning Edition '' .	Starting in 2004 , Edwards then was the host of `` The Bob Edwards Show '' on Sirius XM Radio and `` Bob Edwards Weekend '' distributed by Public Radio International to more than 150 public radio stations .
The SylvaC company briefly ceased production in 1982 although production of SylvaC pieces was resumed in 1998 by the current trademark holder Norman Williams .	The company was founded in 1894 by William Copestake and William Shaw .
He is a Royal Society Research Professor at the Department of Pure Mathematics and Mathematical Statistics at the University of Cambridge , where he also holds the Rouse Ball chair , and is a Fellow of Trinity College , Cambridge .	In 1998 , he received the Fields Medal for research connecting the fields of functional analysis and combinatorics .
The Houston Museum District currently includes 19 museums that recorded a collective attendance of over 8.7 million visitors a year .	All of the museums offer free times or days and 11 of the museums are free all the time .
North of Highway 401 , it continues as Highway 404 .	The parkway runs through the parklands of the Don River Valley , after which it is named .
The roadway has five lanes ( three eastbound and two westbound ) with a bicycle lane in each direction .	The subway level connects Broadview Station in the east with Castle Frank and Sherbourne Stations to the west .
Ryton-on-Dunsmore is a village and civil parish in the district of Rugby of Warwickshire , south east of Coventry , England .	The census of 2001 recorded a population of 1,672 in the parish , increasing to 1,813 at the 2011 Census .
DI units are typically metal boxes with input and output jacks and , for more expensive units , “ ground lift ” and attenuator switches .	DI boxes are extensively used with professional and semi-professional PA systems , professional sound reinforcement systems and in sound recording studios .
Machining is a part of the manufacture of many metal products , but it can also be used on materials such as wood , plastic , ceramic , and composites .	A person who specializes in machining is called a machinist .
The association meets annually and provides fundamentalist black Baptist churches a means of fellowship in the areas of evangelism and foreign missions .	Each congregation is independent and autonomous .
Most surveys collect information about an individual ( socio-economic , demographic , etc .	) , their household ( size , structure , relationships ) , and a diary of their journeys on a given day ( their start and end location , start and end time , mode of travel , accompaniment and purpose of travel ) .
Usage of the term differs : in some orchids two masses of pollen are well attached to one another , but in other orchids there are two halves ( with two separate viscidia ) each of which is sometimes referred to as a pollinium .	Most orchids have waxy pollinia .
Similar to this U.S. archive , an international archive of travel survey date has been suggested so that this service is expanded into more countries .	The motivation behind the archive is to forestall the loss of electronic files and documentation of surveys , which has befallen previous surveys .
The term `` Bogeyman '' is sometimes used as a non-specific personification or metonym for terror , and in some cases , the Devil .	The word `` bogey '' is believed to be derived from the Middle English `` bogge '' / `` bugge '' ( `` something frightening '' , `` scarecrow '' ) .
At the height of her power in the 1940s she commanded a 35 million strong readership .	She was well known for her political conservatism , and during the McCarthy era she named suspected communists .
After he struggled in that role , the Dodgers converted Gagné from a starter to a reliever , where for three years ( 2002–2004 ) he was statistically the most outstanding closer in the game , winning the Cy Young Award in 2003 .	During that period , he set a major league record by converting 84 consecutive save opportunities .
According to APG II , the Asclepiadaceae , commonly known as milkweed family , is a former plant family now treated as a subfamily ( subfamily Asclepiadoideae ) in the Apocynaceae ( Bruyns 2000 ) .	They form a group of perennial herbs , twining shrubs , lianas or rarely trees but notably also contain a significant number of leafless stem succulents .
After receiving a B.E.E .	degree in electrical engineering from the City College of New York in 1960 , Kahn went on to Princeton University where he earned a M.A .
Óscar Berger won the presidential election , representing the Grand National Alliance , a coalition of alliance of the Patriotic Party , the Reform Movement and the National Solidarity Party .	The Alliance were also victorious in the Congressional elections , winning 47 of the 158 seats .
This game was the first infinite positional game of perfect information to be studied .	It was introduced by Stanisław Mazur as problem 43 in the Scottish book , and Mazur 's questions about it were answered by Banach .
The opening and closing ceremonies were held at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , the main stadium of the event .	It was the first time that the Commonwealth Games were held in India and the second time they were held in Asia after Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia in 1998 .
Toniná is distinguished by its well preserved stucco sculptures and particularly by its in-the-round carved monuments , produced to an extent not seen in Mesoamerica since the end of the much earlier Olmec civilization .	Toniná possesses one of the largest pyramids in Mexico ; at in height , it is taller than the Pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacan .
Joseph L. Proust was born on September 26 , 1754 in Angers , France .	His father served as an apothecary in Angers .
The cases included a lynch mob before the suspects had been indicted , all-white juries , rushed trials , and disruptive mobs .	It is commonly cited as an example of a miscarriage of justice in the United States legal system .
The scandalous affair was widely reported , bringing unfavorable publicity to Fisher .	He later married Connie Stevens .
Decane is an alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH .	Although 75 structural isomers are possible for decane , the term usually refers to the normal-decane ( `` '' n '' -decane '' ) , with the formula CH ( CH ) CH .
It has a lineage tracing back to the American Civil War , having participated in many battles .	The official Army history and lineage does not credit the current 15th Infantry with the honors or lineage of these earlier regiments .
It has 159 isomers .	Undecane may also be used as an internal standard in gas chromatography when working with other hydrocarbons .
It is Prokofiev 's most frequently performed work , and one of the most frequently performed works in the entire classical repertoire .	It has been recorded many times .
AFN broadcasts popular American radio and television programs from the major U.S. networks .	It is sometimes referred to as the Armed Forces Network .
It has a Mohs hardness of 5 to 5.5 and a specific gravity of 5.88 .	Wüstite is a typical example of a non-stoichiometric compound .
It operates international charter services in the world of oversized cargo market .	Its main base is Gostomel Airport near Kiev .
It was released in 1983 .	The album was originally intended to be called `` Think Too Much '' , but Mo Ostin , president of Warner Bros. Records , persuaded Simon to change it to `` Hearts and Bones '' .
`` For the Australian Cargo Airline see : HeavyLift Cargo Airlines ''	Air Foyle HeavyLift was an aviation company based in Bishop 's Stortford , United Kingdom .
The British Forces Broadcasting Service ( BFBS ) provides radio and television programmes for Her Majesty 's Armed Forces , and their dependents worldwide .	Editorial control is independent of the Ministry of Defence and the armed forces themselves .
It is bordered on one side by some of the tallest sand dunes in the world , and on the other by barren rock .	The red sand dunes south of the river reach heights over 150 meters .
In molecular kinetic theory in physics , a particle 's distribution function is a function of seven variables , formula_1 , which gives the number of particles per unit volume in single-particle phase space .	It is the number of particles per unit volume having approximately the velocity formula_2 near the position formula_3 and time formula_4 .
The United Nations Association of the United States of America ( UNA-USA ) is a nonprofit membership organization dedicated to building understanding of and support for the ideals and work of the United Nations among the American people .	Its education , policy and advocacy programs emphasize the importance of cooperation among nations and the need for American leadership at the UN .
CHUM Limited was a Canadian media company based in Toronto , Ontario in operation from 1945 to 2007 .	It held full or joint control of two Canadian television systems—Citytv and A-Channel ( formerly NewNet , now CTV Two ) —comprising 11 local stations , one CBC Television affiliate , one provincial educational channel , and 20 branded specialty television channels , most notably MuchMusic and its various spinoffs .
Politically Büsingen is part of Germany , forming part of the district of Konstanz , but economically it forms part of the Swiss customs area , as do the independent principality of Liechtenstein and though unofficially , the Italian village of Campione d'Italia .	As such there have been no border controls between Switzerland and Büsingen since 4 October 1967 .
The film was originally printed in Sepiatone , but there are two computer colorized versions .	Although the 1934 film makes use of many of the characters in the original play , as well as several of the songs , the plot is almost completely unlike that of the original stage production .
Upon its launch , and for much of its life , the network primarily aired music programming , including blocks of music videos and original series focusing on musicians and artists .	In the years since , the channel has cancelled the majority of its original music programming due to budget and staffing cuts .
The foremost among these , the Brihadeeswara Temple , is located in the centre of the city .	Thanjavur is also home to Tanjore painting , a painting style unique to the region .
Other examples of point-to-point communications links are leased lines , microwave radio relay and two-way radio .	The term is also used in computer networking and computer architecture to refer to a wire or other connection that links only two computers or circuits , as opposed to other network topologies such as buses or crossbar switches which can connect many communications devices .
In the first century BC the Romans founded the garrison town of `` Campilonum '' to protect their territories from Helvetii invasions .	In 777 , Toto of Campione , a local Lombard lord , left his inheritance to the archbishopric of Milan .
The talks are perhaps better known for the security preparations and demonstrations ( known as the Quebec City protest ) that surrounded them than for the progress of the negotiations .	The `` Summits of the Americas '' is the name for a continuing series of summits bringing together the leaders of North America and South America .
It is ranked 27th highest in the world .	The first successful recorded ascent by non-natives was in 1958 by Mike Banks and Tom Patey , members of a British-Pakistani expedition , via the Southwest Spur/Ridge route .
Mount Kenya is the source of the name of the Republic of Kenya .	Mount Kenya is a stratovolcano created approximately 3 million years after the opening of the East African rift .
It is useful in a number of areas of mathematics , including functional analysis , and certain areas of theoretical and applied probability .	The Laplace–Stieltjes transform of a real-valued function `` g '' is given by a Lebesgue–Stieltjes integral of the form
Its central objectives were legislative independence for Ireland and land reform .	Its constitutional movement was instrumental in laying the groundwork for Irish self-government through three Irish Home Rule bills .
Michio Kaku ( ; born January 24 , 1947 ) is an American theoretical physicist , futurist , and popularizer of science ( science communicator ) .	He is a professor of theoretical physics in the City College of New York and CUNY Graduate Center .
Monte Bolca was uplifted from the Tethys Ocean floor during the formation of the Alps , in two stages : one 24 million years ago , and one between 30 and 50 million years ago .	The entire formation consists of of limestone , all of which contain fossils , but interspersed in which are the lagerstätte layers that contain the highly preserved specimens .
His father was the eldest son of Grand Duchess Charlotte of Luxembourg by her husband , Prince Félix of Bourbon-Parma .	His mother was an only daughter of King Leopold III of Belgium by his first wife , Astrid of Sweden .
Mari speakers , known as the Mari , are found also in the Tatarstan , Bashkortostan , Udmurtia , and Perm regions .	Mari is the titular and official language of its republic , alongside Russian .
The Freedom of the City is an honour bestowed by a municipality upon a valued member of the community , or upon a visiting celebrity or dignitary .	Arising from the medieval practice of granting respected citizens freedom from serfdom , the tradition still lives on in countries such as the United Kingdom , Ireland , Australia , Canada , South Africa and New Zealand – although today the title of `` freeman '' confers no special privileges .
It was here that William the Conqueror made the landing in his invasion of England in 1066 after crossing the English Channel from Normandy , France .	Pevensey is situated on a spur of sand and clay , about above sea level .
Pterichthyodes is a genus of antiarch placoderm fishes from the Devonian period .	Its fossils have been discovered in Scotland .
More than half a century later , Euler , who had been a student of Jacob 's younger brother Johann , proved that `` e '' is irrational ; that is , that it can not be expressed as the quotient of two integers .	Euler wrote the first proof of the fact that `` e '' is irrational in 1737 ( but the text was only published seven years later ) .
Between June 1949 and September 1950 , the overwhelming majority of Yemen 's Jewish population was transported to Israel in Operation Magic Carpet .	After several waves of persecution throughout Yemen , most Yemenite Jews now live in Israel , while small communities are found in the United States and elsewhere .
The Joseon Dynasty of Korea integrated itself into the Chinese tributary sphere , and consequently used the era names of the Ming and Qing Dynasties of China for most of its existence .	Chinese era names are no longer used in modern Korean historiography .
Piero Capponi ( 1447 – September 25 , 1496 ) was an Italian statesman and warrior from Florence ; he is best celebrated for his bold defiance of the King of France in 1494 .	He was at first intended for a business career , but Lorenzo de ' Medici , appreciating his ability , sent him as ambassador to various courts , where he acquitted himself with distinction .
The opening stage of stage race will often be a short individual time trial called a prologue .	Starting times are at equal intervals , usually one or two minutes apart .
At formal halls , only gowns are worn and doctors normally wear their undress gowns ; for more ceremonial occasions full-dress gowns and hoods are worn by graduates .	Until 1990 , the General Regulations of University 'recommended ' the wearing of gowns by members of the University when attending divine service at the Cathedral – but this is now left to individual choice apart from at certain services ( such as the Founders and Benefactors service ) .
He had a deep admiration for the great generals of Napoleon , and his uncompromising spirit and independent views marked him as a leader .	Entering the army as sub-lieutenant , he took a secret but active part in the unsuccessful Belfort Conspiracy .
, the museum had more than 3,000 exhibits and an exhibition area of more than , indoors and outdoors .	In addition to exhibitions , the museum also has a IMAX 3D theatre .
Its name was inspired by the Celtic Frost album `` To Mega Therion '' .	`` To Mega Therion '' is Greek for `` The Great Beast '' and was a title used by occultist Aleister Crowley .
Veselin Aleksandrov Topalov ( pronounced ; ; born 15 March 1975 ) is a Bulgarian chess grandmaster and former FIDE World Chess Champion .	Topalov became FIDE World Chess Champion by winning the FIDE World Chess Championship 2005 .
Émile de Girardin ( 22 June 1802 – 27 April 1881 ) was a French journalist , publisher and politician .	He was the most successful and flamboyant French journalist of the era , presenting himself as a promoter of mass education through mass journalism .
Rotax is the brand name for a range of internal combustion engines developed and manufactured by the Austrian company BRP-Rotax GmbH & Co KG ( until 2016 BRP-Powertrain GmbH & Co. KG ) , in turn owned by the Canadian Bombardier Recreational Products .	Rotax four-stroke and advanced two-stroke engines are used in a wide variety of small land , sea and airborne vehicles .
She was born at Aachen , and christened Delphine Gay .	Her mother , the well-known Madame Sophie Gay , brought her up in the midst of a brilliant literary society .
Marketed as `` '' the world 's first 24-hour sports network dedicated to celebrating the achievements of women in sports , '' '' the channel was a spin-off of its sister channel , TSN , Canada 's first and at the time , largest national sports channel .	Programming on the network included a variety of programs ranging from live and tape-delayed sports events , documentaries , talk shows , news , and more .
Honey was included in Larry Flynt 's `` Hustler '' 's `` Top 50 Most Influential People In Porn '' list , printed in the January 1999 issue and in 2011 , he was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame .	Honey has also won a host of awards for the Ben Dover series including the Breakthrough Award at the AVN Awards in 1997 , AVN 's `` Best Gonzo '' Award twice ( in 2000 for `` Ben Dover 's End Games '' and in 2002 for `` Ben Dover 's The Booty Bandit '' ) .
The band uses a medieval theme during their live performances which are expressed through their stagecraft , costumes and choreography .	Their name is the German term for `` dancing mania '' , but is directly translated with `` dance-rage '' .
Formica rufibarbis is a European formicine ant of the `` Formica fusca '' group .	In the classification by Auguste Forel , it is treated in the subgenus `` Serviformica '' .
It was built between 1880 and 1910 to a Gothic Revival design by John Loughborough Pearson on the site of the parish church of St Mary .	It is one of only three cathedrals in the United Kingdom with three spires .
John Loughborough Pearson ( 5 July 1817 – 11 December 1897 ) was a Gothic Revival architect renowned for his work on churches and cathedrals .	Pearson revived and practised largely the art of vaulting , and acquired in it a proficiency unrivalled in his generation .
Landsberg is a `` Landkreis '' ( district ) in Bavaria , Germany .	It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Aichach-Friedberg , Fürstenfeldbruck , Starnberg , Weilheim-Schongau , Ostallgäu and Augsburg .
He was also responsible for a number of church buildings ( including commissions at Durham Cathedral ) .	Other historic buildings , in Gothic and neo-classical styles , included Durham Castle , Lambton Castle ( continuing the work started by his father ) , Durham Prison , Elvet Hill House ( 1820 ) , Burn Hall , Windlestone Hall and Eggleston Hall , all in County Durham .
Garmarna was founded in 1990 .	Stefan Brisland-Ferner , Gotte Ringqvist and Rickard Westman were inspired by old Swedish music , which they had heard in a theatre .
The erratic ant ( `` Tapinoma erraticum '' ) is a species of dolichoderine ant first described in 1789 by Latreille .	This species ranges throughout Central Europe from the mountains of south Italy to north Germany .
The tyranny of the majority ( or tyranny of the masses ) is an inherent weakness of majority rule in which the majority of an electorate can and does place its own interests above , and at the expense of , those in the minority .	This results in oppression of minority groups comparable to that of a tyrant or despot , argued John Stuart Mill in his 1859 book `` On Liberty '' .
General Dozier was the deputy Chief of Staff at NATO 's Southern European land forces headquarters at Verona , Italy .	The Red Brigades , in a statement to the press , stated the reason behind kidnapping an American general was that the US and Italian governments had enjoyed excellent diplomatic relations and that Dozier was an American soldier invited to work in Italy , which justified their abduction .
These should satisfy the homomorphism property up to a constant :	for some constants formula_4 .
The NAO was discovered through several studies in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .	Unlike the El Niño-Southern Oscillation phenomenon in the Pacific Ocean , the NAO is a largely atmospheric mode .
Atea , previously Ementor , is a Nordic IT infrastructure company .	It is headquartered in Oslo , Norway .
In 1898 he was awarded the `` syntonic '' ( or tuning ) patent by the United States Patent Office .	Lodge was Principal of the University of Birmingham from 1900 to 1920 .
Where a naturally sighted person only needs to move their eyes to see an object far to the side or far down , the eyeglass wearer may need to move their whole head to point the eyeglasses towards the target object .	The eyeglass frame also blocks the view of the world with a thin opaque boundary separating the lens area from the rest of the field of view .
It was founded in 1948 by left-wing members who broke with the main Kuomintang ( KMT ) during the Chinese Civil War , especially those who were against Chiang Kai-shek 's policies .	The party claims to be the true heir of Sun Yat-sen 's legacy .
In materials science , fatigue is the weakening of a material caused by repeatedly applied loads .	It is the progressive and localized structural damage that occurs when a material is subjected to cyclic loading .
The 2004 Tour de France was a multiple stage bicycle race held from 3 to 25 July , and the 91st edition of the Tour de France .	It has no overall winner—although American cyclist Lance Armstrong originally won the event , the United States Anti-Doping Agency announced in August 2012 that they had disqualified Armstrong from all his results since 1998 , including his seven Tour de France wins from 1999 to 2005 ; the Union Cycliste Internationale confirmed this verdict .
The IBM PC AT came with a 192-watt switching power supply .	According to IBM 's documentation , in order to function properly , the AT power supply needed a load of at least 7.0 amperes on the +5V line and a minimum of 2.5 amperes was on its +12V line .
Eli Biham ( ) is an Israeli cryptographer and cryptanalyst , currently a professor at the Technion Israeli Institute of Technology Computer Science department .	Starting from October 2008 and till 2013 , Biham was the dean of the Technion Computer Science department , after serving for two years as chief of CS graduate school .
It is sometimes also classified as Postmodernism .	The school of `` Confessional poetry '' was associated with several poets who redefined American poetry in the 1950s and 1960s , including Robert Lowell , Sylvia Plath , John Berryman , Anne Sexton , Allen Ginsberg , and W. D. Snodgrass .
His father was Charlie Soong and his siblings were the Soong sisters .	His Christian name was Paul , but he is generally known in English as T. V. Soong .
At the same time ( between 1917 and 1920 ) , he participated in Arnold Schoenberg 's seminar for composition and was active in the Schoenberg circle .	Schoenberg 's students included pianist Olga Novakovic and Hanns Eisler , with whom Ratz became friends .
Duchess Frederica was the niece of her future mother-in-law , Queen Charlotte , through her father .	Frederica 's mother died on 22 May 1782 after giving birth to her tenth child .
Psyllium is mainly used as a dietary fibre to relieve symptoms of both constipation and mild diarrhea and occasionally as a food thickener .	Research has shown lowering of blood cholesterol levels in people with elevated cholesterol , and lowering of blood glucose levels in people with type 2 diabetes .
It is now published by BB 2000 Ltd , which is wholly owned by The British Birds Charitable Trust ( registered charity number 1089422 ) , established for the benefit of British ornithology .	Its circulation in 2000 was 5,250 copies ; its circulation peaked at 11,000 in the late 1980s .
It drove in the Confederate left flank and allowed Hooker 's men to assist in the Battle of Missionary Ridge the following day , which routed Bragg 's army , lifting the siege of Union forces in Chattanooga , and opening the gateway into the Deep South .	After their disastrous defeat at the Battle of Chickamauga , the 40,000 men of the Union Army of the Cumberland under Maj. Gen. William Rosecrans retreated to Chattanooga , Tennessee .
He was the youngest of four sons of Joseph Gundry Alexander ( 1848–1918 ) , two other sons being the ornithologists Wilfred Backhouse Alexander and Christopher James Alexander ( 1887–1917 ) .	He was a friend of Mahatma Gandhi .
James Bond ( January 4 , 1900 – February 14 , 1989 ) was an American ornithologist and expert on the birds of the Caribbean .	His name was appropriated by writer Ian Fleming for his fictional British spy of the same name .
The , or , is an inland region on central Honshū in Japan .	It forms the central part of the Chūbu region .
Man'yōshū , the oldest existing collection of Japanese poetry , includes poems written in dialects of the capital ( Nara ) and eastern Japan , but other dialects were not recorded .	The recorded features of eastern dialects were rarely inherited by modern dialects , except for a few language islands such as Hachijo Island .
A theory `` T '' represents the computable function `` f '' : N→N if there exists a `` graph '' predicate Γ ( `` x '' , '' y '' ) in the language of `` T '' such that for each x in N , `` T '' proves	Here °x is the numeral corresponding to the natural number x , which is defined to be the closed term 1+ ··· +1 ( x ones ) , and ° '' f '' ( x ) is the numeral corresponding to `` f '' ( x ) .
Ibogaine , the active alkaloid , is also used to treat substance abuse disorders and depression .	A small amount of ibogaine , along with precursors of ibogaine , are found in `` Voacanga africana '' .
Melvin `` Block '' Van Peebles ( born August 21 , 1932 ) is an American actor , filmmaker , playwright , novelist and composer .	He is most famous for creating ( and starring in ) the acclaimed film `` Sweet Sweetback 's Baadasssss Song '' , which heralded a new era of African-American focused films .
We say two elements `` a '' and `` b '' of a partially ordered set are comparable if `` a '' ≤ `` b '' or `` b '' ≤ `` a '' .	If two elements are not comparable , we say they are incomparable ; that is , `` x '' and `` y '' are incomparable if neither `` x '' ≤ `` y '' nor `` y '' ≤ `` x '' .
In transcendental number theory , the Lindemann–Weierstrass theorem is a result that is very useful in establishing the transcendence of numbers .	It states the following .
Its name is a compound noun composed of the elements `` Lunde '' , meaning puffin ( Norwegian `` lunde '' `` puffin '' or `` lundefugl '' `` puffin bird '' ) , and `` hund '' , meaning dog .	The breed was originally developed for the hunting of puffins and their eggs .
Jackie Chan Adventures is an animated television series starring the adventures of a fictionalized version of Hong Kong action film star Jackie Chan .	Many of the episodes contained references to Chan 's actual works .
Oliver & Company is a 1988 American animated musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released on November 18 , 1988 , by Walt Disney Pictures .	The 27th Disney animated feature film , the film is based on the classic Charles Dickens novel `` Oliver Twist '' , which has been adapted many other times for the screen .
King Xerxes had amassed a huge army and navy , and set out to conquer all of Greece .	The Athenian general Themistocles proposed that the Allied Greeks block the advance of the Persian army at the pass of Thermopylae and simultaneously block the Persian navy at the Straits of Artemisium .
It was written by John Hughes ( under the pseudonym Edmond Dantès ) and Amy Holden Jones .	The story centers on a St. Bernard dog named after the composer Ludwig van Beethoven and owned by the Newton family .
`` Yamashiro '' was formerly written with the characters meaning `` mountain '' ( ) and `` era '' ( ) ; in the 7th century , there were things built listing the name of the province with the characters for `` mountain '' and `` ridge '' / '' back '' ( ) .	On 4 December 794 ( 8 Shimotsuki , 13th year of Enryaku ) , at the time of the establishment of Heian-kyō , because Emperor Kanmu made his new capital utilize the surroundings as natural fortification , the character for `` shiro '' was finally changed to `` castle '' ( ) .
Testimonials can be part of communal marketing .	Sometimes , the cartoon character can be a testimonial in a commercial .
The film grossed $ 20.3 million during its theatrical run .	In 1989 , both O'Hanlon and Blanc died during production of the film , which was dedicated to both their memories .
The provinces were ruled subsequently by Toyotomi Hideyoshi .	The regents of Hideyoshi 's son soon quarreled , and when Ishida Mitsunari lost the Battle of Sekigahara , the area was given to relatives of Tokugawa Ieyasu .
Let `` a '' , `` b '' , `` c '' ∈ `` G '' , we say that `` ( G , ≤ ) '' is a	Note that `` G '' need not be abelian , even though we use additive notation ( + ) for the group operation .
Kawachi was divided into three : , , and .	Kawachi province was established in the 7th century .
This is particularly true since the early 1960s when the British Invasion led by The Beatles , helped to secure British performers a major place in development of pop and rock music , which has been revisited at various times , with genres originating in or being radically developed by British musicians , including : blues rock , heavy metal music , progressive rock , punk rock , British folk rock , folk punk , acid jazz , drum and bass , grime , dubstep and Britpop .	Commercial music enjoyed by the people can be seen to originate in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries with the arrival of the broadside ballad , which were sold cheaply and in great numbers until the nineteenth century .
With 78 327 inhabitants , Banská Bystrica is the sixth most populous municipality in Slovakia .	The present town was founded by German settlers , however it was built upon a former Slavic settlement .
Nitra ( ; also known by other alternative names ) is a city in western Slovakia , situated at the foot of Zobor Mountain in the valley of the river Nitra .	With a population of about 77,048 , it is the fifth-largest city in Slovakia .
It is the biggest town of the Spiš region and the tenth largest city in Slovakia , with a population of approximately 50,000 .	The Poprad-Tatry Airport is an international airport located just outside the city .
Trenčín ( , also known by other alternative names ) is a city in western Slovakia of the central Váh River valley near the Czech border , around from Bratislava .	It has a population of more than 55,000 , which makes it the eighth largest municipality of the country and is the seat of the Trenčín Region and the Trenčín District .
Trnava ( , also known by other alternative names ) is a city in western Slovakia , to the north-east of Bratislava , on the Trnávka river .	It is the capital of a `` kraj '' ( Trnava Region ) and of an `` okres '' ( Trnava District ) .
It is a seat of an `` okres '' ( Zvolen District ) .	The name is of Slovak ( Slavic ) origin meaning `` the chosen one , splendid , excellent '' .
The smaller part , based on the former suburb of Újszőny , is in present-day Hungary as Komárom ( the historical Hungarian town had the same name ) .	Komárno and Komárom are connected by the Elisabeth Bridge , which used to be a border crossing between Slovakia and Hungary until border checks were lifted due to the Schengen Area rules .
For its size , the caldera is known as Štiavnica Mountains .	Banská Štiavnica has a population of more than 10,000 .
The town is situated below the Bojnice Castle , which is built on travertine rock with a natural cave .	The castle has appeared in many international films and a well-known international festival of spectres takes place there every year .
It is a road and railway hub of southern Slovakia .	The town lies in the temperate zone and has a continental climate .
The Váh ( ; ; ; ) is the longest river within Slovakia .	Towns on the river include Liptovský Hrádok , Liptovský Mikuláš , Ružomberok , Vrútky , Žilina , Bytča , Považská Bystrica , Púchov , Ilava , Dubnica nad Váhom , Nemšová , Trenčín , Nové Mesto nad Váhom , Piešťany , Hlohovec , Sereď , Šaľa , Kolárovo and Komárno .
The river 's basin covers approximately 11 percent of Slovakia 's territory .	The name is probably of Germanic origin ; `` *Granahua '' : `` gran '' – spruce , `` ahua '' – water .
Its territory is now in southern Slovakia and northern Hungary .	Today Gömör is only an informal designation of the corresponding territory .
The name is probably related to the appelative `` spiška '' , `` špiška '' known from Slovak ( Eastern Slovakia and Orava ) and Moravian dialects ( Haná ) - a ( cutted ) stick , a piece of wood or sugar , etc .	Old Slavic `` pьchjati '' , `` pichjati '' - to stab , to cut → prefixed form sъ-pich-jь → after patalization and extinction of yers `` spiš '' .
Its territory is now in northern Slovakia .	Liptó county shared borders with the Austrian land Galicia and the Hungarian counties Árva , Turóc , Zólyom , Gömör-Kishont and Szepes .
Zemplén county shared borders with Poland ( during some periods the Austrian crownland Galicia ) and the Hungarian counties Sáros , Abaúj-Torna , Borsod , Szabolcs and Ung .	It was situated in the easternmost strip of what is now Slovakia ( except for the region between Vihorlatské vrchy and the Latorica river ) , plus a strip along the Bodrog and Tisza rivers in present-day Hungary .
Persona was purchased by EastLink in 2007 .	At that point it ceased to be an independent company , and the Persona name survived only as the brand name of some of EastLink 's operations in Western Canada , before the transition to the EastLink brand was completed in 2010 .
Its territory is now in southern Slovakia ( 3/4 ) and northern Hungary ( 1/4 ) .	Today , in Slovakia Hont is the informal designation of the corresponding territory and an official tourist region .
Nógrád ( , ; ) is a county ( ) of Hungary .	Nógrád county lies in northern Hungary .
His 1900 doctoral thesis was about Clifford 's parallelism in elliptic spaces .	After earning his doctorate , he took up a series of professorships .
Abov is situated some 20 km to both sides along the Hornád river ( in Hungarian : `` Hernád '' ) around Košice .	The ( whole ) county arose in the second half of the 13th century from the `` comitatus Novi Castri '' ( named after `` Novum Castrum '' , today Abaújvár ) , which also included the later counties Šariš and Heves .
In calculus an iterated integral is the result of applying integrals to a function of more than one variable ( for example formula_1 or formula_2 ) in a way that each of the integrals considers some of the variables as given constants .	For example , the function formula_1 , if formula_4 is considered a given parameter , can be integrated with respect to formula_5 , formula_6 .
It encompasses the territory of the former ( comitatus ) Sáros county .	Šariš county was created before the 13th century from the `` comitatus Novi Castri '' ( named after `` Novum Castrum '' , today Abaújvár ) , which also included the later counties Abov and Heves .
The northern part was called , and the southern part .	Izumi included the southern portion of the large seaport of Sakai , and was usually held by whomever ruled Osaka Castle and Settsu Province .
In north of Otsu , one of the most important monastery Enryaku-ji is located on Mount Hiei .	Hōjō Tokimasa , the first `` shikken '' of the Kamakura shogunate , was made daimyō of Ōmi Province in the 10th month of `` Shōji '' 2 ( 1200 ) .
It consists of two districts : Čadca and Kysucké Nové Mesto .	The region is surrounded by the numerous mountain ranges , for example Javorníky with the highest hill Veľký Javorník ( 1071m ) in the west , the Moravian-Silesian Beskids with the highest hill Veľký Polom ( 1 067m ) in the north .
By tradition , those who held the `` kabane '' of `` omi '' were considered , and they claimed that they were descendants of Emperor Kōgen , although there is no historical evidence to support this .	The most powerful `` omi '' added the prefix to the `` omi '' title , and were referred to as .
This is a list of counties of the Kingdom of Hungary , which are fully or partially located in present-day Slovakia .	The territory of present-day Slovakia was part of the Kingdom of Hungary until 1920 .
No record remains of the reasons for their establishment .	Both new provinces were unusually small and contained secondary palaces : the in the Yoshino province and the Chinu Palace in Izumi .
Although the ancient provincial capital was near Tarui , the main castle town was at Gifu , the home of Inabayama Castle .	In 713 , the road crossing through Mino and Shinano provinces was widened to accommodate increasing numbers of travelers .
The Maratha were a Marathi warrior group from the western Deccan Plateau ( present-day Maharashtra ) who rose to prominence by establishing a Hindavi Swarajya ( meaning `` self-rule of Hindu/Indian people '' ) .	The Maratha became prominent in the 17th century under the leadership of Shivaji , who revolted against the Adil Shahi dynasty and the Mughal Empire , and carved out a kingdom with Raigad as his capital .
The Forest of Bowland has been designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONB ) since 1964 .	The Forest of Bowland AONB also includes a detached part known as the Forest of Pendle separated from the main part by the Ribble Valley , and anciently a forest with its own separate history .
He previously served as Premier from 2002 to 2005 .	As one of the founding members of the DPP , he is seen as a loyalist of President Chen Shui-bian .
Hida traditionally had strong economic and cultural ties with the neighboring Etchū Province due to the ease of transportation and poor connections to the Pacific coast , from which it was blocked by mountain ranges and poor transportation .	Historically the region was written as `` Yota '' or `` Wita '' .
Currently the game contains 133 different countries plus the Hattrick International ( only for HT-Supporters ) , each with its own league pyramid , and 53 different language versions .	As of December 2018 , the community of the game has about 230,000 users world wide , each with their own team .
Due to its high amounts of iron , it is slightly magnetic .	The rocks were discovered by settlers hundreds of years ago , and were initially deemed valuable for the manufacture of cannon and farm tools in the 18th and 19th centuries .
In 713 , with the standardization of province names into two `` kanji '' , these names became and .	From the Heian period , from the year 811 , Kōzuke ( along with Hitachi and Kazusa ) was one of the three provinces where an Imperial Prince was designated as nominal ruler .
He practiced law from 1954 until 1974 as a member of the Patras Bar Association .	He first stood for election in 1958 , with the National Radical Union and was elected for the first time as MP for Achaea Prefecture in 1964 .
At some unknown point in the 5th century , the area was divided at the Kinugawa River into and .	Per the Nara period Taihō Code , these provinces became and .
The area of Dewa District was roughly that of the modern Shōnai area of Yamagata Prefecture , and was gradually extended to the north as the Japanese pushed back the indigenous people of northern Honshū .	Dewa District was promoted to the status of a province ( ) in 712 AD , and gained Okitama and Mogami Districts , formerly part of Mutsu Province .
Mutsu , on northern Honshū , was one of the last provinces to be formed as land was taken from the indigenous Emishi and became the largest as it expanded northward .	The ancient regional capital of the Kinai government was Tagajō in present-day Miyagi Prefecture .
Abolished and returned to Mutsu sometime between 722 and 724 .	Kikuta moved to Mutsu at that time .
The Yōrō Ritsuryo established the Iwase Province in 718 through the division of the Michinoku Province ( Mutsu Province ) .	It was composed of five districts of Shirakawa ( 白河 ) , Iwase ( 石背 ) , Aizu ( 会津 ) , Asaka ( 安積 ) and Shinobu ( 信夫 ) .
The Speaker of the House of Commons is `` ex officio '' chairman of each of the boundary commissions .	However , the Speaker does not play any part in proceedings , and a Justice is appointed to each boundary commission as Deputy Chairman Commissioner .
Critics have classified `` Maus '' as memoir , biography , history , fiction , autobiography , or a mix of genres .	In 1992 , it became the first graphic novel to win a Pulitzer Prize ( the Special Award in Letters ) .
Panzerkampfwagen VIII Maus ( `` Mouse '' ) was a German World War II super-heavy tank completed in late 1944 .	It is the heaviest fully enclosed armoured fighting vehicle ever built .
Born in Chiayi City in the then Japanese colony of Taiwan on 3 January 1939 , Siew graduated from Chiayi High School in 1957 .	In 1961 , he graduated from the Department of Diplomacy at National Chengchi University ( NCCU ) .
Etymologically , the name comes from the Sanskrit words `` चन्द्र ( `` candra '' ) '' , meaning `` moon '' , and `` शेखर ( `` śekhara '' ) '' , meaning `` crest '' or `` crown '' , which is an epithet of the Shiva .	The name may refer to :
Bell 's later career includes entrepreneur , investor , founding Assistant Director of NSF 's Computing and Information Science and Engineering Directorate 1986-1987 , and researcher emeritus at Microsoft Research , 1995–2015 .	Chester Gordon Bell was born in Kirksville , Missouri .
Fotini G. Markopoulou-Kalamara ( ; born April 3 , 1971 ) is a Greek theoretical physicist interested in foundational mathematics and quantum mechanics .	She was a faculty member at Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics and was an adjunct professor at the University of Waterloo .
Gulf of Sirte ( , `` Khalij Surt '' ) , or Gulf of Sidra ( , `` Khalij as-Sidra '' ) after the port of Sidra , is a body of water in the Mediterranean Sea on the northern coast of Libya .	Historically it has been also known as the Great Sirte or Greater Syrtis ( Latin : `` Syrtis Major '' , Greek : , contrasting with `` Syrtis Minor '' in Tunisia ) .
The film was released in 1961 and , under the copyright laws in the United States at the time of its release , has lapsed into the public domain and is available from the Prelinger Archives .	The film , shot partially in the Los Angeles suburb of Inglewood , California , and produced with the cooperation of the city 's police department and the Inglewood Unified School District , is narrated by a police detective on his way to a school meeting to discuss the issue of sexual predators who attempt to lure young adolescent males .
He was Hong Kong 's most famous writer .	His wuxia novels have a widespread following in Chinese communities worldwide .
Robert Lee Holden Jr. ( born August 24 , 1949 ) is an American politician .	A member of the Democratic Party , he served as the 53rd Governor of Missouri from 2001 to 2005 .
Eleonora 's falcon is named after Eleanor of Arborea , Queen ( `` Juighissa '' ) and national heroine of Sardinia , who granted for the first time in history the protection of bird nests against illegal hunters in 1392 under the jurisdiction conferred by the Carta de Logu .	The genus name `` falco '' is from Late Latin `` falx '' , `` falcis '' , a sickle , referring to the claws of the bird .
VC refers to the station 's PSIP virtual channel .	RF refers to the station 's physical RF channel .
It is the site of historic Jamestown , founded in 1607 as the first English settlement in North America .	Geographically located at the northwestern reaches , Charles City and New Kent counties are part of the Virginia Peninsula .
Excavations of the ancient city began in the 1890s and have been conducted since 1964 by the Greek Archaeological Service ( 11th Ephorate of Antiquities ) and the Swiss School of Archaeology in Greece .	The first evidence for human activity in the area of Eretria are pottery shards and stone artifacts from the late Neolithic period ( 3500-3000 BC ) found on the Acropolis as well as in the plain .
This species breeds from the Mediterranean across Afghanistan and Central Asia , to China and Mongolia .	It is a summer migrant , wintering in Africa and Pakistan and sometimes even to India and Iraq .
The term has been used by Catholics , Anglicans and the Eastern Orthodox .	Although the term `` encyclical '' originally simply meant a circulating letter , it acquired a more specific meaning within the context of the Catholic Church .
Chang Chau-hsiung ( ; born 3 February 1942 ) is a Taiwanese physician and politician .	He has served as the vice-chairman of People First Party since 2000 .
Delphi 's compilers use their own Object Pascal dialect of Pascal and generate native code for Microsoft Windows , macOS ( IA-32 only ) , iOS , Android and Linux ( x64 only ) .	Since 2016 , there have been new releases of Delphi every six months , with new platforms being added approximately every second release .
Its theater had a capacity of 20,000 visitors , making it one of the largest ancient Greek theaters .	Megalopoli has several schools , shops , churches , hotels and other services .
The American Ornithologists ' Union uses the generic term `` parakeet '' for all species elsewhere called `` conure '' , though Joseph Forshaw , a prominent Australian ornithologist , uses `` conure '' .	Conures are either large parakeets or small parrots found in the Western Hemisphere .
Ontario 's first premier was John Sandfield Macdonald , in office from 1867 to 1871 .	The longest serving premier in Ontario history was Sir Oliver Mowat , in office from 1872 to 1896 .
Mofford was born Rose Perica in Globe , Arizona , on June 10 , 1922 , the youngest of six children .	Her parents , Frances ( Oberstar ) and John Perica , had immigrated to the United States from Croatia , then part of Austria–Hungary .
Brown was born in Montrose on 21 December 1773 .	He was the son of James Brown , a minister in the Scottish Episcopal Church with Jacobite convictions so strong that in 1788 he defied his church 's decision to give allegiance to George III .
Gennadiy Nikolayevich Nikonov ( ; August 11 , 1950 - May 14 , 2003 ) was a Russian gun engineer .	His most famous accomplishments were probably as the designer of the AN-94 assault rifle , and the `` straight-back bolt . ''
The Linnean Society of London is a society dedicated to the study of , and the dissemination of information concerning , natural history , evolution , and taxonomy .	It possesses several important biological specimen , manuscript and literature collections and publishes academic journals and books on plant and animal biology .
In most programming languages , all basic data types are built-in .	In addition , many languages also provide a set of composite data types .
Woods is later fired because of this mistreatment and for failing his physical .	Simms sees this assignment as undesirable , but a possible stepping stone to protecting the President .
It is a popular stopping place for travellers on the Princes Highway which runs through the centre of town .	In recent years , Milton has undergone a resurgence largely influenced by the local tourism industry and an influx of residents to the district seeking a seachange .
Even after independence , Bolivian music was largely based on European forms .	In 1952 , a revolution established nationalistic reforms which included cultural and political awareness of the Aymara and Quechua natives .
The short story involves Mr. and Mrs. White and their adult son , Herbert .	Sergeant-Major Morris , a friend who served with the British Army in India , introduces them to a mummified monkey 's paw .
Chilean music refers to all kinds of music developed in Chile , or by Chileans in other countries , from the arrival of the Spanish conquistadors to the modern day .	It also includes the native pre-Columbian music from what is today Chilean territory .
Andean influences can perhaps be best heard in wind instruments and the shape of the melodies , while the African influences can be heard in the rhythm and percussion instruments , and European influences can be heard in the harmonies and stringed instruments .	Pre-Columbian Andean music was played on drums and wind instruments , not unlike the European pipe and tabor tradition .
It had an area of 1,987 sq mi ( 5,146 km² ) , with a population of 680,422 in 1900 .	The capital was Opava .
It is my hope that this book may serve the State by adding to their number .	Its object is to increase the joys of marriage , and to show how much sorrow may be avoided ' .
Ulladulla is a coastal town in New South Wales , Australia in the City of Shoalhaven local government area .	It is on the Princes Highway about south of Sydney , half way between Batemans Bay to the south and Nowra to the north .
Born to a wealthy Puritan family in Northampton , England , Bradstreet was a well-read scholar especially affected by the works of Du Bartas .	A mother of eight children and the wife of a public officer in the New England community , Bradstreet wrote poetry in addition to her other duties .
Its borders with Cabinda , Cameroons , and the Congo Free State were established by treaties over the next decade .	The plan to develop the colony was to grant massive concessions to some thirty French companies .
The office of Speaker was created by section 35 of the Constitution of Australia .	The authors of the Constitution intended that the House of Representatives should as nearly as possible be modelled on the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .
The notion of recreating the ancient library was adopted by other individuals and agencies .	One leading supporter of the project was former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak ; UNESCO was also quick to embrace the concept of endowing the Mediterranean region with a center of cultural and scientific excellence .
In relation to the Japanese language and computers many adaptation issues arise , some unique to Japanese and others common to languages which have a very large number of characters .	The number of characters needed in order to write English is very small , and thus it is possible to use only one byte to encode one English character .
It is the newest national park of New Zealand and opened in 2002 .	The protected area covers about 85 % of the island .
Bergedorf ( ) is the largest of the seven boroughs of Hamburg , Germany , named after a quarter within this borough .	In 2016 the population of the borough was 126,395 .
Hull was the first woman formally elected as Governor of Arizona , and the second woman to serve in the office after Rose Mofford .	She is a member of the Republican Party .
Yiannis Chryssomallis ( , born November 14 , 1954 ) , known professionally as Yanni ( ) , is a Greek composer , keyboardist , pianist , and music producer who has resided in the United States during his adult life .	Yanni continues to use the musical shorthand that he developed as a child , blending jazz , classical , soft rock , and world music to create predominantly instrumental works .
Orazio Vecchi ( 6 December 1550 ( baptized ) in Modena – 19 February 1605 ) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance .	He is most famous for his madrigal comedies , particularly L'amfiparnaso .
Snot is an American funk metal band from Santa Barbara , California .	Formed in 1995 , the band released their only studio album `` Get Some '' with founding vocalist Lynn Strait in 1997 and disbanded after his death in 1998 .
Lucius Licinius Lucullus was a Roman politician who became consul in 151 BC .	Lucullus was sent to Hispania Citerior ( Nearer Spain , on the east coast of Hispania ) when the senate rejected a proposal for a peace treaty with the Celtiberians by Marcus Claudius Marcellus to end the Numantine War ( 154–152 BC ) .
His command style received unusually favourable attention from ancient military experts , and his campaigns appear to have been studied as examples of skillful generalship .	Lucullus returned to Rome from the east with so much captured booty that the whole could not be fully accounted , and poured enormous sums into private building , husbandry and even aquaculture projects which shocked and amazed his contemporaries by their magnitude .
Cantwell is the ranking member on the United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources .	While Democrats were in the majority , she was Chair of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship from 2014 to 2015 and of the Committee on Indian Affairs from 2013 to 2014 .
They are also roughly divided by primary use , whether for eggs , meat , or ornamental purposes , and with some considered to be dual-purpose .	In the 21st century , chickens are frequently bred according to predetermined breed standards set down by governing organizations .
Russell Louis `` Rusty '' Schweickart ( also Schweikart ; born October 25 , 1935 ) is an American aeronautical engineer , and a former NASA astronaut , research scientist , U.S. Air Force fighter pilot , as well as a former business executive and government executive .	Selected in 1963 for NASA 's third astronaut group , he is best known as the Lunar Module Pilot on the 1969 Apollo 9 mission , the first manned flight test of the lunar module , on which he performed the first in-space test of the portable life support system used by the Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon .
Of 70 communities , homosexuality was reported to be absent or rare in frequency in 41 , and present or not uncommon in 29 .	It was frequent in ancient Greece .
Gallus was the son of Gaius Cestius Gallus , ordinary consul in 35 .	Gallus was Legate of Syria from 63 or 65 .
It was established in 1964 as `` Scarborough College '' , a constituent college of the Faculty of Arts and Science .	The college expanded into a mid-sized university following its designation as an autonomic division of the university in 1972 .
The same publication named Li as 385th in the list of the world 's billionaires , with an estimated fortune of $ 4.3 billion .	Li attended St. Paul 's Co-educational College in Hong Kong and left at age thirteen to be educated at Menlo School in Atherton , California .
Bus rapid transit ( BRT ) , also called a busway or transitway , is a bus-based public transport system designed to improve capacity and reliability relative to a conventional bus system .	Typically , a BRT system includes roadways that are dedicated to buses , and gives priority to buses at intersections where buses may interact with other traffic ; alongside design features to reduce delays caused by passengers boarding or leaving buses , or purchasing fares .
As a non-governmental organization it has conducted two lines of related research to help detect NEOs that could one day strike the Earth , and find the technological means to divert their path to avoid such collisions .	It also assisted the Association of Space Explorers in helping the United Nations establish the International Asteroid Warning Network , as well as a Space Missions Planning Advisory Group to provide oversight on proposed asteroid deflection missions .
The party has been led by Premier Doug Ford since March 10 , 2018 .	It has governed the province for 80 of the years since Confederation , including an uninterrupted run from 1943 to 1985 .
The story is set over the years 1588–1593 and concerns a retired Cornish seafaring gentleman , Sir Oliver Tressilian , who is villainously betrayed by a jealous half-brother .	After being forced to serve as a slave on a galley , Sir Oliver is liberated by Barbary pirates .
Pal Ëngjëlli is reported to have been a friend , co-worker and close counselor of Skanderbeg .	As his envoy , he frequently traveled abroad , seeking for aid in the war against the Ottoman Empire .
On 6 July 2017 , Hau attended an academic meeting in Nanjing about the history of the Second Sino-Japanese War , making him the first former ROC premier to visit Mainland China since the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 .	Born to a well-to-do family in Yancheng , Jiangsu on 13 July 1919 , Hau received a military education from the Republic of China Military Academy , National Defense University , U.S. Army Command and General Staff College , and the War College , Armed Forces University .
the four long poems in T. S. Eliot 's `` Four Quartets '' ) to several hundred poems ( as is often seen in collections of haiku ) .	Typically the poems included in single volume of poetry , or a cycle of poems , are linked by their style or thematic material .
Works are classified by the BBFC under an age-rated system ( see motion picture rating systems ) ; it is an offence under the Act to supply video works to individuals who are ( or appear to be ) under the age of the classification designated .	Works that are refused classification can not , under the Act , be legally sold or supplied to anyone of any age unless it is educational , or to do with a sport , religion or music and does not depict violence , sex or incite a criminal offence .
The Sydney games were the 11th Summer Paralympic Games , where an estimated 3,800 athletes took part in the programme .	They commenced with the opening ceremony on 18 October 2000 .
This is a list of notable content management systems that are used to organize and facilitate collaborative content creation .	Many of them are built on top of separate content management frameworks .
If `` f '' is a function from real numbers to real numbers , then `` f '' is nowhere continuous if for each point `` x '' there is an such that for each we can find a point `` y '' such that and .	Therefore , no matter how close we get to any fixed point , there are even closer points at which the function takes not-nearby values .
She is known for her role as Celia Hodes in the Showtime TV series `` Weeds '' , for which she received three Primetime Emmy nominations and two Golden Globe nominations .	Perkins was born in Queens , New York , the daughter of Jo Williams , a drug treatment counselor and concert pianist , and James Perkins , a farmer , writer , and businessman .
`` Star Wars Galaxies '' continued operation for six more years .	The servers shut down on December 15 , 2011 .
Hussing won four medals at the European championships in 1969–1979 , missing the 1977 tournament again due to a boycott .	Domestically he won a record of 16 titles in 1969–83 and 1985 .
He reached the quarterfinal round in the World Championships in Havana , 1974 .	Biegalski 's greatest success came with gold in European Championship in Katowice , Poland , June 1975 when he beat Peter Hussing from Germany by a heavy KO .
Suggestions to extend the definition to include the protection of non-human species or the protection of the environment are controversial '' .	Exposure can be from a radiation source external to the human body or due to the bodily intake of a radioactive material .
Between 1971 and 1991 , he played for the Montreal Canadiens , New York Rangers and Quebec Nordiques in an NHL career spanning 17 seasons , and five Stanley Cup championships ( all with the Canadiens ) .	In 2017 Lafleur was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players ' in history .
They claimed they were `` brought together by an ancient prophecy '' .	The band 's debut album `` Money Money 2020 '' was released in September 2003 on Green Day singer Billie Joe Armstrong 's record label Adeline Records .
URNs were originally conceived to be part of a three-part information architecture for the Internet , along with Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) and Uniform Resource Characteristics ( URCs ) , a metadata framework .	As described in the 1994 < nowiki > RFC < /nowiki > 1737 , and later in the 1997 < nowiki > RFC < /nowiki > 2141 , URNs were distinguished from URLs , which identify resources by specifying their locations in the context of a particular access protocol , such as HTTP or FTP .
It is actually closer to Charlton than to Greenwich , however , it is at the northernmost tip of the Royal Borough of Greenwich , which perhaps provides the best explanation of the name .	The tube station was opened in 1999 .
Dundee went to New York and later to Miami where he learned many of the strategies of a boxer 's cornerman while acting as a `` bucket man '' to the great trainers of Stillman 's Gym .	There , his mentors included Charlie Goldman , Ray Arcel and Chickie Ferrera .
It is down the line from .	Maze Hill station opened in 1873 by the South Eastern Railway ( SER ) and for five years functioned as a terminus on a line linked to the North Kent Line just west of Charlton .
Mouzon is better known in the boxing world for his results against two former world champions : Ike Williams and Bob Montgomery .	He drew with Williams , and beat Montgomery by knockout .
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway in 1879 , the year after the through line from Greenwich to Maze Hill was finally completed .	This connected the original London and Greenwich Railway to the North Kent Line just west of Charlton .
The Northern League is a men 's football league in north east England for semi-professional and amateur teams .	Having been founded in 1889 , it is the second-oldest football league in the world still in existence after the English Football League .
The road is managed by Transport for London ( TfL ) .	The tunnel was originally opened as a single bore in 1897 by the then Prince of Wales , as a major transport project to improve commerce and trade in London 's East End , and supported a mix of foot , cycle , horse-drawn and vehicular traffic .
It was formally opened in 1908 by George , Prince of Wales ( later King George V ) , and Richard Robinson , Chairman of the London County Council .	It is an extremely rare example of a road tunnel where road traffic , pedestrians and cyclists all share the same tunnel bore .
Mamaia lies on a strip of land in length and only in width , between the Black Sea and Lake Siutghiol .	The beach season is at its best between mid June and early September , when average daytime temperatures range between .
The tunnel was designed by civil engineer Sir Alexander Binnie for London County Council and constructed by contractor John Cochrane & Co .	The project started in June 1899 and the tunnel opened on 4 August 1902 .
Greenwich Park is a former hunting park in Greenwich and one of the largest single green spaces in south-east London .	One of the Royal Parks of London , and the first to be enclosed ( in 1433 ) , it covers , and is part of the Greenwich World Heritage Site .
It had the same body shell as the 93 but used a different interior and a high-output Saab two-stroke engine .	Rear-hinged doors were offered on the 1958 model year only .
Pirates ( also known as Pirates XXX ) is a 2005 American pornographic action-adventure film written , produced , and directed by Joone , and produced by Digital Playground and Adam & Eve .	The film , starring Jesse Jane , Carmen Luvana , Janine Lindemulder , Devon , Jenaveve Jolie , Teagan Presley , and Evan Stone , features many references to the mainstream Hollywood film `` '' .
Newman was honored with the Richard Kirk award at the 2000 BMI Film and TV Awards .	The award is given annually to a composer who has made significant contributions to film and television music .
It is currently a prison island , so it is prohibited to fly over the island or fish near its shores .	The Roman authors Pliny the Elder and Strabo called the island Besbicus ( ) .
The Woolwich Ferry is a free vehicle ferry service across the River Thames in East London , connecting Woolwich to the south with North Woolwich to the north .	It is licensed and financed by London River Services , the maritime arm of Transport for London ( TfL ) .
They were also the first ever Paralympics at any event in France .	They were held in Tignes and Albertville , France , from March 25 to April 1 , 1992 .
The wattled crane ( `` Grus carunculata '' ) is a large bird found in Africa , south of the Sahara Desert .	It is sometimes placed in the monotypic genus `` Bugeranus '' .
The museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .	Like other publicly funded national museums in the United Kingdom , the National Maritime Museum does not levy an admission charge , although most temporary exhibitions do incur admission charges .
This is a list of postal codes in Canada where the first letter is K. Postal codes beginning with K are located within the Canadian province of Ontario .	Only the first three characters are listed , corresponding to the Forward Sortation Area .
Crieff ( ; , meaning `` tree '' ) is a market town in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .	It lies on the A85 road between Perth and Crianlarich , and the A822 between Greenloaning and Aberfeldy .
`` Westcombe '' is a topographical place name , derived from `` Combe '' , a common old English word for 'valley ' , often formed into a compound name - in this case with the adjective 'West ' .	Much of Westcombe Park lies within the Westcombe Park Conservation Area , designated in 2002 .
Federal Parliament meetings were held in Melbourne until 1927 .	Between 1927 and 1988 , the Parliament of Australia met in the Provisional Parliament House , which is now known as `` Old Parliament House '' .
Embrithopods were rhinoceros-like herbivorous mammals with plantigrade feet , and desmostylians were hippopotamus-like amphibious animals .	Their walking posture and diet have been the subject of speculation , but tooth wear indicates that desmostylians browsed on terrestrial plants and had a posture similar to other large hoofed mammals .
The regular creation of knights of Saint Patrick lasted until 1922 , when most of Ireland gained independence as the Irish Free State , a dominion within what was then known as the British Commonwealth of Nations .	While the Order technically still exists , no knight of St Patrick has been created since 1936 , and the last surviving knight , Prince Henry , Duke of Gloucester , died in 1974 .
The name refers the blue envelops in which the Dutch tax administration sends its mail in , i.a .	the tax assessments , in Dutch called `` aanslag '' .
Ontario 's 7000 series are not marked with their highway number but have been assigned one by the Ministry of Transportation .	A number of highways in all provinces are better known locally by their name rather than their number .
All of Alberta 's provincial highways are maintained by Alberta Transportation ( AT ) , a department of the Government of Alberta .	The network includes two distinct series of highways .
Another well-known Tubb hit was `` Waltz Across Texas '' ( 1965 ) ( written by his nephew Quanah Talmadge Tubb , known professionally as Billy Talmadge ) , which became one of his most requested songs and is often used in dance halls throughout Texas during waltz lessons .	Tubb recorded duets with the then up-and-coming Loretta Lynn in the early 1960s , including their hit `` Sweet Thang '' .
Royal Air Force Woodvale or RAF Woodvale is a Royal Air Force Station located next to the town of Formby in an area called Woodvale which is located to the south of Southport , Merseyside .	Woodvale was constructed as an all-weather night fighter airfield for the defence of Liverpool .
The church is dedicated to Alfege ( also spelt `` Alphege '' ) , Archbishop of Canterbury , and reputedly marks the place where he was martyred on 19 April 1012 , having been taken prisoner during the sack of Canterbury by Danish raiders the previous year .	The Danes took him to their camp at Greenwich and killed him when the large ransom they demanded was not forthcoming .
The early jet fighters consumed fuel at a prodigious rate , which severely limited their range and endurance .	In March 1944 , the United States Army Air Forces requested Bell to design a fighter with increased endurance , and formally awarded a contract for two prototypes on 31 July 1944 .
It runs northeast/southwest through the cities of Kitchener and Waterloo , and is connected to Highway 401 via the Highway 8 `` Freeport Diversion '' and King Street East .	The name `` Conestoga Parkway '' is not a formal designation , but rather a local name applied to the divided expressway portions of Highway 7 , Highway 8 and Highway 85 through Kitchener and Waterloo .
Underdog , Shoeshine Boy 's heroic alter ego , appears whenever love interest Sweet Polly Purebred is being victimized by such villains as Simon Bar Sinister or Riff Raff .	Underdog nearly always speaks in rhyming couplets , as in `` There 's no need to fear , Underdog is here ! ''
Other notable films include `` Boys and Girls '' ( 2000 ) , `` The Medallion '' ( 2003 ) and `` In the Name of the King '' ( 2007 ) .	Forlani also has appeared in numerous TV films and series , including her starring role on the historical-fantasy-drama series `` Camelot '' , and her recurring roles on the CBS action series `` '' , `` '' , and `` Hawaii Five-0 '' .
The XP-52 design was begun by the Bell Company in 1940 , separate from the R-40C competition , under the Air Material Command designator MX-3 .	The short fuselage carried a piston engine in the rear , driving a pair of contra-rotating propellers in a pusher configuration .
Horn clauses are named for the logician Alfred Horn , who first pointed out their significance in 1951 .	A Horn clause is a clause ( a disjunction of literals ) with at most one positive , i.e .
He was raised in a Protestant , middle-class family comprising his father , Hiram Mead , his mother , Elizabeth Storrs ( Billings ) Mead , and his sister Alice .	His father was a former Congregationalist Pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College 's theological seminary .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 16 , 2003 .	In this episode , Bart discovers that he used to be a child star in commercials—and that Homer spent all the money he earned .
In 2015 , the Indian economy was the world 's seventh largest by nominal GDP and third largest by purchasing power parity .	Following market-based economic reforms in 1991 , India became one of the fastest-growing major economies and is considered a newly industrialised country .
Examples include free groups , tensor algebras , or free lattices .	Informally , a free object over a set `` A '' can be thought of as being a `` generic '' algebraic structure over `` A '' : the only equations that hold between elements of the free object are those that follow from the defining axioms of the algebraic structure .
Quirino Cristiani was born on July 2 , 1896 , in Santa Giuletta , Italy .	His family moved to Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1900 , and Quirino spent his childhood soaking up the fast pace and left-leaning politics of the great southern metropolis .
The Old German Baptist Brethren ( OGBB ) is a conservative Plain church that emerged from a division among the German Baptist Brethren in 1881 being part of the Old Order Movement .	Like the church it emerged from , it has roots both in Anabaptism and in Pietism .
There he attended Heath Grammar School , Halifax , and subsequently won scholarships to Bradford Grammar School and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he studied mathematics and astronomy , being placed Second Wrangler in 1889 .	In 1894 he was given the post of Senior Assistant at Greenwich Observatory and worked on the Astrographic Catalogue , which was published in 1905 .
Frank Dyson ( 14 March 1931 – 31 October 1979 ) , also known by the nickname of `` Spanky '' , was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s .	He played at representative level for Great Britain and Yorkshire , and at club level for Huddersfield and Oldham , as a goal-kicking , i.e .
Raymond is a male given name .	It was borrowed into English from French ( older French spellings were Reimund and Raimund , whereas the modern English and French spellings are identical ) .
In 1935 , the mantle of Rupert artist and storyteller was taken over by Alfred Bestall , who was previously an illustrator for `` Punch '' and other glossy magazines .	Bestall proved to be successful in the field of children 's literature and worked on Rupert stories and artwork into his 90s .
Born Annie Mary Pryde Nicholson , she was the only daughter of the artists Sir William Nicholson and Mabel Pryde .	She had three brothers , artist Ben Nicholson , architect Christopher Nicholson and Anthony , who was killed in action in 1918 in the First World War .
The group formed in East Orange , New Jersey , in 1986 as The New Style .	The group first appeared on the music scene in 1989 , releasing an album called `` Independent Leaders '' as The New Style , and the album generated the minor hit `` Scuffin ' Those Knees '' .
It has many color varieties , and may also be kept for ornament .	The American Game was bred for cockfighting .
`` ISO/IEC 8859-8 '' covers all the Hebrew letters , but no Hebrew vowel signs .	IBM assigned code page 916 to it .
He also worked as a wood-engraver , as an illustrator , as an author of children 's books and as a designer for the theatre .	William Nicholson was born in Newark-on-Trent on 5 February 1872 , the youngest son of William Newzam Nicholson , an industrialist and Conservative MP of Newark , and his wife Annie Elizabeth Prior , the daughter of Joseph Prior and Elizabeth ( `` née '' Mallam ) of Woodstock , Oxon .
It has won several awards , including the IAAPA Applause Award .	The park opened its first roller coaster in 1923 , the Wild Cat , an early Philadelphia Toboggan Company coaster .
Hawkeye Community College is a community college in Waterloo , Iowa .	Hawkeye has several outlying centers in Cedar Falls , Independence , Grundy County , Waverly , and Waterloo .
The Fulbright Program , including the Fulbright–Hays Program , is one of several United States Cultural Exchange Programs whose goal is to improve intercultural relations , cultural diplomacy , and intercultural competence between the people of the United States and other countries through the exchange of persons , knowledge , and skills .	It is one of the most prestigious and competitive fellowship programs in the world .
Vincent J. Donovan , `` Christianity Rediscovered '' , in which Donovan tells of his work among the Maasai through which they came to their own understandings of Christianity .	Orthodox historian Jaroslav Pelikan , a modern scholar of creeds and their histories , considers the Maasai Creed an example of the bringing together of universal faith and local experience
James Ferrier Pryde ( 1866–1941 ) was a British artist .	A number of his paintings are in public collections , but there have been few exhibitions of his work .
He opened a trading store in Monrovia , and later engaged in politics .	When Liberia became independent on July 26 , 1847 , Roberts was elected the first Black American president for the Republic of Liberia , serving until 1856 .
DuPont adopted it in 1935 and it was their slogan until 1982 when the `` Through Chemistry '' part was dropped .	Since 1999 , their slogan has been `` The miracles of science '' .
The central idea is that sexually selected traits function like conspicuous consumption , signalling the ability to afford to squander a resource .	Receivers know that the signal indicates quality because inferior quality signallers can not afford to produce such wastefully extravagant signals .
Ralph Louis Engelstad ( January 28 , 1930 – November 26 , 2002 ) was the multi-millionaire owner of the Imperial Palace casino-hotels in Las Vegas and in Biloxi , Mississippi .	He also owned the Kona Kai motel in Las Vegas , which later became the Klondike Hotel & Casino .
This gives it a total length of .	It carries the Cornish Main Line railway in and out of Cornwall .
The following is a list of radio stations in the Canadian province of British Columbia , .	Note that radio stations are listed here by their legal city of licence .
Fulbright opposed McCarthyism and the House Un-American Activities Committee and later became known for his opposition to American involvement in the Vietnam War .	His efforts to establish an international exchange program eventually resulted in the creation of a fellowship program which bears his name , the Fulbright Program .
General Records was a small American record label during the late 1930s and early 1940s .	Its most notable releases are piano solos recorded by Jelly Roll Morton in December 1939 late in his career .
The Curtiss Falcon was a family of military biplane aircraft built by the American aircraft manufacturer Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company during the 1920s .	Most saw service as part of the United States Army Air Corps as observation aircraft with the designations O-1 and O-11 , or as the attack aircraft designated the A-3 Falcon .
DeHavilland Information Services Ltd is a British media company that provides political monitoring services for public affairs professionals .	The company was founded in 1998 by Conservative MP Adam Afriyie but is today owned by business-to-business publishing company Ascential Group .
It was originally tested as a pesticide on farm fields , and entered military use in 1946 and civilian use in 1957 .	It was used in Vietnam and Southeast Asia .
In 2017-18 , the station was the 43rd-busiest in the UK , and the 15th-busiest outside London .	The station is currently being considered as a stop for the High Speed 2 ( HS2 ) rail project .
The processing plant was powered by a hydroelectric scheme situated in the mountains above , and made Kinlochleven the first village in the world to have every house connected to electricity , coining the phrase `` The Electric Village '' .	In 1991 , the village ( according to annual census returns ) had just over 1000 inhabitants in some 420 households .
The label is known for its role in the evolution of hardcore and metallic post-hardcore with releases by bands such as Youth of Today , Warzone , Sick of It All , Quicksand , Side By Side , Chain of Strength , Shelter , Judge , No For An Answer , and Gorilla Biscuits .	Revelation , along with the bands it put out in the late 1980s , is usually credited with creating and cementing the `` youth crew '' sound as well as New York hardcore , which bridged the gap from the earlier bands of almost a decade before and helped carry the music through the early 1990s .
It has a collection of international importance covering fine art , ceramics , metalwork , jewellery , natural history , archaeology , ethnography , local history and industrial history .	The museum/gallery is run by Birmingham Museums Trust , the largest independent museums trust in the United Kingdom , which also runs eight other museums around the city .
Sheffield Castle was a castle in Sheffield , England , constructed at the confluence of the River Sheaf and the River Don , possibly on the site of a former Anglo-Saxon long house , and dominating the early town .	A motte and bailey castle had been constructed on the site at some time in the century following the Norman Conquest of England in 1066 .
Both brothers were born in Crow Tree Road , Bishopwearmouth .	For three years from 1870 , Charles Meik was an apprentice at Leith-based Hawthorne & Co , after which he spent two years in Sir William Armstrong 's Elswick engine works .
Founded in 1857 , the club is officially recognised as the oldest existing club now playing association football in the world .	Sheffield F.C .
He appears in the webshow `` MyMusic '' on YouTube as Indie .	Busch was born in East Meadow , New York .
in the list of the oldest association football clubs in the world .	Games between these two clubs are known as the Rules derby .
Chief assistant resident engineer was William Halcrow .	The dam , at 27 m high , was built at an elevation of over 305m in rugged and almost inaccessible terrain , and involved the construction of some 6 km of concrete aqueduct and nearly 13 km of steel pipe in total ( four parallel pipelines ) .
Alfred was founded in 1836 as the Select School by Seventh Day Baptists as a non-sectarian institution .	Unusual for the time , the school was co-educational .
He came to prominence in the 1930s , first working on Broadway plays and then in motion pictures , notably writing the successful comedy `` The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer '' ( 1947 ) which earned him an Academy Award .	He went on to work in television , where his works spanned a 20-year period during which he created `` The Patty Duke Show '' ( 1963–66 ) , `` I Dream of Jeannie '' ( 1965–70 ) and `` Hart to Hart '' ( 1979–84 ) .
The Great Sheffield Flood was a flood that devastated parts of Sheffield , England , on 11 March 1864 , when the Dale Dyke Dam broke as its reservoir was being filled for the first time .	At least 240 people died and more than 600 houses were damaged or destroyed by the flood .
Patrick Walter Meik ( 1851 - 12 July 1910 ) was an English civil engineer and part of a minor engineering dynasty .	His father Thomas Meik was also an engineer , as was Patrick 's younger brother Charles Meik .
The population of this ward in 2011 was 23,489 people in 8,809 households .	It is one of the wards that made up the Sheffield Attercliffe constituency , now the Sheffield South East constituency .
It lies in the Peak District , west of Penistone and south of Holmfirth , within the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley .	Before the Local Government Act 1972 the area covered by South Yorkshire was part of the West Riding of Yorkshire .
As an industrialist , he became very wealthy as CEO and majority shareholder in the EMS-Chemie corporation , now run by his daughter , Magdalena Martullo-Blocher .	A controversial figure , Blocher is known for his role in transforming Swiss politics , shifting it to the right , as well as the Swiss People 's Party , which `` developed a eurosceptic and anti-immigration agenda that has shaken up the cozy post-war consensual system prevailing in neutral Switzerland , '' and has become `` the dominant force in national politics . ''
High Peak is a borough in Derbyshire , England .	Administered by High Peak Borough Council from Buxton and Glossop , it is mostly composed of high moorland plateau in the Dark Peak area of the Peak District National Park .
The route is derived in several places from the military roads constructed through the Highlands by General George Wade and Major William Caulfeild in the 18th century , along with later roads constructed by Thomas Telford in the 19th .	The modern route is based on that designed by Telford , but with a number of improvements primarily dating from the 1920s and 30s .
It can also be referred to as the Mid Wirral Motorway .	It runs between the Kingsway Tunnel , at Wallasey in the north , and the A55 at Chester .
ICES is headquartered in Copenhagen , Denmark , where its multinational secretariat staff of 51 provide scientific , administrative and secretarial support to the ICES community .	It was established on July 22 , 1902 , in Copenhagen .
It runs from junction 1a of the M9 , south of the Queensferry Crossing , to Perth , passing Dunfermline and Kinross on the way .	It is the most northerly motorway in the United Kingdom , the northernmost point being a spur into the western suburbs of Perth at Broxden .
The M180 is a motorway in England from junction 5 on the M18 motorway in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster to a point close to Humberside Airport some from the port of Immingham and from the port of Grimsby and the east coast and provides access for major routes to Cleethorpes , Grimsby , Hull ( via the Humber Bridge ) , Immingham , Lincoln , Scunthorpe , Humberside Airport and the Killingholme Oil Refineries ; Humber Oil Refinery and Lindsey Oil Refinery .	The road forms part of the unsigned Euroroute E22 and is the main route along the south bank of the Humber Estuary .
It runs from just south of Preston through the major junction of the M6 and M61 motorways , east past Darwen , Blackburn , Accrington , Burnley , Nelson and ends at Colne .	The M65 was opened in the following sections :
The M61 is a motorway in North West England .	It runs from the M60 motorway northwest of Manchester and heads northwest past Bolton and Chorley to join the M6 just north of the junction between the M6 and M65 motorways to the south of Preston .
The route heads north via Swords , Drogheda and Dundalk to the Northern Irish border just south of Newry in County Armagh , where it joins the A1 road and further on , the M1 motorway in Northern Ireland .	It also forms a significant part of the road connection between Dublin and the Northern Irish cities of Newry , and Lisburn .
She gained prominence in the 1960s for the song `` He 's a Rebel , '' a No .	1 American single in 1962 , and was one of the artists who performed on the celebrated Christmas album `` A Christmas Gift for You from Phil Spector , '' produced by Phil Spector in 1963 .
The Dot and the Line : A Romance in Lower Mathematics ( ) is a book written and illustrated by Norton Juster , first published by Random House in 1963 .	The story was inspired by `` Flatland : A Romance of Many Dimensions '' , in which the protagonist visits a one-dimensional universe called Lineland , where women are dots and men are lines .
The New York Central Railroad was a railroad primarily operating in the Great Lakes region of the United States .	The railroad primarily connected greater New York and Boston in the east with Chicago and St. Louis in the Midwest along with the intermediate cities of Albany , Buffalo , Cleveland , Cincinnati , and Detroit .
Super Sport versions were produced through the 1973 model year , and Lagunas from 1973 through 1976 .	After a four-year absence , the El Camino was reintroduced as part of the new Chevelle lineup in 1964 .
Before World War II , there were over 140 Class I railroads operating in the U.S. ( at the time a railroad was given Class I status if it earned at least $ 1 million in revenue annually ) .	As an indication of the level of consolidation that has taken place , only four Class I railroads ( then , railroads with over a million dollars in income per year ) from before the Great Depression still exist under their original names , these being the :
Mexico has two Class I freight railroads , one with trackage in the US .	In addition , the national passenger railroads in the US and Canada , Amtrak and Via Rail , are both Class I .
It is not to be confused with Firby in Ryedale , that has separate origins and etymology , along with Fearby , North Ferriby and South Ferriby , also different in these natures ; each has had its own variants causing confusion .	Firby is and long governed as a Liberty of Richmondshire .
Beta Ursae Minoris ( β Ursae Minoris , abbreviated Beta UMi , β UMi ) , also named Kochab , is the brightest star in the bowl of the Little Dipper asterism ( which is part of the constellation of Ursa Minor ) , and only slightly fainter than Polaris , the northern pole star and brightest star in Ursa Minor .	Kochab is 16 degrees from Polaris and has an apparent visual magnitude of 2.08 .
The diode in series rectifies the incoming signal , allowing current flow only when the positive input terminal is at a higher potential than the negative input terminal .	Most practical envelope detectors use either half-wave or full-wave rectification of the signal to convert the AC audio input into a pulsed DC signal .
The court ruled that , `` Apple can not get patent-like protection for the idea of a graphical user interface , or the idea of a desktop metaphor [ under copyright law ] ... '' .	In the midst of the `` Apple v. Microsoft '' lawsuit , Xerox also sued Apple alleging that Mac 's GUI was heavily based on Xerox 's .
As an actor , Strong is best known for his roles as Jonathan Levinson in `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' and Doyle McMaster in `` Gilmore Girls '' .	He also wrote the screenplays for `` Recount '' , the HBO adaptation `` Game Change '' , `` Lee Daniels ' The Butler '' , and the two-part finale of `` The Hunger Games '' film trilogy , `` '' and `` '' .
Gamma Cephei ( γ Cephei , abbreviated Gamma Cep , γ Cep ) is a binary star system approximately 45 light-years away in the constellation of Cepheus .	The primary ( designated Gamma Cephei A , also named Errai ) is a stellar class K1 orange giant or subgiant star ; it has a red dwarf companion ( Gamma Cephei B ) .
The Kansas City Southern Railway Company , owned by Kansas City Southern , is the smallest and third-oldest Class I railroad in North America ( just behind Union Pacific Railroad and Canadian Pacific Railway ) still in operation .	Founded in 1887 , KCS currently operates in 10 central U.S. states .
Manifolds with a Poisson algebra structure are known as Poisson manifolds , of which the symplectic manifolds and the Poisson–Lie groups are a special case .	The algebra is named in honour of Siméon Denis Poisson .
In early 2013 , a cannon from `` Hussar '' was discovered stored in a building in New York 's Central Park still loaded with live gunpowder and shot .	`` Hussar '' was commissioned in August 1763 under Captain James Smith , and sent for her commission cruising in the vicinity of Cape Clear .
To some extent the role of captain of the port is analogous to that of a harbourmaster .	In the Royal Navy , the captain of the port was the officer , usually with the rank of captain , responsible for the day-to-day running of a Naval Dockyard under the authority of the admiral-superintendent .
She formerly worked at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and at one point was the Deputy Director of the Mount Wilson Observatory .	Baliunas was born and grew up in New York City and its suburbs .
The marathon is popular for its exotic location in Hawaii , and is also popular among first-time marathoners , many of whom are visitors from Japan .	The 2012 Honolulu Marathon was held on Sunday , December 9 , 2012 .
Thomas Meik ( – ) was a 19th century Scottish engineer .	He is particularly associated with ports and railways in Scotland and northern England , Meik fathered two prominent engineering sons : Patrick Meik and Charles Meik .
A production company may specialize in producing their in-house films or own subsidiary development companies .	Major production companies often distribute films from independent production companies .
The Old Red Sandstone is an assemblage of rocks in the North Atlantic region largely of Devonian age .	It extends in the east across Great Britain , Ireland and Norway , and in the west along the northeastern seaboard of North America .
After finishing school during her teens , she moved to Springfield , Illinois , where she lived with her married sister Elizabeth Edwards .	Before she married Abraham Lincoln , Mary was courted by his long-time political opponent Stephen A. Douglas .
In practice , anisochronous typically means that data packets are not arriving in the same order they were transmitted , thus dramatically altering the quality of a multimedia transmission ( e.g .	voice , video , music ) , or after processing to restore isochronicity , have had significant amounts of latency added .
The Carlist Wars were a series of civil wars that took place in Spain during the 19th century .	The contenders fought to establish their claim to the throne , although some political differences also existed .
All of them are province-level subdivisions .	Each code consists of two parts , separated by a hyphen .
At this time , then , Omagua speakers lived in regions corresponding to modern eastern Peruvian Amazonia , western Brazilian Amazonia , and eastern Ecuadoran Amazonia .	These Omagua populations were decimated by disease , Portuguese slave raids , and conflicts with Spanish colonial authorities during the early 18th century , leaving them drastically reduced .
The re-recording of some of her old songs rekindled her career in 2002 and she has sold over 25 million records , making her one of Germany 's most successful music artists .	Gabriele Susanne Kerner ( Nena ) was born on 24 March 1960 in Hagen , North Rhine-Westphalia , West Germany while her family lived in the nearby town of Breckerfeld .
He is best known for his role as the transgender woman Dil in the 1992 suspense-drama thriller film `` The Crying Game ''	for which he received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor ; and for appearing in 1994 's `` Stargate '' as the god-like Ra .
In 1979 , Daniel Brélaz was elected to the National Council as the first Green MP on the national level ( in Switzerland and in the world ) .	Local and regional Green parties and organisations were founded in many different towns and cantons in the following years .
A lighter is a portable device used to create a flame , and to ignite a variety of combustible materials , such as cigars , gas stoves , fireworks , candles or cigarettes .	It consists of a metal or plastic container filled with a flammable fluid or pressurized liquid gas , a means of ignition to produce the flame , and some provision for extinguishing the flame .
As a result , it was known as `` Hisn al-Akrad '' , meaning the `` Castle of the Kurds '' .	In 1142 it was given by Raymond II , Count of Tripoli , to the order of the Knights Hospitaller .
It is measured by satellite as being 1.361 kilowatts per square meter ( kW/m² ) at solar minimum and approximately 0.1 % greater ( roughly 1.362 kW/m² ) at solar maximum .	The solar `` constant '' is not a physical constant in the modern CODATA scientific sense ; that is , it is not like the Planck constant or the speed of light which are absolutely constant in physics .
The Guarani languages are :	The varieties of Guarani proper and Kaiwá have limited mutual intelligibility .
Both her parents were Jewish .	Her older sister is film producer Susan Landau Finch , and the sisters spent their early childhood in a Tudor style house in West Los Angeles .
Chen was born in Shanghai , to a family of pharmacologists .	She and her older brother , Chase , were raised during the Cultural Revolution .
Gustav Ludwig Hertz ( 22 July 1887 – 30 October 1975 ) was a German experimental physicist and Nobel Prize winner for his work on inelastic electron collisions in gases , and a nephew of Heinrich Rudolf Hertz .	Hertz was born in Hamburg , the son of Auguste ( née Arning ) and a lawyer , Gustav Theodor Hertz ( 1858–1904 ) , Heinrich Rudolf Hertz ' brother .
Shadd Cary was an abolitionist who became the first female African-American newspaper editor in North America when she edited `` The Provincial Freeman '' in 1853 .	Mary Ann Shadd was born in Wilmington , Delaware , on October 9 , 1823 , the eldest of 13 children to Abraham Doras Shadd ( 1801–1882 ) and Harriet Burton Parnell , who were free African-Americans .
Backhauls are also referred to sometimes as `` clean feeds '' , being `` clean '' in the sense that they lack any of the post-production elements that are added later to the feed 's content ( i.e .	on-screen graphics , voice-overs , bumpers , etc . )
For many years , it has been presumed he was hanged on May 23 , 1304 , along with three other young clerics of Notre Dame , including Oudinet Pisdoé , for `` debauchery '' and `` crimes against women '' .	Recent research has shown that `` Jehan de Lescurel '' was a rather common name in early fourteenth-century Paris , and no link is found between Jehan de Lescurel , the composer and some Jehan de Lescurel who was hanged .
He enlisted in the 38th battalion of volunteers from the Jura department on 1 October 1791 , Sergeant Major of the 15th month , Lieutenant March 4 , 1792 , he became a lieutenant and captain on 22 August and 6 October in the 96th Regiment of Infantry , which in turn formed the 147th , 49th Half-Brigade and 24th Regiment of the line .	He was deployed on the cordon on the borders of Switzerland in 1792 ; he was taken prisoner by the Prussians , March 5 , 1793 at Remderkerm ( Army of the Rhine ) .
In WWE , Calaway was rebranded as `` The Undertaker '' , and gained significant mainstream popularity as a horror-themed , macabre entity who employed scare tactics and held links to the supernatural .	The Undertaker became one of the most prominent figures of the Attitude Era , featuring in various pivotal storylines and matches as WWF sustained a boom period in business in the latter 1990s .
After signing to Skint Records the band relocated to Brighton on the south coast , where that label is based .	Subsequent to parting company with Skint , the band liquidated their Brighton studio complex 'The Brainfarm ' , and the personnel are now based variously in Brighton , The Midlands and New York .
He is signed to WWE , where he appears for both the Raw and SmackDown brands .	Cena gained fame in the WWE in the early 2000s , portraying a trash-talking rapper .
Historically , groups have conducted various campaigns to promote their interests in defiance of scientific consensus , and in an effort to manipulate public policy .	On the other hand , policy makers are required to take timely action regardless of the raging debates and/or apparent credibility of alternative viewpoints .
Group extensions arise in the context of the extension problem , where the groups `` Q '' and `` N '' are known and the properties of `` G '' are to be determined .	Note that the phrasing `` '' G '' is an extension of `` N '' by `` Q '' '' is also used by some .
As lead author of a paper produced in 1998 with co-authors Raymond S. Bradley and Malcolm K. Hughes , Mann used advanced statistical techniques to find regional variations in a hemispherical climate reconstruction covering the past 600 years .	In 1999 the same team used these techniques to produce a reconstruction over the past 1,000 years ( MBH99 ) which was dubbed the `` hockey stick graph '' because of its shape .
Barnard 's Inn dates back at least to the mid-thirteenth century – it was recorded as part of the estate of Sir Adam de Basing ( Adam de Baysing ) , one time Lord Mayor of London .	It passed on to John Mackworth , the Dean of Lincoln , who in turn passed it on to the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln on his death in 1451 .
He later studied in Riga , Berlin and in Leipzig , in the last city as a pupil of Arthur Nikisch .	Kurtz made his conducting debut when he substituted for an ill Nikisch to accompany the dancer Isadora Duncan on tour .
`` Mackenna 's Gold '' is based on the novel of the same name by Heck Allen using the pen name Will Henry , telling the story of how the lure of gold corrupts a diverse group of people .	The novel was loosely based on the legend of the Lost Adams Diggings , crediting the Frank Dobie account of the legend ( `` Apache Gold and Yaqui Silver '' ) in the author 's note .
Longwood became a university on July 1 , 2002 .	Three undergraduate academic colleges—the Cook-Cole College of Arts and Sciences , the College of Business and Economics , and the College of Education and Human Services—supported by the Cormier Honors College and coupled with the College of Graduate and Professional Studies serve an enrollment of 5,096 .
An American diplomatic commission was sent to France in July 1797 to negotiate a solution to problems that were threatening to break out into war .	The diplomats , Charles Cotesworth Pinckney , John Marshall , and Elbridge Gerry , were approached through informal channels by agents of the French Foreign Minister Talleyrand , who demanded bribes and a loan before formal negotiations could begin .
A geosynchronous orbit is an inclined orbit with an altitude of that completes one revolution every sidereal day tracing out a small figure-eight shape in the sky .	A geostationary orbit is a special case of geosynchronous orbit with no inclination , and therefore no apparent movement across the sky from a fixed observation point on the Earth 's surface .
It was co-produced by Production I.G and Studio Ghibli for Tokuma Shoten , Nippon Television Network , Dentsu , Disney , Toho and the Mitsubishi Corporation , and distributed by Toho .	It was released in Japan on March 6 , 2004 , and was later released in the US on September 17 , 2004 by Go Fish Pictures , `` Innocence '' had a production budget of approximately $ 20 million ( approximately 2 billion yen ) .
Dingley Askham ( died 12 July 1728 ) was an English attorney , latterly Principal of Barnard 's Inn in London .	Askham was a native of St. Ives , Huntingdonshire , and was admitted to Barnard 's Inn on 26 June 1694 .
The bottom third of it is the Four Seasons Hotel Atlanta , which includes 244 guest rooms and is the only 5-star hotel in Midtown .	It is the eleventh-tallest skyscraper in Atlanta .
It won first place in the 1998 Interactive Fiction Competition .	`` Photopia '' has few puzzles and a linear structure , allowing the player no way to alter the eventual conclusion but maintaining the illusion of non-linearity .
It is the home of seven private and two public schools .	Brentwood was part of the Rancho San Vicente y Santa Monica , a Mexican land-grant ranch sold off in pieces by the Sepúlveda family after the Mexican–American War .
The defendants organized the GANDALF defence campaign .	The editors of `` Green Anarchist '' —Molland , Burchnall-Wood and Booth—were sentenced to three years in jail for conspiracy to incite criminal damage .
The Quad Cities River Bandits are a Class A minor league baseball team , affiliated with the Houston Astros , that plays in the Midwest League .	Its home games are played at Modern Woodmen Park ( formerly John O'Donnell Stadium ) in Davenport , Iowa , one of the Quad Cities .
As of March 25 , 2018 , Hyatt has 777 properties in 54 countries .	`` Fortune '' magazine ranked Hyatt # 186 on its list of `` America 's Best Employers '' for 2018 .
, Starwood Hotels and Resorts owned , managed , or franchised over 1,200 properties employing over 180,400 people , of whom approximately 26 % were employed in the United States .	On November 16 , 2015 , Marriott International announced that it would purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts for $ 13.6 billion , creating the world 's largest hotel chain once the deal closed .
Some historians consider the Bar Confederation the first Polish uprising .	Around the middle of the 18th century the balance of power in Europe shifted , with Russian victories against the Ottomans in the Russo-Turkish War ( 1768–1774 ) strengthening Russia and endangering Habsburg interests in that region ( particularly in Moldavia and Wallachia ) .
The agency is charged with bringing in tourists and conventions into the city of Baltimore , Maryland , but does not manage the actual convention venues , hotels , or museums in the city .	In 2004 , BACVA launched a totally redesigned website .
After Clinton denied having a relationship with Flowers on `` 60 Minutes '' , she held a press conference in which she played tape recordings she had secretly made of phone calls with Clinton .	Clinton subsequently apologized publicly to Mario Cuomo for remarks he made about the then-Governor of New York on the tapes , in which he had said that Cuomo acted like a mafioso .
Often referred to as `` Ravens Stadium '' , M & T Bank Stadium officially opened in 1998 , and is currently one of the most praised stadiums in the NFL for fan amenities , ease of access , concessions and other facilities .	The stadium was originally known as Ravens Stadium at Camden Yards , until PSINet acquired the naming rights in 1999 , naming it PSINet Stadium .
Giacomo Balla ( 18 July 1871 – 1 March 1958 ) was an Italian painter , art teacher and poet best known as a key proponent of Futurism .	In his painting he depicted light , movement and speed .
The formation is a tor consisting of several tall , narrow columns of rock which rise abruptly from the surrounding wooded hills .	In a popular tradition going back to an idea proposed to Hermann Hamelmann in 1564 , the Externsteine are identified as a sacred site of the pagan Saxons , and the location of the Irminsul idol reportedly destroyed by Charlemagne ; there is however no archaeological evidence that would confirm the site 's use during the relevant period .
`` Understanding Comics '' received praise from notable comic and graphic novel authors such as Art Spiegelman , Will Eisner , Alan Moore , Neil Gaiman , and Garry Trudeau ( who reviewed the book for the `` New York Times '' ) .	Although the book has prompted debate over many of McCloud ’ s conclusions , its discussions of `` iconic '' art and the concept of `` closure '' between panels have become common reference points in discussions of the medium .
Muhammad Yaqub Bek ( محمد یعقوب بیگ ) ( , `` Ya ’ qub-bek '' ) ( 182030 May 1877 ) was an adventurer of Tajik or Uzbek descent who was master of the Tarim Basin from 1865 to 1877 .	He held the title of Atalik Ghazi ( `` Champion Father '' ) .
The aircraft suffered a deep stall in the third minute of its flight and crashed to the ground , narrowly missing a busy main road .	The inquest principally blamed the captain for failing to maintain airspeed and configure the high-lift devices correctly .
In molecular genetics , the three prime untranslated region ( 3'-UTR ) is the section of messenger RNA ( mRNA ) that immediately follows the translation termination codon .	An mRNA molecule is transcribed from the DNA sequence and is later translated into protein .
Members of the order designate their affiliation using the order 's initials , `` M.C . ''	A member of the congregation must adhere to the vows of chastity , poverty , obedience , and the fourth vow , to give `` wholehearted free service to the poorest of the poor . ''
Le Corbusier designed it with the collaboration of Chilean architect Guillermo Jullian de la Fuente at his 35 rue de Sèvres studio ; the on-site preparation of the construction plans was handled by the office of Josep Lluís Sert , then dean of the Harvard Graduate School of Design .	He had formerly worked in Le Corbusier 's atelier and had been instrumental in winning him the commission .
Continually reasserted are the right of the individual — sometimes alone , but often in conjunction with others — to his or her own thoughts and emotions , not dictated by society , or convention , or the State .	Additional stories in the cycle include the novel `` Malafrena '' ( 1979 ) , set in the Orsinia of the 1820s ; the Borges-like story `` Two Delays on the Northern Line '' ( 1979 , anthologized in `` The Compass Rose '' 1982 ) , containing two tangentially linked episodes of uncertain date ; and `` Unlocking the Air '' ( 1990 , anthologized in `` Unlocking the Air and Other Stories '' 1996 ) .
In bacteria the SECIS element appears soon after the UGA codon it affects .	In archaea and eukaryotes , it occurs in the 3 ' UTR of an mRNA , and can cause multiple UGA codons within the mRNA to code for selenocysteine .
It is unusual because in humans it contains 10 Sec residues , which are split into two domains , a longer N-terminal domain that contains 1 Sec , and a shorter C-terminal domain that contains 9 Sec .	The longer N-terminal domain is likely an enzymatic domain , and the shorter C-terminal domain is likely a means of safely transporting the very reactive selenium atom throughout the body .
The database schema of a database system is its structure described in a formal language supported by the database management system ( DBMS ) .	The term `` schema '' refers to the organization of data as a blueprint of how the database is constructed ( divided into database tables in the case of relational databases ) .
Even if these are excluded ( as Silsby does ) , there still remains a family of over 1000 species .	With nearly worldwide distribution , these are almost certainly the most often seen of all dragonflies .
Emeric Thököly de Késmárk ( ; ; 25 September 1657 – 13 September 1705 ) was prince of Upper Hungary from 1682 to 1685 , and prince of Transylvania in 1690 .	His father , Count István Thököly , held large domains in Royal Hungary .
The King 's African Rifles ( KAR ) was a multi-battalion British colonial regiment raised from Britain 's various possessions in East Africa from 1902 until independence in the 1960s .	It performed both military and internal security functions within the colonial territory , and served outside these territories during the World Wars .
Many cities in Spain have an `` alcázar '' .	The term is sometimes used as a synonym for `` castillo '' or castle ; palaces or forts built by Christian rulers were also often called `` alcázars '' .
The term , a portmanteau of the words `` three '' and `` repeat '' , originated with the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association , during their unsuccessful campaign for a third consecutive championship during the 1988–89 season , having won the previous 2 NBA Finals in 1987 and 1988 against the Boston Celtics and Detroit Pistons , but were swept by the Pistons in the 1989 NBA Finals .	The term is a registered trademark owned by Pat Riley ( https : //www.threepeat.com ) , the Lakers ' head coach from 1981–1990 , although it was coined by L.A. player Byron Scott immediately after their victorious championship defense against the Detroit Pistons in the 1988 NBA Finals .
In probability theory and statistics , the cumulants of a probability distribution are a set of quantities that provide an alternative to the moments of the distribution .	The moments determine the cumulants in the sense that any two probability distributions whose moments are identical will have identical cumulants as well , and similarly the cumulants determine the moments .
Notable institutions and establishments in the city include the Asian Development Bank , the headquarters of Banco De Oro and San Miguel Corporation and shopping malls like Shangri-La Plaza and SM Megamall .	The city is bordered by Manila to the west , San Juan to the north , Quezon City to the northeast , Pasig to the east , and Makati to the south .
The Myanmar Baptist Convention is a Baptist Christian denomination in Myanmar .	It is affiliated with the Baptist World Alliance and the World Council of Churches .
The reasons for receipt of bad checks mostly relate to the party issuing the check not having sufficient funds available in the amount presented for withdrawal from the checking account .	Other reasons that checks may not be honored include the account holder cancelling the check to deliberately withhold payment ; the account holder 's funds being frozen ; the account not actually existing due to a false check being presented ; and damage to the check .
L'Enfant was born in Paris , France on August 2 , 1754 , the third child and second son of Pierre L'Enfant ( 1704–1787 ) , a painter with a good reputation in the service of King Louis XV of France , ( 1710-1774 , reigned 1715-1774 ) , and Marie L'Enfant , the daughter of a minor official at court .	In 1758 , his brother Pierre Joseph died at the age of six , and Pierre Charles became the eldest son .
Located along the eastern border of Metro Manila , Pasig is bordered on the west by Quezon City and Mandaluyong ; to the north by Marikina ; to the south by Makati , the municipality of Pateros , and Taguig ; and to the east by the municipalities of Cainta and Taytay in the province of Rizal .	The city shares its name with the Pasig River which runs through it and forms its southwestern and southeastern borders with Makati and Taguig respectively , while the Marikina River forms its western border with Quezon City .
The show in its final incarnation was hosted by Morgan Webb and Blair Herter , with Kristin Adams ( née Holt ) and Jessica Chobot serving as special correspondents/co-hosts ( Tiffany Smith , Alex Sim-Wise and Joel Gourdin have also served as correspondents during the show 's run ) .	Adam Sessler was the original host of the program ; he previously co-hosted with Lauren Fielder and Kate Botello .
A land-grant university ( also called land-grant college or land-grant institution ) is an institution of higher education in the United States designated by a state to receive the benefits of the Morrill Acts of 1862 and 1890 .	The Morrill Acts funded educational institutions by granting federally controlled land to the states for them to sell , to raise funds , to establish and endow `` land-grant '' colleges .
His mission and work with Luther Rice led to the formation of the first Baptist association in America to support missionaries .	At times mistakenly referred to as the first Protestant missionary to Burma , he was in fact preceded by James Chater and Richard Mardon ( who both arrived in 1807 ) as well as by Felix Carey .
They developed standards to ensure the equipment of different manufacturers was compatible and interchangeable .	The EIA ceased operations on February 11 , 2011 , but the former sectors continue to serve the constituencies of EIA .
Land-grant institutions are often categorized as 1862 , 1890 , and 1994 institutions , based on the date of the legislation that designated most of them with land-grant status .	For a map and list of all 76 land-grant institutions , see the State Partners page hosted by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture ( formerly the Cooperative State Research , Education and Extension Service ) of the United States Department of Agriculture .
Saluda is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in and the county seat of Middlesex County , Virginia , United States .	The population as of the 2010 Census was 769 .
He is known for the perfection of the so-called `` well-made play '' ( `` pièce bien faite '' ) , a mainstay of popular theatre for over 100 years , and as the librettist of many of the most successful grand operas .	Scribe was born in Paris and died there .
The Sharpeville massacre was an event which occurred on 21 March 1960 , at the police station in the South African township of Sharpeville in Transvaal ( today part of Gauteng ) .	After a day of demonstrations against pass laws , a crowd of about 5,000 to 7,000 protesters went to the police station .
His main priority was ending the war in Indochina , which had already cost 92,000 dead , 114,000 wounded and 28,000 captured on the French side .	Public opinion polls showed that in February 1954 , only 7 % of the French people wanted to continue the fight to regain Indochina out of the hands of the Communists , led by Ho Chi Minh and his Viet Minh movement .
Jean-François Marmontel and Denis Diderot both viewed the intermission as a period in which the action did not in fact stop , but continued off-stage .	`` The interval is a rest for the spectators ; not for the action , '' wrote Marmontel in 1763 .
The office was created in 1972 , as more of a ceremonial position .	It was empowered with executive powers by the 1978 Constitution introduced by J. R. Jayewardene .
Avant Browser is a freeware web browser from a Chinese programmer named Anderson Che , which unites the Trident layout engine built into Windows ( see Internet Explorer shell ) with an interface intended to be more feature-rich , flexible and ergonomic than Microsoft 's Internet Explorer ( IE ) .	It runs on Windows 2000 and above , including Windows 8 , Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 .
It is situated southeast of the town of Jasper .	The base was reached via Fortress Lake in 1901 by the German explorer Jean Habel .
The software , developed by Nullsoft , is available free of charge .	It allows digital audio content , primarily in MP3 or High-Efficiency Advanced Audio Coding format , to be broadcast to and from media player software , enabling the creation of Internet radio `` stations '' .
He served as Lord High Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland , the British Monarch 's representative to the Assembly , in 2010 and 2011 .	He sits in the House of Lords as a crossbencher .
A re-recorded version , with a full band , was the B-side to Scott-Heron 's first single , `` Home Is Where the Hatred Is '' , from his album `` Pieces of a Man '' ( 1971 ) .	It was also included on his compilation album , `` The Revolution Will Not Be Televised '' ( 1974 ) .
He was assassinated in Colombo in a suicide bombing by the LTTE .	R. Premadasa was born on 23 June 1924 at Dias Place , Colombo 11 , to the family of Richard Ranasinghe ( Ranasinghe Mudalali ) of Kosgoda and Jayasinghe Arachchige Ensina Hamine of Batuwita , Horana .
Initially accepted by some document experts and collectors , and rejected by others , the salamander letter generated much discussion and debate inside and outside the Latter-day Saint movement .	Kenneth W. Rendell lent credence to it by stating that the ink , paper and postmark were all consistent with the period ; he concluded that `` there is no indication that the document is a forgery . ''
The library supports schools through its Services to Schools business unit , which has curriculum and advisory branches around New Zealand .	The Legal Deposit Office is New Zealand 's agency for ISBN and ISSN .
The turquoise colored Berg Lake is dotted with icebergs even in the middle of summer .	Berg Lake can be reached by following a marked hiking trail for from the parking lot .
The park is located entirely within British Columbia , bordering Jasper National Park in Alberta .	The B.C .
In addition to its ordinary full-time students , Te Kura provides programmes to students at other state-owned schools where a subject is unavailable , and to adults .	Te Kura is Ministry of Education funded .
A feature of the early `` Ys '' games is the Darm Tower ( or Dahm Tower in some translations ) .	In the story , it is an unfinished and deserted tower , built with the intention of touching the sky .
His father was a miner who died when Kain was 8 .	In his youth he worked as a goatherd in the Rax Alps and from 1898 to 1904 he worked at stone quarries in Veitsch and Hirschwang .
It does not have a large circulation .	Other official newspapers of the UK government are `` The Edinburgh Gazette '' and `` The Belfast Gazette '' , which , apart from reproducing certain materials of nationwide interest published in `` The London Gazette '' , also contain publications specific to Scotland and Northern Ireland , respectively .
The highway was officially opened in 1970 .	Beginning in 1990 , the green and white Trans-Canada logo was used to designate the roadway .
It breeds somewhat further south than the Arctic redpoll , also in habitats with thickets or shrubs .	The common redpoll was listed in 1758 by Linnaeus in the 10th edition of his `` Systema Naturae '' under the binomial name `` Fringilla flammea '' .
The Arctic redpoll ( `` Acanthis hornemanni '' ) , known in North America as the hoary redpoll , is a bird species in the finch family Fringillidae .	It breeds in tundra birch forest .
It is sometimes classified as a subspecies of the common redpoll ( `` Acanthis flammea '' ) but has recently been split from that species by the British Ornithologists ' Union .	It is native to Europe and has been introduced to New Zealand .
It lacks the red head patch and breast shown by the linnet and the redpolls .	It is brown streaked with black above , and a pink rump .
Mt .	Kain was named during a survey of the Mt .
The family Aristolochiaceae includes the genera `` Aristolochia '' and `` Asarum '' ( wild ginger ) , which are commonly used in Chinese herbal medicine .	Although these compounds are widely associated with kidney problems , liver and urothelial cancers , the use of AA-containing plants for medicinal purposes has a long history .
In 1905 , William Pigott , Sr. founded Seattle Car Mfg .	Co. to produce railway and logging equipment at its plant in West Seattle .
Widely regarded as one of the most accomplished forgers in history , Hofmann is especially noted for his creation of documents related to the history of the Latter Day Saint movement .	When his schemes began to unravel , he constructed bombs to murder two people in Salt Lake City , Utah .
He began his political career by serving in the State Assembly ( 1966 ) , eventually advancing to Manhattan borough president before becoming mayor .	Under the Dinkins administration , crime in New York City decreased more dramatically and more rapidly than at any time in previous New York City history .
It is bordered on the west by Quezon City , to the south by Pasig and Cainta , to the north by San Mateo and to the east by Antipolo , the capital of Rizal province .	Marikina was the provincial capital of the Province of Manila from 1898 to 1899 .
Mount Forbes was first ascended on August 10 , 1902 , by the Swiss brothers Christian and Hans Kaufmann , guiding the British gentlemen J. Norman Collie , James Outram , Hugh E.M. Stutfield , George M. Weed , and Herman Woolley .	There are several climbing routes , including :
He went on to have a lengthy career as a government employed man of science in New Zealand , and during this period he dominated the Colony 's scientific institutions in a way that no single man has since .	He was born at 11 Danube Street in Stockbridge , Edinburgh the son of Alexander Hector WS and his wife , Margaret Macrostie .
`` Nautilus '' was designed between 1793 and 1797 by the American inventor Robert Fulton , then living in the French First Republic .	He unsuccessfully proposed to the Directory that they subsidize its construction as a means to balance British seapower .
It was tough growing up for Hilton , but he transferred that toughness to the ring , at least as his career started .	Though Matthew had decent boxing skills for a brawler , he preferred to press forward , back up his opponents , and detonate his punishing left hooks , and powerful overhand rights .
Neopterygii are a group of fish .	Neopterygii means `` new fins '' ( from Greek νέος `` neos '' , new , and πτέρυξ `` pteryx '' , fin ) .
He represented South Carolina as a U.S. Representative from 1817 to 1819 , and as a U.S .	Senator from 1831 to 1833 .
The guru-shishya tradition is a sacred one in Hinduism and appears in other religious groups in India , such as Jainism , Buddhism and Sikhism .	The word is a combination of the Sanskrit words ( 'teacher ' or 'master ' ) and ( 'family ' or 'home ' ) .
After the Revolution the city was chosen to be the temporary capital of the United States .	At the beginning of the 19th century , the federal and state governments left Philadelphia , but the city remained the cultural and financial center of the country .
He founded the Indian Statistical Institute , and contributed to the design of large-scale sample surveys .	For his contributions , Mahalanobis has been considered the father of modern statistics in India .
The current President is Maithripala Sirisena .	Under the Soulbury Constitution which consisted of The Ceylon Independence Act , 1947 and The Ceylon ( Constitution and Independence ) Orders in Council 1947 , Ceylon ( as Sri Lanka was known then ) became a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary form of government .
All of their cartoons were given Blue Ribbon reissues .	Jones introduced Hubie and Bertie in the short `` The Aristo-Cat '' , first released on June 19 , 1943 .
Upon the death of Louis-Alexandre , François-Henri inherited his father 's workshop .	He reconstructed the organ of St. Gervais in 1758 , and built the organs at St. Sulpice ( also notably rebuilt by Aristide Cavaille-Coll ) , St. Nicolas-des-Champs , Souvigny , and at Poitiers Cathedral .
Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor has been a World Heritage Site since 1979 .	Its numerous Orthodox and Catholic churches and monasteries make it a major pilgrimage site .
The work was canonized in 1880 by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) as part of its Pearl of Great Price .	It thus forms a doctrinal foundation for the LDS Church and Mormon fundamentalist denominations of the Latter Day Saint movement though is not considered a religious text by the Community of Christ .
X 2000 , also called X2 , is a tilting train operated by SJ in Sweden .	It was constructed by Kalmar Verkstad in Kalmar , Sweden ( prior to the company being bought by Adtranz in 1996 ) and launched in 1990 as a first-class only train with a meal included in the ticket price , and free use of the train 's fax machine .
For example , any closed interval on the real line is unicoherent , but a circle is not .	If a unicoherent space is more strongly hereditarily unicoherent ( meaning that every subcontinuum is unicoherent ) and arcwise connected , then it is called a dendroid .
A proof by exhaustion contains two stages :	The prevalence of digital computers has greatly increased the convenience of using the method of exhaustion .
The character is a hairy , orange monster .	His rectangular body is perched on two giant tennis shoes , and his heart-shaped face is composed of only two oval eyes and a wide mouth , with two hulking arms ending in dirty , clawed fingers .
The Garifuna ( ; pl .	Garinagu in Garifuna ) are an Amerindian ethnic group native to Central America who speak an eponymous Arawakan language .
It is one of the paths in the spiritual practices of Hindus , others being Jnana yoga and Karma yoga .	The tradition has ancient roots .
He was an Independent from 2009 to 2010 before joining Plaid Cymru in that year .	He is credited with being the `` architect of devolution '' in Wales and led the campaign to create the National Assembly for Wales .
This municipality is famous for its duck-raising industry and especially for producing `` balut '' , a Filipino delicacy , which is a boiled , fertilised duck egg .	Pateros is also known for the production of red salty eggs and `` '' inutak '' '' , a local rice cake .
The Economic Stabilization Act of 1970 ( Title II of , formerly codified at 12 U.S.C .	§ 1904 ) was a United States law that authorized the President to stabilize prices , rents , wages , salaries , interest rates , dividends and similar transfers .
Given `` g '' ∈ `` G '' , λ is the linear map determined by its action on the basis by left translation by `` g '' , i.e .	For the right regular representation ρ , an inversion must occur in order to satisfy the axioms of a representation .
He was Member of Parliament ( MP ) representing the constituencies of Cambridgeshire ( 1961–83 ) and South East Cambridgeshire ( 1983–87 ) , and was made a life peer in 1987 .	Pym was born at Penpergwm Lodge , near Abergavenny in Monmouthshire .
Phocion was a successful politician of Athens .	He believed that extreme frugality was the condition for virtue and lived in accord with this ; consequently , he was popularly known as `` The Good . ''
Cash was the founder of the Maastricht Referendum Campaign in the early 1990s , and is now the elected Chair of the House of Commons ' European Scrutiny Committee .	He has also served as a vice president of the eurosceptic pressure group Conservatives for Britain , and to this day is one of the strongest critics of the European Union from the Conservative Party .
Question answering ( QA ) is a computer science discipline within the fields of information retrieval and natural language processing ( NLP ) , which is concerned with building systems that automatically answer questions posed by humans in a natural language .	A QA implementation , usually a computer program , may construct its answers by querying a structured database of knowledge or information , usually a knowledge base .
In the Continuation War he was first the commander of Jääkäriprikaati ( Jaeger Brigade ) and later Panssaridivisioona ( Armoured Division ) .	He was the first soldier to be awarded the Mannerheim Cross on 22 July 1941 .
It is often called British National Grid ( BNG ) .	The Ordnance Survey ( OS ) devised the national grid reference system , and it is heavily used in their survey data , and in maps based on those surveys , whether published by the Ordnance Survey or by commercial map producers .
The result contains both `` G '' and `` H '' as subgroups , is generated by the elements of these subgroups , and is the “ most general ” group having these properties .	Unless one of the groups `` G '' and `` H '' is trivial , the free product is always infinite .
Cherwell ( ) is a local government district in northern Oxfordshire , England .	The district takes its name from the River Cherwell , which drains south through the region to flow into the River Thames at Oxford .
Buffon published thirty-six quarto volumes of his `` Histoire Naturelle '' during his lifetime ; with additional volumes based on his notes and further research being published in the two decades following his death .	Ernst Mayr wrote that `` Truly , Buffon was the father of all thought in natural history in the second half of the 18th century '' .
Stryker Corporation ( ) is a Fortune 500 medical technologies firm based in Kalamazoo , Michigan .	Stryker 's products include implants used in joint replacement and trauma surgeries ; surgical equipment and surgical navigation systems ; endoscopic and communications systems ; patient handling and emergency medical equipment ; neurosurgical , neurovascular and spinal devices ; as well as other medical device products used in a variety of medical specialties .
The Communist Party of Argentina ( , also simply known as `` PC '' ) is a communist party in Argentina .	It was founded on January 6 , 1918 initially with the name International Socialist Party after the break with the Socialist Party and in adherence to the Revolution of October and the Third Leninist International .
There is a robospychology research division at Ars Electronica Futurelab	The stories also introduced Asimov 's famous Three Laws of Robotics .
Mounfield attended Xaverian College in Rusholme , Manchester .	He developed an interest with darts , a sport he had come to champion throughout his career .
The Stone Roses is the debut studio album by English rock band the Stone Roses .	It was recorded mostly at Battery Studios in London with producer John Leckie from June 1988 to February 1989 and released in May of that year by Silvertone Records .
He first conducted in Tiflis in 1906 , and his first conducting post was in Ljubljana with the Slovenian Philharmonic .	He then went to Plzeň , where he conducted opera from 1912 to 1915 .
The Pale of Settlement ( , ' , , ' , , ' ) was a western region of Imperial Russia with varying borders that existed from 1791 to 1917 , in which permanent residency by Jews was allowed and beyond which Jewish residency , permanent or temporary , was mostly forbidden .	Most Jews were still excluded from residency in a number of cities within the Pale as well .
Fast food is a type of mass-produced food designed for commercial resale and with a strong priority placed on `` speed of service '' versus other relevant factors involved in culinary science .	Fast food was originally created as a commercial strategy to accommodate the larger numbers of busy commuters , travelers and wage workers who often did not have the time to sit down at a public house or diner and wait for their meal .
Yuri Khatuevich Temirkanov ( ; ; born December 10 , 1938 ) is a Russian conductor of Circassian ( Kabardian ) origin .	Temirkanov has been the Music Director and Chief Conductor of the St. Petersburg Philharmonic since 1988 .
For avoiding confusion with the stronger concept that follows , such a constrictive proof is sometimes called an effective proof .	A constructive proof may also refer to the stronger concept of a proof that is valid in Constructive mathematics .
Alternative metal bands are often characterized by heavily downtuned , mid-paced guitar riffs , a mixture of accessible melodic vocals and harsh vocals and sometimes unconventional sounds within other heavy metal styles .	The term has been in use since the 1980s , although it came into prominence in the 1990s .
They can be found in dense thickets or conifers , often at eye level , although they can be found around 20 feet up .	Saw-whets are often in danger of being preyed upon by larger owls and raptors .
He is the grandson of noted Yiddish theater stars Boris and Bessie Thomashefsky , who performed in the Yiddish Theater District in Manhattan .	The family talent goes back to Tilson Thomas 's great-grandfather , Pincus , an actor and playwright , and before that to a long line of cantors ; his father , Theodor Herzl Tomashefsky , was a poet and painter .
All of the comic characters and backgrounds were initially created by comic artist Jim Woodring .	Later , tools became available that allowed user-created characters and backgrounds .
A noted expert in military studies , he was known by a nickname that became derogatory : `` Old Brains . ''	He was an important participant in the admission of California as a state and became a successful lawyer and land developer .
During the American Civil War , the Union Army referred to the United States Army , the land force that fought to preserve the Union of the collective states .	Also known as the Federal Army , it proved essential to the preservation of the United States of America as a working , viable republic .
Numerous conspiracy theories pertain to air travel and aircraft .	Incidents such as the 1955 bombing of the Kashmir Princess , the 1985 Arrow Air Flight 1285 crash , the 1986 Mozambican Tupolev Tu-134 crash , the 1987 Helderberg Disaster , the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 and the 1994 Mull of Kintyre helicopter crash as well as various aircraft technologies and alleged sightings , have all spawned theories of foul play which deviate from official verdicts .
The Committee on the Present Danger ( CPD ) is an American foreign policy interest group .	Its current stated single goal is `` to stiffen American resolve to confront the challenge presented by terrorism and the ideologies that drive it '' through `` education and advocacy '' .
In the mathematical theory of compact Lie groups a special role is played by torus subgroups , in particular by the maximal torus subgroups .	A torus in a compact Lie group `` G '' is a compact , connected , abelian Lie subgroup of `` G '' ( and therefore isomorphic to the standard torus T ) .
It was written by Frank Cottrell Boyce and directed by Michael Winterbottom .	The film was entered into the 2002 Cannes Film Festival .
Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle ( ; 22 October 1818 – 17 July 1894 ) was a French poet of the Parnassian movement .	He is traditionally known by his surname only , Leconte de Lisle '' .
Nevertheless , it has important communities of maritime plants .	There is evidence for human activity on the island from the Mesolithic period onwards and there are two ancient buildings on the island .
Les Fusiliers Mont-Royal is a Primary Reserve infantry regiment of the Canadian Army .	Les Fusiliers Mont-Royal originated in Montreal , Quebec on 18 June 1869 as The Mount Royal Rifles .
Once , it allocated six hours per day to educational programmes from BBC Learning ( shown in the European small hours ) ; this practice was abandoned in August 2006 `` with the intention of improving the relevance and appeal of the channel to the widest audience '' .	It also included a special children 's strand , using the CBBC brand and idents , by the name of CBBC on BBC Prime , or CBBC Prime .
After attending the Lycée Saint-Louis he became a clerk in the ministry of war , and won public favour as a poet of the Parnassian school .	His first printed verses date from 1864 .
Stephan A. Hoeller ( November 27 , 1931 ) is an American author and scholar .	He was born in Budapest , Hungary into a family of Austro-Hungarian nobility .
Besides light verse he wrote comedies , fables and , among other novels , `` Les Sacrifices de lamour , ou lettres de la vicomtesse de Senanges et du chevalier de Versenay '' ( 1771 ) .	He tried to cover his failures as a dramatist by buying up large numbers of seats for performances , and his books were lavishly illustrated by good artists and expensively produced , in order to secure their success .
V & S Group ( `` V & S Vin & Sprit AB '' ) , founded in 1917 , is an international producer and distributor of alcoholic beverages .	The group is currently owned by Pernod Ricard .
The channel is owned by Corus Entertainment , with a minority stake held by BBC Studios .	Alliance Atlantis ( AAC ) was granted a broadcast licence for a Category 2 speciality service covering `` entertainment , drama and documentary programming '' .
She is best-known today , however , for her letters , first published in 1809 , which offer compelling accounts of two tragic love affairs .	Julie-Jeanne-Éléonore de Lespinasse was born in Lyon , the illegitimate daughter of Julie-Claude-Hilaire d ’ Albon , who was the sole heir of an old family .
The minimum age to buy alcohol at Systembolaget is 20 years .	At Swedish restaurants and bars the legal age to buy alcoholic beverages is 18 years , though bars and clubs may voluntarily set an age limit higher than 18 if they prefer .
There are also black Caribs in Dominica and Trinidad .	The history of the Black Caribs is known thanks to reports that the British governor William Young sent to the British crown , in which he explained that the Black Caribs were a mix of Caribs and enslaved Africans from Spanish ships wrecked near its shores .
The company was founded in 1970 under the name `` Apoteksbolaget AB '' .	In 1998 the name was changed to the current one , `` Apoteket AB '' .
Moore was born in West Chester , Pennsylvania , the son of Rev .	William Eves Moore and Harriet Foot Moore .
Sóror Mariana Alcoforado ( Santa Maria da Feira , Beja , 22 April 1640Beja , 28 July 1723 ) was a Portuguese nun living in the convent of the Poor Clares ( Convento de Nossa Senhora da Conceição , `` Convent of Our Lady of the Conception '' ) in Beja , Portugal .	Debate continues as to whether Mariana was the real Portuguese author of the `` Letters of a Portuguese Nun '' ( comprising five letters ) .
Oesch , who used Lennart as his first name , was born to parents of Swiss origin , who had moved to Finland before his birth .	Oesch himself held dual Finnish-Swiss citizenship until 1920 .
It is popularly used as the “ traditional ” family structure .	The physical definition of an ie consists of an estate that includes a house , rice paddies and vegetable gardens , and its own section in the local cemetery .
After being on hiatus since the late 1990s , they returned to sporadic live performances in the early 2000s and released a new album in 2008 .	The band was formed by singer Simon Topping and guitar/electronics player Peter Terrell , who after initially performing as a duo , were soon joined by bass guitarist/vocalist Jez Kerr and then guitarist/trumpeter Martin Moscrop , the band playing without a drummer for a year .
He was the eldest of four children , and grew up in Switzerland , near the French border at Collonges-sous-Salève - a village in the French department of Haute-Savoie , where his father taught Latin and Greek at the Seventh-day Adventist Church seminary .	Following his education at French public schools , he attended basic courses at the Seventh-day Adventist Seminary in Collonges-sous-Salève .
In 2008 , it was split into current flagship channel Gold and miscellaneous channel , W , with comedy based programming now airing on Gold , non-crime drama and entertainment programming airing on W , and quiz shows and more high-brow comedy airing on Dave .	The channel is currently available as subscription-only on Sky , TalkTalk TV , BT TV , TVPlayer and Virgin Media .
He was probably a Samaritan , or possibly a Jew .	He came to Athens at a time when , with the exception of Proclus , there was a great dearth of eminent men in the Neoplatonist school .
He became head of the school in Athens in succession to Marinus , who followed Proclus .	Isidore was born in Alexandria .
Zenodotus ( ) was a Greek grammarian , literary critic , Homeric scholar , and the first librarian of the Library of Alexandria .	A native of Ephesus and a pupil of Philitas of Cos , he lived during the reigns of the first two Ptolemies , and was at the height of his reputation about 280 BC .
Crates of Mallus ( , `` Krátēs ho Mallṓtēs '' ; century ) was a Greek language grammarian and Stoic philosopher , leader of the literary school and head of the library of Pergamum .	He was described as the Crates from Mallus to distinguish him from other philosophers by the same name .
The tract contains short sentence descriptions of supposed , rumoured or lost books , pictures , and objects .	The subtitle describes the tract as an inventory of `` remarkable books , antiquities , pictures and rarities of several kinds , scarce or never seen by any man now living '' .
The theory of functions of several complex variables is the branch of mathematics dealing with complex valued functions	on the space of -tuples of complex numbers .
He holds a Ph.D. in human–computer interaction from the Technical University of Denmark in Copenhagen .	Nielsen 's earlier affiliations include Bellcore ( now Telcordia Technologies ) ( Bell Communications Research ) , the Technical University of Denmark , and the IBM User Interface Institute at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center .
In 1886 , Chevrolet 's family left Switzerland to live in Beaune , in the Côte-d'Or `` département '' of France .	There , as a young man , Louis developed his mechanical skills and interest in bicycle racing .
From 1866 to 1868 Robert Koch worked in Langenhagen .	On June 18 , 1972 , Red Army Faction terrorist Ulrike Meinhof was arrested in Langenhagen .
It is named after Charnwood Forest , an area which the borough contains much of .	The administrative centre of the borough is located in Loughborough , which is also the district 's largest town and its main commercial centre .
After serving in the United States Army during World War I , Reed emerged as a prominent corporate attorney and took positions with the Federal Farm Board and the Reconstruction Finance Corporation .	He took office as Solicitor General in 1935 , and defended the constitutionality of several New Deal policies .
The district is named after the village of Blaby .	The population of the district at the 2011 census was 93,915 .
The Carthaginians under Hannibal defeated the Romans under the consul Gaius Flaminius .	Hannibal 's victory over the Roman army at Lake Trasimene remains , in terms of the number of men involved , the largest ambush in military history .
These compounds are mainly used for de-icing and dust control .	Because the anhydrous salt is hygroscopic , it is used as a desiccant .
The resulting vegetation of Mediterranean climates are the garrigue in the Mediterranean Basin , the chaparral in California , the fynbos in South Africa and the Chilean scrubland in Chile .	Areas with this climate are where the so-called `` Mediterranean trinity '' has traditionally developed : wheat , vine and olive .
Wigston had a population of 32,321 in 2011 .	Wigston is five miles south of Leicester , at the centre of Leicestershire and the East Midlands .
Ironing works by loosening the ties between the long chains of molecules that exist in polymer fiber materials .	With the heat and the weight of the ironing plate , the fibers are stretched and the fabric maintains its new shape when cool .
Hinckley and Bosworth is a local government district with borough status in south-western Leicestershire , England , administered by Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council .	Its only towns are Hinckley , Earl Shilton and Market Bosworth .
Grand Prix motor racing came to Switzerland in 1934 , to the Bremgarten circuit , located just outside the town of Bremgarten , near Bern .	The Bremgarten circuit was the dominant circuit on the Swiss racing scene ; it was a stretch made up of public roads that went through stunning countryside and forests , sweeping from corner to corner without any real length of straight .
It is administered by Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council .	Hinckley is the second largest town in the administrative county of Leicestershire , after Loughborough .
In March 2003 , he successfully underwent surgery to repair a torn ACL and missed the remainder of the 2002–03 season .	He played for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins , an affiliate team of the Pittsburgh Penguins , in the American Hockey League during the 2004–05 NHL lockout .
However , he preferred the life of a composer to that of a performer .	Victoria was born in Sanchidrián in the province of Ávila , Castile around 1548 and died in 1611 .
Twycross Zoo is a medium to large zoo near Norton Juxta Twycross , Leicestershire .	The zoo has the largest collection of monkeys and apes in the Western World , and in 2006 re-launched itself as `` Twycross Zoo – The World Primate Centre '' .
Saga has had numerous line-up changes over the years .	The Crichton brothers were the only two original members who appeared on every album .
Because electroosmotic velocities are independent of conduit size , as long as the electrical double layer is much smaller than the characteristic length scale of the channel , electroosmotic flow will have little effect .	Electroosmotic flow is most significant when in small channels .
Val d'Isère is a commune of the Tarentaise Valley , in the Savoie department ( Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region ) in southeastern France .	It lies from the border with Italy .
Craig D. Adams ( born April 26 , 1977 ) is a Bruneian-born Canadian former professional ice hockey player , who most recently played with the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League .	Adams was born in Seria , Brunei , but was raised in Calgary , Alberta , residing and playing hockey in the community of Lake Bonavista .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to ants :	Ants – social insects with elbowed antennae and a distinctive node-like structure that forms a slender waist .
Many members of the Islamic Community of Bosnia and Herzegovina , including imams , took part in the party 's foundation .	Alija who was chosen as its chairman tried to resolve disputes between the Muslim nationalist-Islamists led by Omer Behmen and the left-wing Muslims led by Adil Zulfikarpašić .
It consisted of several elements , including land reform , sale of some state-owned factories to finance this land reform , construction of an expanded road , rail , and air network , a number of dam and irrigation projects , the eradication of diseases such as malaria , the encouragement and support of industrial growth , enfranchisement of women , nationalization of forests and pastures , formation of literacy and health corps for rural isolated areas , and institution of profit sharing schemes for workers in industry .	In the 1960s and 1970s the shah sought to develop a more independent foreign policy and established working relationships with the Soviet Union and eastern European nations .
The electrokinetic phenomenon of electrophoresis was observed for the first time in 1807 by Russian professors Peter Ivanovich Strakhov and Ferdinand Frederic Reuss at Moscow State University , who noticed that the application of a constant electric field caused clay particles dispersed in water to migrate .	It is ultimately caused by the presence of a charged interface between the particle surface and the surrounding fluid .
In its capacity as an academic stronghold of technology and science , the Technical University of Munich has played a vital role in Bavaria 's transition from an agricultural state to an industrial state and Hi-Tech centre .	Even to the present day , it is still the only state university dedicated to technology .
Its primary settlement is Basingstoke .	Other settlements include Bramley , Tadley , Kingsclere , Overton , Oakley , Whitchurch and the hamlet of Deane , some from Basingstoke .
In 1971 there was a shootout between men from Kravica and men from Muslim-inhabited Konjević Polje .	In 1991 , it was reported that neighbouring Serb-inhabited Kravica and Muslim-inhabited Glogova `` had bad blood '' .
King 's Lynn and West Norfolk is a local government district and borough in Norfolk , England .	Its council is based in the town of King 's Lynn .
Other notable villages included Alberbury , Bayston Hill , Bomere Heath , Condover , Cressage , Cross Houses , Dorrington , Ford , Hanwood , Minsterley , Montford Bridge , Nesscliffe , Pontesbury , Uffington and Westbury .	The Borough of Shrewsbury and Atcham covered , which was 19 % of the non-metropolitan county of Shropshire .
It has a population of just over 120,000 .	It borders the Warwickshire districts of Rugby to the east , and North Warwickshire to the west .
His first novel , `` Rainbow Boys '' ( 2001 ) , was selected by the American Library Association ( ALA ) , as a Best Book for Young Adults .	Subsequent books have won additional awards , including the Lambda Literary Award .
Circles of a sphere have radius less than or equal to the sphere radius , with equality when the circle is a great circle .	In the geographic coordinate system on a globe , the parallels of latitude are such circles , with the Equator the only great circle .
The Great Central Railway ( GCR ) is a heritage railway in Leicestershire , named after the company that originally built this stretch of railway .	It runs for between the large market town of Loughborough and a new terminus just north of Leicester .
A Roman 'ladder settlement ' was discovered by Channel Four 's Time Team programme in 2003 , in fields just to the west of Sedgefield .	It consisted of rows of crofts and workshops on either side of a north-south trackway , which could be securely dated by the many finds of Roman coins .
Mycobacterial cervical lymphadenitis , also known as scrofula , scrophula , struma , or the King 's evil , refers to a lymphadenitis of the cervical lymph nodes associated with tuberculosis as well as nontuberculous ( atypical ) mycobacteria .	Scrofula is the term used for lymphadenopathy of the neck , usually as a result of an infection in the lymph nodes , known as lymphadenitis .
It is intended to inform British citizens on how to protect themselves during a nuclear attack , and consists of a mixture of pamphlets , radio broadcasts , and public information films .	The series had originally been intended for distribution only in the event of dire national emergency , but provoked such intense public interest that the pamphlets were authorised for general release .
Morbillivirus is a genus of viruses in the order `` Mononegavirales '' , in the family `` Paramyxoviridae '' .	Humans , dogs , cats , cattle , and cetaceans serve as natural hosts .
Brixton is a London Underground station on Brixton Road in Brixton in the London Borough of Lambeth , South London .	The station is the southern terminus of the Victoria line .
Vermicelli is also used to describe various types of thin noodles in Asia .	As defined in Italy :
The alliance between the new king and his friend was cemented by diplomatic marriages : Darius married Gobryas ' daughter , and Gobryas married Darius ' sister .	Furthermore , Mardonius married Darius ' daughter Artozostra .
Its territory is now in central and southern Slovakia .	Today in Slovakia , Tekov is the informal designation of the corresponding territory .
Those from New England followed the Mohawk Trail into western New York .	The travelers from Philadelphia took Forbes ' Road to Pittsburgh , where they could travel west on the Ohio River .
Turóc ( Hungarian , historically also spelled `` Túrócz '' ) , , / '' comitatus Thurociensis '' , ) was an administrative county ( comitatus ) of the Kingdom of Hungary .	Its territory is now in north-western Slovakia , where the corresponding Slovak name Turiec is only an informal designation of the corresponding territory .
A `` download '' is a file offered for downloading or that has been downloaded , or the process of receiving such a file .	Downloading generally transfers entire files for local storage and later use , as contrasted with streaming , where the data is used nearly immediately , while the transmission is still in progress , and which may not be stored long-term .
It is defined as	where `` n '' is the number of quarks , and `` n '' is the number of antiquarks .
Stewart gained his first major title at the 1989 PGA Championship .	He won the 1991 U.S. Open after a playoff against Scott Simpson .
The project was initiated and directed by renowned scientist and University of Minnesota dean Athelstan Spilhaus .	The city was designed for 250,000 people over .
In mathematical analysis , the uniform norm ( or sup norm ) assigns to real- or complex-valued bounded functions `` f '' defined on a set `` S '' the non-negative number	This norm is also called the supremum norm , the Chebyshev norm , or the infinity norm .
It also drains the north side of the Lesser Caucasus while its main tributary , the Aras drains the south side of those mountains .	Starting in northeastern Turkey , it flows through Turkey to Georgia , then to Azerbaijan , where it receives the Aras as a right tributary , and enters the Caspian Sea at Neftçala .
To be used efficiently , all computer software needs certain hardware components or other software resources to be present on a computer .	These prerequisites are known as ( computer ) system requirements and are often used as a guideline as opposed to an absolute rule .
She fought as an ally of Xerxes I , King of Persia against the independent Greek city states during the second Persian invasion of Greece .	She personally commanded her contribution of five ships at the naval battle of Artemisium and in the naval Battle of Salamis in 480 BC .
`` Lost in the Stars '' opened on Broadway at the Music Box Theatre on October 30 , 1949 , and closed on July 1 , 1950 , after 281 performances .	The production was supervised and directed by Rouben Mamoulian and choreographed by La Verne French .
The artificial neuron receives one or more inputs ( representing excitatory postsynaptic potentials and inhibitory postsynaptic potentials at neural dendrites ) and sums them to produce an output ( or , representing a neuron 's action potential which is transmitted along its axon ) .	Usually each input is separately weighted , and the sum is passed through a non-linear function known as an activation function or transfer function .
Because West Germany was prevented from taking part in international events in the immediate post-war period , the German Grand Prix only became part of the Formula One World Championship in 1951 .	It was designated the European Grand Prix four times between 1954 and 1974 , when this title was an honorary designation given each year to one Grand Prix race in Europe .
It reached number 1 on the UK Indie Chart .	As of 2009 , sales in the United States have exceeded 71,000 copies , according to Nielsen SoundScan .
Scissors is a party game in which the rules of game are hidden from some of the players .	Players will sit in a circle and pass a pair of scissors to the player to the left of them .
In all , 19 U.S. Air Force personnel and a Saudi local were killed and 498 of many nationalities were wounded .	The official June 25 , 1996 , statement by the United States named members of Hezbollah Al-Hejaz ( ) as responsible .
It was produced by Dave Sitek and mixed by Alan Moulder .	Four singles were issued , the first being `` Date with the Night '' .
He was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Holborn and St. Pancras from 1979 to 2015 .	He served in the Cabinet as Secretary of State for Health from 1997-1999 , and was the official Labour Party candidate for Mayor of London in 2000 , ultimately finishing third in the election , behind Conservative Steven Norris and the winner , Labour-turned-Independent Ken Livingstone .
The program simulates R2000 and R3000 processors , and was written by James R. Larus while a professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison .	The MIPS machine language is often taught in college-level assembly courses , especially those using the textbook `` Computer Organization and Design : The Hardware/Software Interface '' by David A. Patterson and John L. Hennessy ( ) .
Linus Yale Jr. was born in Salisbury , New York .	Yale 's father , Linus Yale Sr. , opened a lock shop in the 1840s in Newport , New York , specializing in bank locks .
Basic principles of the pin tumbler lock may date as far back as 2000 BC in Egypt ; the lock consisted of a wooden post affixed to the door , and a horizontal bolt that slid into the post .	The bolt had vertical openings into which a set of pins fitted .
The War of the Eight Princes , Rebellion of the Eight Kings or Rebellion of the Eight Princes ( ) was a series of civil wars among kings/princes ( Chinese : `` wáng '' 王 ) of the Chinese Jin dynasty from AD 291 to 306 .	The key point of contention in these conflicts was the regency over the developmentally disabled Emperor Hui of Jin .
The company 's subsidiary , Royal Mail Group Limited , operates the brands Royal Mail ( letters ) and Parcelforce Worldwide ( parcels ) .	General Logistics Systems , an international logistics company , is a wholly owned subsidiary of Royal Mail Group .
In September 2016 , the FDA banned the use of nineteen chemicals frequently used in such products due to this and insufficient information on the long-term health effects of their use .	Triclosan and other antibacterial agents have long been used in commercial cleaning products for hospitals and other healthcare settings , however they began to be used in home cleaning products during the 1990s .
Postmillennialism expects that eventually the vast majority of people living will be saved .	Increasing gospel success will gradually produce a time in history prior to Christ 's return in which faith , righteousness , peace , and prosperity will prevail in the affairs of men and of nations .
However , the premillennialist view is not shared by all Christians .	Mainline denominations such as Eastern Orthodox , Anglican , and Catholic are generally amillennial and interpret this passage of Revelation as pertaining to the present time , when Christ reigns in Heaven with the departed saints ; such an interpretation views the symbolism of Revelation as referring to a spiritual battle rather than a physical battle on earth .
According to his explanation , the epicuticular wax on the leaves causes water to form beads , which in effect , become lenses .	These lenses focus the light to a spot on the leaf surface , and the image of this spot is directed as rays in the opposite direction .
According to the Parish , the ward had a population of 3,240 while the 2011 census had a population of 2,626 .	Kington is from the border with Wales and , despite being on the western side of Offa 's Dyke , has been English for over a thousand years .
Lindenwood University is a private liberal arts university in Saint Charles , Missouri .	Founded in 1827 by George Champlin Sibley and Mary Easton Sibley as The Lindenwood School for Girls , it is the second-oldest higher-education institution west of the Mississippi River and , since 1990 , the fastest-growing university in the Midwest .
Triclosan ( sometimes abbreviated as TCS ) is an antibacterial and antifungal agent present in some consumer products , including toothpaste , soaps , detergents , toys , and surgical cleaning treatments .	It is similar in its uses and mechanism of action to triclocarban .
Frank Hsieh ( ; born May 18 , 1946 ) is a Taiwanese politician .	A cofounder of the Democratic Progressive Party , he has served on the Taipei City Council , the Legislative Yuan , as the mayor of Kaohsiung City , and as the Premier of the Republic of China under president Chen Shui-bian .
Li Denghui ( , 1873–1947 , courtesy name `` Téngfēi '' ( ) ) , also Lee Teng Hwee , was the president of Fudan University of Shanghai , 1917–1937 .	Li 's ancestors came from Fujian , but he was born in Batavia , Dutch East Indies ( present day Jakarta ) .
The Battle of Lade ( , `` Naumachia tēs Ladēs '' ) was a naval battle which occurred during the Ionian Revolt , in 494 BC .	It was fought between an alliance of the Ionian cities ( joined by the Lesbians ) and the Persian Empire of Darius the Great , and resulted in a decisive victory for the Persians which all but ended the revolt .
Smith was born in Troy , Alabama and raised in Birmingham , Alabama .	He received his nickname as a child from his liking for climbing trees .
They can be either black , brown , or white-and-black ( called Landseer ) .	However , in Canada , the country of their origin , the only correct colours are either black or Landseer .
When the focus is specifically on the study of landforms , the term paleogeomorphology is sometimes used instead .	Paleogeography yields information that is crucial to scientific understanding in a variety of contexts .
The Battle of Ankara or Angora was fought on 20 July 1402 at the Tchubuk plain near Angora between the forces of the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid I ( Bajazet ) and Timur ( Tamerlane ) , ruler of the Timurid Empire .	The battle was a major victory for Timur , and it led to a period of crisis for the Ottoman Empire ( the Ottoman Interregnum ) .
It also provides an authenticated inter-process communication mechanism .	Most usage of SMB involves computers running Microsoft Windows , where it was known as `` Microsoft Windows Network '' before the introduction of Active Directory .
The Inn of the Sixth Happiness is a 1958 DeLuxe Color 20th Century Fox CinemaScope film based on the true story of Gladys Aylward , a tenacious British maid , who became a missionary in China during the tumultuous years leading up to the Second World War .	Directed by Mark Robson , who received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Director , the film stars Ingrid Bergman as Aylward and Curt Jürgens as her love interest , Captain Lin Nan , a Chinese officer with a Dutch father .
Though the Constitution was ratified and supplanted the Articles of Confederation , Anti-Federalist influence helped lead to the passage of the United States Bill of Rights .	During the American Revolution and its immediate aftermath , the term `` federal '' was applied to any person who supported the colonial union and the government formed under the Articles of Confederation .
`` Count Zero '' was serialized by `` Isaac Asimov 's Science Fiction Magazine '' in the 1986 January ( 100th issue ) , February and March issues , accompanied by black and white art produced by J. K. Potter .	The January cover is devoted to the story , with art by Hisaki Yasuda .
Taking place eight years after the events of `` Count Zero '' and fifteen years after `` Neuromancer '' , the story is formed from several interconnecting plot threads , and also features characters from Gibson 's previous works ( such as Molly Millions , the razor-fingered mercenary from `` Neuromancer '' ) .	One of the plot threads concerns Mona , a teen prostitute who has a more-than-passing resemblance to famed Simstim superstar Angie Mitchell .
In 1718 , Puckle patented his new invention , the `` Defence Gun '' — a tripod-mounted , single-barreled flintlock weapon fitted with a multishot revolving cylinder , designed for shipboard use to prevent boarding .	The barrel was long with a bore of and a pre-loaded cylinder which held 6-11 charges and could fire 63 shots in seven minutes—this at a time when the standard soldier 's musket could at best be loaded and fired five times per minute .
The ferry was later replaced by a road bridge at the foot of High Street , rebuilt three times , a rail bridge approaching Windsor across the river , and two road bridges above and below the village .	The name `` Datchet '' is thought to be Celtic in origin , and the last part may be related to `` cet '' ( `` wood '' ) .
Released by USA Films , the film was nominated in three categories at the 72nd Academy Awards : Best Director for Jonze , Best Original Screenplay for Kaufman and Best Supporting Actress for Keener .	Craig Schwartz is an unemployed puppeteer in a forlorn marriage with his pet-obsessed wife Lotte .
The RC model designation is for bikes up to 750 cc , though the Honda Pacific Coast ( PC800 ) has an engine of more than 750 cc and a model designation of RC34 .	The Hawk GT was one of the first modern naked bikes along with the Yamaha SRX , which were both released several years before the Ducati Monster and eventually the Suzuki SV650 .
Project Orbiter was a proposed United States spacecraft , an early competitor to Project Vanguard .	It was jointly run by the United States Army and United States Navy .
The action of `` uke '' is called `` taking . ''	Literally translated as `` receiving body '' , it is the art of knowing how to respond correctly to an attack and often incorporates skills to allow one to do so safely .
An otherwise unspecified busy signal indicates that the called number is occupied :	The standard busy signal sometimes occurs ( sometimes with an intercept message played over the busy ) at the end of a call to indicate the other party has hung up ( see Disconnect tone ) , but mostly the off-hook tone is used .
It was a planned community first proposed in 1969 by Floyd McKissick , a civil rights leader and director of the Congress of Racial Equality .	Funded by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development , ( HUD ) as one of thirteen model city projects under the Urban Growth and New Community Development Act , it was located on in Warren County near Manson-Axtell Road and Soul City Boulevard in Norlina , North Carolina , 27563 .
He was assistant puppeteer to Fred Rogers , working with him at WQED in Pittsburgh on Rogers 's noontime program , `` The Children 's Corner '' .	Rogers and Coombs became close friends and when Rogers was offered a show in 1963 at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , he invited Coombs to join him in Canada to work on an early version of `` Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood '' , called `` Misterogers '' .
Because he suffered a serious head injury , Rees-Jones does not recall many details .	Early media reports claimed he survived because he was wearing a seat belt , but a December 2006 `` Operation Paget '' technical examination said that none of the occupants of the car were wearing their seat belt .
The park is in length and no more than wide , and has over of shoreline .	It preserves a wilderness of freshwater springs and geologically recent lava flows .
William Humble Ward , 2nd Earl of Dudley , ( 25 May 1867 – 29 June 1932 ) , was a British aristocrat , politician , and military officer who served as the fourth Governor-General of Australia , in office from 1908 to 1911 .	He was previously Lord Lieutenant of Ireland from 1902 to 1905 , and also a government minister under Lord Salisbury .
Henri Paul ( 3 July 1956 – 31 August 1997 ) was the driver of the Mercedes S280 in which Diana , Princess of Wales , died on 31 August 1997 .	As Deputy Head of Security at the Hôtel Ritz Paris , Paul had been off duty that evening but was called back to drive Diana and Dodi Fayed to their apartment .
It is located in Lake County , California , USA .	Anderson Marsh is located at the head of Cache Creek on the southeast corner of Clear Lake , the largest natural lake completely within the borders of California .
Gorgonzola ( ) is an Italian town of c. 20,000 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Milan , Lombardy .	It is part of the territory of the Martesana , north-east of Milan .
Cooper 's grandchildren Andrew and Frances Molera inherited the property from their mother in 1918 , and after Andrew died in 1931 , Frances stipulated in 1965 that the park should be named for her brother , who popularized the artichoke in California in 1922 , when she sold the property to The Nature Conservancy in 1965 .	Activities at the park include hiking , fishing and beachcombing , with miles of trails winding through meadows , beaches and hilltops .
Ernie Pike is a comics series written by Héctor Germán Oesterheld and originally drawn by Hugo Pratt , starring a World War II and Korean War reporter .	It was first published in the magazine `` '' Hora Cero '' '' in Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1957 .
Angel Island is an island in San Francisco Bay offering expansive 360° views of the San Francisco skyline , the Marin County Headlands and Mount Tamalpais .	The entire island is included within Angel Island State Park and is administered by California State Parks .
Rapson was born in Alma , Michigan with a deformed right arm that was amputated at birth ; he learned to draw expertly with his left hand .	He earned architecture degrees at the University of Michigan , and at the Cranbrook Academy of Art , where he studied under Eliel Saarinen .
The city was founded by the United States in 1850 , as the Atlantic terminal of the Panama Railroad , then under construction to meet the demand during the California Gold Rush for a fast route to California .	For a number of years early in its history , the sizable United States émigré community called the town Aspinwall after Panama Railroad promoter William Henry Aspinwall , while the city 's Hispanic community called it Colón in honor of Christopher Columbus .
During the Spanish colonial period , the Colon region of Panama was the center of trade , commerce , and overall economy for the Spanish .	They imported many black African slaves to this area to work in Panama and to ship to other Spaniard colonies .
Sima ( , ) is a Chinese family name .	It is one of the rare two-character Chinese family names ; most Chinese family names consist of only a single character .
The American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) was a national federation of labor unions in the United States founded in Columbus , Ohio , in December 1886 by an alliance of craft unions disaffected from the Knights of Labor , a national labor union .	Samuel Gompers of the Cigar Makers ' International Union was elected president at its founding convention and reelected every year , except one , until his death in 1924 .
The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan ( sometimes abbreviated as The Amazing Chan Clan ) is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions , animated by Eric Porter Studios in Australia and broadcast on CBS from September 9 , 1972 to December 30 , 1972 , with reruns continuing through the summer of 1973 and in syndication from 1976 to 1982 .	It premiered shortly after what would have been Charlie Chan creator Earl Derr Biggers ' 88th birthday .
It was modeled loosely after the Château d'Amboise , a royal retreat in France 's Loire Valley .	The hotel has 63 rooms and suites priced from $ 575 to $ 3,000 per night .
A cottage ( , `` '' ) or shack serving as a family 's main or only home , or an outbuilding , is not considered a dacha , although some dachas recently have been converted to year-round residences and vice versa .	In some cases , owners occupy their dachas for part of the year and rent them to urban residents as summer retreats .
His family initially lived on his maternal grandmother Sheperd 's farm in Atlantic , then moved to Andover , Ohio , where his father became a railroad fireman while studying to become a minister .	They moved often , to follow their father 's ministerial posts , and Maxwell was frequently sick , missing a great deal of school .
Charles Albanel ( 1616 – 11 January 1696 ) , born in Ardes or Auvergne , was a French missionary explorer in Canada , and a Jesuit priest .	In 1649 , he arrived in Canada at Tadoussac where he spent many winters among the Montagnais Indians .
William Gale Vinton ( November 17 , 1947 – October 4 , 2018 ) was an American animator and filmmaker .	He won an Oscar for his work and several Emmy Awards and Clio Awards for his studio 's work .
Jonathan Prentiss Dolliver ( February 6 , 1858October 15 , 1910 ) was a Republican orator , U.S. Representative , then U.S .	Senator from Iowa at the turn of the 20th century .
He was responsible for transporting millions of British immigrants to Canada , and the businesses that he established from Montreal filtered across every sphere of Canadian life , cementing his reputation as an empire builder .	His home , Ravenscrag , was the principal residence of the Golden Square Mile in Montreal .
and from 1980 the Janov Primal Center on Ashland Ave. in Santa Monica , California .	Janov was the author of many books , most notably `` The Primal Scream '' ( 1970 ) .
The common name has been said to come from the Welsh word for a snipe , `` giach '' ( pronounced with a hard `` g '' ) , but modern dictionaries say it comes from the masculine name Jack .	Alfred Newton hypothesized that , `` It may be , as in Jackass , an indication of sex , for it is a popular belief that the Jack-Snipe is the male of the common species ; or , again , it may refer to the comparatively small size of the bird , as the 'jack ' in the game of bowls is the smallest of the balls used , and as fishermen call the smaller Pikes Jacks . ''
He remains a controversial figure in Polish history .	Recognized as a great patron of the arts and sciences and an initiator and firm supporter of progressive reforms , he is also remembered as the King of the Commonwealth whose election was marred by Russian intervention .
He was a lawyer by profession , and practised in Quebec City .	He co-founded the Société Saint-Jean-Baptiste of Quebec City in 1842 .
The great snipe ( `` Gallinago media '' ) is a small stocky wader in the genus `` Gallinago '' .	This bird 's breeding habitat is marshes and wet meadows with short vegetation in north-eastern Europe , including north-western Russia .
Primal therapy was developed as a means of eliciting the repressed pain ; the term `` Pain '' is capitalized in discussions of primal therapy when referring to any repressed emotional distress and its purported long-lasting psychological effects .	Janov criticizes the talking therapies as they deal primarily with the cerebral cortex and higher-reasoning areas and do not access the source of Pain within the more basic parts of the central nervous system .
A lifeguard is a rescuer who supervises the safety and rescue of swimmers , surfers , and other water sports participants such as in a swimming pool , water park , spa , beach or river .	Lifeguards are strong swimmers and trained in CPR/AED first aid , certified in water rescue using a variety of aids and equipment depending on requirements of their particular venue .
Cabooses provide shelter for crew at the end of a train , formerly required in switching and shunting , keeping a lookout for load shifting , damage to equipment and cargo , and overheating axles .	Originally flatcars fitted with cabins or modified box cars , they later became purpose-built with projections above or to the sides of the car to allow crew to observe the train from shelter .
Common names include catclaw acacia , catclaw mesquite , Gregg 's catclaw , paradise flower , wait-a-minute bush , and wait-a-bit tree ; these names mostly come from the fact that the tree has numerous hooked prickles with the shape and size of a cat 's claw , that tend to hook onto passers-by ; the hooked person must stop ( `` wait a minute '' ) to remove the prickles carefully to avoid injury or shredded clothing .	( Note : `` cat 's claw '' is also used to refer to `` Uncaria tomentosa '' , a woody vine found in the tropical jungles of South and Central America )
Brake van and guard 's van are terms used mainly in the UK , Australia and India for a railway vehicle equipped with a hand brake which can be applied by the guard .	The equivalent North American term is caboose , but a British brake van and a caboose are very different in appearance , because the former usually has only four wheels , while the latter usually has bogies .
Lautenberg was elected to five terms as a Senator .	He first took office in December 1982 and served three terms , retiring from the Senate in 2001 .
The 4th Infantry Division is a division of the United States Army based at Fort Carson , Colorado .	It is composed of a Headquarters and Headquarters Battalion , three brigade combat teams ( 1st Stryker BCT , 2nd Infantry BCT , and 3rd Armored BCT ) , a Combat Aviation Brigade , the 4th Infantry Division Sustainment Brigade , and a Division Artillery .
It was recorded May 1981 in Nashville , and released on 23 October 1981 .	The record 's songs consist entirely of country covers , including works originally written by Hank Williams , Merle Haggard , George Jones and Gram Parsons .
All 16 of the original Major League franchises ( i.e. , those in place when the first World Series was played in 1903 ) have won the World Series , with the longest wait for a franchise 's first championship being for the Phillies ( years , ending in 1980 ) .	Since expansion began in 1961 , seven of the 14 expansion teams have never won the World Series .
It was formed in 1921 and served during World War II , the Korean War , the Vietnam War , the Persian Gulf War , with the Stabilization Force in Bosnia-Herzegovina , in the Iraq War , in the War in Afghanistan and in Operation Freedom 's Sentinel .	As of October 2017 , the 1st Cavalry Division is subordinate to III Corps and is commanded by Major General Paul T. Calvert .
The Constitutional history of Greece goes back to the Greek War of Independence ( 1821–1832 ) , during which the first three revolutionary Greek constitutions were adopted .	Syntagma Square ( `` Plateia Syntagmatos '' ) in Athens is named after the first constitution adopted in the modern Greek State .
This is popularly referred to as `` signing the Official Secrets Act '' .	Signing this has no effect on which actions are legal , as the act is a law , not a contract , and individuals are bound by it whether or not they have signed it .
Discretization is also related to discrete mathematics , and is an important component of granular computing .	In this context , `` discretization '' may also refer to modification of variable or category `` granularity '' , as when multiple discrete variables are aggregated or multiple discrete categories fused .
Note that even though , prior to the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus , Turkish names existed for some villages/towns , due to political reasons , most of the villages/towns were given a different Turkish name .	The largest cities in Cyprus are Nicosia , Limassol , Larnaca , Famagusta , Paphos and Kyrenia .
The northern coast of the island is also on the south side of the large gulf known as the Bay of Mecklenburg , which Wismar Bay enters into .	Insel Poel thus forms on its northern side the unofficial latitude of the northern boundary of the Wismar Bay .
KoalaPainter was called KoalaPaint in some versions for the Apple II , and PC Design for the IBM PC .	A program called `` Graphics Exhibitor '' was included for creating slideshow presentations from KoalaPainter drawings .
A fossil trackway of footprints of humans and ground sloths dating from the last ice age shows that ground sloths lived at White Sands , and were hunted by humans at least 11,700 years ago .	The first Euro-American exploration was led by a party of US Army officers in 1849 .
It is the location of the University of Greifswald 's ornithological station .	Gerhart Hauptmann and Walter Felsenstein are buried there .
Greifswalder Oie ( literally `` Greifswald 's isle '' ) is a small island in the Baltic Sea , located east of Rügen on the German coast .	The island covers an area of about 54 hectares .
The Baltic Sea island of Vilm lies in the bay south of the much larger island of Rügen , it is one of Germany 's most remote and tranquil spots .	Covering less than 1 km² , Vilm is the remnant of a moraine left as the glaciers retreated about 6000 years ago .
The City of Stockholm is situated on fourteen islands and on the banks to the archipelago where Lake Mälaren meets the Baltic Sea .	The city centre is virtually situated on the water .
The eastern basins the Gulf of Finland and the Gulf of Riga are likewise not considered part of the Baltic Sea proper .	Whether islands situated in , or on the borders to , these basins ( Åland Islands , Hailuoto and Kotlin ) shall be included in the list is therefore a matter of definition .
Toom–Cook , sometimes known as Toom-3 , named after Andrei Toom , who introduced the new algorithm with its low complexity , and Stephen Cook , who cleaned the description of it , is a multiplication algorithm for large integers .	Given two large integers , `` a '' and `` b '' , Toom–Cook splits up `` a '' and `` b '' into `` k '' smaller parts each of length `` l '' , and performs operations on the parts .
Both her parents had strong musical inclinations which were passed on to their children , with Sahlene herself singing from an early age in addition to learning cello , guitar , oboe and piano .	However her performing career began as an actress : at age nine she had a lead role in `` The Children of Noisy Village '' ( 1986 ) , based on a story by Astrid Lindgren , and subsequently reprised her role - that of Anna - in the sequel `` More About the Children of Noisy Village '' ( 1987 ) appearing in both films billed as Anna Sahlin .
Gurtu was born to Hindu Brahmin parents in Mumbai , Kashmiri Pandit father and Marathi mother and attended Don Bosco High School ( Matunga ) in Mumbai .	His mother , singer Shobha Gurtu , encouraged him to learn playing tabla , and he studied playing the instrument under Shah Abdul Karim .
Annely Peebo ( born 16 November 1971 ) is a mezzo-soprano from Estonia .	Annely Peebo gained a diploma for choral conducting and completed vocal studies in opera .
Weston-super-Mare , also known as just Weston is a seaside town in Somerset , England , on the Bristol Channel south west of Bristol between Worlebury Hill and Bleadon Hill .	It includes the suburbs of Oldmixon , West Wick and Worle .
He made his first movie appearance in `` Suflöör '' ( 1993 ) .	So far , Matvere has played or voiced in seven films and television series including foreign TV- series .
A water park or waterpark is an amusement park that features water play areas such as swimming pools , water slides , splash pads , water playgrounds , and lazy rivers , as well as areas for bathing , swimming , and other barefoot environments .	Modern water parks may also be equipped with some type of artificial surfing or bodyboarding environment , such as a wave pool or flowrider .
Robert Paul Smith ( April 16 , 1915 – January 30 , 1977 ) was an American author , most famous for his classic evocation of childhood , `` Where Did You Go ?	Out .
Voutilainen has released a total of six albums and since 1999 she has hosted a TV show of her own .	Voutilainen participated in the Finnish national preliminary round for Eurovision 2002 with the song `` Addicted to You '' .
He was an ardent abolitionist of human slavery and supporter of universal suffrage .	He was a founding member of the Bureau des longitudes , the Institut de France , and the Conservatoire national des arts et métiers .
Prominent members include the Parktown prawn of South Africa , and the giant weta of New Zealand .	The distribution of this family reflects a common ancestry before the fragmenting of Gondwana .
Common names for these insects include the cave weta , cave crickets , camelback crickets , camel crickets , spider crickets ( sometimes shortened to `` criders '' , or `` land shrimp '' or `` sprickets '' ) and sand treaders .	Those occurring in New Zealand , Australia , and Tasmania are typically referred to as jumping or cave weta .
In 2002 François was invited by French television to represent her country in the Eurovision Song Contest .	Rick Allison , Marie-Florence Gros and Patrick Bruel wrote a song for her called `` Il faut du temps . ''
are the same element of `` Y '' .	The kernel of `` f '' is the equivalence relation thus defined .
In the 13th century , it became a part of the Novgorod Republic along with the southern part of the Kola Peninsula , and in 1478 was annexed by the Grand Duchy of Moscow .	In 1915 , the construction of a seaport started , and in 1918 a railroad connecting Moscow to Murmansk running through Kandalaksha was opened .
Social Learning Theory is a theory of learning and social behavior which proposes that new behaviors can be acquired by observing and imitating others .	It states that learning is a cognitive process that takes place in a social context and can occur purely through observation or direct instruction , even in the absence of motor reproduction or direct reinforcement .
Wilhelm Müller was born on 7 October 1794 at Dessau , the son of a tailor .	He was educated at the gymnasium of his native town and at the University of Berlin , where he devoted himself to philological and historical studies .
From an early age she was interested in music due to her father 's love of jazz .	She also sang in a school choir and a gospel choir .
This is a list of islands of Denmark .	There are about 406 islands in Denmark , not including the Faroe Islands or Greenland .
There are 2355 islands in total .	Abruka – Adralaid – Aegna ( Wulf ) – Ahelaid – Aherahu ( Atla ) – Aherahu – Ahessäär – Ahtra – Aksi – Allirahu ( Kõiguste ) – Allirahu ( Pihtla ) ( Väike-Prangli ) – Allirahu – Allu – Alumine Vaika – Anekäbrud – Ankrurahu – Annilaid ( Anõlaid ) – Antsulaiud – Anulaid – Auklaiust
Most of these are inhabited , and with a road connection to the mainland .	There are 455 permanently inhabited islands in Finland with no road connection to mainland .
- < br >	Coreca Reefs - < br >
A commission of cardinals under Pope Leo XIII arbitrated a dispute for the Caroline Islands and others extending from the Equator to 11°N Latitude and from 133°E to 164°E Longitude .	Germany and Spain on 17 December 1885 agreed in a treaty that they were a part of the Spanish East Indies .
Ireland is itself an island , lying west of the island of Great Britain and northwest of mainland Europe .	Islands are listed clockwise around the coast , starting from the north-east .
This is a list of selected Australian islands grouped by State or Territory .	Australia has 8,222 islands within its maritime borders .
Three major groups of islands in the Pacific Ocean are Polynesia , Micronesia and Melanesia .	Depending on the context , `` Pacific Islands '' may refer to countries and islands with common Austronesian origins , islands once or currently colonized , or Oceania .
Córdoba Department :	Magdalena Department :
Note that the IHO definition of the ocean excludes the seas , gulfs , bays , etc. , bordering the ocean itself .	Thus , for instance , not all of the islands of the United Kingdom are actually `` in '' or `` bordering on '' the Atlantic .
The northern half is administratively part of Kagoshima Prefecture and Kyushu .	The North-Eastern Group :
This is a list of islands of Malaysia .	According to the Department of Survey and Mapping , Malaysia , there are a total of 878 islands in the country .
More than 5,000 islands of the archipelago are yet to be named .	The following list breaks the islands down further by region and smaller island group for easier reference .
This is a list of islands of Sri Lanka .	There are number of islands around Sri Lanka .
The island of Taiwan , formerly known as Formosa , is the largest island and the main component of whole ROC governing territories .	Islands that are claimed by the ROC but not administered , such as the Senkaku Islands and most of South China Sea Islands , are excluded from the list .
Formerly most of the islands in Thailand were uninhabited , but in recent times many have been developed for tourism .	Some of the island groups in Thailand come in clusters of numerous individual islands : Phang Nga Bay has 67 , the Mu Ko Chang National Park has 52 , Tarutao National Marine Park has 51 , and Mu Ko Ang Thong National Park has 42 .
Several Sea Islands , including	along with numerous small unnamed islands .
Currently , artificial islands are an expensive -- but in some cases highly profitable -- option for many cities which lack land ( such as Tokyo 's Odaiba and Fukuoka 's island city project ) .	In the future they may be common sites as many cities ( especially Asian cities ) around the world face severe urban land shortages and congestion .
crannógs and Nan Madol discussed below ) .	In modern times artificial islands are usually formed by land reclamation , but some are formed by the incidental isolation of an existing piece of land during canal construction ( e.g .
He was born Laurent Gouvion in Toul , Three Bishoprics ( now Meurthe-et-Moselle ) , the eldest child of Jean-Baptiste Gouvion , a tanner , and his wife Anne-Marie Mercier .	He adopted the name Saint-Cyr after his mother , who had abandoned him at an early age .
Although the continental landmasses listed below are not normally called islands ( by definition a landmass can not be both an island and a continent ) , they are , in fact , land entirely surrounded by water .	In effect , they are enormous islands and are shown here for that reason .
He was selected as an American Football League All-Star in 1968 and 1969 .	A ferocious pass-rusher , Philbin recorded 14½ sacks of opposing quarterbacks in 1968 , helping the Jets win the AFL Championship .
Werblin was born in Brooklyn , New York .	A graduate of Rutgers University , he went to work for Music Corporation of America ( MCA ) in 1932 and was so successful that in 1951 he was made president of MCA 's television division .
He joined the republican army as a volunteer in 1799 .	At the time there was no officer school for cadets .
He entered the army at an early age , obtained commissioned rank in the revolutionary wars and became `` aide-de-camp '' to Bernadotte .	In 1802 he was arrested on the grounds of being concerned in a plot of the Republicans against the Consulate , but he was released , though Napoleon continued to regard him as an opponent of the established regime .
Born at Rebecq , he was prevented by acute pleurisy from going to university .	He worked in his uncle 's chemical factory from the age of 21 .
Prior to becoming the principal owner of the Raiders , he served as the team 's head coach from 1963 to 1965 and part owner from 1966 to 1971 , assuming both positions while the Raiders were part of the American Football League ( AFL ) .	He also served as the commissioner of the AFL in 1966 .
Until November 2004 it was named The Westend Church .	Started in approximately 1995 by The Life Centre , the Westend Church moved from a renovated warehouse on Woodward Drive in Carlington , to the Fisher Park High School auditorium in Ottawa West , finally to their own building on Slack Road near Merivale Rd .
His talent for war along with his reputation as a stern disciplinarian earned him the title `` The Iron Marshal '' .	He is ranked along with Masséna and Lannes as one of Napoleon 's finest commanders .
He was born in Athens , on 3 April 1957 , and studied Mechanical Engineering in Great Britain .	From 1982 to 1985 , he participated at a rock group called Scraptown .
Adam Philippe , Comte de Custine ( 4 February 174028 August 1793 ) was a French general .	As a young officer in the Bourbon Royal army , he served in the Seven Years ' War .
He was one of Napoleon 's most daring and talented generals .	Napoleon once commented on Lannes : `` '' I found him a pygmy and left him a giant '' '' .
Sarit Hadad ( , ) ( born on September 20 , 1978 ) is an Israeli singer .	In October 2009 , the Israeli Music TV Channel ( Channel 24 ) crowned Hadad `` best female singer of the 2000s '' .
More generally , if `` x '' is a point in the domain of a function `` f '' , then `` f '' is said to be `` differentiable at x '' if the derivative `` f '' ′ ( `` x '' ) exists .	This means that the graph of `` f '' has a non-vertical tangent line at the point ( `` x '' , `` f '' ( `` x '' ) ) .
From 1992 to 1994 Stepukonis earned baccalaureate in theology and philosophy from the Franciscan University of Steubenville ( Ohio , USA ) in 1995 and master 's degree from the International Academy of Philosophy in Schaan ( Liechtenstein ) in 1997 .	From 2001 to 2005 he received his doctorate in philosophy at the Lithuanian Culture , Philosophy , and Art Research Institute in Vilnius .
In linear algebra , a matrix is in echelon form if it has the shape resulting from a Gaussian elimination .	Row echelon form means that Gaussian elimination has operated on the rows and
The name appears to mean `` a sojourner there '' ( גר שם `` ger sham '' ) , which the text argues was a reference to Moses ' flight from Egypt .	Biblical scholars regard the name as being essentially the same as `` Gershon '' and it is Gershom rather than Gershon who is sometimes listed by the Book of Chronicles as a founder of one of the principal Levite factions .
Generally `` contemporary classical music '' amounts to :	At the beginning of the twentieth century , composers of classical music were experimenting with an increasingly dissonant pitch language , which sometimes yielded atonal pieces .
Her career was just starting , so she used the national festivals to promote her voice and talent .	She became a regular participant in SkopjeFest , debuting in 1994 with a performance of the song `` Koj da ti kaže '' ( `` Who to tell you '' ) .
MacDonald was born in Sedan , Ardennes , France .	His father , Neil MacEachen , later MacDonald , came from a Jacobite family from Howbeg in South Uist , in the west of Scotland .
Philippe-Paul , comte de Ségur ( 4 November 1780 in Paris – 25 February 1873 ) was a French general and a historian .	Ségur was the son of Louis Philippe , comte de Ségur and was born in Paris 4 November 1780 .
Vasak 's theories have primarily taken root in European law .	His divisions follow the three watchwords of the French Revolution : `` Liberty , Equality , Fraternity '' .
Johnny Nolan Robinson ( born September 9 , 1938 ) is a former American football safety .	He played college football at Louisiana State University ( LSU ) .
Ségur was born in Paris , the son of Philippe Henri , marquis de Ségur and Louise Anne Madeleine de Vernon .	He entered the army in 1769 , served in the American War of Independence in 1781 as a colonel under Rochambeau .
Her career breakthrough came in 2002 , when she represented Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with the song `` 7th Wonder '' .	She placed second in the competition , Malta 's best ever result .
He is best known for his 15-year tenure with the Dallas Texans/Kansas City Chiefs of the American Football League ( AFL ) and National Football League ( NFL ) .	Stram won three AFL championships , more than any other coach in the league 's history .
The Romanian song `` Rugă pentru pacea lumii '' was not chosen to go to the international final in Oslo .	In the same year , she won the `` Golden Stag '' for Romania .
Lamar Hunt ( August 2 , 1932 – December 13 , 2006 ) was an American businessman notable for his promotion of American football , soccer , basketball , tennis and ice hockey in the United States and for his efforts in conjunction with his brothers , William Herbert Hunt and Nelson Bunker Hunt , to corner the silver market in the late 1970s and early 1980s .	He was the principal founder of the American Football League ( AFL ) and Major League Soccer ( MLS ) , as well as MLS 's predecessor , the North American Soccer League ( NASL ) , and co-founder of World Championship Tennis .
In each instance , a visa is subject to entry permission by an immigration official at the time of actual entry , and can be revoked at any time .	A visa most commonly takes the form of a sticker endorsed in the applicant 's passport or other travel document .
His love of soldiering soon showed itself , and his father took him to Dijon to learn mathematics prior to entering the artillery , and there he made the acquaintance of Napoleon Bonaparte , which he renewed after obtaining his commission when he served in Toulon .	The acquaintance ripened into intimacy ; Marmont became General Bonaparte 's `` aide-de-camp '' , remained with him during his disgrace and accompanied him to Italy and Egypt , winning distinction and promotion to general of brigade .
György Kurtág ( ; born 19 February 1926 in Lugoj ) is an award-winning Hungarian classical composer and pianist .	He was an academic teacher of piano at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music from 1967 , later also of chamber music , and taught until 1993 .
Daniel Raymond `` Quiz '' Quisenberry ( ; February 7 , 1953 – September 30 , 1998 ) was an American right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played primarily for the Kansas City Royals .	Notable for his submarine-style pitching delivery and his humorous quotes , he led the American League in saves a record five times ( 1980 , 1982–85 ) , and retired in 1990 with 244 saves , then the 6th-highest total in major league history .
They were first given in 1975 , at the first World Fantasy Convention , and have been awarded annually since .	Over the years that the award has been given , the categories presented have changed ; currently World Fantasy Awards are given in five written categories , one category for artists , and four special categories for individuals to honor their general work in the field of fantasy .
As a boy , he was instructed in the military art by his father , an officer of the `` Corps de genie '' ( Engineer Corps ) .	At the age of seventeen , he entered the army , serving successively in the staff , the engineers and the Prince of Lambesq 's dragoons .
Croatian literature across the centuries is argued to demonstrate a tendency to cherish Slavic words and word coinage , and to expel `` foreign '' borrowings .	Croatian philologist Zlatko Vince articulates this tendency as follows :
The earliest camcorders were tape-based , recording analog signals onto videotape cassettes .	In 2006 , digital recording became the norm , with tape replaced by storage media such as mini-HD , microDVD , internal flash memory and SD cards .
Originally , at the end of the ice age , the lake extended some 30 km , from Sillingy all the way to the site of Faverges , at the base of the Dent de Cons mountain .	In those times , the waters of the lake joined the river Isère , and people first settled the lakeshores and sunny slopes .
He graduated from Fordham University in 1969 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in history and from Boston University in 1971 with a Master of Arts degree in anthropology .	He studied to become a Jesuit priest , but decided he would rather work with children after having jobs at orphanages and daycare centers .
Usually , each argument must be specified in full ( this is the case in the C programming language ) .	Later languages ( for example , in C++ ) allow the programmer to specify default arguments that always have a value , even if one is not specified when calling the function .
His first hit was `` Frumoasa mea '' by Ovidiu Komornyc .	His latest album is `` Te vreau langa mine '' ( I want you near me ) .
Montmin is a former commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France .	On 1 January 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of Talloires-Montmin .
The jugal point is the anterior end of upper border of the zygomatic arch where it meets the process of the zygomatic bone .	The zygomatic process of the temporal arises by two roots :
Rear Admiral Sir John Franklin ( 16 April 1786 – 11 June 1847 ) was a British Royal Navy officer and explorer of the Arctic .	Franklin also served as Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen 's Land from 1837 to 1843 .
The rank-nullity theorem is a fundamental theorem in linear algebra which relates the dimensions of a linear map 's kernel and image with the dimension of its domain .	Let formula_1 , formula_2 be vector spaces , where formula_1 is finite dimensional .
The Welsh Government ( ) is the devolved government of Wales .	It was established by the Government of Wales Act 1998 , which created a devolved administration for Wales in line with the result of the 1997 referendum on devolution .
where `` N '' ( `` t '' ) is the quantity at time `` t '' , and `` N '' = `` N '' ( 0 ) is the initial quantity , i.e .	the quantity at time `` t '' = 0 .
Although the `` Front Mission '' video games use self-contained , standalone stories , these tie into a greater overarching storyline that encompasses the entire series .	In combination with the stories from its other media , the series possesses a level of storytelling depth and continuity comparable to a serial drama .
The narrator , who fell in love with Annabel Lee when they were young , has a love for her so strong that even angels are envious .	He retains his love for her even after her death .
Though similar in appearance to gulls , fulmars are in fact members of the family Procellariidae , which include petrels and shearwaters .	The northern fulmar and its sister species , the southern fulmar ( `` Fulmarus glacialoides '' ) , are the extant members of the genus `` Fulmarus '' .
The southern fulmar ( `` Fulmarus glacialoides '' ) is a seabird of the Southern Hemisphere .	Along with the northern fulmar , `` F. glacialis '' , it belongs to the fulmar genus `` Fulmarus '' in the family Procellariidae , the true petrels .
The red-necked phalarope was one of the many bird species originally described by Linnaeus in the landmark 1758 10th edition of his `` Systema Naturae '' , where it was given the binomial name of `` Tringa lobata '' .	It has also been known as the northern phalarope .
The red phalarope was one of the many bird species originally described by Linnaeus in the landmark 1758 10th edition of his `` Systema Naturae '' , where it was given the binomial name of `` Tringa fulicaria '' .	The English and genus names for phalaropes come through French `` phalarope '' and scientific Latin `` Phalaropus '' from Ancient Greek `` phalaris '' , `` coot '' , and `` pous '' , `` foot '' .
They are passage migrants through Central America around March/April and again during September/October .	The species is a rare vagrant to western Europe .
The Ateneo de Manila University ( Filipino : `` Pamantasang Ateneo de Manila ; '' Spanish : '' Universidad Ateneo de Manila '' ) is a private Roman Catholic research university in Quezon City , Philippines .	Founded in 1859 by the Society of Jesus , Ateneo is the third-oldest university in the Philippines .
Field corn can also be harvested as high-moisture corn , shelled off the cob and piled and packed like sileage for fermentation ; or the entire plant may be chopped while still very high in moisture with the resulting silage either loaded and packed in plastic bags , piled and packed in pits , or blown into and stored in vertical silos .	Although not grown primarily for human consumption , people do pick ears of field corn when its sugar content has peaked and cook it on the cob or eat it raw .
One of the first formal academic studies into improving vehicle safety was by Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory of Buffalo , New York .	The main conclusion of their extensive report is the crucial importance of seat belts and padded dashboards .
It is not , however , a complete list .	The list first names the actor , followed by the character .
Many rocks at Utopia Planitia appear perched , as if wind removed much of the soil at their bases .	A hard surface crust is formed by solutions of minerals moving up through soil and evaporating at the surface .
Treatment consists of a daily dose of thyroid hormone ( thyroxine ) by mouth .	Because the treatment is simple , effective , and inexpensive , nearly all of the developed world practices newborn screening to detect and treat congenital hypothyroidism in the first weeks of life .
The contestants compete in challenges for rewards and immunity from elimination .	The contestants are progressively eliminated from the game as they are voted out by their fellow contestants until only one remains and is awarded the title of `` Sole Australian Survivor '' and the grand prize of A $ 500,000 .
Thyroid-stimulating hormone ( also known as thyrotropin , thyrotropic hormone , TSH , or hTSH for human TSH ) is a pituitary hormone that stimulates the thyroid gland to produce thyroxine ( T ) , and then triiodothyronine ( T ) which stimulates the metabolism of almost every tissue in the body .	It is a glycoprotein hormone produced by thyrotrope cells in the anterior pituitary gland , which regulates the endocrine function of the thyroid .
One of the most common names they use to describe themselves is `` danske sydslesvigere '' ( `` Danish South Schleswigians '' ) .	Denmark has continued to support the minority financially .
The Kuzuryū River flows through the city .	Parts of the city are within the borders of Hakusan National Park .
8:12 ; Ezra 2:33 ) .	The modern Kiryat Ono is not to be confused with the biblical Ono .
Sicariidae is a family of six-eyed venomous spiders known for their potentially necrotic bites .	The members of this family are haplogyne , possessing unsclerotised genitals in females .
The series was a surreal black comedy , set in the health centre of a British university .	The two series were followed by a 90-minute made-for-television film following some of the characters to a new setting in Poland .
Due to his mother 's privileged position , the young Jules was raised in the environment of the court of Versailles , where his family occupied a luxurious suite of thirteen rooms .	His sister , Aglaé , was married to the duc de Guîche at a young age , helping to cement the Polignac family 's position as one of the leaders of high society at Versailles .
Pryor 's Location is located along the Portage Lake Shipping Canal in Michigan , United States .	Very little remains of this small settlement but a sign at the intersection of Lake Avenue and Lakeshore Drive in Houghton , Michigan , into which it has been incorporated .
Anthony is also the top selling tropical salsa artist of all time .	The two-time Grammy Award and five-time Latin Grammy Award winner has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide .
He was bedridden for a year at age 11 with a heart ailment , during which he read as many as 40 books a month .	Kauffman graduated from Kansas City 's Westport High School in 1934 , and later attended Kansas City Junior College ,
His father was a successful lawyer , and instead of allowing Moreau to enter the army , as he attempted to do , insisted on Moreau studying law at the University of Rennes .	Young Moreau showed no inclination for law , but reveled in the freedom of student life .
In particular , Costa Cruises has a private beach on the island .	Their ships anchor offshore and transport passengers to shore via tender .
The editors tried to get DC Comics to change the terms of the contracts back to what was originally told to the authors , but were unsuccessful .	As a result , several authors dropped out of the project , among them Harlan Ellison , Jane Yolen , Charles de Lint , Martha Soukup , Karawynn Long , and Michael Berry .
Footnotes are notes at the foot of the page while endnotes are collected under a separate heading at the end of a chapter , volume , or entire work .	Unlike footnotes , endnotes have the advantage of not affecting the layout of the main text , but may cause inconvenience to readers who have to move back and forth between the main text and the endnotes .
It forms a part of the backdrop of the latter phase of the Hundred Years ' War finally won by the French at the Battle of Castillon in 1453 , and in which various English kings tried to establish their claims to the French throne .	The treaty arranged for the marriage of Charles VI 's daughter Catherine of Valois to Henry V , who was made regent of France and acknowledged ( along with his future sons ) as successor to the French throne .
Althea Gibson ( August 25 , 1927 – September 28 , 2003 ) was an American tennis player and professional golfer , and the first Black athlete to cross the color line of international tennis .	In 1956 , she became the first African American to win a Grand Slam title ( the French Championships ) .
The three main islets , East , Middle and West Anacapa , are collectively known as The Anacapas by some authors .	All three islets have precipitous cliffs , dropping off steeply into the sea .
The family is a large one , with hundreds of members .	They are widespread in tropical and temperate seas , but mostly found in the Indo-Pacific .
He was runner-up in the Tour de France in 1950 and 1952 , and the best sprinter in that race in 1955 and 1956 .	In 1955 he won the Classic `` Ardennes double '' by winning La Flèche Wallonne and the Liège–Bastogne–Liège in the same year .
Binti Jua ( whose name means `` Daughter of Sunshine '' in Swahili ) is the niece of Koko , a gorilla whose linguistic accomplishments have been the subject of several scientific studies .	Her mother , Lulu , was originally from the Bronx Zoo and died on January 24 , 2011 , after residing at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium .
Joyce Clyde Hall ( August 29 , 1891 – October 29 , 1982 ) was an American businessman and the founder of Hallmark Cards .	Hall was born in 1891 in David City , Nebraska , the son of Nancy Dudley Houston and George Nelson Hall , a traveling Methodist minister who had provided sparingly for his invalid wife and children .
It connects the southwestern part of the Atlantic Ocean ( Scotia Sea ) with the southeastern part of the Pacific Ocean and extends into the Southern Ocean .	The passage receives its English-language name from the 16th-century English privateer Sir Francis Drake .
Five of the islands are part of Channel Islands National Park , and the waters surrounding these islands make up Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary .	The islands were first colonized by the Chumash and Tongva Native Americans 13,000 years ago , who were then displaced by Spaniards who used the islands for fishing and agriculture .
The term is especially useful in marine biology , ichthyology , and similar fields , since many marine habitats are continuously connected from Madagascar to Japan and Oceania , and a number of species occur over that range , but are not found in the Atlantic Ocean .	The region has an exceptionally high species richness , including 3000 species of fish , compared with around 1200 in the next richest marine region , the Western Atlantic , and around 500 species of reef building corals , compared with about 50 species in the Western Atlantic .
The main conflict ended in 1915 , when they agreed to recognize the Mexican government , but the last time Mexican troops took action against a Maya village in this area was 1933 .	The people of the former Chan Santa Cruz state are predominantly indigenous descendants of the Maya .
Föhr ( `` Fering '' North Frisian : `` Feer '' ; ) is one of the North Frisian Islands on the German coast of the North Sea .	It is part of the Nordfriesland district in the federal state of Schleswig-Holstein .
Its capital is the city of Bucaramanga .	Prior to the arrival of the Spaniards , the territory now known as Santander was inhabited by Amerindian ethnic groups : Muisca , Chitareros , Laches , Yariguí , Opón , Carare and Guanes .
Furthermore , the increased number of paths available through the IXP improves routing efficiency and fault-tolerance .	In addition , IXPs exhibit the characteristics of what economists call the network effect .
He disguises himself in order to support the series ' central heroines , the Sailor Soldiers .	Wearing a mask to conceal his identity , he interferes with enemy operations , offers the Sailor Soldiers advice , and sometimes physically aids them in battle .
Earl Attlee is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .	It was created on 16 December 1955 for Clement Attlee , the former Labour Prime Minister .
The South Eastern Railway had opened its line from Redhill to Tonbridge on 12 July 1841 .	The line was opened as far as Headcorn on 31 August 1842 and to Ashford on 1 December 1843 .
The Statement of Fundamental Truths is a confession of faith outlining the 16 essential doctrines adhered to by the Assemblies of God USA .	These doctrines are heavily based on other evangelical confessions of faith but differ by being clearly Pentecostal .
1924 in sports describes the year 's events in world sport .	England
The son of a Jewish banker in the small southeastern town of Gomel , he was barely into his teens when he began studying at `` Kruger 's School of Drawing '' in Minsk .	There he met Chaim Soutine , with whom he would have a lifelong friendship .
In 1829 , while living in Boston , Massachusetts , with the assistance of the African Grand Lodge ( later named Prince Hall Grand Lodge , Juridicition of Massachusetts ) , he published `` An Appeal to the Coloured Citizens of the World '' , a call for black unity and self-help in the fight against the oppressive and unjust slavery .	The appeal brought attention to the abuses and inequities of slavery and the responsibility of individuals to act according to religious and political principles .
The word `` serjeant '' is derived from the Latin `` serviens '' , which means `` servant '' .	Historically , serjeants-at-arms were armed men retained by English lords and monarchs , and the ceremonial maces with which they are associated were in origin a type of weapon .
Born in Lichtenfels , Bavaria , he was employed as a singer by Christian II of Denmark in Copenhagen , from 1515 to 1524 .	He later studied in Wittenberg , and is known to have lectured there , in 1551 .
Thyssen studied mining and metallurgy in London , Liège , and Berlin , and after a short period of service in the German Army he joined the family business .	On 18 January 1900 in Düsseldorf he married Amelie Helle or Zurhelle ( Mülheim am Rhein , 11 December 1877 – Puchdorf bei Straubing , 25 August 1965 ) , daughter of a factory owner .
Vilho Petter Nenonen ( 6 March 1883 in Kuopio – 17 February 1960 ) was a Finnish general .	He received his military education in the Hamina Cadet School 1896-1901 , in the Mihailov Artillery School in St Petersburg 1901-1903 , and in St Petersburg Artillery Academy 1906-1909 .
The Italian poet Dante Alighieri , in his `` De vulgari eloquentia '' , was possibly the first European writer to argue cogently for the promotion of literature in the vernacular .	Important early vernacular works include Dante 's `` Divine Comedy '' , Giovanni Boccaccio 's `` Decameron '' ( both in Italian ) , John Barbour 's `` The Brus '' ( in Scots ) , Geoffrey Chaucer 's `` Canterbury Tales '' ( in Middle English ) and Jacob van Maerlant 's `` Spieghel Historiael '' ( in Middle Dutch ) .
The reason for this difference in substance control is the potential scope of misuse , from drug abuse to practicing medicine without a license and without sufficient education .	Different jurisdictions have different definitions of what constitutes a prescription drug .
East Ham is a district of the London Borough of Newham , England , 8 miles ( 12.8 km ) northeast of Charing Cross .	East Ham is identified in the London Plan as a Major Centre .
In computing , `` human-readable '' data is often encoded as ASCII or Unicode text , rather than presented in a binary representation .	Virtually all data can be parsed by a suitably equipped and programmed computer or machine ; reasons for choosing binary formats over text formats usually center on issues of storage space , as a binary representation usually takes up fewer bytes of storage , and efficiency of access ( input and output ) without parsing or conversion .
The Soke was also described as the Liberty of Peterborough , or Nassaburgh hundred , and comprised , besides Peterborough , about thirty parishes .	The area forms much of the present City of Peterborough unitary authority area in Cambridgeshire .
Along with Brian Holland , Dozier served as the team 's musical arranger and producer , while Eddie Holland concentrated mainly on lyrics and vocal production .	Along with the Holland Brothers , Dozier followed his work for Motown Records as founder and owner of Invictus Records and Hot Wax Records , producing top-charting hits for acts Freda Payne , Honey Cone , Chairmen of the Board , and 100 Proof Aged in Soul .
The SWORD Project is the CrossWire Bible Society 's free software project .	Its purpose is to create cross-platform open-source tools—covered by the GNU General Public License—that allow programmers and Bible societies to write new Bible software more quickly and easily .
The Malvern Hills have been designated as a Biological and Geological Site of Special Scientific Interest and as National Character Area 103 by Natural England and an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty by the Countryside Agency ( now Natural England ) .	The SSSI notification has 26 units of assessment which cover grassland , woodland and geological sites .
Following the Second World War , a Local Government Boundary Commission was formed to review county-level administration in England and Wales .	The commission was of the opinion that counties needed to have a population of between 200,000 and one million in order to provide effective services .
They both have British accents .	Their names are puns on the surname `` Macintosh . ''
However , over time , particularly in the 1990s , it moved towards neutrality on the Union , and has come to represent wider liberal and non-sectarian concerns .	It opposes the consociational power-sharing mandated by the Good Friday Agreement as deepening the sectarian divide , and , in the Northern Ireland Assembly , it is designated as neither unionist nor Irish nationalist , but 'Other ' .
Phase detectors for phase-locked loop circuits may be classified in two types .	A Type I detector is designed to be driven by analog signals or square-wave digital signals and produces an output pulse at the difference frequency .
In contrast to other unionist parties , the UK Unionist Party was an integrationist party which believed that Northern Ireland should be governed from London with no regional home rule government and parliament .	The UKUP was outspoken in its opposition to the Republic of Ireland having any participative role in the governance of Northern Ireland .
The GMB is a general trade union in the United Kingdom which has more than 631,000 members .	GMB members work in nearly all industrial sectors , in retail , security , schools , distribution and the utilities , social care , the NHS and ambulance service and local government .
Rhythmic patterns which are homorhythmic are also called unison .	Unison or perfect unison ( also called a prime , or perfect prime ) may refer to the ( pseudo- ) interval formed by a tone and its duplication ( in German , `` Unisono '' , `` Einklang '' , or `` Prime '' ) , for example C–C , as differentiated from the second , C–D , etc .
The party campaigned principally around the fact that it was led by women , declining to take a position on whether Northern Ireland should be part of the United Kingdom or a United Ireland .	The creation of the NIWC is usually traced back to a meeting over dinner between Avila Kilmurray , a former trade union official and former director of the Community Foundation for Northern Ireland , and McWilliams in April 1996 .
The Communication Workers Union ( CWU ) is the main trade union in the United Kingdom for people working for telephone , cable , DSL and postal delivery companies .	It has 110,000 members in Royal Mail as well as more in many other communication companies .
He attended the University of Vienna and Royal Saxon Polytechnic Institute , graduating from the latter on March 25 , 1898 , and going on to earn a doctorate in organic chemistry .	During his studies , he attended violin lessons where he met his future wife , pianist Emily Stoffregen .
His home , Camperdown House , was in turn named after this , and then gave its name to the area .	Camperdown Country Park , often known as just Camperdown Park , is a public park in the Camperdown area of Dundee .
At the time of its creation in 1922 , the TGWU was the largest and most ambitious amalgamation brought about within trade unionism .	Its structure combined regional organisation , based on Districts and Areas , with committee organisation by occupation , based on six broad Trade Groups .
The character has since appeared in many Marvel Comics publications , including his own series `` Venom '' .	Introduced as a villain of Spider-Man , the character becomes an anti-hero , working with and against superheroes .
Patrick Magee stayed in the hotel under the pseudonym Roy Walsh during the weekend of 14–17 September 1984 .	During his stay , he planted the bomb under the bath in his room , number 629 , one floor above Thatcher 's suite for the conference .
The North American F-86 Sabre , sometimes called the Sabrejet , is a transonic jet fighter aircraft .	Produced by North American Aviation , the Sabre is best known as the United States ' first swept wing fighter that could counter the swept-wing Soviet MiG-15 in high-speed dogfights in the skies of the Korean War ( 1950–1953 ) , fighting some of the earliest jet-to-jet battles in history .
Other notable structures are the main gateway , the south entrance lodge and a bear pit .	The Sheffield Botanical and Horticultural Society was formed in 1833 and by 1834 had obtained £7,500 in funding .
This title marks the first entry of the `` Dancing Stage '' series in Europe and was released for arcades in March 1999 .	It includes 13 songs , with 3 licensed covers ( credited with the original artists ) added in the Internet Ranking version .
Previous to his assumption of the presidency he served as Governor of the Bank of France from 1993 to 2003 under presidents François Mitterrand and Jacques Chirac .	After stepping down from the European Central Bank , Trichet has taken speaking arrangements across France and served on the Board of Directors of the Bank for International Settlements .
Acid Eaters is the thirteenth studio album by the American punk band the Ramones .	Recorded in 1993 , towards the end of the Ramones ' career , the album is often set apart from other Ramones releases in that it is entirely composed of covers .
In 1829 he retired from the business so that he could devote more time to science .	In 1815 Ord became a member of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia , and two years later became a member of the American Philosophical Society .
He left Kiev in 1920 to study at the University of Rome where he became a disciple of the Italian school of algebraic geometry , studying with Guido Castelnuovo , Federigo Enriques and Francesco Severi .	Zariski wrote a doctoral dissertation in 1924 on a topic in Galois theory , which was proposed to him by Castelnuovo .
Lost in La Mancha is a 2002 documentary film about the making of Terry Gilliam 's unfinished film `` The Man Who Killed Don Quixote '' .	His effort was a film adaptation of the novel `` Don Quixote '' by Miguel de Cervantes .
Stephen James Dorrell ( born 25 March 1952 ) is a former British Conservative politician .	He served as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Loughborough between 1979 and 1997 and then for Charnwood from 1997 to 2015 .
This victory is considered one of the most significant actions in naval history .	Adam was the second son of Alexander Duncan , Baron of Lundie , Angus , ( d. May 1777 ) Provost of Dundee , and his wife ( and first cousin once removed ) Helen , daughter of John Haldane of Gleneagles .
The Province of Vaasa ( , ; , ) was a province of Finland , established in 1775 when Finland was an integrated part of Sweden from the southern part of Ostrobothnia County and disbanded in 1996 .	The province was named after the city of Vaasa .
According to one study , homosexuality was regarded as a normal facet of life in China , prior to the Western impact of 1840 onwards .	However , this has been disputed .
Abstract structures are studied not only in logic and mathematics but in the fields that apply them , as computer science , and in the studies that reflect on them , such as philosophy ( especially the philosophy of mathematics ) .	Indeed , modern mathematics has been defined in a very general sense as the study of abstract structures ( by the Bourbaki group : see discussion there , at algebraic structure and also structure ) .
It has been under development either since 1996 or 1998 by Igor Pavlov and was first used in the 7z format of the 7-Zip archiver .	This algorithm uses a dictionary compression scheme somewhat similar to the LZ77 algorithm published by Abraham Lempel and Jacob Ziv in 1977 and features a high compression ratio ( generally higher than bzip2 ) and a variable compression-dictionary size ( up to 4 GB ) , while still maintaining decompression speed similar to other commonly used compression algorithms .
In the 2014 Moroccan census the city recorded a population of 380,787 inhabitants .	It is part of the administrative division Tanger-Tetouan-Al Hoceima .
7z is a compressed archive file format that supports several different data compression , encryption and pre-processing algorithms .	The 7z format initially appeared as implemented by the 7-Zip archiver .
The Hook and Cod wars ( ) comprise a series of wars and battles in the County of Holland between 1350 and 1490 .	Most of these wars were fought over the title of count of Holland , but some have argued that the underlying reason was because of the power struggle of the bourgeois in the cities against the ruling nobility .
Balance of Power is a computer strategy game of geopolitics during the Cold War , created by Chris Crawford and published in 1985 on the Apple Macintosh by Mindscape , followed by ports to a variety of platforms over the next two years .	In the game the player takes the role of the President of the United States or General Secretary of the Soviet Union .
Joseph Stalin elevated the office to overall command of the Communist Party and by extension the whole Soviet Union .	Nikita Khrushchev renamed the post First Secretary in 1953 ; the change was reverted in 1966 .
In 1913 Huerta led a conspiracy against Madero , who entrusted him to control a minor revolt in Mexico City , deposing and assassinating Madero , his brother and Vice President Pino Suarez .	This maneuver is called `` La Decena Tragica '' , the Ten Tragic Days .
NFL championship	College championship
They are also consumed in the Southwestern United States , France and other areas that have received immigration from Spanish and Portuguese-speaking countries .	In Spain , churros can either be thin ( and sometimes knotted ) or long and thick , where they are known as `` porras '' in some regions .
Gioconda Belli ( born December 9 , 1948 in Managua , Nicaragua ) is a Nicaraguan author , novelist and poet .	Gioconda Belli , partly of Northern Italian descent , grew up in a wealthy family in Managua .
Germany	Italy
The ruins of Linlithgow Palace are situated in the town of Linlithgow , West Lothian , Scotland , west of Edinburgh .	The palace was one of the principal residences of the monarchs of Scotland in the 15th and 16th centuries .
He designed and programmed several important computer games in the 1980s , including `` Eastern Front ( 1941 ) '' and `` Balance of Power '' .	Among developers he became known for his passionate advocacy of game design as an art form , founding both `` The Journal of Computer Game Design '' and the Computer Game Developers Conference ( now called the Game Developers Conference ) .
In particular , bathos is associated with anticlimax , an abrupt transition from a lofty style or grand topic to a common or vulgar one .	This may be either accidental ( through artistic ineptitude ) or intentional ( for comic effect ) .
Aurore Clément ( born 12 October 1945 ) is a French actress who has appeared in French language and English language motion pictures and television productions .	She was born Marie-Thérèse Aurore Louise Clément in Soissons , Aisne .
He wrote a total of 68 novels , selling 34 million copies in twenty languages .	Reeman was born in Thames Ditton , Surrey , son of Charles `` Percy '' and Ada Reeman .
The Huilliche are the principal indigenous population of Chile from Toltén River to Chiloé Archipelago .	According to Ricardo E. Latcham the term Huilliche started to be used in Spanish after the second founding of Valdivia in 1645 , adopting the usage of the Mapuches of Araucanía for the southern Mapuche tribes .
Adebayo Adedeji ( 21 December 1930 – 25 April 2018 ) was a Nigerian economist and academic .	A full-fledged Professor at the age of 36 years , he was Nigeria 's Federal Commissioner for Economic Development & Reconstruction from 1971 to 1975 .
In 1990 it had a population of about 60 people .	It was named for real estate developer Henry L. Newman , who earlier tried to develop Newman , New Mexico , just to the north across the New Mexico border , without much success .
`` The Lonely '' , `` Carrion '' and `` Remember Me '' were all released as singles from the album , as well as older recordings of `` Fear of Drowning '' and `` Remember Me '' , which differ from the versions on this album .	THE DECLINE-ERA B-SIDES
The characters starred in only two shorts , both directed by animator Friz Freleng .	The first of these films was 1952 's `` Tree for Two '' .
The wide-ranging nature of their material has led critics to liken their sound to a variety of groups , from The Cure and Joy Division to the Pixies and Arcade Fire .	The band are famed for their live performances , the unusual lyrical content of their songs and the adventurous choice of locations for some of their shows .
Alexander Alexandrovich Kotov ( Алекса́ндр Алекса́ндрович Ко́тов ; – 8 January 1981 ) was a Soviet chess grandmaster and author .	He was a Soviet chess champion , a two-time world title Candidate , and a prolific writer on the subject of chess .
and Walsall Swifts F.C .	The club was one of the founder members of the Second Division in 1892 , but have spent their entire existence outside English football 's top division ; their highest league finish was fourteenth in Division Two in 1961–62 .
A statue of Pania on Napier 's Marine Parade is a tourist attraction .	Pania was a beautiful maiden who lived in the sea on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Barracudinas are elongated , slender fish with large eyes , and a pointed snout containing fang-like teeth .	This gives them some superficial resemblance to barracudas ( family Sphyraenidae ) , although the two groups are not closely related .
Although he did not consider himself to be a Beat poet , and disliked the association , he was dubbed the `` Father of the Beats '' by `` Time Magazine '' .	He was also a prolific reader of Chinese literature .
Built in 1960–63 as the Pan Am Building , the then-headquarters of Pan American World Airways , it was designed by Emery Roth & Sons , Pietro Belluschi and Walter Gropius in the International style .	The world 's largest commercial office space by square footage at its opening , it remains one of the 100 tallest buildings in the United States .
`` Visions of Cody '' is derived from experimental spontaneous prose inserts that Kerouac added to the original manuscript of `` On the Road '' in 1951-52 .	Part of the novel is a fast-forward recapitulation of the events described in `` On the Road '' , which was also about Kerouac and Cassady .
Orozco was born to a middle-class family on Santa Inés hacienda near San Isidro , Guerrero , in the state of Chihuahua .	He was a businessman in mining , commercialized minerals and became wealthy from investments in mines , particularly gold .
Jett 's other notable hit songs include `` Bad Reputation '' , `` Crimson and Clover '' , `` Do You Wan na Touch Me ( Oh Yeah ) '' , `` Light of Day '' , `` I Hate Myself for Loving You '' and `` Dirty Deeds '' .	Jett has a mezzo-soprano vocal range .
He was a pioneer in the history and study of Seventh-day Adventism .	Preaching his first sermon at age 14 , Vaucher studied at a church in Paris .
After the Runaways , she became a solo artist .	Then she teamed up with her identical twin sister , Marie Currie , and released an album with her .
The President of the Soviet Union ( , ) , officially called President of the USSR ( ) or President of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( ) , was the head of state of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics from 15 March 1990 to 25 December 1991 .	Mikhail Gorbachev was the only person to occupy the office .
Rajani Palme Dutt was born in 1896 on Mill Road in Cambridge , England .	His father , Dr. Upendra Dutt , was an Bengali Hindu surgeon and Indian national , while his mother Anna Palme was Swedish ; he was thus half-Bengali and half-Swedish .
The Pragmatic Sanction transformed the agglomeration of lands into a unified entity , of which the Habsburgs would be the heirs .	By streamlining the succession law in all Seventeen Provinces and declaring that all of them would be inherited by one heir , Charles effectively united the Netherlands as one entity .
He is the Bing Professor of Population Studies of the Department of Biology of Stanford University and president of Stanford 's Center for Conservation Biology .	Ehrlich became well known for his controversial 1968 book `` The Population Bomb '' , which asserted that the world 's human population would soon increase to the point where mass starvation ensued .
Rüdiger Nehberg , also known as 'Sir Vival ' , ( born 4 May 1935 ) is a German human rights activist , author and survival expert .	He is the founder and chairman of the anti-FGM organization TARGET , and chairman of the organizations Friends of Peoples Close to Nature ( German section - `` ) '' and `` '' ( Save the Rainforest ) .
He was the second of six children of Samuel Pollitt ( 1863–1933 ) , a blacksmith 's striker , and his wife , Mary Louisa ( 1868–1939 ) , a cotton spinner , daughter of William Charlesworth , a joiner .	Pollitt 's parents were socialists and freethinkers and it was his mother , a member of the Independent Labour Party , who provided the youngster with his first induction into the principles and local networks of socialism .
CBS News ' broadcasts include the `` CBS Evening News '' , `` CBS This Morning '' , news magazine programs `` CBS Sunday Morning '' , `` 60 Minutes '' and `` 48 Hours '' , and Sunday morning political affairs program `` Face the Nation '' .	`` CBS News Radio '' produces hourly newscasts for hundreds of radio stations , and also oversees CBS News podcasts like `` The Takeout Podcast '' .
Meacher was born in Hemel Hempstead in Hertfordshire on 4 November 1939 , a descendant of a brewing and farming family .	He was the only child of Hubert Meacher and his wife Doris ( née Foxwell ) .
He became a Communist activist , anti-fascist and defender of tenants ' rights , a leading member of the Stepney Tenants Defence League .	Of Jewish origin , he was a leader of the opposition to Oswald Mosley 's anti-semitism and his British Union of Fascists ' marches through East London .
In 1979 , the Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher , and top cabinet members learned from a Czech defector that Stonehouse had been a paid Czech spy since 1962 .	He had provided secrets about government plans as well as technical information about aircraft , and received about £5,000 .
The plant can grow to above 1 metre in height , the leaves are 6–14 cm long , cordate to lanceolate with toothed margins .	The stems and leaves are hairy .
Kevin Spacey played the eponymous character , a college professor and longtime activist against capital punishment who is sentenced to death for killing a fellow capital punishment opponent .	Kate Winslet and Laura Linney co-star .
In 1932 , WHA in Madison and WLBL in Stevens Point started limited simulcasting of certain programs .	However , the first real steps toward the building of what would become Wisconsin Public Radio began in 1947 , with the sign-on of WHA-FM ( now WERN ) as a sister station to WHA .
After the death of Michael Martin in 2018 , she became the only living former Speaker of the House of Commons .	She sits , by tradition , as a Crossbench peer in the House of Lords .
The discussion page for list of mathematical topics has some comments on this .	Eventually this page may have its own discussion page .
Andrew `` Andy '' Carthy ( born 10 February 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Mr. Scruff , is an English record producer and DJ .	He lives in Stretford , Greater Manchester and studied fine art at the Psalter Lane campus of Sheffield Hallam University .
He is also the lead singer of supergroup Tinted Windows .	Taylor was born in a suburb of Tulsa , Oklahoma , the second of seven children born to Clarke Walker Hanson and Diana Frances Hanson .
Simon of Cyrene ( `` Hearkening ; listening '' , Standard Hebrew `` Šimʿon '' , Tiberian Hebrew `` Šimʿôn '' ; , `` Simōn Kyrēnaios '' ) was the man compelled by the Romans to carry the cross of Jesus of Nazareth as Jesus was taken to his crucifixion , according to all three Synoptic Gospels .	`` And as they came out , they found a man of Cyrene , Simon by name : him they compelled to bear his cross . ''
He formed a tag team with his kayfabe cousin Hardcore Holly , with whom he won the WWF World Tag Team Championship .	The Holly Cousins was expanded into a stable with the addition of Molly Holly in 2000 .
The peak speed of the butterfly is faster than that of the front crawl , or freestyle due to the synchronous pull/push with both arms and legs , which is done quite fast .	Yet since speed drops significantly during the recovery phase , it is overall slightly slower than front crawl , especially over longer distances .
Though a number of its characteristic events can be traced to earlier innovations in manufacturing , such as the establishment of a machine tool industry , the development of methods for manufacturing interchangeable parts and the invention of the Bessemer Process to produce steel , the Second Industrial Revolution is generally dated between 1870 and 1914 ( the start of World War I ) .	Advancements in manufacturing and production technology enabled the widespread adoption of preexisting technological systems such as telegraph and railroad networks , gas and water supply , and sewage systems , which had earlier been concentrated to a few select cities .
Charles deWolf `` Charlie '' Gibson ( born March 9 , 1943 ) is a retired American broadcast television anchor and journalist .	Gibson was a host of `` Good Morning America '' from 1987 to 2006 , and the anchor of `` World News with Charles Gibson '' from 2006 to 2009 .
Admiral Scheer was a heavy cruiser ( often termed a pocket battleship ) which served with the Kriegsmarine of Nazi Germany during World War II .	The vessel was named after Admiral Reinhard Scheer , German commander in the Battle of Jutland .
The Uptown community area is to Lakeview 's north , Lincoln Square to its northwest , North Center to its west and Lincoln Park to its south .	The 2016 population of Lakeview was 99,876 residents , making it the largest of the Chicago community areas by population .
The `` theory of natural limits '' states : `` Every product or service has a natural consumption level .	We just do n't know what it is until we launch it , distribute it , and promote it for a generation 's time ( 20 years or more ) after which further investment to expand the universe beyond normal limits can be a futile exercise . ''
Wages are part of the expenses that are involved in running a business .	Payment by wage contrasts with salaried work , in which the employer pays an arranged amount at steady intervals ( such as a week or month ) regardless of hours worked , with commission which conditions pay on individual performance , and with compensation based on the performance of the company as a whole .
Improvements in pain typically occur within half an hour and last for as much as eight hours .	It is also available in combination with misoprostol in an effort to decrease stomach problems .
Pollux , also designated β Geminorum ( Latinised to Beta Geminorum , abbreviated Beta Gem , β Gem ) , is an orange-hued evolved giant star approximately 34 light-years from the Sun in the northern constellation of Gemini .	It is the brightest star in its constellation and the closest giant star to the Sun .
The earl 's gardener is said to have produced the first of what are commonly recognised as Camperdown elms by grafting a cutting to the trunk of a wych elm ( `` U. glabra '' ) .	Henry and Bean record that in early days both 'Camperdownii ' and a reportedly similar-looking cultivar called 'Serpentina ' were marketed as `` U. montana pendula nova '' .
North used the music as a theme for the little-known prison film `` Unchained '' ( 1955 ) , hence the song title .	Todd Duncan sang the vocals for the film soundtrack .
From the city 's harbour the river is navigable to the Mediterranean Sea , a distance of over 40 km ( 24 mi ) .	The founding of this city is attributed in legend to the soothsayer Mopsus , who lived before the Trojan war , although it is scarcely mentioned before the Christian era .
Richard Douglas Fosbury ( born March 6 , 1947 ) is an American retired high jumper , who is considered one of the most influential and inspirational athletes in the history of track and field .	Besides winning a gold medal at the 1968 Olympics , he revolutionized the high jump event , with a unique `` back-first '' technique , now known as the Fosbury Flop , adopted by almost all high jumpers today .
His highest ranking is world No .	4 , achieved several times from October 2000 to October 2002 .
A variance is often granted by a Board or Committee of adjustment .	A variance is an administrative exception to land use regulations .
' , officially the ' , ( ) , or simply known as City , is a in , .	According to the , it has a population of people .
As of August 2018 , Knight was ranked by Forbes as the 28th richest person in the world , with an estimated net worth of US $ 34.7 billion .	He is also the owner of the stop motion film production company Laika .
By offering a standard , hot swappable electrical interface , one gigabit port can support a wide range of physical media , from copper to long-wave single-mode optical fiber , at lengths of hundreds of kilometers .	A variation of the GBIC called the small form-factor pluggable transceiver ( SFP ) , also known as mini-GBIC , has the same functionality but in a smaller form factor .
It still occurs on some traditional ceramic electric jugs .	It is also used for some laboratory water stills .
By the time of King Zhao 's coronation , his father King Kang and grandfather King Cheng had conquered and colonized the Central Plains of China , forcing most of the northern and eastern tribal peoples into vassalage .	Only the Dongyi of eastern Shandong continued their resistance , but they were no longer a threat to Zhou rule .
Established in 1902 by King Edward VII , admission into the order remains the personal gift of its Sovereign—currently Edward VII 's great-granddaughter , Queen Elizabeth II—and is restricted to a maximum of 24 living recipients from the Commonwealth realms , plus a limited number of honorary members .	While all members are awarded the right to use the post-nominal letters `` OM '' and wear the badge of the order , the Order of Merit 's precedence among other honours differs between countries .
His left-wing views saw an outlet in third world development and in influencing policy in the Labour Government of the 1960s .	Blackett was born in Kensington , London , the son of Arthur Stuart Blackett , a stockbroker , and his wife Caroline Maynard .
The two groups are thought to have diverged around 34 million years ago ( mya ) .	Toothed whales range in size from the and vaquita to the and sperm whale .
The dates of his reign are 976–922 BC or 956–918 BC .	King Mu came to the throne after his father King Zhao ’ s death during his tour to the South .
His name was selected as part of a nationwide contest in July 1980 .	McGruff proved to be a successful campaign with over $ 100 million in free air time donated in the first year reaching over 50 % of adults .
The Army Reserve was created as the Territorial Force in 1908 by the Secretary of State for War , Richard Haldane , when the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act 1907 combined the previously civilian-administered Volunteer Force , with the mounted Yeomanry ( at the same time the Militia was renamed the Special Reserve ) .	Most Volunteer infantry units had unique identities , but lost these in the reorganisation , becoming Territorial battalions of Regular Army infantry regiments .
Situated learning is a theory on how individuals acquire professional skills , extending research on apprenticeship into how legitimate peripheral participation leads to membership in a community of practice .	Situated learning `` takes as its focus the relationship between learning and the social situation in which it occurs '' .
The informal names and groupings within this genus — rock , crevice- , ground , sand- , and bicycle-dragon — are named after the mythological creature , the dragon .	Ctenophorus lizards may be confused with the Tympanocryptis and Diporiphora genera .
Draco is a genus of agamid lizards that are also known as flying lizards , flying dragons or gliding lizards .	These lizards are able to glide ; their ribs and their connecting membrane may be extended to create `` wings '' ( patagia ) , the hindlimbs are flattened and wing-like in cross-section , and a flap on the neck ( the gular flag ) serve as a horizontal stabilizers .
Species from Melanesia and Australia which were formerly included in `` Gonocephalus '' are now placed in the genus `` Hypsilurus '' .	Furthermore , genetic data suggest that `` Gonocephalus robinsonii '' is only distantly related to other `` Gonocephalus '' , rendering the genus non-monophyletic .
The genus is endemic to Indonesia .	Species of the genus `` Harpesaurus '' are found on some islands in Indonesia .
Hydrosaurus , commonly known as the sailfin lizards , is a genus in the family Agamidae .	These relatively large lizards are named after the sail-like structure on their tails .
Three species previously assigned to the genus `` Hypsilurus '' have now been moved to the genus `` Lophosaurus '' :	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Hypsilurus '' .
Many species have been moved to the genus Diploderma .	The following 7 species are recognized as being valid :
They occur in a variety of habitat , including sand dunes and arid regions , but frequently near watercourses .	Three species are endemic to Australia , `` L. burnsi '' , `` L. gilberti '' and `` L. longirostris '' ; `` L. temporalis '' is found in both Australia and New Guinea .
It is the largest agamid endemic to Sri Lanka and lives in dense wet zone forests .	It is also called the Hump-nosed Lizard , Hump Snout Lizard or the Lyreshead Lizard .
`` Otocryptis '' are terrestrial lizards that can use bipedal locomotion .	There are three species :
The genus `` Phoxophrys '' closely resembles the genus `` Japalura '' but differs in a number of characters , for example by the absence of a dorsal crest , and by having a relatively shorter and deeper head .	Male `` Phoxophrys '' have a tail that is swollen basally and is flattened above , whereas females have a cylindrical tail .
Phrynocephalus is a genus which includes 44 species of small and medium-sized agamid lizards , commonly called toadhead agamas or toad-headed agamas , that inhabit open arid and semiarid environments of Asia and Eastern Europe .	The systematics of this genus are very complicated with many controversial points of view about the unclear phylogeny of this group .
The name `` bearded dragon '' refers to the `` beard '' of the dragon , the underside of the throat which can turn black if they are stressed or see a potential rival .	They are adept climbers , spending significant amounts of time on branches and in bushes and near human habitation .
`` Pseudocalotes '' was disassociated from the genus `` Calotes '' by Moody ( 1980 ) .	`` Pseudocalotes '' is distinguished from `` Calotes '' in having weak limbs , as may be noted in one of the species named `` brevipes '' .
The Sinai agama ( `` Pseudotrapelus sinaitus '' , formerly `` Agama sinaita '' ) is an agamid lizard found in arid areas of southeastern Libya , eastern Egypt , Palestine , Israel , Jordan , Syria , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Oman , eastern Sudan , Ethiopia , Eritrea , and Djibouti .	The length of the lizard including its long slender tail is , the tail accounting for up to two-thirds of its total length .
They are pale in colour , usually grey-brown , although males develop a reddish hue in the breeding season .	This allows them to blend with their habitat ; they are a ground-dwelling species found amid leaf litter and sand .
When detected or approached , many turn around twigs or freeze motionlessly to evade notice .	Albert Günther , in his treatise `` The Reptiles of British India '' , described `` Salea '' as follows :
Sitana is a genus of lizards , collectively known as the fan-throated lizards , from the family Agamidae .	They are found in Nepal , India , Sri Lanka and Pakistan .
The body is depressed , and it is covered dorsally with heterogeneous scales .	There is no dorsal crest .
`` Leiolepis '' is the sole genus of subfamily Leiolepidinae .	`` Leiolepis '' are moderately sized lizards with the largest snout-to-vent length of .
She is the wife of former Governor of California and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger .	She has received a Peabody Award and was co-anchor for NBC 's Emmy-winning coverage of the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Uromastyx is a genus of African and Asian agamid lizards , the member species of which are commonly called spiny-tailed lizards , uromastyces , mastigures , or dabb lizards .	Lizards in the genus `` Uromastyx '' are primarily herbivorous , but occasionally eat insects and other small animals , especially young lizards .
It eats its victims whole , using its triple rows of teeth , and leaves no bones behind .	The mantyger is a creature of medieval invention , having the body of a heraldic tiger with mane , and the head of an old man , the tusks of a boar and with long spiral horns .
This is summarized in the phrase `` Omne vivum ex vivo '' , Latin for `` '' all life [ is ] from life . '' ''	A related statement is `` Omnis cellula e cellula '' , `` all cells [ are ] from cells ; '' this conclusion is one of the central statements of cell theory .
It is the most difficult sin to define , and to credit as sin , since it refers to a peculiar jumble of notions , dating from antiquity and including mental , spiritual , pathological , and physical states .	One definition is : a habitual disinclination to exertion or laziness .
Hugh Gregg ( November 22 , 1917September 24 , 2003 ) was governor of the U.S. state of New Hampshire from 1953 to 1955 , and was the youngest person ever elected to that office .	He is the father of former U.S .
Castleton village was mentioned as `` Pechesers '' in Domesday Book in 1086 where `` Arnbiorn and Hundingr held the land of William Peverel 's castle in Castleton '' .	This land and Peverel 's castle were amongst the manors belonging to William Peverel that also included Bolsover and Glapwell .
The population of the civil parish taken at the 2011 Census was 864 .	It lies in the Hope Valley , at the point where Peakshole Water flows into the River Noe .
`` The Chicago Manual of Style '' says `` the great mass of linguistic issues that writers and editors wrestle with do n't really concern grammar at all—they concern usage : the collective habits of a language 's native speakers '' , and `` the standards of good usage change , however slowly . ''	Dictionaries are not always accurate guides to `` good usage '' .
It lies slightly to the north of the River Derwent , approximately south-west of Sheffield .	The origin of its name is disputed , although it is generally accepted that the second half derives from the Old English word `` ecg '' meaning `` edge '' .
The curriculum expanded throughout World War I , World War II , the Korean War , and the Vietnam War and continues to adapt to include lessons learned from current conflicts .	In addition to the main campus at Fort Leavenworth , the college has satellite campuses at Fort Belvoir , Virginia ; Fort Lee , Virginia ; Fort Gordon , Georgia ; and Redstone Arsenal , Alabama .
He was an Eagle Scout .	Thomson attended Mercer University , Washington and Jefferson College , and the University of Georgia School of Law and was admitted to the practice of law in Florida in 1936 .
Electronic cash was until 2007 the debit card system of the German Banking Industry Committee , the association which represents the top German financial interest groups .	Usually paired with a Transaction account or Current Account , cards with an Electronic Cash logo were only handed out by proper credit institutions .
The siege started on 8 September 1941 , when the last road to the city was severed .	Although the Soviet forces managed to open a narrow land corridor to the city on 18 January 1943 , the siege was not lifted until 27 January 1944 , 872 days after it began .
Silambam ( ) is a weapon-based martial art of India , more specifically from Tamilakam in the Indian subcontinent , where it originated around 1000 BCE .	Oral folklore traces Silambam back several thousand years to the siddhar ( enlightened sage ) Agastya .
He was also one of the few presidents to abstain from participating in politics after leaving office .	Betancur was born in the Morro de la Paila district of the town of Amagá , Antioquia , in 1923 .
Warner was the sixth husband of actress Elizabeth Taylor , whom he married before being elected to the Senate .	He is a veteran of the Second World War and Korean War , and was one of five World War II veterans serving in the Senate at the time of his retirement .
Snare technique is the technique used to play a snare drum .	It is studied as an end to itself by snare drummers , and as a way of developing stick control skill by kit drummers and players of other auxiliary percussion instruments .
The youngest of the twelve children , Bafile was born in L'Aquila , Abruzzo , to physician Vincenzo Bafile and his wife Maddalena Tedeschini D'Annibale .	His brother was a military hero who died in World War I , and was posthumously awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valour .
Under that Act , two groups of people became `` British subjects '' ; the first were people from the Republic of Ireland born before 1949 who already claimed subject status , and the second covered a number of people who had previously been considered `` British subjects without citizenship '' , and were not considered citizens of any other country .	This second group were predominantly residents of colonies which had become independent , but who had not become citizens of the new country .
It is held in Austin , Minnesota , where Hormel food company produces the meat .	The festival spans from July 1 to 7 and includes fireworks , parades , games , a carnival , and of course , the mysterious meat itself .
François Couperin ( ; 10 November 1668 – 11 September 1733 ) was a French Baroque composer , organist and harpsichordist .	He was known as `` Couperin le Grand '' ( `` Couperin the Great '' ) to distinguish him from other members of the musically talented Couperin family .
or oz .	fl. , old forms ℥ , fl ℥ , f℥ , ƒ ℥ ) is a unit of volume ( also called capacity ) typically used for measuring liquids .
He was the son of Andres R. Nestos and Herborg [ Saue ] Nestos .	One of ten children , he was sixteen and spoke no English when he came to the United States to live with his aunt and uncle at Buxton , North Dakota .
Thomas Knight ( 1697–1764 ) of Wormsley Grange , Rector of Bewdley , Worcestershire , by his wife Ursula Nash , a daughter of Frederick Nash of Dinham , Shropshire .	He was the heir not only of his father but also of his uncle Richard Knight ( 1693–1765 ) of Croft Castle .
Produced by Buena Vista International and Touchstone Pictures , it features a screenplay by Tim Firth and Juliette Towhidi based on a true story of a group of middle-aged Yorkshire women who produced a nude calendar to raise money for Leukaemia Research under the auspices of the Women 's Institutes in April 1999 after the cancer death of one of their member 's husband .	The film stars an ensemble cast headed by Helen Mirren and Julie Walters , with Linda Bassett , Annette Crosbie , Celia Imrie , Penelope Wilton , Geraldine James and Philip Glenister playing key supporting roles .
This preface begins with the line : `` A work that aspires , however humbly , to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line '' .	The title character , James Wait , is a dying West Indian black sailor on board the merchant ship `` Narcissus '' sailing from Bombay to London .
Chebyshev filters are analog or digital filters having a steeper roll-off and more passband ripple ( type I ) or stopband ripple ( type II ) than Butterworth filters .	Chebyshev filters have the property that they minimize the error between the idealized and the actual filter characteristic over the range of the filter ( See references eg .
Peace Orchestra is a musical solo project from Viennese trip hop-dub producer Peter Kruder , best known as one half of Kruder & Dorfmeister .	In parallel to his partnership with Dorfmeister , Peter Kruder has always followed his solo projects .
He portrayed the role of Lewis Archer in `` Coronation Street '' from 2009-10 .	He returned to the role in 2012 and left again in February 2013 .
There are two subspecies of woodlark , `` L. a. arborea '' and `` L. a. pallida '' .	The former is native to northern regions of Europe , while the latter can be found in the south of the woodlark 's range .
The frequencies are very close to those of WWV , and WWVH .	Because of this , RWM is very difficult to receive in North America with simple receivers of low selectivity , due to interference from these said stations .
The construction of the Gardiner Dam in the 1960s , however , lessened the power of the river by diverting a substantial portion of the South Saskatchewan 's natural flow into the Qu'Appelle River .	By the 1980s many permanent sandbars had formed due to the lowering of the level of the river .
He was the only son of Francisco Coelho do Amaral Reis , 1st Viscount of Pedralva by Carlos I of Portugal in 1904 ( Sátão , Águas Boas , 3 August 1873 – 5 April 1938 ) , 100th Governor of Portuguese Angola from 1920 to 1921 , son of José Caetano dos Reis and wife Lucrécia Coelho do Amaral , and first wife , as her second husband , Guida Maria Josefina Cinatti Keil , daughter of Alfredo Cristiano Keil and wife Cleyde Maria Margarida Cinatti .	After his mother 's death his father remarried Arminda da Conceição da Silva Camacho dos Reis ( – Silves , São Bartolomeu de Messines , 10 October 1935 ) and they had another son , Eduardo Coelho do Amaral dos Reis ( Sátão , Águas Boas , 11 September 1932 – ) , unmarried and without issue .
It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the city of Erfurt , the districts of Weimarer Land , Saalfeld-Rudolstadt and Hildburghausen , the city of Suhl , and the districts of Schmalkalden-Meiningen and Gotha .	It is named after the river Ilm , flowing through the district .
It is 40 square miles ( 100 km² ) in extent , mostly coniferous softwoods under the control of the Forestry Commission .	It was planted in 1905 on what was mostly moorland and many hill farms .
The contract often lets the employer sell the labor of an indenturee to a third party .	Indenturees usually enter into an indenture for a specific payment or other benefit , or to meet a legal obligation , such as debt bondage .
It was produced by Leon Schlesinger and directed by Friz Freleng , with musical supervision by Carl W. Stalling .	There is very little dialogue in the cartoon aside from the Big Bad Wolf 's introduction of the story and the pigs introducing themselves .
She served through the early years of the Second World War ; in Home Waters , off Norway and in the Mediterranean .	Throughout her service , `` Kelly '' was commanded by Lord Louis Mountbatten .
The term may also describe other kinds of content licensing for reuse	For the subscribing sites , syndication is an effective way of adding greater depth and immediacy of information to their pages , making them more attractive to users .
Livable Rotterdam started as a spin-off of the national party Livable Netherlands but is commonly seen as the local party of the LPF ( Pim Fortuyn List ) , the national party of Pim Fortuyn which was founded just after Pim Fortuyn was fired as `` lijsttrekker '' of the Livable Netherlands party in spring 2002 .	The party consists of numerous members that are new to politics and were attracted to Fortuyn 's dreams of political change .
H. L. Mencken called the martini `` the only American invention as perfect as the sonnet '' and E. B .	White called it `` the elixir of quietude '' .
It has been shown that it takes only `` One migrant per generation '' to prevent populations from diverging due to drift .	Gene flow is an important mechanism for transferring genetic diversity among populations .
Spiderleg Records was an independent record label founded by UK anarcho-punk band Flux of Pink Indians in 1981 .	The band set up the label after releasing their first EP on the Crass Records label , which both taught them the skills necessary to run such a project and provided them with the seed cash .
The holiday has already acquired its name before the 16th century , during which happened the reformation of churches by Livonian Order 's sacred memorial day in honor of a Roman soldier Martin ( `` Martinus '' ) , who sat on the horse , offering his cloak to a poor man suffering from coldness .	Then he learned through dreams , that it was Jesus himself .
Martini Racing is the name under which various motor racing teams race when sponsored by the Italian company Martini & Rossi , a distillery that produces Martini vermouth in Turin .	Martini 's sponsorship program began in 1958 as Martini International Club , founded by Count Metello Rossi di Montelera of Martini & Rossi .
The term also refers to plants which have been shaped in this way .	As an art form it is a type of living sculpture .
All Pacer trains are scheduled to be retired by the end of 2019 .	The Rail Vehicle Accessibility Regulations require that all public passenger trains must be accessible to disabled people by 2020 .
Ian Russell McEwan ( born 21 June 1948 ) is an English novelist and screenwriter .	In 2008 , `` The Times '' featured him on their list of `` The 50 greatest British writers since 1945 '' and `` The Daily Telegraph '' ranked him number 19 in their list of the `` 100 most powerful people in British culture '' .
Aqila al-Hashimi was born in 1953 into a prominent Shi'ite religious family in Najaf .	She gained a degree in law in Iraq and a doctorate in French Literature at the Sorbonne .
Öpik was born in Kunda , Lääne-Viru , Governorate of Estonia , then a part of the Russian Empire .	He went to the University of Moscow to specialize in the study of minor bodies , such as asteroids , comets , and meteors .
Estimated dates of his reign are 922-900 BC or 917/15-900 ( `` Cambridge History of Ancient China '' ) .	Although he is commonly known as Gong , this is actually his posthumous name .
These volcanic islands are located ( Suva to Ahau ) north of Fiji .	Rotuma Island itself is long and wide , with a land area of approximately , making it the 12th largest island of Fiji .
Stephenson organized the structure of `` Quicksilver '' such that chapters have been incorporated into three internal books titled `` Quicksilver '' , `` The King of the Vagabonds '' , and `` Odalisque '' .	In 2006 , each internal book was released in separate paperback editions , to make the 900 pages more approachable for readers .
This type of encoder is capable of encoding audio to between 6 and 16 kilobits per second for a typical audio bandwidth of 8 kHz .	The framelength of this encoder is 32 ms .
Wheeler also worked with Niels Bohr in explaining the basic principles behind nuclear fission .	Together with Gregory Breit , Wheeler developed the concept of the Breit–Wheeler process .
The organization engages in the research and scientific study , restoration , exploration , and protection of caves .	It has more than 10,000 members in more than 250 grottos .
The Gyeongbu Line is by far the most heavily travelled rail line in South Korea .	All types of high-speed , express , local , and freight trains provide frequent service along its entire length .
Archie Shepp ( born May 24 , 1937 ) is an American jazz saxophonist .	Shepp was born in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , but raised in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
His reign is poorly documented .	He was preceded on the throne by his nephew King Yi of Zhou ( Jian ) and followed by his nephew 's son , King Yi of Zhou ( Xie ) .
It was opened by the Gyeongin Railway Company between Noryangjin , on the shore of the Han River across from Seoul , Geumchon , in Incheon , on September 18 , 1899 .	Soon after , the line was extended across the Han River into Seoul Station , and beyond Geumchon to the port of Incheon .
George Macartney , 1st Earl Macartney , KB ( 14 May 1737 – 31 May 1806 ) was a British statesman , colonial administrator and diplomat .	He is often remembered for his observation following Britain 's success in the Seven Years War and subsequent territorial expansion at the Treaty of Paris that Britain now controlled `` a vast Empire , on which the sun never sets '' .
It is the oldest expressway in South Korea .	Construction began March 24 , 1967 .
He has collaborated with John McLaughlin , Ustad Sultan Khan , Fazal Qureshi , Bill Laswell , Shawn Lane , Jens Johansson , Anders Johansson , Ginger Baker , Michael Shrieve , V. Selvaganesh , Jeff Sipe , Mattias IA Eklundh , Public Image Ltd , and Buckethead .	Hellborg began his music career in 1976 in Sweden touring with local rock acts .
Gompers founded the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) , and served as the organization 's president from 1886 to 1894 , and from 1895 until his death in 1924 .	He promoted harmony among the different craft unions that comprised the AFL , trying to minimize jurisdictional battles .
Sanders is an important figure in the development of free jazz ; Albert Ayler famously said : `` Trane was the Father , Pharoah was the Son , I am the Holy Ghost '' .	Pharoah Sanders was born on October 13 , 1940 in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Jeremy Webster `` Fred '' Frith ( born 17 February 1949 ) is an English multi-instrumentalist , composer , and improvisor .	Probably best known for his guitar work , Frith first came to attention as one of the founding members of the English avant-rock group Henry Cow .
Peter Brötzmann ( born 6 March 1941 ) is a German artist , free jazz saxophonist , and clarinetist .	Brötzmann is among the most important European free jazz musicians .
A completely Hausdorff space , or functionally Hausdorff space , is a topological space in which any two distinct points can be separated by a continuous function .	These conditions are separation axioms that are somewhat stronger than the more familiar Hausdorff axiom T .
He was married to singer Linda Sharrock , with whom he recorded and performed .	One of few guitarists in the first wave of free jazz in the 1960s , Sharrock was known for his heavily chorded attack , his highly amplified bursts of feedback , and his use of saxophone-like lines played loudly on guitar .
To pay for his pleasures and vices , King Li raised taxes and caused misery among his subjects .	It is said that he barred the commoners from profiting from the communal forests and lakes .
Arthur Morgan `` Arto '' Lindsay ( born May 28 , 1953 ) is an American guitarist , singer , record producer and experimental composer .	He first achieved recognition as part of New York no wave group DNA in the late 1970s .
In 1792 , at the age of 12 , he accompanied his father , who had been appointed secretary to Lord Macartney 's mission to China , to the Far East ( 1792–1794 ) .	Prior to the trip the young George Staunton had begun to learn Chinese alongside Sir John Barrow , 1st Baronet and for the duration was therefore given the role of Page to Lord Macartney .
( Wanju County has many residents who work in Jeonju . )	The name Jeonju literally means `` Perfect Region '' ( from the hanja ( ; jeon ) for perfect , ( ; ju ) for region ) .
The capital of South Jeolla was located at Naju until it was moved to Gwangju in 1895 .	The name Jeolla actually originates from the first character of Jeonju ( ) and the first character of Naju ( ) .
A pioneer of avant-garde jazz , free funk , and jazz fusion , he appeared on over 50 albums as a bandleader , sideman , arranger , and producer .	Jackson and bassist Sirone are the only musicians to have performed and recorded with the three prime shapers of free jazz : pianist Cecil Taylor , and saxophonists Ornette Coleman and Albert Ayler .
Following his time in the IDF , Agmon served briefly as bureau chief for Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .	Born in 1947 in Casablanca , Morocco , David moved to Israel when he was one year old .
`` Goryeo Tripiṭaka '' ) or Palman Daejanggyeong ( `` Eighty-Thousand `` Tripiṭaka '' '' ) is a Korean collection of the `` Tripiṭaka '' ( Buddhist scriptures , and the Sanskrit word for `` three baskets '' ) , carved onto 81,258 wooden printing blocks in the 13th century .	It is the world 's most comprehensive and oldest intact version of Buddhist canon in Hanja script , with no known errors or errata in the 52,330,152 characters which are organized in over 1496 titles and 6568 volumes .
Gayasan National Park , also known as Gaya Mountain National Park ( ) , is a large national park in the eastern part of South Korea .	The park is named in honor of Gaya Mountain and became a National Park in 1972 .
Van Hoogstraten is known for his business empire as well as his life history : in 1968 , he was convicted and sent to prison for paying a gang to attack a business associate .	In 2002 , he was sentenced to 10 years for the manslaughter of a business rival ; the verdict was overturned on appeal and he was subsequently released , but in 2005 he was ordered to pay the victim 's family £6 million in a civil case .
Knoydart ( Scottish Gaelic : `` Cnòideart '' ) is a peninsula in Lochaber , Highland , on the west coast of Scotland .	Knoydart is sandwiched between Lochs Nevis and Hourn — often translated as `` Loch Heaven '' ( from the Gaelic `` Loch Néimh '' ) and `` Loch Hell '' ( Gaelic : `` Loch Iutharn '' ) respectively , although the somewhat poetic nature of these derivations are disputed .
These are groups `` G '' with the following properties :	The typical example of a 3-transposition group is a symmetric group ,
In November 1855 President of the United States Franklin Pierce issued an executive order creating a reservation for the relocation of the indigenous peoples of the coastal region of the Oregon Territory .	A 120-mile-long strip of land was designated for this `` Coast '' or `` Siletz '' Reservation .
OJSC `` Yukos Oil Company '' ( , ) was an oil and gas company based in Moscow , Russia .	Yukos was acquired from the Russian government by Russian oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky 's Bank Menatep during the controversial `` loans for shares '' auctions of the mid 1990s .
The Id Kah Mosque ( `` Hëytgah Meschiti '' , ) ( from Persian : عیدگاه Eidgāh , meaning `` Place of Festivities '' ) is a mosque located in Kashgar , Xinjiang , China .	Id Kah is the largest mosque in China .
Time Shard were one of the innovators in underground UK electronic dance music during the 'second summer of love ' in 1989 .	During their first five years Gobber , Psi and Angstrom became known as one of the UK 's first live 'acid house ' acts , during this time they developed a sound which ( later ) became known as Psychedelic trance although at the time they were often described as producing Ambient or Shamanic Trance music .
The name `` Zhili '' means `` directly ruled '' and indicates regions directly ruled by the imperial government of China .	Zhili province was first constituted during the Ming Dynasty when the capital of China was located at Nanjing along the Yangtze River .
He fought the 'Western Barbarians ' ( probably Xianyun ) and another group on the Huai River to the southeast .	In his ninth year he called a meeting of all the lords .
Savoy specialized in jazz , rhythm and blues , and gospel music .	In September 2017 , Savoy was acquired by Concord Bicycle Music .
Cinematics were provided by `` Ikusabune Co. , Ltd. '' , which developed the sequel with Red Entertainment 's supervision .	In 2017 , Korean developers Iggymob and Blueside , under the supervision of Red Entertainment , revived the `` Gungrave '' series and released Gungrave VR for the PlayStation VR in late 2017 in Japan with a planned release in North America and Europe in early 2018 .
Many historians argue the Military Revolution made possible , and indeed made necessary , formation of strong central governments in order to maximize military strength that could enable conquest and prevent being conquered .	The best examples of New Monarchs are , chronologically :
The National Primitive Baptist Convention , USA is a group of Black Primitive Baptists that has adopted progressive methods and policies not in keeping with the historical and theological background of Primitive Baptists in general .	The Convention was organized in Huntsville , Alabama in 1907 .
The Upper West Side is considered to be among New York City 's wealthiest neighborhoods .	Upper West Side is bounded on the south by 59th Street , Central Park to the east , the Hudson River to the west , and 110th Street to the north .
He reigned from 781 to 771 BC .	In 780 BC , a major earthquake hit Guanzhong .
His critically acclaimed 1997 album , `` Lunatic Harness '' , helped defined the drill 'n ' bass subgenre and was also his most successful release , selling over 100,000 copies .	Paradinas was born in Charing Cross and began playing keyboards during the early 1980s , and listened to new wave music such as Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark , Heaven 17 and early Human League .
He died in Geneva at the age of 101 .	He was elected to the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame .
His inventions include the differential gear and the perfection of the bicycle chain drive .	Starley was born in 1830 at Albourne , Sussex , the son of Daniel Starley , a farmer .
Before the arrival of Europeans , the mouths of streams that eroded gullies in the East River bluffs are conjectured to have been the sites of fishing camps used by the Lenape , whose controlled burns once a generation or so kept the dense canopy of oak–hickory forest open at ground level .	In the 19th century the farmland and market garden district of what was to be the Upper East Side was still traversed by the Boston Post Road and , from 1837 , the New York and Harlem Railroad , which brought straggling commercial development around its one station in the neighborhood , at 86th Street , which became the heart of German Yorkville .
The government would provide the materials , and the contractor was to prepare the site and build the dam .	The dam was described in minute detail , covering 100 pages of text and 76 drawings .
Geum , commonly called avens , is a genus of about 50 species of rhizomatous perennial herbaceous plants in the rose family , widespread across Europe , Asia , North and South America , Africa , and New Zealand .	They are closely related to `` Potentilla '' and `` Fragaria '' .
A state visit is a formal visit by a head of state to a foreign country , at the invitation of the head of state of that foreign country , with the latter also acting as the official host for the duration of the state visit .	Speaking for the host , it is generally called a state reception .
Ralph Carney ( January 23 , 1956 – December 16 , 2017 ) was an American singer , composer , and multi-instrumentalist .	While his primary instruments were various saxophones and clarinets , Carney also collected and played many instruments , often unusual or obscure ones .
In 1086 , Donisthorpe was part of the land given to Nigel of Stafford by William the Conqueror .	When administrative counties were set up , this exclave was considered to be part of Leicestershire .
Other major members , which live in drier heathland , are the cornfield ant , `` L. neoniger '' , and `` L. alienus '' .	Other species include the temporary social parasites of the `` L. mixtus '' group and the hyper-social parasite `` Lasius fuliginosus '' .
He has performed and recorded with several ensembles : Air , Aggregation Orb , Make a Move , the seven-piece Henry Threadgill Sextett , the twenty-piece Society Situation Dance Band , Very Very Circus , X-75 , and Zooid .	He was awarded the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Music for his album `` In for a Penny , In for a Pound '' , which premiered at Roulette Intermedium on December 4 , 2014
Contadora was said to be used by the Spanish conquistadors as a stop for taking inventory of booty prior to returning to Spain , hence the name ( `` contador '' means counter or bookkeeper in Spanish ) .	Contadora is a resort island , with many homes owned by wealthy Panamanians .
It worked as a clandestine opposition party throughout the Cold War era , and was persecuted by the various military regimes .	Many intellectuals , like Nazım Hikmet , joined the party ranks .
It was later called the Congress of Racial Equality ( CORE ) , and was dedicated to ending racial segregation in the United States through nonviolence .	Farmer served as the national chairman from 1942 to 1944 .
There is a village hall , village shop , a garage , a hairdressers and a public house , The Claycutter 's Arms .	There was a second public house , The Anchor , but it burned down in March 2015 .
Nathaniel Dwayne Hale ( August 19 , 1969 – March 15 , 2011 ) , known professionally as Nate Dogg , was an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and actor .	Hale began his career as a member of the California rap trio 213 , alongside his longtime friend Warren G and cousin Snoop Dogg .
Signed under the presidency of James K. Polk , the treaty brought an end to the Oregon boundary dispute by settling competing American and British claims to the Oregon Country ; the area had been jointly occupied by both Britain and the U.S. since the Treaty of 1818 .	The Treaty of 1818 set the boundary between the United States and British North America along the 49th parallel of north latitude from Minnesota to the `` Stony Mountains '' ( now known as the Rocky Mountains ) .
Primitive Baptists – also known as Hard Shell Baptists or Old School Baptists – are conservative Baptists adhering to a degree of Calvinist beliefs that coalesced out of the controversy among Baptists in the early 19th century over the appropriateness of mission boards , tract societies , and temperance societies .	The adjective `` Primitive '' in the name conveys the sense of `` original '' .
It was designated a Canadian Heritage River on September 24 , 1999 .	The Humber collects from about 750 creeks and tributaries in a fan-shaped area north of Toronto that encompasses portions of Dufferin County , the Regional Municipality of Peel , Simcoe County , and the Regional Municipality of York .
King You had exiled Queen Shen and Yijiu after the king became enamoured with his concubine Bao Si and made her queen .	As a result , Queen Shen ’ s father , the Marquess of Shen , teamed with the Quanrong nomads and local satellite states to overthrow King You .
Kawai Nui Marsh ( or Kawainui ) is , at over , the largest wetlands in the Hawaiian Islands .	The marsh is located near Kailua on the windward side of O'ahu and is owned by the State of Hawaii and the City & County of Honolulu .
The original members included Albert Stephen ( A.S. ) Ignatius `` G '' Gispert , Cecil Lee , Frederick `` Horse '' Thomson , Ronald `` Torch '' Bennett , Eric Galvin , H.M. Doig , and John Woodrow .	A. S. Gispert suggested the name `` Hash House Harriers '' after the Selangor Club Annex , where several of the original hashers lived and dined , known as the `` Hash House '' .
Compared with much of the rest of Europe , Great Britain has a smaller number of ants .	The size and diversity of ant species in any area is largely determined by the highest summer soil temperature , and this being so , it is not surprising that the greatest concentration of different species is centred in the warmer parts of the country – Dorset , Hampshire , Surrey , the Isle of Wight and Kent being the 5 richest counties , with 33 , 31 , 29 , 27 and 26 different species present respectively .
Samuel Elmo Martin ( 29 January 1924 – 28 November 2009 ) was a professor of Far Eastern Languages at Yale University and the author of many works on the Korean and Japanese languages .	Martin was born in Pittsburg , Kansas on 29 January 1924 , and grew up in Emporia , Kansas .
The region was occupied by British and French Canadian fur traders from before 1810 , and American settlers from the mid-1830s , with its coastal areas north from the Columbia River frequented by ships from all nations engaged in the maritime fur trade , most of these from the 1790s through 1810s being Boston-based .	The Oregon Treaty of 1846 ended disputed joint occupancy pursuant to the Treaty of 1818 and established the British-American boundary at the 49th parallel ( except Vancouver Island ) .
Ericksen .	James is widely known for his research in phase transitions .
His given name was Lín .	King Huan ’ s father was King Ping ’ son , Crown Prince Xiefu .
Taiji ( ) is a Chinese cosmological term for the `` Supreme Ultimate '' state of undifferentiated absolute and infinite potential , the oneness before duality , from which Yin and Yang originate , can be compared with the old `` Wuji '' ( 無極 , `` without ridgepole '' ) .	The term `` Taiji '' and its other spelling `` T'ai chi '' ( using Wade–Giles as opposed to Pinyin ) are most commonly used in the West to refer to `` Taijiquan '' ( or `` T'ai chi ch'uan '' , 太極拳 ) , an internal martial art , Chinese meditation system and health practice .
Parker was born in the Bronx , New York City .	He was not formally trained as a classical player , though he did study with Jimmy Garrison , Richard Davis , and Wilbur Ware and learned the tradition .
The struggle for power between the Papacy and the Holy Roman Empire had arisen with the Investiture Controversy , which began in 1075 and ended with the Concordat of Worms in 1122 .	The division between the Guelphs and Ghibellines in Italy , however , fuelled by the imperial Great Interregnum , persisted until the 15th century .
Their diversity and prominence in ecosystems also has made them important components in the study of biodiversity and conservation .	Recently , ant colonies are also studied and modeled for their relevance in machine learning , complex interactive networks , stochasticity of encounter and interaction networks , parallel computing , and other computing fields .
His mother was a friend of trumpeter Clifford Brown .	He was strongly attracted to jazz , but also played in rock groups while in high school .
Pierre Granche ( March 14 , 1948 – September 30 , 1997 ) was a French-Canadian sculptor .	Having studied at the École des Beaux-Arts de Montréal and the Université de Vincennes in Paris , he taught in the art history department of the Université de Montréal for more than twenty years ( 1975–1997 ) until his death from lung cancer in Montreal .
It establishes an ideal in monumental landscape painting to which later painters were to return time and again for inspiration .	The classic Chinese perspective of three planes is evident - near , middle ( represented by water and mist ) , and far .
Born in Elizabeth , New Jersey , he was also an avid golfer and would later be recognized as a renowned artist .	Walker is widely considered one of the greatest fighters ever , with ESPN ranking him 17th on their list of the 50 Greatest Boxers of All-Time and boxing historian Bert Sugar placing him 11th in his Top 100 Fighters catalogue .
The party was formed on April 15 , 2002 , when a group of Pat Buchanan supporters left the Reform Party .	The party is pro-life , opposes all gun control , seeks to end affirmative action , racial quotas , and is against illegal and unlimited immigration .
Their use in Canada was widespread in the 18th and 19th century timber trade .	At this time , cut timber would be floated down rivers in large timber rafts from logging camps to ports such as Montreal and Saint John , New Brunswick .
Hot Fudge ( also known as The Hot Fudge Show ) is an American children 's television series that was produced in Detroit by WXYZ-TV ( owned and operated at the time by ABC ) and distributed by the Lexington Broadcast Services Company .	Originally airing only in Detroit beginning in 1974 , the show grew in popularity and was syndicated nationally from 1976 to 1980 ; a few of WXYZ 's sister ABC-owned stations ( including KGO and WLS ) carried the program .
The Europoort area is very heavily industrialised with petrochemical refineries and storage tanks , bulk iron ore and coal handling as well as container and new motor vehicle terminals .	Europoort is situated on the South bank of the Nieuwe Waterweg , same as the Maasvlakte area .
The most basic kind of saw mill consists of a chainsaw and a customized jig ( `` Alaskan saw mill '' ) , with similar horizontal operation .	Before the invention of the sawmill , boards were made in various manual ways , either rived ( split ) and planed , hewn , or more often hand sawn by two men with a whipsaw , one above and another in a saw pit below .
Pinus albicaulis , known by the common names whitebark pine , white pine , pitch pine , scrub pine , and creeping pine , is a conifer tree native to the mountains of the western United States and Canada , specifically subalpine areas of the Sierra Nevada , Cascade Range , Pacific Coast Ranges , and Rocky Mountains from Wyoming northwards .	It shares the common name `` creeping pine '' with several other plants .
Remington Rand was a diversified conglomerate making other office equipment , electric shavers , etc .	The Remington Rand Building at 315 Park Avenue South in New York City is a 20-floor skyscraper completed in 1911 .
In combination with subsequent fires and a tsunami , the earthquake almost totally destroyed Lisbon and adjoining areas .	Seismologists today estimate the Lisbon earthquake had a magnitude in the range 8.5–9.0 on the moment magnitude scale , with its epicentre in the Atlantic Ocean about 200 km ( 120 mi ) west-southwest of Cape St. Vincent .
Every outerplanar graph is 3-colorable , and has degeneracy and treewidth at most 2 .	The outerplanar graphs are a subset of the planar graphs , the subgraphs of series-parallel graphs , and the circle graphs .
The structure was designed by John Nash in 1827 to be the state entrance to the cour d'honneur of Buckingham Palace ; it stood near the site of what is today the three-bayed , central projection of the palace containing the well known balcony .	In 1851 on the initiative of architect and urban planner , Decimus Burton , one time pupil of John Nash , it was relocated and following the widening of Park Lane in the early 1960s is now sited , incongruently isolated , on a large traffic island at the junction of Oxford Street , Park Lane and Edgware Road .
They have carbon fixation as in many other grasses .	They are medium in height .
Early tubular spirit levels had very slightly curved glass vials with constant inner diameter at each viewing point .	These vials are incompletely filled with a liquid , usually a mercury colored spirit or alcohol , leaving a bubble in the tube .
A limit state is a condition of a structure beyond which it no longer fulfills the relevant design criteria .	The condition may refer to a degree of loading or other actions on the structure , while the criteria refer to structural integrity , fitness for use , durability or other design requirements .
Guitarist Ryan Primack and drummer Chris Hornbrook were the only remaining founding members , although vocalist Jeffrey Moreira featured on all five of their full-length albums .	The band were originally named `` An Acre Lost '' and was started by singer Aryeh Lehrer and guitarist Ryan Primack .
Mathew Jay Roach ( born June 14 , 1957 ) is an American film director , producer and screenwriter , best known for directing the `` Austin Powers '' films and `` Meet the Parents '' .	He also directed the comedy film `` Dinner for Schmucks '' ( 2010 ) , the HBO political dramas `` Recount '' ( 2008 ) , `` Game Change '' ( 2012 ) and `` All the Way '' ( 2016 ) , and the political comedy `` The Campaign '' ( 2012 ) .
The Cantor set itself is a Cantor space .	But the canonical example of a Cantor space is the countably infinite topological product of the discrete 2-point space { 0 , 1 } .
Gustave Daniel Alfred Biéler DSO MBE ( 26 March 1904 – 5 September 1944 ) was a Special Operations Executive agent during World War II .	Gustave Bieler was born in Beurlay , France to Swiss parents and raised in Lausanne , Switzerland .
The twelve books involve adventures by groups of children , almost all during the school holidays and mostly in England , but including four sailing trips that go outside England .	The stories revolve around outdoor activities , especially sailing .
PF ( Packet Filter , also written pf ) is a BSD licensed stateful packet filter , a central piece of software for firewalling .	It is comparable to netfilter ( iptables ) , ipfw , and ipfilter .
A list of prominent buildings in Bucharest , Romania , organized alphabetically within each category .	Public Universities and Colleges :
Because Giuseppe Peano ( 1858–1932 ) was the first to discover one , space-filling curves in the 2-dimensional plane are sometimes called `` Peano curves '' , but that phrase also refers to the Peano curve , the specific example of a space-filling curve found by Peano .	Intuitively , a continuous curve in 2 or 3 ( or higher ) dimensions can be thought of as the path of a continuously moving point .
A longtime member of Boston 's school board and city council , she served one term in the United States House of Representatives , succeeding John William McCormack .	The daughter of a wealthy and prominent attorney and judge , Hicks attended Simmons College and received her qualification as a teacher from Wheelock College .
Bolton ( , locally ) is a town in Greater Manchester in North West England .	A former mill town , Bolton has been a production centre for textiles since Flemish weavers settled in the area in the 14th century , introducing a wool and cotton-weaving tradition .
TRAC ( for Text Reckoning And Compiling ) Language is a programming language developed between 1959-1964 by Calvin Mooers and implemented on a PDP-10 in 1964 by L. Peter Deutsch .	It was one of three `` first languages '' recommended by Ted Nelson in `` Computer Lib '' .
Alliance Atlantis Communications Inc. ( formerly traded as TSX : AAC ) was a Canadian-American media company that operated primarily as a specialty service operator in Canada .	Alliance Atlantis also had offices in Halifax , Los Angeles , London , Dublin , Madrid , Barcelona , Shannon , and Sydney .
Phyllis Virginia `` Bebe '' Daniels ( January 14 , 1901 – March 16 , 1971 ) was an American actress , singer , dancer , writer and producer .	She began her career in Hollywood during the silent film era as a child actress , became a star in musicals such as `` 42nd Street '' , and later gained further fame on radio and television in Britain .
High Barnet is a London Underground station , and former railway station , located in Chipping Barnet in North London .	The station is the terminus of the High Barnet branch of the Northern line and is in Travelcard Zone 5 .
It lies at the junction of the north-south A9 road and the west-east A836 road , connected to Bridge of Forss in the west and Castletown in the east .	The River Thurso flows through the town and into Thurso Bay and the Pentland Firth .
A few `` Cordyline australis '' or New Zealand cabbage trees are grown in the town and are often mistaken for palms .	The town lies on Loch Broom , on the A835 road from Inverness .
Since the heated water is typically used to make tea , many samovars have a ring-shaped attachment ( , ) around the chimney to hold and heat a teapot filled with tea concentrate .	Though traditionally heated with coal or charcoal , many newer samovars use electricity to heat water in a manner similar to an electric water boiler .
The town is near the A9 road , to which it is linked by the A949 and the B9168 .	The town also has a grass air strip suitable for small aircraft and helicopters .
Most royal burghs were either created by the Crown , or upgraded from another status , such as burgh of barony .	As discrete classes of burgh emerged , the royal burghs—originally distinctive because they were on royal lands—acquired a monopoly of foreign trade .
Peakshole Water flows through and out of the cave .	Unlike the other show caves in the area , Peak Cavern is almost entirely natural ; the only artificial part of the cave was blasted to bypass a low tunnel that was only accessible by lying down on a boat .
In contrast , a pail can have a top or lid and is a shipping container .	In common usage , the two terms are often used interchangeably .
Paciurea was one of the founders of the Romanian Art Society ( 1919 ) .	A room of the Romanian National Art Museum is devoted largely to his Chimera sculptures .
In Pamplona , Spain , Mitch Robbins , a radio advertisement executive , participates in the annual San Fermín festival , along with friends Ed Furillo and Phil Berquist .	Back in New York City , Mitch has turned 39 years old and realizes his trips are to escape the reality of going through a midlife crisis .
The Atomic Energy Research Establishment , known as AERE or colloquially Harwell Laboratory , near Harwell , Oxfordshire , was the main centre for atomic energy research and development in the United Kingdom from the 1940s to the 1990s .	In 1945 John Cockcroft was asked to set up a research laboratory to further the use of nuclear fission for both military purposes and generating energy .
The population of the council as taken at the 2011 Census was 99,023 .	The district council is now a non-constituent partner member of the Sheffield City Region Combined Authority .
The term is derived from the Greek `` tetra '' , meaning four , and `` morph '' , shape .	Archaeological evidence exists showing that early man divided the four quarters of the horizon , or space , later a place of sacrifice , such as a temple , and attributed characteristics and spiritual qualities to each quarter .
The A68 is a major road in the United Kingdom , running from Darlington in England to the A720 in Edinburgh .	From Darlington , the road runs north , bypassing Bishop Auckland , and running through West Auckland , Toft Hill and Tow Law , past Consett and Corbridge .
He was deeply concerned about poverty , injustice and illiteracy , and considered them barriers to peace in the world .	In 1955 , he founded Laubach Literacy , which helped introduce about 150,000 Americans to reading each year and had grown to embrace 34 developing countries .
He was previously elected to the House of Commons for Boothferry in 1987 , and reelected in 1992 .	Davis was sworn of the Privy Council in the 1997 New Year Honours , having previously been Minister of State for Europe from 1994 to 1997 .
The A77 road is a major road in Scotland .	It runs in a southwesternly direction from the city of Glasgow , past the towns of Giffnock , Newton Mearns , Kilmarnock , Prestwick , Ayr , Maybole , Girvan and Stranraer to the town of Portpatrick on the Irish Sea .
Most of the victims were recent Italian and Jewish immigrant women aged 14 to 23 ; of the victims whose ages are known , the oldest victim was 43-year-old Providenza Panno , and the youngest were 14-year-olds Kate Leone and `` Sara '' Rosaria Maltese .	The factory was located on the eighth , ninth and tenth floors of the Asch Building , at 23–29 Washington Place in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan .
Thurman Lee Munson ( June 7 , 1947 – August 2 , 1979 ) was an American professional baseball catcher who played 11 seasons in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the New York Yankees ( 1969–1979 ) .	A seven-time All-Star , Munson had a career batting average of .292 with 113 home runs and 701 runs batted in ( RBIs ) .
The A470 , also referred to as the Cardiff to Glan Conwy Trunk Road , is a long road in Wales that connects Cardiff on the south coast to Llandudno on the north coast .	It has undergone considerable road improvement in the last two decades .
As the structure of local government in England is not uniform , there are currently four principal types of district-level subdivision .	There are a total of 326 districts made up of 36 metropolitan boroughs , 32 London boroughs , 201 non-metropolitan districts , 55 unitary authorities , as well as the City of London and the Isles of Scilly which are also districts , but do not correspond to any of these categories .
The Seeds were an American rock band that is considered a prototype for mid-sixties garage punk rock..	The group , whose repertoire spread between garage rock and acid rock , have been termed a freakbeat band .
Redd Kross is an American alternative rock band from Hawthorne , California , who had their roots in 1978 in a band called The Tourists , while they were still in middle school .	With the addition of friends Greg Hetson and John Stielow on drums , the band 's first gig was opening for Black Flag .
The Reagans is a 2003 American made-for-television biographical drama film about U.S. President Ronald Reagan and his family .	The network CBS had planned to broadcast the film in November 2003 during fall `` sweeps '' , but was ultimately broadcast on November 30 of that year on cable channel Showtime due to controversy over its portrayal of Reagan .
A Journal of the Plague Year is a novel by Daniel Defoe , first published in March 1722 .	This novel is an account of one man 's experiences of the year 1665 , in which the Great Plague or the bubonic plague struck the city of London .
Some smaller territories were incorporated directly into the existing Gaue East Prussia and Silesia , while the bulk of the land was used to create new Reichsgaue Danzig-West Prussia and Wartheland .	Of those , Reichsgau Wartheland was the largest and the only one comprising solely the annexed territory .
St Albans City and District is a non-metropolitan district and city created on 1 April 1974 as a merger of the Municipal Borough of St Albans , the Harpenden Urban District and most of St Albans Rural District .	The municipal borough had had city status since 1877 and it was granted to the entire district by letters patent on 9 July 1974 .
The town 's population is just over 30,000 .	Harpenden is a commuter town , with a direct rail connection through Central London and property prices well over double the national average .
Diphosgene is a chemical compound with the formula ClCOCCl .	This colorless liquid is a valuable reagent in the synthesis of organic compounds .
He is the father of actor Josh Brolin and husband of Barbra Streisand .	Brolin has won two Golden Globes and an Emmy .
It was usually paired with a 15IE-00-013 terminal and I/O devices .	The main logic unit is located on the M2 CPU board .
By 1721 , Defoe had become a recognised novelist , with the success of `` Robinson Crusoe '' in 1719 .	His political work was tapering off at this point , due to the fall of both Whig and Tory party leaders with whom he had been associated ; Robert Walpole was beginning his rise , and Defoe was never fully at home with the Walpole group .
He has worked producing records and films , and has scored music for film in movies and television .	Wyman has kept a journal since he was a child after World War II .
Thomas Dix Hincks and a younger brother of the noted scholars Edward Hincks and William Hincks .	He was educated at Trinity College , Dublin .
The family found a new home in Kempten im Allgäu , Bavaria .	Furrer stayed there until he joined the University of Kiel to study physics .
It can be the electrons and protons themselves , as well as other elementary particles , like positrons .	It may also be an atomic nucleus devoid of electrons , such as an alpha particle , a helium nucleus .
Founded in 1816 by Eliphalet Remington in Ilion , New York , on March 1 , 1873 it became known for manufacturing the first commercial typewriter .	There are two versions of the origin story of the first Remington rifle barrel .
The ABS announced that any answers that were Jedi-related in the religion question were to be classified as `` not defined '' and stressed the social impact of making misleading or false statements on the census .	An ABS spokesperson said that `` further analysis of census responses has been undertaken since the release of census data on June 17 to separately identify the number of Jedi-related responses '' .
It is owned by iHeartMedia and airs a News/Talk format .	Its studios are located at Five Star Bank Plaza in downtown Rochester .
In German , it is known as `` Groß Sankt Nikolaus '' , in Hungarian as `` Nagyszentmiklós '' , in Banat Bulgarian as `` Smikluš '' , and in Serbian as Сент Николаш / `` Sent Nikolaš '' .	It is translated as `` Great St. Nicholas '' in English .
The population was 9,663 in the 2001 census , which doubles during the regatta in early August .	The population at the 2011 census was 10,405 .
Newry was founded in 1144 alongside a Cistercian monastery , although there are references to earlier settlements in the area , and is one of Ireland 's oldest towns .	The city is an entry to the `` Gap of the North '' , close to the border with the Republic of Ireland .
In the late Heian Period ( 12th century ) , Aki Province became well known for the Itsukushima Shrine .	Taira no Kiyomori realized the shrine 's importance and donated funds for a new complex of buildings and sutra scrolls .
Sir John Douglas Cockcroft , ( 27 May 1897 – 18 September 1967 ) was a British physicist who shared with Ernest Walton the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1951 for splitting the atomic nucleus , and was instrumental in the development of nuclear power .	After service on the Western Front with the Royal Field Artillery during the Great War , Cockcroft studied electrical engineering at Manchester Municipal College of Technology .
It was produced using a single camera setup .	Mercer began the show while also appearing as a cast member in the sketch comedy series `` This Hour Has 22 Minutes '' ; he left `` 22 Minutes '' in 2001 .
It was incorporated into the Regional Municipality of Grand Tracadie–Sheila on July 1 , 2014 .	Its population in the 2011 Census was 6,920 .
Mother Svea or Mother Swea ( Swedish : `` Moder Svea '' ) is the female personification of Sweden and a patriotic emblem of the Swedish nation .	Mother Svea is normally depicted as a powerful female warrior , valkyrie or shieldmaiden , frequently holding a shield and standing beside a lion .
In 1531 , Akiyama Nobutomo was born at in Kai province .	His father was Akiyama Nobutou , a member of a respected family in the service of the Takeda clan .
These instruments have a single row of bars , tuned to the distinctive pelog or slendro scales , or a subset of them .	The Western glockenspiel and vibraphone are also metallophones : they have two rows of bars , in an imitation of the piano keyboard , and are tuned to the chromatic scale .
Because of their common Scandinavian origin , the Three Crowns are also featured in the royal coat of arms of Denmark where they might be referred to as the `` union mark '' .	One of several , earlier , traditional explanations have suggested Albrekt of Mecklenburg ( 1338–1412 ) , who ruled Sweden 1364-89 , brought the symbol from Germany as a sign of his reign of Sweden , Finland and Mecklenburg .
`` The Washington Post '' editor Ben Bradlee `` is credited with coining the phrase `` non-denial denial '' to characterize the evasive Oval Office answers to questions '' , according to a 1991 retrospective on Bradlee 's career in `` The Times '' .	The phrase was popularized during the Watergate scandal by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein in their 1974 book `` All the President 's Men '' , in reference to evasive statements and equivocal denials by then-Attorney General John N. Mitchell .
Mapp v. Ohio , 367 U.S. 643 ( 1961 ) , was a landmark case in criminal procedure , in which the United States Supreme Court decided that evidence obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment , which protects against `` unreasonable searches and seizures , '' may not be used in state law criminal prosecutions in state courts , as well as in federal criminal law prosecutions in federal courts as had previously been the law .	The Supreme Court accomplished this by use of a principle known as selective incorporation ; in `` Mapp '' this involved the incorporation of the provisions , as interpreted by the Court , of the Fourth Amendment which is applicable only to actions of the federal government into the Fourteenth Amendment due process clause which is applicable to actions of the states .
The haka ( ; plural `` haka '' , in both Māori and English ) is a ceremonial dance or challenge in Māori culture .	It is a posture dance performed by a group , with vigorous movements and stamping of the feet with rhythmically shouted accompaniment .
NCA research is integrated and summarized in the mandatory ongoing National Climate Assessment Reports .	The reports are `` extensively reviewed by the public and experts , including federal agencies and a panel of the National Academy of Sciences .
A significant aspect in many of Morgan 's medieval and later iterations is the unpredictable duality of her nature , with potential for both good and evil .	Her character may have been rooted in Welsh mythology as well as other earlier myths and historical figures .
The Siege of Havana was a military action that lasted from March to August of 1762 , and was a part of the Seven Years ' War .	British forces besieged and captured the city of Havana , which at the time was an important Spanish naval base , the Brirish dealt a serious blow to the Spanish Navy .
She then became a journalist on the BBC 's prestigious `` Panorama '' programme , and Thames Television 's `` This Week '' and presented the BBC 2 series `` Social History of Medicine '' .	She has a strong interest in health issues , notably as a campaigner on HIV and AIDS .
The name 'Blondel de Nesle ' is attached to twenty-four or twenty-five courtly songs .	He was identified in 1942 , by Holger Dyggve , as Jean II of Nesle ( near Amiens ) , who was nicknamed 'Blondel ' for his long blond hair .
In English usually called morin khuur ( approx `` MORE-een KOOR '' ) or translated as `` horsehead fiddle '' ( although the more literal translation would be just `` horse fiddle '' ( or `` horse stringed-instrument '' ) -- '' 'Morin ' '' = '' horse '' , `` 'khuur ' '' = '' fiddle '' / '' stringed-instrument '' ) .	The full Classical Mongolian name for the morin khuur is `` morin toloγai tai quγur '' , , ( which in modern Khalkh cyrillic is Морин толгойтой хуур ) meaning `` fiddle with a horse 's head '' .
Timothy Stephen Kenneth Yeo ( born 20 March 1945 ) is a British politician .	A member of the Conservative Party , he was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the constituency of South Suffolk between the United Kingdom general election , 1983 and that of 2015 , when he was deselected by his constituency party .
The name `` Trigger Street '' is a reference to an actual street in Spacey 's boyhood home of Chatsworth , where Roy Rogers and Dale Evans ( and Roy 's horse Trigger ) had their ranch .	Spacey and his childhood friends dreamed of opening a neighborhood theater where they could stage their own `` Trigger Street '' productions .
She was the only woman ever appointed to the Cabinet by Margaret Thatcher .	Born in 1926 , she went to the mainly boys Dragon School in Oxford where she played rugby and cricket , and then to Headington School .
This was six days before Charles Messier observed the same galaxy , but had mistaken it as a comet .	M61 is one of the largest members of Virgo Cluster , and belongs to a smaller subgroup known as the `` S Cloud '' .
In 2001 , it was merged with the municipalities of Schoorl and Bergen to form the municipality of Bergen .	The three main villages in the former municipality are Egmond aan den Hoef , Egmond aan Zee and Egmond-Binnen .
The matheme ( from `` lesson '' ) is a concept introduced in the work of the 20th century French psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan .	The term matheme 'occurred for the first time in the lecture Lacan delivered on November 4 , 1971 ... Between 1972 and 1973 he gave several definitions of it , passing from the use of the singular to the use of the plural and back again ' .
While Bishop of Philadelphia , Neumann founded the first Catholic diocesan school system in the United States .	He is a Roman Catholic saint , canonized in 1977 .
Joseph II transformed it into a `` lyceum '' , where civil servants and medical personnel were trained .	In 1827 it was re-instituted as a university by Emperor Francis I , thus gaining the name `` Karl-Franzens-Universität '' , meaning `` Charles Francis University '' .
Skellig is a children 's novel by the British author David Almond , published by Hodder in 1998 .	It was the Whitbread Children 's Book of the Year and it won the Carnegie Medal from the Library Association , recognising the year 's outstanding children 's book by a British author .
While primarily known as a poet , he also translated Dante 's `` Divine Comedy '' , wrote several volumes of children 's poetry , pursued etymology , contributed to the `` Saturday Review '' as a columnist and long-time poetry editor , and directed the Bread Loaf Writers ' Conference in Vermont .	In 1959 , Ciardi published a book on how to read , write , and teach poetry , `` How Does a Poem Mean ?
Alistair Maclean Darling , Baron Darling of Roulanish , ( born 28 November 1953 ) , is a British Labour Party politician who served as Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Labour Government from 2007-2010 and as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) from 1987 until he stepped down in 2015 , most recently for Edinburgh South West .	He was one of only three people to have served in the Cabinet continuously from Labour 's landslide victory at the 1997 general election until their defeat at the 2010 general election ; the other two were Gordon Brown and Jack Straw .
This list of train routes in the Netherlands focuses on the routes taken by trains travelling on railway lines in the Netherlands .	A list including all stops on the train routes can be found at Dutch railway services .
It is the first news website in Korea to accept , edit and publish articles from its readers , in an open source style of news reporting .	About 20 % of the site 's content is written by the 55-person staff , while most of the articles are written by other freelance contributors who are mostly ordinary citizens .
Platon Lebedev graduated from the Academy of National Economy Plekhanov in Moscow in 1981 .	After graduating he worked in the Foreign Trade Department `` Zarubezhgeologia '' ( Russian : Зарубежгеология ) of the Soviet Ministry of Geology until 1989 .
It forms part of the municipality of Oldambt .	Nieuweschans means `` new fortification ( sconce ) '' .
Stavoren , ( ; ; previously Staveren ) is a town in Friesland , Netherlands , on the coast of the IJsselmeer about 5 km south of Hindeloopen , in the municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân .	Stavoren had a population of 950 in January 2017 .
Raspe was born in Seefeld in Tirol .	He was described as gentle but had difficulty communicating with other people .
France published the constitution of the new republic on 20 Messidor ( 7 July ) , establishing the division of the territory into eleven departments : Adda ( Lodi ) , Alpi Apuane ( Massa ) , Crostolo ( Reggio ) , Lario ( Como ) , Montagna ( Lecco ) , Olona ( Milan ) , Panaro ( Modena ) , Po ( Cremona ) , Serio ( Bergamo ) , Ticino ( Pavia ) , and Verbano ( Varese ) .	The rest of Cispadania was merged into the Cisalpine Republic on 27 July , with the capital of the unified state being Milan .
According to the airspace classes set by ICAO , both class F and class G airspace are uncontrolled .	It is the opposite of controlled airspace .
It originated in the 1980s , initially fusing elements of Chicago house with 1980s jazz-funk and touches of soul music .	Deep house tracks generally have a tempo of between 100 and 125 beats per minute ( BPM ) .
Fast , Cheap & Out of Control is a 1997 film by documentary filmmaker Errol Morris .	It profiles four subjects with extraordinary careers : Dave Hoover , who is a lion tamer ; George Mendonça , who created topiaries at Green Animals Topiary Garden in Portsmouth , Rhode Island , including giraffes made out of boxwood ; Ray Mendez , a hairless mole-rats expert ; and Rodney Brooks , an M.I.T .
The purpose of the coating is to protect the molten metal from oxygen and nitrogen present in the atmosphere .	His pioneering of covered electrode development paved the road during the next twenty years in the research of reliable flux coated electrodes .
It comprised the region of Greater Poland and adjacent areas .	Parts of `` Warthegau '' matched the similarly named pre-Versailles Prussian province of Posen .
They called themselves `` Radicals '' with a sense of a complete permanent eradication of slavery and secessionism , without compromise .	They were opposed during the War by the moderate Republicans ( led by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln ) , by the conservative Republicans , and by the anti-abolitionist and anti-Reconstruction Democratic Party as well as by conservatives in the South and liberals in the North during Reconstruction .
Shah Rukh Khan ( born Shahrukh Khan ; 2 November 1965 ) , also known by the initialism SRK , is an Indian film actor , producer , and television personality .	Referred to in the media as the `` Badshah of Bollywood '' , `` King of Bollywood '' and `` King Khan '' , he has appeared in more than 80 Bollywood films , and earned numerous accolades , including 14 Filmfare Awards .
The house was built partly over a waterfall on Bear Run in the Mill Run section of Stewart Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania , located in the Laurel Highlands of the Allegheny Mountains .	The house was designed as a weekend home for the family of Liliane Kaufmann and her husband , Edgar J. Kaufmann , Sr. , owner of Kaufmann 's Department Store .
Because of the algorithm 's importance , specific variants and implementation styles have become known by their own names , as described below .	Because the Cooley–Tukey algorithm breaks the DFT into smaller DFTs , it can be combined arbitrarily with any other algorithm for the DFT .
Andrew Hill was born in Chicago , Illinois ( not in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , nor was he born in 1937 , as was reported by many earlier jazz reference books ) , to William and Hattie Hille .	He had a brother , Robert , who was a singer and classical violin player .
Université Laval ( ) is a French-language , public research university in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .	The University was founded by royal charter issued by Queen Victoria in 1852 , with roots in the founding of the Séminaire de Québec in 1663 by François de Montmorency-Laval , making it the oldest centre of higher education in Canada and the first North American institution to offer higher education in French .
The Feistel structure has the advantage that encryption and decryption operations are very similar , even identical in some cases , requiring only a reversal of the key schedule .	Therefore , the size of the code or circuitry required to implement such a cipher is nearly halved .
A zoom lens is a mechanical assembly of lens elements for which the focal length ( and thus angle of view ) can be varied , as opposed to a fixed focal length ( FFL ) lens ( see prime lens ) .	A true zoom lens , also called a parfocal lens , is one that maintains focus when its focal length changes .
The name is derived from `` cereal germ '' in a continuation of the sheaf metaphor , as a germ is ( locally ) the `` heart '' of a function , as it is for a grain .	Given a point `` x '' of a topological space X , and two maps formula_1 ( where `` Y '' is any set ) , then formula_2 and formula_3 define the same germ at `` x '' if there is a neighbourhood `` U '' of `` x '' such that restricted to `` U '' , `` f '' and `` g '' are equal ; meaning that formula_4 for all `` u '' in `` U '' .
He worked for Radio-Canada where he became a director for the Evening News .	He wrote poems for many years and in 1964 he was encouraged by friends to compete in an amateur singing competition .
The pilot can maintain or change the airspeed , altitude , and direction of flight ( heading ) as well as the rate of climb or rate of descent and rate of turn ( bank angle ) through the use of the aircraft flight controls and aircraft engine controls to adjust the `` sight picture '' .	Some reference to flight instruments is usually necessary to determine exact airspeed , altitude , heading , bank angle and rate of climb/descent .
The IYDU stands for conservative politics and free-market policies .	IYDU host a number of events for member organisations each year including a Freedom Forum ( mid-year ) , an Annual Council Meeting , and overseas study visits .
Special wash sale rules apply if the same or substantially similar asset is bought , acquired , or optioned within 30 days before or after the sale .	According to 26 U.S.C .
Whad'Ya Know ?	is an American comedy , interview , and quiz radio show .
She was subsequently executed at the Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp .	Andrée Borrel was born into a working-class family in , a north-western suburb of Paris , France .
The glass harmonica , also known as the glass armonica , glass harmonium , bowl organ , hydrocrystalophone , or simply the armonica or harmonica ( derived from , `` harmonia '' , the Greek word for harmony ) , is a type of musical instrument that uses a series of glass bowls or goblets graduated in size to produce musical tones by means of friction ( instruments of this type are known as friction idiophones ) .	The name `` glass harmonica '' ( also `` glass armonica '' , `` glassharmonica '' ; `` harmonica de verre '' , `` harmonica de Franklin '' , `` armonica de verre '' , or just `` harmonica '' in French ; `` Glasharmonika '' in German ; `` harmonica '' in Dutch ) refers today to any instrument played by rubbing glass or crystal goblets or bowls .
`` , formerly a radio show distributed by Public Radio International and now a podcast .	His former announcer , Jim Packard , referred to him as `` The Sage of Wisconsin . ''
Rosindell was born in Romford as the son of a school dinner lady and a Flight Engineer .	Rosindell attended Rise Park School , where he was bullied , and then Marshalls Park School .
Malcolm Reed , portrayed by Dominic Keating , is a fictional character on the television series `` '' .	Reed , born 2117 , is English , and is , at different times , the tactical officer and armory officer aboard the starship `` Enterprise '' .
Today , among the various Polynesian countries , the word `` ama '' is often used together with the word `` vaka '' ( Cook Islands ) or `` waka '' ( Māori ) or `` va'a '' ( Samoa Islands , Tahiti ) , cognate words in various Polynesian languages to describe a canoe .	In modern sailing , the term is sometimes used to refer to the outrigger on a proa or trimaran , or the two sections of a catamaran .
Sasaki Takahisa in the 14th century , having lost his parents at the age of three years , he was brought up by a nun ( `` ama '' in Japanese ) .	He was the first to take the name of Amago ( nun 's son ) in her memory .
He launched a series of invasions to expand his domain , going as far as Harima .	His childhood name was
He lost to Mōri Terumoto at Nunobeyama in 1570 and fled to the island of Oki .	Katsuhisa later returned from Oki and captured Tajima and Inaba provinces , defending Kozuki Castle for Toyotomi Hideyoshi against the Mōri clan .
A principle Amako general under Tsunehisa , he led a force that came to be nicknamed the `` Shingū army '' .	Kunihisa 's faction was named Shingūtō ( 新宮党 ) after the town , `` Shingū '' , which was based in a valley north-east of Gassan-Toda where Kunihisa had established a mansion .
Not satisfied with the size of his domain , he demanded another 700 `` Kan '' in addition to 3000 Kan he already owned .	He raised a revolt against Tsunehisa in 1532 suspecting Kamei Hidetsuna , the chief advisor to Tsunehisa had been plotting against him .
He succeeded a deputy governor of Izumo province in 1477 and received a letter `` Kei '' ( 経 ) from the Governor Kyogoku Masatsune 's name .	He was expelled by the Governor Kyogoku Masatsune in 1484 .
After his father 's sudden death in 1560 , he became the head of the clan to continue the fight against the Mōri clan .	While besieged in Toda Castle , Yoshihisa had a retainer , Moriyama Hisakane executed after fearing betrayal .
The science that studies these processes is called phylogenetics .	These terms may be confused with the term phylogenetics , the application of molecular - analytical methods ( i.e .
Muck is a sapric soil that is naturally waterlogged or is artificially drained .	The soils are deep , dark colored , and friable , often underlain by marl , or marly clay .
Ji-Paraná ( sometimes spelled Jiparaná ) is the second most populous municipality in the Brazilian state of Rondônia , with a population of 130.419 , and the 16th most populous city of the Brazilian North Region , the 210th most populous city of Brazil , and the 113th of the Brazilian interior .	It has an area of 6,897 km² .
The churches cooperating with the Baptist General Convention of Texas ( BGCT ) partner nationally and internationally with both the Southern Baptist Convention and the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship , among others , for missions .	In 2009 , the BGCT began to also go by the name Texas Baptists to better communicate who they are .
During the winter months of the 1903-1904 academic year at New York University , the idea of starting a business fraternity was first brought up .	One of the founding members later suggested that it was Frederic R. Leach who first developed the idea for formation of a fraternity .
A body is discovered on a collective farm during harvesting in 1982 .	A subsequent search of adjacent woods , authorized by newly installed forensic specialist , Viktor Burakov , turns up seven more bodies in varying stages of decomposition .
Nazism and the acts of the Nazi German state profoundly affected many countries , communities , and people before , during and after World War II .	While the attempt of the regime to exterminate several nations viewed as subhuman by Nazi ideology was eventually stopped by the combined efforts of the wartime Allies headed by Britain , the Soviet Union , and the United States .
He graduated in 1961 and was commissioned into the Royal Australian Engineers in December 1961 .	After completing a Fellowship Diploma in Civil Engineering at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology , Sanderson had a series of regimental postings .
Hill Valley is the fictional town in California as shown with the clock that serves as the setting of the `` Back to the Future '' trilogy and its .	In the trilogy , Hill Valley is seen in four different time periods ( 1885 , 1955 , 1985 and 2015 ) as well as in a dystopian alternate 1985 .
Kurt Eisner ( ; 14 May 186721 February 1919 ) was a journalist and theatre critic .	As a socialist journalist , he organised the Socialist Revolution that overthrew the Wittelsbach monarchy in Bavaria in November 1918 .
`` Gauleiter '' was the second highest Nazi Party paramilitary rank , subordinate only to the higher rank `` Reichsleiter '' and to the position of `` Führer '' .	During World War II , the rank of `` Gauleiter '' was obtained only by direct appointment from Adolf Hitler .
Lyrically , the band deals with topics on fantasy , mythology , nature , the cosmos , and metaphysics .	Vintersorg means `` Winter Sorrow , '' but the name was taken from `` The Legend of the Ice People '' series by Margit Sandemo , where the character Vintersorg is the son of a great pagan leader .
Duke Xiao of Qin ( , 381–338 BC ) , given name Quliang ( ) , was the ruler of the Qin state from 361 to 338 BC during the Warring States period of Chinese history .	Duke Xiao is best known for employing the Legalist statesman Shang Yang from the State of Wey ( 衛 ) , and authorizing him to conduct a series of ground breaking political , military and economic reforms in Qin .
The widest application for spark ignition internal combustion engines is in petrol ( gasoline ) road vehicles : cars and motorcycles .	Compression ignition Diesel engines ignite the fuel-air mixture by the heat of compression and do not need a spark .
Zhuanxu 's granddaughter Nüxiu ( 女脩 ) gave birth to Daye ( 大業 ) after swallowing an egg of a swallow .	Daye 's son Boyi ( 伯益 ) was awarded the ancestral name Ying ( 嬴 ) by the mythical Chinese ruler Shun .
Bochs ( pronounced `` box '' ) is a portable IA-32 and x86-64 IBM PC compatible emulator and debugger mostly written in C++ and distributed as free software under the GNU Lesser General Public License .	It supports emulation of the processor ( s ) ( including protected mode ) , memory , disks , display , Ethernet , BIOS and common hardware peripherals of PCs .
He is often credited as the founder of modern maritime navigation ; his book `` The New American Practical Navigator '' , first published in 1802 , is still carried on board every commissioned U.S .	Naval vessel .
Duke Mu of Qin ( died 621 ) , born Renhao , was a duke of Qin ( 659–621 ) in the western reaches of the Zhou Kingdom during the Spring and Autumn Period of Chinese history .	Sometimes considered one of China 's Five Hegemons , he greatly expanded the territory of Qin during the reign of King Xiang .
While a student at Harvard , Porter majored in fine arts ; he continued his studies at the Art Students ' League when he moved to New York City in 1928 .	His studies at the Art Students ' League predisposed him to produce socially relevant art and , although the subjects would change , he continued to produce realist work for the rest of his career .
Sharma was born on 13 January 1949 in Patiala , Punjab , India .	He attended one of the top schools in the city , St. Ann 's High School , Secunderabad , and later on went to study in St. Georges Grammar School , Hyderabad .
Matthew Fontaine Maury ( January 14 , 1806February 1 , 1873 ) was an American astronomer , United States Navy officer , historian , oceanographer , meteorologist , cartographer , author , geologist , and educator .	He was nicknamed `` Pathfinder of the Seas '' and `` Father of Modern Oceanography and Naval Meteorology '' and later , `` Scientist of the Seas '' for his extensive works in his books , especially `` The Physical Geography of the Sea '' ( 1855 ) , the first such extensive and comprehensive book on oceanography to be published .
Grant Morrison , MBE ( born 31 January 1960 ) is a Scottish comic book writer and playwright .	He is known for his nonlinear narratives and countercultural leanings in his runs on titles including DC Comics 's `` Animal Man '' , `` Batman '' , `` JLA '' , `` Action Comics '' , `` All-Star Superman '' , Vertigo 's `` The Invisibles '' , and Fleetway 's `` 2000 AD '' .
In politics , crossing the floor is when a politician changes their allegiance or votes against their party in a Westminster system parliament .	Crossing the floor may be voting against the approved party lines , or changing to another party after being elected while a member of a first party .
The Gun Club has been called a `` tribal psychobilly blues '' band .	The Gun Club were formed by Jeffrey Lee Pierce ( guitar and vocals ) , former head of the Blondie fan club in Los Angeles and previously a member of the Red Lights , the E-Types , the Individuals , Phast Phreddie & Thee Precisions , and the Cyclones .
This film is often considered a progenitor of the fictional zombie of modern culture .	Other films in the series include `` Dawn of the Dead '' ( 1978 ) and `` Day of the Dead '' ( 1985 ) .
MinGW does not rely on third-party C runtime dynamic-link library ( DLL ) files , and because the runtime libraries are not distributed using the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , it is not necessary to distribute the source code with the programs produced , unless a GPL library is used elsewhere in the program .	MinGW can be run either on the native Microsoft Windows platform , cross-hosted on Linux ( or other Unix ) , or `` cross-native '' on Cygwin .
Robinson published details of the projection 's construction in 1974 .	The National Geographic Society ( NGS ) began using the Robinson projection for general purpose world maps in 1988 , replacing the Van der Grinten projection .
During the interview , Corinne becomes angry and belligerent towards the reporter , eventually lashing out at her boss and getting fired .	The segment resonates with the station 's teenage viewers , who see Corinne as a kindred spirit .
Tobi Celeste Vail ( born July 20 , 1969 ) is an independent musician , music critic and feminist from Olympia , Washington .	She was a central figure in the riot grrl scene—she coined the spelling of `` grrl '' —and she started the zine `` Jigsaw '' .
Based in Canton , Massachusetts , it was founded in 1945 by Burt Baskin and Irv Robbins in Glendale , California .	It claims to be the world 's largest chain of ice cream specialty stores , with 7,500 locations , including nearly 2,500 shops in the United States and over 5,000 in other countries as of December 28 , 2013 .
Randolph Apperson Hearst ( December 2 , 1915 – December 18 , 2000 ) was the fourth and last surviving son of William Randolph Hearst and Millicent Hearst .	His twin brother , David , died in 1986 .
The glans ( , plural `` glandes '' ; from the Latin word for `` acorn '' ) is a vascular structure located at the tip of the penis in male mammals or a homologous genital structure of the clitoris in female mammals .	The exterior structure of the glans consists of mucous membrane , which is usually covered by foreskin or clitoral hood in naturally developed genitalia .
The MPSF was founded in 1992 and specifically created to provide an outlet for competition in non-revenue-producing Olympic sports .	The MPSF conducts championships in men 's volleyball ; women 's lacrosse ; and indoor track , gymnastics , and water polo for both men and women .
Harold Arlen ( born Hyman Arluck ; February 15 , 1905 – April 23 , 1986 ) was an American composer of popular music who composed over 500 songs , a number of which have become known worldwide .	In addition to composing the songs for the 1939 film `` The Wizard of Oz '' ( lyrics by E.Y .
Approximately 12,000 students are enrolled in six colleges .	Extended campus locations in are in Loveland , Denver , and Colorado Springs .
The MTA discontinued the use of tokens in the subway on May 3 , 2003 , and on buses on December 31 , 2003 .	The MetroCard is managed by a division of the MTA known as Revenue Control , MetroCard Sales , which is part of the Office of the Executive Vice President .
Latin School of Chicago is the oldest independent day school in the city of Chicago .	Latin School was formed in 1888 by a group of parents seeking a better education for their children .
He was the son of Creoda and father of Penda and Eowa .	Unusually , the names Pybba and Penda are likely of British Celtic , rather than Germanic , origin .
Ruthanasia , a portmanteau of `` Ruth '' and `` euthanasia '' , is the pejorative name ( typically used by opponents ) given to the period of free-market policies conducted during the first term of the fourth National government in New Zealand , from 1990 to 1993 .	As the first period of reform from 1984 to 1990 was known as Rogernomics after the Labour Party Minister of Finance , Roger Douglas , so the second period became known as `` Ruthanasia '' , after the National Party 's Minister of Finance , Ruth Richardson .
OMAR is an acronym for the Organization for Mine Clearance and Afghan Rehabilitation .	The collection includes unexploded ordnance , cluster bombs and airdrop bombs used by the War in Afghanistan .
was a 1965 manned spaceflight in NASA 's Project Gemini .	It was the third manned Gemini flight , the eleventh manned American spaceflight ( including two X-15 flights above ) , and the nineteenth human spaceflight of all time .
Born in Astakos , Greece , Leandros left in the 1950s for Germany to pursue a career in singing and composing .	He had some success , but shifted his focus to his daughter , Vicky , who had been singing from a very early age and turned out to be the real treasure .
Henry Kuttner ( April 7 , 1915 – February 3 , 1958 ) was an American author of science fiction , fantasy and horror .	Henry Kuttner was born in Los Angeles , California in 1915 .
Theta Tau ( ΘΤ ) is a co-ed professional engineering fraternity .	The fraternity has programs to promote the social , academic , and professional development of its members .
Early in his career he sometimes used the pseudonyms Will Stewart and Nils O. Sonderlund .	Williamson was born April 29 , 1908 in Bisbee , Arizona Territory , and spent his early childhood in western Texas .
Edward Whymper ( 27 April 1840 – 16 September 1911 ) was an English mountaineer , explorer , illustrator , and author best known for the first ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865 .	Four members of his climbing party were killed during the descent .
It is one of two two-digit numbers whose square and higher powers of the number also ends in the same last two digits , e.g .	25 = 625 , the other is 76 .
26 is the only integer that is one greater than a square ( 5 + 1 ) and one less than a cube ( 3 − 1 ) .	A rhombicuboctahedron has twenty-six faces .
The first inhabitants expanded the range of their settlement to the east and south of the continent .	The first recorded European contact was in 1616 , when Dutch explorer Dirk Hartog landed on the west coast .
Nonetheless , he planned to follow his father 's footsteps into art school , until the outbreak of World War I intervened .	During his service with the German Army , between 1915–1918 , Lippisch had the chance to fly as an aerial photographer and mapper .
The purpose of the contact breaker is to interrupt the current flowing in the primary winding of the ignition coil .	When this occurs , the collapsing current induces a high voltage in the secondary winding of the coil , which has many more windings .
It forms a twin prime pair with thirty-one , which is also a primorial prime .	Twenty-nine is also the sixth Sophie Germain prime .
28 ( twenty-eight ) is the natural number following 27 and preceding 29 .	It is a composite number , its proper divisors being 1 , 2 , 4 , 7 , and 14 .
He was a popular author from the 1950s to the 1970s , especially with readers of science fiction and fantasy magazines .	Reynolds was the first author to write an original novel based upon the 1966-1969 NBC television series `` '' .
A distributor is an enclosed rotating shaft used in spark-ignition internal combustion engines that have mechanically-timed ignition .	The distributor 's main function is to route secondary , or high voltage , current from the ignition coil to the spark plugs in the correct firing order , and for the correct amount of time .
The term foreign evolved during the mid-13th century from `` ferren , foreyne '' , `` out of doors '' , based on the Old French `` forain '' , `` outer , external , outdoor ; remote '' , reflecting the sense of `` not in one 's own land '' first attested in the late 14th century .	Spelling in English was altered in the 17th century , perhaps by influence of the words `` reign '' and `` sovereign '' .
James Brendan Bolger ( ; born 31 May 1935 ) is a New Zealand politician of the National Party who was the 35th Prime Minister of New Zealand , serving from 1990 to 1997 .	Bolger was born to an Irish immigrant family in Opunake , Taranaki .
Masherbrum ( ; formerly known as K1 ) is located in the Ghanche District , Gilgit Baltistan of Pakistan .	At it is the 22nd highest mountain in the world and the 9th highest in Pakistan .
Magneto ( ) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics , commonly in association with the X-Men .	Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby , the character first appears in `` The X-Men '' # 1 ( cover-dated Sept. 1963 ) as an adversary of the X-Men .
Mexican teen pop group Magneto emerged in 1983 .	Their first record , Dejalo Que Gire came in 1984 , followed by Super 6 Magneto .
Quicksilver has the superhuman ability to move at great speeds .	In most depictions , he is a mutant , a human born with innate superhuman powers .
Zabul became an independent province from neighbouring Kandahar in 1963 .	Historically , it was part of the Zabulistan region .
Referred to as Sistan until the late 1920s , the city was renamed Zabol by Reza Shah Pahlavi .	At the 2006 census , its population was 130,642 , in 27,867 families .
Taylor Field was also the home field for the University of Regina Rams , who play in U Sports ' Canada West conference , the Regina Thunder , who play in the Canadian Junior Football League ; and the Regina Riot of the Western Women 's Canadian Football League .	The field was also used to play high school football .
Cittaslow is part of a cultural trend known as the slow movement .	Cittaslow was founded in Italy in October 1999 , following a meeting organised by the mayor of Greve in Chianti , Tuscany .
The New Zealand Order of Merit is an order of chivalry in New Zealand 's honours system .	It was established by royal warrant on 30 May 1996 by Elizabeth II , Queen of New Zealand , `` for those persons who in any field of endeavour , have rendered meritorious service to the Crown and nation or who have become distinguished by their eminence , talents , contributions or other merits '' , to recognise outstanding service to the Crown and people of New Zealand in a civil or military capacity .
Although Judith Merril 's first paid writing was in other genres , in her first few years of writing published science fiction she wrote her three novels ( all but the first in collaboration with C.M .	Kornbluth ) and some stories .
It was created by Garry Shandling and Alan Zweibel .	The series is notable for breaking the fourth wall .
It has an area of ( ) and is geographically connected to Guangdong province , at the northeast , through an isthmus wide .	The peninsula , together with the city centre of Zhuhai , sits on an island separated from the continent by distributaries of the Pearl River .
It consists mostly of land reclaimed from the sea .	Natural land comprises only a quarter of its current size .
It has the highest population density in Macau ( 98,776 persons per km² ) .	The entire area is reclaimed from the sea .
One-third of its region is covered by Guia Hill ( Portuguese : Colina da Guia , Chinese : 松山 or 東望洋山 ) .	3 % of factories in Macau are located in the district .
It is the second largest peninsular district in Macau after Freguesia de Nossa Senhora de Fátima .	The freguesia area is named for `` Igreja da Sé '' .
Penha Hill ( ) and Barra Hill ( ) are to the south .	The Portuguese governor building and current administrative buildings is located here .
Carr discovered science fiction fandom in 1949 , where he became an enthusiastic publisher of fanzines , which later helped open his way into the commercial publishing world .	( He was one of the two fans responsible for the hoax fan 'Carl Brandon ' after whom the Carl Brandon Society takes its name . )
At the end of the last glacial period , the sea level rose , cutting the island off from the mainland .	For the last seven thousand years the island has existed in relative isolation .
English naturalist George Montagu described the roseate tern in 1813 .	Genetically , it is most closely related to the white-fronted tern ( `` S. striata '' ) , with their common ancestor a sister lineage to the black-naped tern ( `` S. sumatrana '' ) .
It was instituted by royal warrant of 6 February 1987 .	The order is modelled on the British Order of Merit and Order of the Companions of Honour .
WHIP is calculated by adding the number of walks and hits allowed and dividing this sum by the number of innings pitched .	The stat was invented in 1979 by writer Daniel Okrent , who called the metric `` innings pitched ratio '' at the time .
The Duke of Grafton holds three subsidiary titles , all created in 1675 in the Peerage of England : Earl of Euston , Viscount Ipswich , and Baron Sudbury .	Between 1723 and 1936 the Dukes , being descended from the 1st Duke 's wife Isabella FitzRoy , 2nd Countess of Arlington , also held the titles `` Earl of Arlington '' , `` Viscount Thetford '' and `` Baron Arlington '' .
He had already been created Viscount Lisle in 1543 and Earl of Warwick in 1547 , also in the Peerage of England .	In 1553 , Dudley advanced the claim of his daughter-in-law , Lady Jane Grey , to the English throne , but when she was deposed by Queen Mary I , Dudley was convicted of high treason and executed .
To be an executive councillor , one must normally be a member of parliament ( this was codified in the Constitution Act of 1986 ) .	However , one may serve up to thirty days without being an MP ; this is to allow for the transition of members not yet sworn in and members who have retired or been defeated .
It was forfeited and then returned , but only for the period of the holder 's lifetime .	Thus , it was not inherited .
His throne name , Neferkare ( `` Nefer-ka-Re '' ) , means `` Beautiful is the Ka of Re '' .	He succeeded to the throne at age six , after the death of Merenre I .
Hard Rock Stadium is a multipurpose football stadium located in Miami Gardens , Florida , a city north of Miami .	It is the home stadium of the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Some of these communities , especially ones that immediately surround the town , are often unofficially referred to as Llanelli .	In many respects , Llanelli represents a continuation of the Newport-Cardiff-Swansea metropolitan belt into the more rural West of Wales ; or conversely the start of the same .
The fruits are small , round and yellow , and can ripen and turn red at any time of year , peaking in spring and summer .	Like all figs , the fruit is in the form of a syconium , an inverted inflorescence with the flowers lining an internal cavity .
Tom is the son of emotionally distant alcoholic WASP parents who never quite accepted his sexual orientation and as a result is a heavy drinker himself and has a penchant for random hookups with different men .	Eli 's parents are both Jewish psychiatrists who raised him to be emotionally open but ended up making him neurotic .
To ensure he receive a stable education , his parents sent him to live with relatives in New Jersey and attend school while they travelled .	He attended grade school in Glendale , California .
The Silver Slugger Award is awarded annually to the best offensive player at each position in both the American League and the National League , as determined by the coaches and managers of Major League Baseball .	These voters consider several offensive categories in selecting the winners , including batting average , slugging percentage , and on-base percentage , in addition to `` coaches ' and managers ' general impressions of a player 's overall offensive value '' .
A regime of shared parenting is based on the idea that parental responsibilities should be shared by both the parents .	It is typically a legal mechanism applied in cases of divorce , separation or when parents do not live together ; in contrast , a Shared Earning/Shared Parenting Marriage is a marriage where the partners choose at the outset of the marriage ( and prior to conceiving children ) to share the work of child-raising , earning money , house chores and recreation time in nearly equal fashion across all four domains .
The common name of this bird refers to habitat like that at the Platte River , on the edge of Nebraska 's Sandhills on the American Plains .	This is the most important stopover area for the nominotypical subspecies , the lesser sandhill crane ( `` Antigone canadensis canadensis '' ) , with up to 450,000 of these birds migrating through annually .
One terahertz is 10 Hz or 1000 GHz .	Wavelengths of radiation in the terahertz band correspondingly range from 1 mm to 0.1 mm ( or 100 μm ) .
Such breweries are generally characterized by their emphasis on quality , flavor and brewing technique .	The microbrewing movement began in the United Kingdom in the 1970s although traditional artisanal brewing existed in Europe for centuries and subsequently spread to other countries .
A pupil of Herman Boerhaave , he is often referred to as `` the father of modern physiology . ''	Haller was born into an old Swiss family at Bern .
His father may have been a slave ; if so , he was likely freed in 1853 .	From an early age , Johnson was raised near Wheatland as the companion and servant of a prosperous white farmer 's son .
The whooping crane 's lifespan is estimated to be 22 to 24 years in the wild .	After being pushed to the brink of extinction by unregulated hunting and loss of habitat to just 21 wild and two captive whooping cranes by 1941 , conservation efforts have led to a limited recovery .
They were noted to have been vegetarian by several Greek authors .	There were also gymnosophists in upper Egypt who were called Ethiopean Gymnosophists by Apollonius of Tyana .
Construction began in 1998 and was completed in 2000 .	The building is mixed-use .
It allowed travellers from Mainland China to visit Hong Kong and Macau on an individual basis .	Prior to the Scheme , Mainland residents could only visit to Hong Kong and Macau on business visas or in group tours .
In Scotland the caber is usually made from a Larch tree and is typically tall and weighs .	The term `` caber '' derives from the Gaelic word `` cabar '' , which refers to a wooden beam .
His parents were Arnold and Pearl Post .	Post had been interested in astronomy , but at the age of twelve lost his left arm in a car accident .
Witold Hurewicz ( June 29 , 1904 – September 6 , 1956 ) was a Jewish-Polish mathematician .	Witold Hurewicz was born in Łódź , at the time one of the main Polish industrial hub with economy focused on the textile industry .
The PBL process was developed for medical education and has since been broadened in applications for other programs of learning .	The process allows for learners to develop skills used for their future practice .
They have released six studio albums , one video album , four extended plays , thirteen singles and thirteen music videos .	The band chose `` Kittie '' as their band name because the name `` seemed contradictory '' .
If `` K '' is a perfect field then the two concepts coincide .	In general , `` P '' ( `` X '' ) is separable if and only if it is square-free over any field that contains `` K '' ,
He graduated in law from the private , Jesuit Rafael Landívar University .	In 1967 he married Wendy Widmann , also from a land-owning Guatemalan family .
Many of its members are fathers who desire to share the parenting of their children equally with their children 's mothers—either after divorce or as unwed fathers—and the children of the terminated marriage .	The movement includes men as well as women , often the second wives of divorced fathers or other family members of men who have had some engagement with family law .
Trust & Betrayal : The Legacy of Siboot , often abbreviated simply to Siboot , was a game designed and programmed by Chris Crawford and published by Mindscape in 1987 .	The player , an alien creature named Vetvel , must compete with six other acolytes ( each a different alien species ) for the Shepherdship .
Her career in Kittie started after Talena Atfield left Kittie in 2002 without citing any official reasons .	Jennifer had previously befriended the band when she was with Spine while filming a performance on the short-lived television show Farmclub.com , in Los Angeles , California .
Mal de debarquement ( or mal de débarquement ) syndrome ( MdDS , or common name disembarkment syndrome ) is a neurological condition usually occurring after a cruise , aircraft flight , or other sustained motion event .	The phrase `` mal de débarquement '' is French and translates to `` illness of disembarkation '' .
Oscar Berger ( May 12 , 1901 – May 15 , 1997 ) was a well-known caricaturist and cartoonist .	Berger was born in Prešov , Slovakia .
She is of Dutch and Indonesian descent .	At fourteen years old , Bowman helped to form Kittie with classmate Mercedes Lander and Mercedes ' sister , Morgan Lander .
She appeared in over 60 films , winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in `` Key Largo '' , and earning nominations for her roles in `` The High and the Mighty '' and `` Dead End '' .	She also received top billing in `` Stagecoach '' .
In 1952 , parts of the district were split off into a newly created district Neuhaus am Rennweg .	In 1994 , Neuhaus am Rennweg was dissolved and the district Sonneberg regained its original size .
It was started by Chinnakannan Sivasankaran as part of Sterling Group .	Initially DSL was a part of much bigger plan which is `` Education To Home '' or ETH .
Admiral Sir James Stirling ( 28 January 179122 April 1865 ) was a British naval officer and colonial administrator .	His enthusiasm and persistence persuaded the British Government to establish the Swan River Colony and he became the first Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Western Australia .
Spann grew up in Altmannsdorf , a suburban area of Vienna , Austria which is 15 minutes outside of the central city .	Spann attended a `` Bürgerschule '' ( citizen school ) and graduated in 1898 .
However , the name `` Swan River Colony '' remained in informal use for many years afterwards .	The first recorded Europeans to sight land where the city of Perth is now located were Dutch sailors .
Petite Rivière Bridge is a rural community on Route 331 in Lunenburg County on the South Shore of Nova Scotia in Canada .	It was formerly known simply as Petite Rivière .
The two dialects of Akuapem and Asante are known as Twi and are in many ways mutually intelligible .	There are about 9 million Twi speakers , mainly in Ashanti .
The main historical attraction here is the Panhala fort .	There are many places of interest , each with its share of haunting anecdotes .
The company was founded in 1976 by venture capitalist Robert A. Swanson and biochemist Herbert Boyer .	Boyer is considered to be a pioneer in the field of recombinant DNA technology .
Benjamin Dunkelman was the son of Polish-Jewish immigrants .	His father was David Dunkelman , the founder of the Canadian men 's retailers , Tip Top Tailors and his mother was a committed Zionist .
The related terms therapeutic window or safety window refer to a range of doses which optimize between efficacy and toxicity , achieving the greatest therapeutic benefit without resulting in unacceptable side-effects or toxicity .	Classically , in an established clinical indication setting of an approved drug , TI refers to the ratio of the dose of drug that causes adverse effects at an incidence/severity not compatible with the targeted indication ( e.g .
Many vendors also sell validation tools , which allow customers to properly match addresses and postal codes .	Hard-copy directories can also be consulted in all post offices , and some libraries .
Digoxin , sold under the brand name Lanoxin among others , is a medication used to treat various heart conditions .	Most frequently it is used for atrial fibrillation , atrial flutter , and heart failure .
Courier companies use bike messengers because bicycle travel is less subject to unexpected holdups in city traffic jams , and is not deterred by parking limitations , fees or fines in high density development that can hinder or prevent delivery by motor vehicle , thereby offering a predictable delivery time .	Almost immediately after the development of the pedal-driven velocipede in the 1860s , people began to use the bicycle for delivery purposes .
Fitzgerald defeated the Democratic incumbent in 1998 , becoming the first Republican senator from Illinois to win a U.S. Senate race in 20 years .	He had previously served in the Illinois State Senate from 1992 to 1998 .
She stepped down as the NSNDP 's leader and as a member of the legislature in 1994 .	She subsequently ran for , and was elected , leader of the federal New Democratic Party ( NDP ) in 1995 .
It is a phytosteroid and is similar in structure and effects to digoxin ( though the effects are longer-lasting ) .	Unlike digoxin ( which is eliminated from the body via the kidneys ) , it is eliminated via the liver , so could be used in patients with poor or erratic kidney function .
Robert Jeffrey Harvey ( born 21 August 1971 ) is a former Australian rules football player for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .	He is currently serving as the senior assistant coach and the midfield coach of the Collingwood Football Club , having joined Collingwood at the end of the 2011 season as an assistant coach .
A modern town house is often one with a small footprint on multiple floors .	In British usage , the term originally referred to the city residence ( normally in London ) of someone whose main or largest residence was a country house .
The brigade was formed on February 22 , 1948 during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War , when the Levanoni Brigade in the Galilee split into the 1st Golani Brigade and the 2nd Carmeli Brigade .	In its early days the brigade gained control over three battalions - 21st,22nd and 23rd , later during the war 24th battalion was established .
These factors can substantially alter a region 's geography , resulting in the separation of a species population into isolated subpopulations .	The vicariant populations then undergo genetic changes as they become subjected to different selective pressures , experience genetic drift , and accumulate different mutations in the separated populations gene pools .
A rope is a group of yarns , plies , fibers or strands that are twisted or braided together into a larger and stronger form .	Ropes have tensile strength and so can be used for dragging and lifting .
The `` Himno Nacional de Uruguay '' ( ) , also known by its incipit `` Orientales , la Patria o la Tumba '' , is the longest national anthem in terms of duration with 105 bars of music ( about four-and-a-half to six minutes ) , though an abridged version is performed on most occasions .	Its lyrics are by Francisco Acuña de Figueroa , who was also author of the lyrics to Paraguay 's national anthem ; `` Paraguayos , República o Muerte '' .
The roots of this movement are in the `` Baptist Reformation Review '' , founded by Norbert Ward at Nashville , Tennessee in 1972 , and the `` Sword and the Trowel '' , edited by Ron McKinney of Dallas , Texas .	Both of these papers espoused the doctrines traditionally known as Calvinism .
Both the membership and interests of the society are worldwide .	The organization , originally named the `` American Philatelic Association '' , was established on September 14 , 1886 in New York City , and the following day elected John K. Tiffany as its first president .
They are the successors of the popular HP 48 series .	There are five calculators in the 49/50 series of HP graphing calculators .
He died prior to the publication of his first novel ; his work is primarily dark fantasy .	Thomas Earl Reamy was born in Woodson , Texas during the Great Depression .
She is the daughter of the caterer Karlene White Wilson and Darcy Wilson , a former Warrant Officer in the Australian Army .	She spent several years in Papua New Guinea , when her father was stationed there .
An early `` graphical calculator '' was designed and patented by electrical engineer , Edith Clarke , in 1925 .	The calculator was used to solve problems with electrical power line transmission .
He has been the Senate Democratic Whip since 2005 , the second-highest position in the Democratic leadership in the U.S. Senate .	Durbin was born in East St. Louis , Illinois .
He is considered to be one of India 's finest actors ever , playing leading , antagonist and character roles with equal panache .	Ashok Kumar was born Kumudlal Ganguly to a Bengali family in Bhagalpur , then in the Bengal Presidency of British India and now in the Bihar state of India .
In 1888 , he joined the Social Democratic Party , illegal at the time .	He advanced in the typical manner for a local functionary : chairman of the local `` Arbeiter-Wahlvereins '' ( the legal front of the party ) and later publisher , editor and printer of the party newspaper `` Volkstribüne '' ( later `` Königsberger Volkszeitung '' ) .
It has the appearance of a standard glossy color magazine , typically running about 100 pages per issue .	As the house organ , there are monthly departments covering APS news and activities , a president 's column , and so forth .
It took place on July 9–19 , 1948 , being launched at the end of the first truce .	On 10 July , Glubb Pasha ordered the defending Arab Legion troops to `` make arrangements ... for a phony war '' .
She made her screen debut in the Australian drama film `` For Love Alone '' ( 1986 ) and then appeared in the Australian television series ' `` Hey Dad.. ! ''	( 1990 ) , `` Brides of Christ '' ( 1991 ) , `` Home and Away '' ( 1991 ) , and the coming-of-age comedy-drama film `` Flirting '' ( 1991 ) .
Falco first appeared in the 1993 video game `` Star Fox '' .	Since then , he has appeared in multiple `` Star Fox '' games .
Based in Black Mountain , North Carolina , the school was ideologically organized around John Dewey 's principles of education , which emphasized holistic learning and the study of art as central to a liberal arts education .	Many of the school 's faculty and students were or would go on to become highly influential in the arts , including Josef and Anni Albers , Charles Olson , Ruth Asawa , Walter Gropius , Ray Johnson , Robert Motherwell , Dorothea Rockburne , Cy Twombly , Robert Rauschenberg , Merce Cunningham , John Cage , Buckminster Fuller , Franz Kline , Willem and Elaine de Kooning and Allen Ginsberg .
When she was three , the family moved to Lovelock , Nevada , where they assumed ownership of a hotel .	Her parents divorced in 1902 , and her mother later married Robert Nurnberger , a German plumber .
By the time of his death , he had conquered most of the world known to the ancient Greeks .	Although being successful as a military commander , he failed to provide any stable alternative to the Achaemenid Empire—his untimely death threw the vast territories he conquered into civil war .
Linn 's Stamp News is an American weekly magazine for stamp collectors .	It is published by Amos Media Co. , which also publishes the Scott `` Standard Postage Stamp Catalogue '' , the Scott `` Specialized Catalogue of United States Stamps and Covers '' , and the Scott `` Classic Specialized Catalogue of Stamps and Covers 1840-1940 '' .
The sooty shearwater ( `` Ardenna grisea '' ) is a medium-large shearwater in the seabird family Procellariidae .	`` Ardenna '' was first used to refer to a seabird by Italian naturalist Ulisse Aldrovandi in 1603 , and `` grisea '' is medieval Latin for `` grey '' .
Gertrude Ederle was born on October 23 , 1905 in Manhattan , New York City .	She was the third of six children and the daughter of German immigrants , Gertrude Anna Haberstroh and Henry Ederle .
On February 18 , 2011 , he announced that he would not seek reelection in 2012 .	He was replaced by fellow Democrat Martin Heinrich .
The Big Sandy River is a tributary of the Ohio River , approximately long , in western West Virginia and northeastern Kentucky in the United States .	The river forms part of the boundary between the two states along its entire course .
The Scioto River ( or ) is a river in central and southern Ohio more than 231 miles ( 372 km ) in length .	It rises in Auglaize County in west central Ohio , flows through Columbus , Ohio , where it collects its largest tributary , the Olentangy River , and meets the Ohio River at Portsmouth .
Chris Dodd served in the Peace Corps for two years prior to entering the University of Louisville School of Law , and during law school concurrently served in the United States Army Reserve .	Dodd returned to Connecticut , winning election in 1974 to the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 2nd congressional district and was reelected in 1976 and 1978 .
Together with effects generated by weak interactions , the effective periodic strong CP-violating term , , appears as a Standard Model input – its value is not predicted by the theory , but must be measured .	However , large CP-violating interactions originating from QCD would induce a large electric dipole moment ( EDM ) for the neutron .
A member of the Republican Party , he previously served as a U.S. Representative from 1995 to 2003 .	During his four terms in the House , Chambliss served on the United States House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and chaired the House Intelligence Subcommittee on Terrorism and Homeland Security , which oversaw investigations of the intelligence community after the September 11 attacks in 2001 .
The United States of America is a charter member of the United Nations and one of five permanent members of the UN Security Council .	The United States is host to the headquarters of the United Nations , which includes the usual meeting place of the General Assembly in New York City , the seat of the Security Council and several bodies of the United Nations .
They are classified in four groups after the proposal of P. G. H. Gell and Robin Coombs in 1963 .	This is an additional type that is sometimes ( especially in the UK ) used as a distinction from Type 2 .
The townspeople eventually agree .	The story opens with the town of Güllen preparing for the arrival of famed billionaire Claire Zachanassian , who grew up there .
Cleland , a Democrat , is a disabled US Army veteran of the Vietnam War , a recipient of the Silver Star and the Bronze Star for valorous actions in combat , and a former United States Senator .	He has also served as Administrator of Veterans Affairs ( now a Cabinet-level position ) .
Excavations at the site has shown pot sherds dating from the Late Bronze Age , up to and including Early Islamic , Crusader , Mamluk and Ottoman times .	It might be the village Damun in lower Galilee , noted in Roman times .
Senator from 2000 to 2005 .	Miller was a conservative Democrat .
A lifetime member of the Actors Studio by invitation , he won several Emmys , was the first male actor to win the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor twice , and was nominated for two Academy Awards .	He established himself as a leading man in Hollywood with critically acclaimed performances as George Milton in `` Of Mice and Men '' ( 1939 ) , Ernie Pyle in `` The Story of G.I .
John Cornyn III ( born February 2 , 1952 ) is an American politician and lawyer serving as the senior United States Senator from Texas since 2002 .	He is the current Senate Majority Whip for the 115th Congress .
Since retirement as a full-time host and contributor , she continued to occasionally report for ABC News through 2015 .	Walters first became known as a television personality in the early 1960s , when she was a writer and segment producer of `` women 's interest stories '' on the NBC News morning program `` The Today Show '' , where she began work with host Hugh Downs .
He was mayor of Warwick from 1993 to 1999 , a United States Senator from 1999 to 2007 , and the 74th Governor of Rhode Island from 2011 to 2015 .	He has been a member of the Democratic Party since 2013 , having previously been a Republican Party member until 2007 and an independent in the interim .
A member of the Democratic Party , he previously worked at Goldman Sachs ; after leaving politics , he was CEO of MF Global from 2010 to 2011 .	Corzine was born in Central Illinois , the son of Nancy June ( née Hedrick ) and Roy Allen Corzine , Jr. His grandfather Roy A. Corzine , Sr. served in the Illinois General Assembly .
Who 's That Girl : Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the first soundtrack album by American singer and songwriter Madonna .	It was released on July 21 , 1987 by Sire Records to promote the film of the same name .
In presidential systems , the legislature has the power to pass a budget , but the executive often has a veto in which there are insufficient votes in the legislature to override .	If no emergency provisions are made for the government 's budget , a budget crisis may develop into a government shutdown in which the government temporarily suspends non-essential services until a budget is passed .
Coverdell was born in Des Moines , Iowa in 1939 and lived much of his childhood in the Midwest .	Coverdell graduated from Lee 's Summit High School in Lees Summit , Missouri .
He was considered one of the more conservative national legislators from the Democratic Party .	Breaux was a member of the New Democrat Coalition .
CRALOG was then on February 19 , 1946 , established and designated by the Truman administration in a directive on relief contributions to Germany as the only channel through which aid to the U.S. occupation zone could go .	The survey team had been permitted to visit Germany only after President Truman had been subjected to increased pressure both by congress and public .
Typically , this is achieved through using the combustion products of fuels and tailoring the ratio of CO : CO .	However , other common reducing atmospheres in the metal processing industries consist of dissociated ammonia , vacuum , and/or direct mixing of appropriately pure gases of N , Ar , and H .
Ma'alul ( ) was a village , made up primarily of Palestinian Christians , that was depopulated and destroyed by Israel during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war .	Located six kilometers west of the city of Nazareth , many of its inhabitants became internally displaced refugees , after taking refuge in Nazareth and the neighbouring town of Yafa an-Naseriyye .
A mature jackfruit tree can produce about 100 to 200 fruits in a year .	The jackfruit is a multiple fruit , composed of hundreds to thousands of individual flowers , and the fleshy petals are eaten .
Nearby villages included Nimrin to the north , Hittin to the northwest , and al-Shajara to the south ; Each of those villages were also depopulated .	Lubya had a total land area of 39,629 dunams ( 3,963ha ) , of which 83 % was Arab-owned and the remainder public property .
Small ships , like the Rebel Alliance X-wing and Y-wing space-fighters are often armed with proton torpedoes , which deliver a devastatingly powerful blast , an example being those that were used to attack the main reactor of the Death Star .	The `` Star Wars '' universe makes use of fictional weapons that correspond in class to those of real-world armaments , those include mortars , grenades , land mines , missile launchers , shotguns , sniper rifles , and remote explosives .
The date is sometimes known as Victory over Japan Day , although that designation more frequently refers to the date of Emperor Hirohito 's `` Gyokuon-hōsō '' ( Imperial Rescript of Surrender ) , the radio broadcast announcement of the acceptance of the terms of the Potsdam Declaration at noon Japan Standard Time on August 15 .	The ceremony aboard the deck of the `` Missouri '' lasted 23 minutes and was broadcast throughout the world .
Nimrin was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in the early sixteenth century CE , and by the 1596 tax records the village was under the administration of the `` nahiya '' ( `` subdistrict '' ) of Tiberias , part of Safad Sanjak .	It had a population of 20 households , an estimated 110 persons , all Muslim .
The organization focuses on protecting and expanding rights for LGBT individuals , most notably advocating for marriage equality , anti-discrimination and hate crimes legislation , and HIV/AIDS advocacy .	The organization has a number of legislative initiatives as well as supporting resources for LGBT individuals .
In the study of strength of materials , tensile strength , compressive strength , and shear strength can be analyzed independently .	Some materials fracture at their compressive strength limit ; others deform irreversibly , so a given amount of deformation may be considered as the limit for compressive load .
Other science fiction weapons remain purely fictional , and are often beyond the realms of known physical possibility .	At its most prosaic , science fiction features an endless variety of sidearms , mostly variations on real weapons such as guns and swords .
Paul Soldner ( April 24 , 1921 in Summerfield , Illinois – January 3 , 2011 in Claremont , California ) was an American ceramic artist , noted for his experimentation with the 16th-century Japanese technique called raku introducing new methods of firing and post firing , which became known as American Raku	He served as an army medic during World War II and began to pursue a career in art upon returning to the United States .
The steep roof with windows creates an additional floor of habitable space ( a garret ) , and reduces the overall height of the roof for a given number of habitable stories .	The upper slope of the roof may not be visible from street level when viewed from close proximity to the building .
European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System ( ECTS ) credits are a standard means for comparing the `` volume of learning	based on the defined learning outcomes and their associated workload '' for higher education across the European Union and other collaborating European countries .
With a population of approximately 11,700 people , Leominster is the largest of the five towns ( Leominster , Ross-on-Wye , Ledbury , Bromyard and Kington ) in the county surrounding the City of Hereford .	From 1974 to 1996 , Leominster served as the administrative centre for the former local government district of Leominster District .
The system consists of a ring of bidirectional links between a set of stations , typically using optical fiber communications .	In normal use , traffic is dispatched in the direction of the shortest path towards its destination .
Each phase carries a sinusoidal alternating current whose phase is delayed relative to one of its neighbours and advanced relative to its other neighbour .	The phase currents are separated in time evenly within each period of the alternating current .
The Dundas family descends from the wealthy Scottish businessman and Member of Parliament , Lawrence Dundas .	In 1762 he was created a Baronet , of Kerse in the County of Linlithgow , in the Baronetage of Great Britain .
Thomas Dundas , 1st Baron Dundas FRS ( 16 February 1741 – 14 June 1820 ) , known as Sir Thomas Dundas , 2nd Baronet from 1781 to 1794 , was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1763 to 1794 , after which he was raised to the peerage as Baron Dundas .	He was responsible for commissioning the `` Charlotte Dundas '' , the world 's `` first practical steamboat '' .
There are , however , many remains of Anglo-Saxon church architecture .	At least fifty churches are of Anglo-Saxon origin with major Anglo-Saxon architectural features , with many more claiming to be , although in some cases the Anglo-Saxon part is small and much-altered .
ZynAddSubFX ( also now called Zyn-Fusion ) is a free and open-source software synthesizer for Linux , Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows .	As of version 3 , the completely new user interface is being released under proprietary terms with an open-source-eventually intention while the synthesis engine remains under the original GPL terms .
Winston Raymond Peters ( born 11 April 1945 ) is a New Zealand politician who has served since 2017 as the Deputy Prime Minister of New Zealand and Minister of Foreign Affairs .	He was previously Deputy Prime Minister from 1996 to 1998 .
Helpmann was educated at Prince Alfred College , Adelaide , but left school at 14 to focus entirely on ballet .	From childhood , Helpmann had a strong desire to be a dancer .
An alternative approach is using dedicated I/O processors , commonly known as channels on mainframe computers , which execute their own instructions .	Memory-mapped I/O uses the same address space to address both memory and I/O devices .
At in length , it is one of the smallest species of gull .	Its plumage is mainly white with grey upperparts .
Source-code compatibility ( source-compatible ) means that a program can run on computers ( or operating systems ) , independently of binary-code compatibility and that the source code is needed for portability .	The source code must be compiled before running , unless the computer used has an interpreter for the language at hand .
Gavin Douglas ( c. 1474 – September 1522 ) was a Scottish bishop , makar and translator .	Although he had an important political career , he is chiefly remembered for his poetry .
Alan Gabriel Ludwig García Pérez ( ; born 23 May 1949 ) is a Peruvian politician who served as President of Peru from 1985 to 1990 and again from 2006 to 2011 .	He was the leader of the Peruvian Aprista Party and the only party member ever to have served as President .
Previously it has generally been held that he studied in France , but modern scholars rather believe his studies were carried out in Franconia .	In Iceland he founded a long-lived school at Oddi .
He has been dubbed the `` Father of English History '' .	Vergil is sometimes referred to in contemporary documents as Polydore Vergil Castellensis or Castellen , leading some to assume that he was a kinsman of his patron , Cardinal Adriano Castellesi .
In 1515 , upon his return to England , he entered the service of Cardinal Wolsey where he was employed in diplomacy and espionage .	In 1515 , Pace became Wolsey 's secretary and in 1516 a secretary of state , although he continued to engage in lengthy correspondence with the Cardinal on his orders .
The Xerces blue ( `` Glaucopsyche xerces '' ) is an extinct species of butterfly in the gossamer-winged butterfly family , Lycaenidae .	The species lived in coastal sand dunes of the Sunset District of San Francisco peninsula .
A major organ of the endocrine system , the anterior pituitary ( also called the adenohypophysis or pars anterior ) , is the glandular , anterior lobe that together with the posterior lobe ( posterior pituitary , or the neurohypophysis ) makes up the pituitary gland ( hypophysis ) .	The anterior pituitary regulates several physiological processes including stress , growth , reproduction and lactation .
in 1452 .	After practising for a short time as a lawyer in the church courts , he was ordained a priest , becoming rector of St. Michael 's Church , Trongate , Glasgow , in 1465 .
Named Lord of the Dance , Nureyev is widely regarded as the greatest male ballet dancer of his generation .	In addition to his technical prowess , Rudolf Nureyev was an accomplished choreographer .
Of the Original Six , only the Toronto Maple Leafs have not advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals since the expansion , while the other five have appeared in at least three Finals since 1967 and have each won a championship at least once .	The term was not used during the era , having originated after the 1967 expansion .
It was formerly known as and is still commonly referred to as Montalban .	According to the , it has a population of people making it the most populous municipality in the country .
The operation was named after Yitzhak Dubno , codenamed `` Yoav '' by his commanders in the Palmach .	Dubno , a senior Palmach officer , was charged with planning and leading the defense of the kibbutzim Negba and Yad Mordechai .
However , he came to an unfortunate end , executed by means of the Maiden , a predecessor of the guillotine , which he himself was said to have introduced to Scotland .	James Douglas was the second son of Sir George Douglas of Pittendreich , Master of Angus , and Elizabeth Douglas , daughter David Douglas of Pittendreich .
Members of this genus are also commonly called scalyfoot .	Within the genus `` Pygopus '' the following five species are recognized as being valid .
The genus is endemic to Australia and New Guinea .	Lizards in the genus `` Lialis '' specialize in eating skinks , and have hinged teeth and highly kinetic skulls that allow them to swallow their slippery prey whole .
At least four of the species are oviparous .	The genus `` Aprasia '' contains the following species :
He is best known for hosting the satirical Comedy Central program `` The Colbert Report '' from 2005 to 2014 and the CBS talk program `` The Late Show with Stephen Colbert '' beginning in September 2015 .	Colbert originally studied to be a dramatic actor , but became interested in improvisational theatre while attending Northwestern University , where he met Second City director Del Close .
Most species are rupicolous ( rock-dwelling ) , while a few species are arboreal or live in burrows .	They defend themselves with osteoderms ( flat bony plates in the skin ) and by quickly retreating into rock crevices or burrows .
The species of `` Platysaurus '' exhibit sexual dimorphism .	Females and juveniles often have black or brown backs with white stripes , while males are much more colored .
In order to appear superior , a miller lies to the king , telling him that his daughter can spin straw into gold ( some versions make the miller 's daughter blonde and describe the `` straw-into-gold '' claim as a careless boast the miller makes about the way his daughter 's straw-like blond hair takes on a gold-like lustre when sunshine strikes it ) .	The king calls for the girl , shuts her in a tower room filled with straw and a spinning wheel , and demands she spin the straw into gold by morning or he will cut off her head ( other versions have the king threatening to lock her up in a dungeon forever ) .
A quadriga ( Latin `` quadri- '' , four , and `` iugum '' , yoke ) is a car or chariot drawn by four horses abreast ( the Roman Empire 's equivalent of Ancient Greek tethrippon ) .	It was raced in the Ancient Olympic Games and other contests .
Seaham , formerly Seaham Harbour , is a small town in County Durham , situated south of Sunderland and east of Durham .	Its parish church is one of the 20 oldest surviving churches in the UK .
It has a circular perimeter of approximately .	Its inflow is from precipitation runoff and percolation , and from underground springs , and its outflow is the Arrone .
His death earned national publicity .	His story was made into the 1983 television film `` Adam '' , seen by 38 million people in its original airing .
Walsh was part owner of the now defunct Museum of Crime & Punishment in Washington , D.C .	He also anchors an investigative documentary series , `` The Hunt with John Walsh '' , which debuted on CNN in 2014 .
They are used in commercial agriculture in the production of palm oil .	The African oil palm `` Elaeis guineensis '' ( the species name `` guineensis '' referring to its country of origin ) is the principal source of palm oil .
Between 1970 and 1997 , more than 40 people were killed by current or former employees in at least 20 incidents of workplace rage .	Between 1986 and 2011 , workplace shootings happened at roughly two per year , with an average of 12 people killed per year .
Removable media may also refer to some removable storage devices , when they are used to transport or store data .	Examples include :
The Oberon System has an unconventional visual Text User Interface instead of a conventional CLI or GUI .	This `` TUI '' was very innovative in its time and influenced the design of the Acme text editor for the Plan 9 from Bell Labs operating system .
`` Note : The state of New Hampshire is also part of the , with the exceptions of Grafton & Sullivan counties in the , along with Carroll & Coös counties in the .	See List of television stations in Massachusetts . ''
After living in Macedonia for eighteen years she moved to Ireland and then to India , where she lived for most of her life .	In 1950 Teresa founded the Missionaries of Charity , a Roman Catholic religious congregation which had over 4,500 sisters and was active in 133 countries in 2012 .
Valla was born in Rome .	His family was from Piacenza ; his father , Luciave della Valla , was a lawyer who worked at the papal court .
Valuation of financial assets is done generally using one or more of the following approaches ; but see also , Outline of finance # Valuation :	Common terms for the value of an asset or liability are market value , fair value , and intrinsic value .
Sir George Cunningham Buchanan ( 20 April 1865 – 14 April 1940 ) was a British civil engineer particularly associated with harbour works in Burma , Iraq and Bombay , during the early years of the 20th century .	Buchanan first came to prominence in 1905 when he collaborated with Patrick Meik on designs for the Rangoon River training works in Burma ; Meik was consulting engineer and Buchanan was chief engineer .
A tiger team is a diversified group of experts brought together for a single project , need , or event .	They are usually assigned to investigate , solve , build , or recommend possible solutions to unique situations or problems .
It is formed when the interstitial fluid ( the fluid which lies in the interstices of all body tissues ) is collected through lymph capillaries .	It is then transported through larger lymphatic vessels to lymph nodes , where it is cleaned by lymphocytes , before emptying ultimately into the right or the left subclavian vein , where it mixes back with the blood .
It is stated as a vector of first order differential equations	where the right-hand side is the vector of partial derivatives of the negative of the Hamiltonian with respect to the state variables .
The Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) and the User Datagram Protocol ( UDP ) needed only one port for full-duplex , bidirectional traffic .	The Stream Control Transmission Protocol ( SCTP ) and the Datagram Congestion Control Protocol ( DCCP ) also use port numbers .
The 46th Newfoundland and Labrador general election was held on October 21 , 2003 , to elect the 48 members of the 45th General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador , the 17th general election for the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .	The election was called on September 29 by Premier Roger Grimes of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador .
The term was coined in the late 18th century in Great Britain when numerous canals were being built , which were also sometimes known as `` navigations '' , or `` eternal navigations '' , intended to last forever .	A study of 19th century British railway contracts by David Brooke , coinciding with census returns , conclusively demonstrates the great majority of navvies in Britain were English .
The River Weaver is a river , navigable in its lower reaches , running in a curving route anti-clockwise across west Cheshire , northern England .	Improvements to the river to make it navigable were authorised in 1720 and the work , which included eleven locks , was completed in 1732 .
Police officers are granted certain powers to enable them to execute their duties .	Their primary duties are the protection of life and property , preservation of the peace , and prevention and detection of criminal offences .
In ancient Greece it was a sacred instrument used in the Dionysian Mysteries and is still used in rituals worldwide .	Along with the didgeridoo , it was a prominent musical technology among the Australian Aborigines , used in ceremonies across the continent .
The People 's Movement for the Liberation of Angola , for some years called the People 's Movement for the Liberation of Angola – Labour Party ( , MPLA ) , is a political party that has ruled Angola since the country 's independence from Portugal in 1975 .	The MPLA fought against the Portuguese army in the Angolan War of Independence of 1961–74 , and defeated the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola ( UNITA ) and the National Liberation Front of Angola ( FNLA ) , two other anti-colonial movements , in the Angolan Civil War of 1975–2002 .
In 1908 , Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt learned of the Big Brothers movement and organized the first `` Big Sisters '' program in New York City .	The two organizations came together in 1977 , and merged to become known as the Big Brothers/Big Sisters of America .
Pitman shorthand is a system of shorthand for the English language developed by Englishman Sir Isaac Pitman ( 1813–1897 ) , who first presented it in 1837 .	Like most systems of shorthand , it is a phonetic system ; the symbols do not represent letters , but rather sounds , and words are , for the most part , written as they are spoken .
It rises in the Fichtelgebirge and merges near Steinenhausen , southwest of Kulmbach , with the left-hand , southern headstream , the Red Main , to form the Main .	The length of the White Main is 51.7 km .
While sharing an office at Brookhaven National Laboratory , in 1954 , Chen Ning Yang and Mills proposed a tensor equation for what are now called Yang–Mills fields ( this equation reduces to Maxwell 's equations as a special case ; see gauge theory ) :	Mills was born in Englewood , New Jersey , son of Dorothy C. and Frederick C. Mills .
It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Kronach , Hof , Bayreuth and Lichtenfels .	The historical centre of the region was the castle of Plassenburg in the city of Kulmbach .
Anita Pallenberg ( 6 April 1942 – 13 June 2017 ) was a German-Italian actress , artist , and model .	A style icon and `` It Girl '' of the 1960s and 1970s , Pallenberg was credited as the muse of the Rolling Stones : she was the romantic partner of Stones multi-instrumentalist Brian Jones , and later , from 1967 to 1980 , the partner of Stones guitarist Keith Richards , with whom she had three children .
Both characters are egg-shaped creatures with wide mouths that split their heads in half , and move by rolling , hopping or swaying back and forth .	They mutter and 'talk ' in a way seemingly only intelligible to themselves .
It was published in the Microsoft Home series of software .	They were selected as the best games from the previously released `` Microsoft Entertainment Pack '' series .
From the mid-1960s , engineers ( John ) Phil Ray and Austin O .	`` Gus '' Roche were working for General Dynamics Dynatronic Division in Florida , as part of a computing contract team for NASA to enable President John F. Kennedy 's vision of putting a man on the moon .
It uses the word observatory , from astronomy , to emphasize a degree of detachment and objectivity in measuring well-being .	Public health , environmental health , diet , recreation , outdoor education , exercise and other concerns are explored by most public health observatories .
Says You !	is a word game quiz show that airs weekly in the United States on public radio stations .
McConnell was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1963 .	By age four he was learning to play the piano , and when his family relocated to Basking Ridge , New Jersey , in 1969 he continued his musical studies , eventually playing in bands with friends by his seventh grade .
Poplin traditionally consisted of a silk warp with a weft of worsted yarn .	In this case , as the weft is in the form of a stout cord the fabric has a ridged structure , like rep , which gave depth and softness to the lustre of the silky surface .
Although it is the seventh film in the franchise , it is not part of the series continuity , instead portraying Freddy Krueger as a fictional movie villain who invades the real world , and haunts the cast and crew responsible for his films .	In the film , Freddy is depicted as closer to what Craven originally intended , being much more menacing and much less comical , with an updated attire and appearance .
He may have been the most prolific composer who ever lived , outdoing even Georg Philipp Telemann in the quantity of his output .	Carl Christian Müller ( 18311914 ) compiled and adapted Sechter 's `` Die richtige Folge der Grundharmonien '' as `` The Correct Order of Fundamental Harmonies : A Treatise on Fundamental Basses , and their Inversions and Substitutes '' ( Wm .
The term found its way into early geology and science until the late Victorian era .	Colloquially , the term is used to refer to any ancient and murky period .
Elkhorn is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Jefferson County , Montana , United States , in the Elkhorn Mountains of the southwestern part of the state .	As of the 2010 census it had a population of 10 .
Drill is stout durable cotton fabric with a strong bias ( diagonal ) in the weave .	It can be used unbleached , although it is more often bleached or dyed .
Born in Deir al Qamar in a Lebanese Eastern Orthodox Christian family , he served as a civil servant in the British Mandate of Palestine .	His 1938 book `` The Arab Awakening '' generated an ongoing debate over such issues as the origins of Arab nationalism , the significance of the Arab Revolt of 1916 , and the machinations behind the post-World War I political settlement in the Middle East .
The show ran for three seasons on CBS , Disney Channel , Toon Disney , and in syndication as a part of `` The Disney Afternoon '' .	It aired from September 8 , 1995 to September 24 , 1999 .
Ahbez composed the song `` Nature Boy '' , which became a No .	1 hit for eight weeks in 1948 for Nat `` King '' Cole .
The Illuminates of Thanateros ( pronounced ĭ-'lū-mə- , nĭts ŭv , thăn-ə-'târ-ōs ) is an international magical organization that focuses on practical group work in chaos magic .	The idea was first announced in 1978 , while the order proper was formed in 1987 .
Historically , it consisted of the parishes of Kilmallie and Kilmonivaig , as they were before being reduced in extent by the creation of Quoad Sacra parishes in the 19th century ; this `` Lochaber '' extended from the Northern shore of Loch Leven , a district called Nether Lochaber , to beyond Spean Bridge and Roy Bridge , which area is known as Brae Lochaber or Braigh Loch Abar in Gaelic .	The town of Fort William is the main urban centre and Lochaber was a distinct Province of Scotland in its own right .
Foreign sources , such as transnational corporations or multinational corporations invest money by introducing new industrial sites to an area , in order to produce more of their product , sometimes in response to changes noticed in that area , such as a growing population or enhanced transport network .	Inward investment creates jobs in an area and brings wealth into the economy .
As the `` British Hit Singles & Albums '' book duly noted `` they surfaced from the underground house scene , are regular transatlantic club chart-toppers and won the BRIT Award for Best Dance Act in 2002 and 2004 '' .	Since 1992 , Ratcliffe has released a few white label records which sold well and gained a lot of attention from the likes of LTJ Bukem and Goldie , enabled him to buy a few electronic musical instruments and set up a basic studio in a friend ’ s mother ’ s basement .
Egypt was ruled by the Shi'ite Fatimid dynasty from 969 , independent from the Sunni Abbasid rulers in Baghdad and with a rival Shi'ite caliph—that is `` successor '' to the Muslim prophet Mohammad .	Governance fell to the caliph 's chief administrator called the vizier .
Demonstrations against the Shah commenced in October 1977 , developing into a campaign of civil resistance that included both secular and religious elements , and which intensified in January 1978 .	Between August and December 1978 , strikes and demonstrations paralyzed the country .
Cardinals are senior ecclesiastical leaders of the Catholic Church , almost always ordained bishops and generally holding important roles within the church , such as governing prominent archdioceses or managing dicasteries within the Roman Curia .	They are created in consistories by the pope and one of their foremost duties is the election of a new pope ( invariably from among themselves , although not a formal requirement ) when the Holy See is vacant , following the death or the resignation of the reigning pontiff .
Poznań Voivodeship was the name of several former administrative regions ( `` województwo '' , rendered as `` voivodeship '' and usually translated as `` province '' ) in Poland , centered on the city of Poznań , although the exact boundaries changed over the years .	Poznań Voivodeship was incorporated into the Greater Poland Voivodeship after the Polish local government reforms of 1998 .
The rule allows teams to have one player , known as the designated hitter ( or DH ) , to bat in place of the pitcher .	Since 1973 , most collegiate , amateur , and professional leagues have adopted the rule or some variant .
He was the son of Hirsch Strauss and his second wife Rebecca Hass Strauss .	At age 18 , Strauss traveled with his mother and two sisters to the United States to join his brothers Jonas and Louis , who had begun a wholesale dry goods business in New York City called J. Strauss Brother & Co .
He also served as President of the New York Agriculture Society and as a New York state Senator .	He was born in Westchester Landing , in what would become the Bronx , New York , the son of Eunice ( Barnard ) , and a potter , Elijah Cornell , and was raised near DeRuyter , New York .
In 1890 he began work under Robert Koch at the Institute for Infectious Diseases in Berlin .	In 1906 he became director of the division for experimental therapy and serum research at the institute , followed by a directorship of the department of experimental therapy at the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft for the Advancement of Science in Berlin-Dahlem ( 1913 ) .
Bonner graduated from MacMurray College in Illinois , in 1964 , where he majored in Political Science .	He lettered in soccer , track and cross country .
It is one of several nontreponemal tests for syphilis ( along with the Wassermann test and the VDRL test ) .	The term `` reagin '' means that this test does not look for antibodies against the bacterium itself , `` Treponema pallidum '' , but rather for antibodies against substances released by cells when they are damaged by `` T. pallidum '' ( cardiolipin and lecithin ) .
The VDRL test , as it is largely still done today , was developed in 1946 by Harris , Rosenberg , and Riedel .	The lab was renamed to the Treponemal Pathogenesis and Immunology Branch of the United States Public Health Service .
In the International Code of Nomenclature for algae , fungi , and plants ( ICN ) and ICZN the definitions of types are similar in intent but not identical in terminology or underlying concept .	For example , the holotype for the butterfly `` Lycaeides idas longinus '' is a preserved specimen of that species , held by the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University .
A mutation in Genderblind alters the sexual behavior of `` Drosophila '' , turning the flies bisexual .	`` Drosophila '' given drugs to alter synapse strength , independent of the Genderblind mutation , allowed researchers to `` turn fly homosexuality on and off , within hours '' .
The Supreme Court 's unanimous decision determined that this prohibition was unconstitutional , overruling `` Pace v. Alabama '' ( 1883 ) and ending all race-based legal restrictions on marriage in the United States .	The decision was followed by an increase in interracial marriages in the U.S. and is remembered annually on Loving Day .
She later moved to California , where she studied at the University of California , Berkeley .	In 1920 she earned her master 's degree in clinical psychology .
Born in San Juan , Puerto Rico , he took an interest in acting while still in school .	Upon completing his studies , Juliá decided to pursue a career in acting .
It is located on Mount Tamalpais near the Pacific coast , in southwestern Marin County , California .	It is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area , and is north of San Francisco .
Located in the City of Westminster , although no longer the principal residence of the monarch , it is the ceremonial meeting place of the Accession Council and the London residence of several minor members of the royal family .	Built by King Henry VIII on the site of a leper hospital dedicated to Saint James the Less , the palace was secondary in importance to the Palace of Whitehall for most Tudor and Stuart monarchs .
The game is sometimes called the `` Opera Game '' or `` A Night at the Opera '' ( ) .	On several occasions , the Duke invited Morphy to the Italian Opera House in Paris , Salle Le Peletier , where the former kept a private box which was , according to Morphy 's associate Frederick Edge , so close to the stage that one `` might kiss the prima donna without any trouble '' , and which always contained a chess set , the Duke being a keen player as well as an opera lover .
Her biological father was a consul of 4 AD , Sextus Aelius Catus , while her mother is unknown .	She was born into the family of the Aelii Tuberones , and thus apparently descended from the consul of 11 BC , Q. Aelius Tubero .
The other team then has to guess which is the correct definition , the other two being `` bluffs '' .	It was brought back to BBC TV by producer Richard L. Lewis .
Kmoch had most of his best competitive results between 1925 and 1931 .	He won at Debrecen 1925 with 10/13 .
On a standard computer keyboard , the function keys may generate a fixed , single byte code , outside the normal ASCII range , which is translated into some other configurable sequence by the keyboard device driver or interpreted directly by the application program .	Function keys may have ( abbreviations of ) default actions printed on/besides them , or they may have the more common `` F-number '' designations .
The indigenous people of Himalaya call it `` shagga '' , meaning snow fowl .	This gregarious bird lives in large flocks , foraging on alpine meadows close to or above the snowline throughout the year .
imposed and collected in times of need , as the king was expected to survive on the revenues of the `` domaine royal '' , or lands that belonged to him directly ) , the taille became permanent in 1439 , when the right to collect taxes in support of a standing army was granted to Charles VII of France during the Hundred Years ' War .	Unlike modern income taxes , the total amount of the taille was first set ( after the Estates General was suspended in 1484 ) by the French king from year to year , and this amount was then apportioned among the various provinces for collection .
Emperor Wu was known for his extravagance and sensuality , especially after the unification of China ; legends boasted of his incredible potency among ten thousand concubines .	Emperor Wu was commonly viewed as a generous and kind , but also wasteful , ruler .
Saint Piran 's Flag ( ) is the flag of Cornwall , United Kingdom .	The earliest known description of the flag as the Standard of Cornwall was written in 1838 .
Its `` de jure '' capital city is Sarajevo , but the `` de facto '' capital and administrative centre is Banja Luka .	The territory of what is Republika Srpska was first inhabited by several Illyrian and Celtic civilizations during the Neolithic age .
The most important three were the `` flamines maiores '' ( or `` major priests '' ) , who served the three chief Roman gods of the Archaic Triad .	The remaining twelve were the `` flamines minores '' ( `` lesser priests '' ) .
Hajime Sorayama was born in 1947 in Imabari , Ehime prefecture , Japan .	He received his basic education at Imabari Kita High School .
The NBELSSA operated within the NBC of America until 1936 or 1937 , when it became an independent group .	The main emphasis of the NBELSSA was in evangelism ( including charity & relief work ) and education ( especially its Bible correspondence school ) .
The design limits the loss of energy as heat by a variety of technologies ;	It had a 25 % fuel efficiency advantage over contemporary designs in the 1980s .
The French Grand Prix ( ) , formerly known as the Grand Prix de l'ACF , is an auto race held as part of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile 's annual Formula One World Championship .	It is one of the oldest motor races in the world .
northern Transnistria ) .	The name derives from Old Slavic `` po '' , meaning `` by/next to/along '' and `` dol '' , `` valley '' ( see dale ) .
During the 19th century , new forms of ice skates were developed to allow for even more control and safer gliding .	Specific `` figure '' skates were created in response to the rise of figure skating 's popularity in the 19th century , coinciding with the beginnings of formalized competitions such as the World Figure Skating Championships .
Second Baptist was Detroit 's seventh major church .	With the Detroit River and Canada 's border only a thousand yards away , the Second Baptist Church quickly undertook the mission of helping free slaves and constructed a room under the sanctuary where escaping slaves stayed until they could continue their journey .
RF refers to the station 's physical RF channel .	Low-power ( LPTV ) broadcasting stations .
The Hmong people , an ethnic minority group in Thai who migrated into the country in the nineteenth century , have adopted the Lao dish along with many other elements of Lao cuisine .	Outside Southeast Asia , `` larb '' is served in Lao , Thai , and Hmong communities in the U.S. , France , and UK .
The series is a video game series started by Technōs Japan .	The series is now handled by Arc System Works who purchased all of the intellectual property rights from Technōs ' spiritual successor , Million Corp .
He was 22 years old when he made his Grand Prix debut , driving a Bugatti 37A at the 1930 French Grand Prix in Pau .	Driving a Bugatti T51 , in 1932 he won the La Turbie hill climb , the Grand Prix de Lorraine and the Grand Prix d'Oran .
It is a member of the National Council of Churches and the Baptist World Alliance .	The headquarters of the convention are in Washington , D.C..
Imino acids are related to amino acids , which contain both amino ( -NH ) and carboxyl ( -COOH ) functional groups , differing in the bonding to the nitrogen .	The D-amino acid oxidase enzymes are able to convert amino acids into imino acids .
He was best known for the role of Fred `` Rerun '' Stubbs on the 1970s television show `` What 's Happening ! ! ''	Before starring on `` What 's Happening ! ! ''
The Radio Expeditions series is a joint production of National Public Radio and the National Geographic Society .	`` Radio Expeditions '' uses interviews , narration , and on-location recording to bring listeners to exotic locations around the world .
Raúl was born in the San Cristóbal de los Ángeles neighborhood of Madrid where he played for the local youth team before moving to the Atlético Madrid youth team .	He later moved to Real Madrid 's youth academy and played at its various levels .
VC refers to the station 's PSIP virtual channel .	RF refers to the station 's physical RF channel .
His friendship with Chief Seattle was important in the formation of the city of Seattle , and it was he who proposed the city be named for this important chief .	Maynard was Seattle 's first doctor , merchant prince , second lawyer , Sub-Indian Agent , Justice of the Peace , and architect of the Point Elliott Treaty of 1855 .
It is a mix of sugar , egg yolks , oil , and hot milk often flavoured with vanilla .	Its name may derive from the prevalence of sweet custards in English desserts .
The organization 's mission is to promote cross-cultural understanding through journalism , music , and innovative communications .	The honorary board of the Daniel Pearl Foundation includes Christiane Amanpour ; former President Bill Clinton ; Abdul Sattar Edhi ; Danny Gill ; John L. Hennessy ; Ted Koppel ; Queen Noor of Jordan ; Sari Nusseibeh ; Mariane Pearl ; Itzhak Perlman ; Harold M. Schulweis ; Craig Sherman ; Paul Steiger ; and Elie Wiesel .
Estonia was first inhabited about 10,000 years ago , just after the Baltic ice lake had retreated from Estonia .	While it is not certain what languages were spoken by the first settlers , it is often maintained that speakers of early Uralic languages related to modern Estonian had arrived in what is now Estonia by about 5,000 years ago .
The Club was founded in Chongqing in 1943 and moved to Hong Kong from Shanghai , where it was set up on 23 June or 25 June 1949 .	The Club has been located in several buildings since its inception in Hong Kong .
Its purpose is to isolate office workers and managers from the sights and noises of an open workspace so that they may concentrate with fewer distractions .	Cubicles are composed of modular elements such as walls , work surfaces , overhead bins , drawers , and shelving , which can be configured depending on the user 's needs .
The Church of the Czech Lands and Slovakia presents both an ancient history as well as a very modern history .	The present day church occupies the land of Great Moravia , where the brothers Ss .
While Carew was never a home run threat ( only 92 of his 3,053 hits were home runs ) , he made a career out of being a consistent contact hitter .	He threw right-handed and batted left-handed .
is a public bar and restaurant along the Tonle Sap river , not far from	the conjunction with the Mekong river .
In the preface to the first edition , Kant explains that by a `` critique of pure reason '' he means not `` a critique of books and systems , but of the faculty of reason in general , in respect of all knowledge after which it may strive `` independently of all experience '' '' and that he aims to reach a decision about `` the possibility or impossibility of metaphysics '' .	The First Critique is often viewed as culminating several centuries of early-modern philosophy , and inaugurating modern philosophy .
Twelve years later , Kahn made his debut match in the professional squad .	In 1994 , he was transferred to Bayern Munich for the fee of DM4.6 million , where he played until the end of his career in 2008 .
ETS develops various standardized tests primarily in the United States for K–12 and higher education , and it also administers international tests including the TOEFL ( Test of English as a Foreign Language ) , TOEIC ( Test of English for International Communication ) , Graduate Record Examination ( GRE ) General and Subject Tests , HiSET and The Praxis test Series — in more than 180 countries , and at over 9,000 locations worldwide .	Many of the assessments it develops are associated with entry to US tertiary ( undergraduate ) and quaternary education ( graduate ) institutions , but it also develops K–12 statewide assessments used for accountability testing in many states , including California , Texas , Tennessee , and Virginia .
The `` gens '' was an important social structure at Rome and throughout Italy during the period of the Roman Republic .	Much of an individual 's social standing depended on the gens to which he belonged .
It is published every Tuesday by East Touch Publishing Limited , part of Global China Group Holdings Limited .	`` East Touch '' is an infotainment publication targeting readers aged between 20 and 30 .
The traits of these objects are passed on through chromosomes by a means similar to biological reproduction .	These chromosomes are generally represented by a series of genes , which in turn are usually represented using binary numbers .
Zenneck contributed to researches in radio circuit performance and to the scientific and educational contributions to the literature of the pioneer radio art .	Zenneck improved the Braun cathode ray tube , by adding a second deflection structure at right angles to the first , which allowed two-dimensional viewing of a waveform .
IELTS is accepted by most Australian , British , Canadian and New Zealand academic institutions , by over 3,000 academic institutions in the United States , and by various professional organisations across the world .	IELTS is the only Secure English Language Test approved by UK Visas and Immigration ( UKVI ) for visa customers applying both outside and inside the UK .
Ruokolahti ( ) is a municipality of Finland , situated in south-eastern Finland , in the region of South Karelia .	Neighbouring municipalities are Imatra , Lappeenranta , Taipalsaari , Puumala , Sulkava , Punkaharju , Parikkala and Rautjärvi .
Sheila Scott was born in Edinburgh , Scotland , on 23 April 1910 , the daughter of Helen Myers Meldrum and James Alexander Scott .	The family lived at 69 Dudley Avenue close to Trinity Academy , where her father was a teacher .
Some object-oriented programming languages make a distinction between reference and value types , often referred to as objects and non-objects on platforms where complex value types do n't exist , for reasons such as runtime efficiency and syntax or semantic issues .	For example , Java has primitive wrapper classes corresponding to each primitive type : and , and , and , etc .
She was born in Cincinnati , Ohio and graduated from Woodward High School in 1969 .	Ackerman 's first children 's book was published in 1982 .
Sega released `` Eternal Champions '' in hopes of capitalizing on the fighting game mania that the game industry was in the midst of following the massive success of `` Street Fighter II '' ( 1991 ) and `` Mortal Kombat '' ( 1992 ) .	The game tried to set itself apart with unique features such as a heavier emphasis on its story , characters pulled from different time periods , reflectable projectiles , force fields , fighters that carried weapons , a training mode where players had to defend themselves against robotic traps , a novel method of executing moves , and elaborate stage-specific finishing moves called `` Overkills '' .
Although World War I had ended in 1918 , the influenza pandemic and planning difficulties from the war still curtailed sport to a considerable extent .	England
It is characterized by the use of some terms that are considered archaic in France , as well as loanwords from languages such as Walloon , Picard and Dutch .	French is one of the three official languages of Belgium alongside Dutch and German .
Tanaka attended high school at Germantown Friends School in the United States and graduated from Waseda University .	She spent most of her early adulthood working with her father 's political machine Etsuzankai , and was first lady to her father since her mother , Hana , was absent due to long-standing illness .
The genus includes some 500 species in 31 subgenera .	The common name `` carpenter bee '' derives from their nesting behavior ; nearly all species burrow into hard plant material such as dead wood or bamboo .
Codex Usserianus Primus ( Dublin , Trinity College Library , 55 ) is an early 7th-century Old Latin Gospel Book .	It is dated palaeographically to the 6th or 7th century .
Today home to nine Fortune 500 corporations , Downtown contains of office space and is the workplace of 150,000 employees .	Downtown is also a major destination for entertainment and recreation .
Hickel served as the second governor of Alaska .	Defeating incumbent and first governor William A. Egan in 1966 , he served as governor until 1969 , ending with his resignation upon his confirmation in the position of United States Secretary of the Interior in the cabinet of President Richard Nixon .
The Uptown District is roughly bounded by Woodway Drive to the north , the I-610 ( West Loop ) to the east , Richmond Avenue to the south , and Yorktown Street to the west .	It covers .
The unincorporated community of Bowstring also extends into Bowstring Lake Unorganized Territory of Itasca County .	The center of Bowstring is generally considered at the intersection of State Highway 6 ( MN 6 ) and Itasca County Road 133 ( CR 133 ) .
Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco ( 4 March 1904 – 20 December 1973 ) was a Spanish Navy officer and politician , who was Prime Minister of Spain from June to December 1973 .	He fought in the Rif War ; in the Spanish Civil War , he supported the Nationalist side , which led Carrero to become one of the prominent political figures of Francoist Spain .
All have been released on DVD in the UK , while only the first series has been released in North America .	This show should not be confused with the short lived 1979 `` Quacula '' which was produced by Filmation and appeared as part of their `` Mighty Mouse '' and `` Heckle and Jeckle '' cartoon hour .
While in the sixth form at Harvey Grammar School in Folkestone he came to the attention of the mathematics teacher .	The teacher had Stewart sit mock A-level examinations without any preparation along with the upper-sixth students ; Stewart was placed first in the examination .
The heterokonts or stramenopiles ( formally , Heterokonta or Stramenopiles ) are a major line of eukaryotes currently containing more than 25,000 known species .	Most are algae , ranging from the giant multicellular kelp to the unicellular diatoms , which are a primary component of plankton .
It is best known as a convenient power source for condenser microphones , though many active direct boxes also use it .	The technique is also used in other applications where power supply and signal communication take place over the same wires .
A steel-toe boot ( also known as a safety boot , steel-capped boot or safety shoe ) is a durable boot or shoe that has a protective reinforcement in the toe which protects the foot from falling objects or compression , usually combined with a mid sole plate to protect against punctures from below .	Although traditionally made of steel , the reinforcement can also be made of a composite material , a plastic such as thermoplastic polyurethane ( TPU ) or even aluminum .
Reichelsheim is a town in the district Wetteraukreis , in Hesse , Germany .	It is located 30 kilometers north of Frankfurt am Main .
For each significance level , the `` Z '' -test has a single critical value ( for example , 1.96 for 5 % two tailed ) which makes it more convenient than the Student 's `` t '' -test which has separate critical values for each sample size .	Therefore , many statistical tests can be conveniently performed as approximate `` Z '' -tests if the sample size is large or the population variance is known .
At his birth , he was 6th in the line of succession ; at his death , he was 46th .	Lord Harewood was the eldest nephew of both King Edward VIII and King George VI and was a first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II .
The Gobelins Manufactory ( ) is a historic tapestry factory in Paris , France .	It is located at 42 avenue des Gobelins , near Les Gobelins métro station in the 13th arrondissement of Paris .
Gobelins , L'École de L'Image is a school of visual communication and arts in Paris , with its main location near the Latin Quarter .	A consular school funded by the Parisian Chamber of Commerce and Industry , it provides several programs at a range of fees .
Born into a wealthy Jewish family , he was orphaned at the age of 12 after the deaths of his father Louis Neuberger , an immigrant from Germany and his mother , Bertha Rothschild , who was originally from Chicago .	His first job was working in the Manhattan department store B. Altman and Company .
If public encryption keys are available to both recipient and sender ( either both are Hushmail users or have uploaded PGP keys to the Hush keyserver ) , Hushmail can convey authenticated , encrypted messages in both directions .	For recipients for whom no public key is available , Hushmail will allow a message to be encrypted by a password ( with a password hint ) and stored for pickup by the recipient , or the message can be sent in cleartext .
Special attention is paid to the quality of the prose of the unique language , in the hopes that the suspect will repeat it verbatim in the leak , thereby identifying the version of the document .	The term was coined by Tom Clancy in his novel `` Patriot Games '' , although Clancy did not invent the technique .
Examples include the `` additive group '' of the integers , of a vector space and of a ring .	This is particularly useful with rings and fields to distinguish the additive underlying group from the multiplicative group of the invertible elements .
Beard 's most influential book , `` An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States `` ( 1913 ) , has been the subject of great controversy ever since its publication .	While frequently criticized for its methodology and conclusions , it was responsible for a wide-ranging reinterpretation of American history of the founding era .
The most recent tournament in 2015 , there were seven teams in the tournament .	The defending champions are the United States , who won the 2015 championship after winning both the 2007 and 2011 editions .
Commercial harvesting and the trade of wildlife is considered a threat to biodiversity .	Bushmeat also provides a route for a number of serious tropical diseases to spread to humans from their animal hosts .
Simchat Torah is a component of the Biblical Jewish holiday of `` Shemini Atzeret '' ( `` Eighth Day of Assembly '' ) , which follows immediately after the festival of Sukkot in the month of Tishrei ( occurring in mid-September to early October on the Gregorian calendar ) .	The main celebrations of Simchat Torah take place in the synagogue during evening and morning services .
He was often viewed as a major exponent of existentialism in Germany , though he did not accept the label .	Jaspers was born in Oldenburg in 1883 to a mother from a local farming community , and a jurist father .
The word megalithic describes structures made of such large stones without the use of mortar or concrete , representing periods of prehistory characterised by such constructions .	For later periods , the word `` monolith '' , with an overlapping meaning , is more likely to be used .
Braulio Castillo , Jr. ( born c. 1958 ) in Santurce , Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rican actor and radio host .	He is the son of Braulio Castillo , an actor across Latin America , and the brother of the lesser known Jorge Castillo , also a television and theater actor .
Richmond was a keen cricketer .	He was an accomplished right-hand bat and a noted wicket-keeper .
The properties of this figure were first studied by Italian physicist and mathematician Evangelista Torricelli in the 17th century .	Gabriel 's horn is formed by taking the graph of
`` white-clad '' is a term describing its ascetics ' practice of wearing white clothes , which sets it apart from the `` Digambara '' `` sky-clad '' Jainas , whose ascetic practitioners go naked .	Śvētāmbaras , unlike Digambaras , do not believe that ascetics must practice nudity .
For these sets , it is only required that there is an algorithm that correctly decides when a number `` is '' in the set ; the algorithm may give no answer ( but not the wrong answer ) for numbers not in the set .	A set which is not computable is called noncomputable or undecidable .
Literally `` settled opinion or doctrine , dogma , axiom , received or admitted truth ; any fixed or established or canonical text-book on any subject '' ( < siddha , adj .	mfn.- accomplished , fulfilled ; that has attained the highest object , thoroughly skilled or versed in ) .
She currently lives in Oakland , California .	Elaine Brown grew up in the inner city of North Philadelphia with her mother Dorothy Clark and an absent father .
Milton Clark Avery ( March 7 , 1885 – January 3 , 1965 ) was an American modern painter .	Born in Altmar , New York , he moved to Connecticut in 1898 and later to New York City .
It may bear rank or other insignia , and should not be confused with a shoulder mark - also called an shoulder board , rank slide , or slip-on - a flat cloth sleeve worn on the shoulder strap of a uniform ( although the two terms are often used interchangeably ) .	Epaulettes are fastened to the shoulder by a shoulder strap or `` passenten '' ,
Production ended in 1942 , when its main armament was deemed inadequate .	In all , over 1,400 Pz .
Its historical boundaries were the waterfront ( now Water Street and the CPR tracks ) , Columbia Street , Hastings Street , and Cambie Street , which were the borders of the 1870 townsite survey , the proper name and postal address of which was Granville , B.I .	( `` Burrard Inlet '' ) .
He is noted for his tenures with the National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) , World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , later WWE ) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) .	Since the mid-1970s , he has used the moniker `` The Nature Boy '' .
Around the beginning of the 20th century , the DTES was the political , cultural , and retail centre of the city .	Over several decades , the city centre gradually shifted westwards and the DTES became a poor , although relatively stable , neighbourhood .
Quesnel is a small city that is part of the Cariboo Regional District of British Columbia , Canada .	Located nearly evenly between the cities of Prince George and Williams Lake , it is on the main route to northern British Columbia and Yukon .
The pledge was that , provided the People 's Republic of China has no intention to use military force against Taiwan , Chen 's administration would not :	The above four pledges are called the `` Four Noes '' .
Angelo Badalamenti ( born March 22 , 1937 ) is an American composer , best known for his work scoring films for director David Lynch , notably `` Blue Velvet '' , the `` Twin Peaks '' saga ( 1990–1992 , 2017 ) , `` The Straight Story '' and `` Mulholland Drive '' .	Badalamenti received the 1990 Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance for his `` '' Twin Peaks '' Theme '' , and has received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the World Soundtrack Awards and the Henry Mancini Award from the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers .
In 1588 , Katō Kiyomasa was transferred to the early incarnation of Kumamoto Castle .	From 1601 to 1607 , Kiyomasa greatly expanded the castle , transforming it into a castle complex with 49 turrets , 18 turret gates , and 29 smaller gates .
George R. Crook ( September 8 , 1830 – March 21 , 1890 ) was a career United States Army officer , most noted for his distinguished service during the American Civil War and the Indian Wars .	During the 1880s , the Apache nicknamed Crook `` Nantan Lupan '' , which means `` Chief Wolf . ''
It opened in 1966 and is the only remaining stadium in the United States that is shared by professional football and baseball teams .	The Coliseum was also home to some games of the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer in 2008–2009 and hosted games at the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup .
Four notable stages can be identified in his academic life .	The first one involved outlining a new vision of what sociology is , presenting a theoretical and methodological understanding of that field , based on a critical reinterpretation of the classics .
They are generalizations of the concepts of amicable numbers and perfect numbers .	The first two sociable sequences , or sociable chains , were discovered and named by the Belgian mathematician Paul Poulet in 1918 .
Merkins were originally worn by prostitutes after shaving their genitalia , and are now used as decorative items , erotic devices , or in films , by both men and women .	The `` Oxford Companion to the Body '' dates the origin of the pubic wig to the 1450s .
After the war , he was a diplomat and became wealthy by inventing American asphalt pavement .	Averell was born in Cameron , New York .
Its use was so disastrous that it is now prohibited in the western world , but only after many millions of kilograms had been produced .	Kepone is a known persistent organic pollutant ( POP ) , classified among the `` dirty dozen '' and banned globally by the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants as of 2011 .
The park is situated in downtown Baltimore , a few blocks west of the Inner Harbor in the Camden Yards Sports Complex .	The Orioles celebrated the ballpark 's 20th anniversary during the 2012 season and launched the website CamdenYards20.com as part of the celebration .
Finally they stayed in Ajax , Ontario , Canada , where he spent his adolescence with his mother and stepfather Kevin Gordon .	In 1999 , the band signed an international record deal with Island Records .
James Black was born in Hackensack , New Jersey on 1 May 1800 .	James ' mother died when he was very young and he had difficulty getting along with his stepmother .
He served as Minister of Lands and Forestry from 1958 to 1960 and briefly as Minister of Youth and Social Welfare until his party , the Union Nationale lost the provincial election in 1960 .	Bertrand tried to become leader of the Union Nationale in 1961 , but was defeated by his colleague Daniel Johnson , Sr. , the MLA for the district of Bagot .
He was the son of Francis Johnson , an anglophone labourer of Irish heritage , and Marie-Adéline Daniel , a French Canadian .	He was raised bilingually but educated entirely in French .
It has branches throughout mainland China , Hong Kong , London , Tokyo , New York , Frankfurt , Sydney , Seoul , and Singapore .	ABC has 320 million retail customers , corporate clients , and nearly 24,000 branches .
Syrtis Major Planum is a `` dark spot '' ( an albedo feature ) located in the boundary between the northern lowlands and southern highlands of Mars just west of the impact basin Isidis in the Syrtis Major quadrangle .	It was discovered , on the basis of data from Mars Global Surveyor , to be a low-relief shield volcano , but was formerly believed to be a plain , and was then known as Syrtis Major Planitia .
Safety pins , or more usually a special version with an extra safe cover , called a nappy pin , or loincloth pin , are widely used to fasten cloth diapers ( nappies ) , or modern loincloths , as the safety clasp , while remaining ingestion hazard , prevents the baby or boy from being jabbed .	Similarly , they can be used to patch torn or damaged clothing .
The horse responds to a neck rein when it has learned that a light pressure of the right rein against its neck on that side means for the horse to turn left , and vice versa .	The neck rein is used in both English riding and in Western riding , though the style differs between the disciplines .
The most common type of rate is `` per unit of time '' , such as speed , heart rate and flux .	Ratios that have a non-time denominator include exchange rates , literacy rates and electric field ( in volts/meter ) .
As proconsul , his allotted province was Spain .	The consul of the previous year , Gaius Hostilius Mancinus , had recently suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of the Numantines and was forced to surrender , an event known as the `` foedus Mancinum '' .
Rates ( ) is a Portuguese parish and a former township located in the municipality of Póvoa de Varzim .	The population in 2011 was 2,505 , in an area of 13.90 km² .
Joseph Koo Kar-Fai , GBS ( born 3 February 1933 in Guangzhou , China ) is one of the most respected composers in Hong Kong .	He used the pen name Moran ( 莫然 ) for Mandarin songs early in his career .
At the time , Flight 981 was the deadliest plane crash in aviation history until 27 March 1977 , when 583 people perished in the collision of two Boeing 747s in Tenerife .	It remained the deadliest single-aircraft accident until the crash of Japan Airlines flight 123 on 12 August 1985 , and the deadliest aviation accident without survivors until the Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision on 12 November 1996 .
The 125cc motorcycle won the 3rd Mount Fuji Ascent Race in its class .	The company 's products includes motorcycles , scooters , motorized bicycles , boats , sail boats , personal water craft , swimming pools , utility boats , fishing boats , outboard motors , 4-wheel ATVs , recreational off-road vehicles , go-kart engines , golf carts , multi-purpose engines , electrical generators , water pumps , snowmobiles , small snow throwers , automobile engines , surface mounters , intelligent machinery , industrial-use unmanned helicopters , electrical power units for wheelchairs and helmets.The company is also involved in the import and sales of various types of products , development of tourist businesses and management of leisure , recreational facilities and related services .
In 1974 Turkish Airlines Flight 981 crashed in the Ermenonville Forest in Fontaine-Chaalis , Oise , near Ermenonville .	The garden at Ermenonville was one of the earliest and finest examples of the French landscape garden .
Since January 1 , 2002 , it has been part of the amalgamated city of Gatineau which merged five former municipalities , including Masson-Angers , Buckingham , Hull , Aylmer and Gatineau , into a single entity .	According to the 2011 Census the population of the town was 23,589 .
Redlich was born in Vienna , wherehe privately studied piano with Paul Weingarten and harmony and counterpoint with Hugo Kauder .	He was a student of Carl Orff in Munich after 1921 .
There , he held the WWWF World Heavyweight Championship ( WWWF Heavyweight Championship during his second reign ) for more than 11 years ( 4,040 days ) across two reigns , the first of which is the longest single reign in the promotion 's history at 2,803 days .	Called `` The Italian Strongman '' and `` The Strongest Man in the World '' early in his career , Sammartino earned the title `` The Living Legend '' during his lifetime .
Nathan Irving `` Nat '' Hentoff ( June 10 , 1925 – January 7 , 2017 ) was an American historian , novelist , jazz and country music critic , and syndicated columnist for United Media .	Hentoff was a columnist for `` The Village Voice '' from 1958 to 2009 .
Specifically it is used for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer .	It has also been used to prevent breast cancer in those at high risk .
She preferred to say she wrote `` romantic novels of suspense '' .	She was born in Japan to American parents and spent her early years in Asia .
Shadow was first shown by Takashi Iizuka for `` Sonic Adventure 2 '' , he was first shown to the public in a game trailer , but his name was not revealed .	GameStop described what little was shown as Anti-Sonic – `` similar in appearance , but with darker skin , more angled eyes , a fearsome scowl , instead of Sonic 's trademark grin . ''
He found bit and supporting parts at Film Booking Office ( FBO ) , Rayart , more , and was given the opportunity to play a few leads .	His first film was `` A Woman Who Sinned '' ( FBO , 1924 ) .
Ladislas Starevich ( , ; August 8 , 1882 – February 26 , 1965 ) was a Polish-Russian stop-motion animator notable as the author of the first puppet-animated film `` The Beautiful Lukanida '' ( 1912 ) .	He also used dead insects and other animals as protagonists of his films .
They are typically used to amplify signals from analog sensors such as microphones and pickups .	Because of this , the preamplifier is often placed close to the sensor to reduce the effects of noise and interference .
`` Arrested decay '' is a term coined by the State of California , United States to explain how it would preserve its Bodie State Historic Park .	A more common application of this concept is the preservation of war ruins as memorials .
The Jeolla Line is a railway line in North and South Jeolla Provinces in South Korea .	The line is served by frequent passenger trains from Seoul ( via the Gyeongbu and Honam Lines ) to Yeosu .
Dexamethasone is a type of corticosteroid medication .	It is used in the treatment of many conditions , including rheumatic problems , a number of skin diseases , severe allergies , asthma , chronic obstructive lung disease , croup , brain swelling , and along with antibiotics in tuberculosis .
It is very portable and runs on Microsoft Windows , Linux , UNIX , and Mac OS X .	It is also free and open-source software , licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License , and was SourceForge.net 's Project of the Month for February 2003 .
The former Indochinese kingdom of Champa also exerted some influence ( albeit more minor when compared to China ) on Vietnam 's traditional music .	`` Nhã nhạc '' is the most popular form of imperial court music , specifically referring to the court music played from the Trần dynasty to the very last Nguyễn dynasty of Vietnam , being synthesized and most highly developed by the Nguyễn emperors .
It is an observer at the United Nations .	The mission of the Pacific Islands Forum is “ to work in support of Forum member governments , to enhance the economic and social well-being of the people of the South Pacific by fostering cooperation between governments and between international agencies , and by representing the interests of Forum members in ways agreed by the Forum ” .
New World Development , via its subsidiary New World Hotels ( Holdings ) , also owned a minority stake .	China Hotel became the first hotel managed by Marriott in Mainland China in 1998 , under a 20-year contract and was renamed China Hotel , A Marriott Hotel .
An AUI cable may be up to long , although frequently the cable is omitted altogether and the MAU and MAC are directly attached to one another .	AUI connectors became rare beginning in the early 1990s when computers and hubs began to incorporate the MAU , particularly as the 10BASE-T standard became more common and use of 10BASE5 ( thicknet ) and 10BASE2 ( thinnet ) declined .
Passive token ring was an active IBM networking product in the 1997 time-frame , after which it was rapidly displaced by switched networking .	The majority of IBM-implemented ( actual ) passive Token ring MAUs operated without the requirement of power ; instead the passive MAU used a series of relays that adjusted themselves as data is passed through : this is also why Token ring generally used relays to terminate disconnected or failed ports .
Part of the municipality is a natural reserve , particularly along the lake shore .	Schmerikon has an area , , of .
It was published in two parts in March 1791 and February 1792 .	Paine was a very strong supporter of the French Revolution that began in 1789 ; he visited France the following year .
With a total length of , it is the longest river on Kyūshū .	It flows from Mount Aso and empties into the Ariake Sea .
It is a cylindrical drum without snare wires , and tend to produce a booming , resonant sound which can vary in pitch .	The floor toms are the lowest tuned drums played with sticks in the regular 5 piece drum set .
The house is a part of the Order of Cistercians of the Common Observance ( O.Cist .	) .
The reserve was gazetted in April 1963 with additions made in 1967 , over former fauna and crown reserves , and further additions were made in 1988 to make the reserve to its current area of .	The reserve is situated north-west of the rural locality of , and north of and defines part of the state border between New South Wales and Queensland .
Uerikon is located on the north bank of the Zürichsee ( Lake Zürich ) in the Pfannenstiel region and is part of the political municipality of Stäfa .	In the local dialect it is called `` Ürike '' .
Kehlhof is a village near Rapperswil , Switzerland .	It is located on the north bank of the lake of Zurich and is part of the political municipality of Stäfa .
James Kenneth Galbraith ( born January 29 , 1952 ) is an American economist who writes frequently for the popular press on economic topics .	He is currently a professor at the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs and at the Department of Government , University of Texas at Austin .
Stäfa has an area of .	Of this area , 46.1 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 18.8 % is forested .
It operated scheduled and charter flights , provided cargo services and aircraft rental .	Its main bases were Kaunas International Airport ( KUN ) and Palanga International Airport ( PLQ ) .
The Neuengamme concentration camp was a network of Nazi German concentration camps in Northern Germany that consisted of the main camp , Neuengamme , and its over 85 satellite camps .	Established in 1938 near the village of Neuengamme in the Bergedorf district of Hamburg , the Neuengamme camp became the largest concentration camp in Northwest Germany .
Uetikon am See is a municipality in the district of Meilen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .	Uetikon am See is first mentioned in 1150 as `` Uotinchova '' .
Prince of Wales Hospital ( ) is a regional acute government hospital located in Sha Tin , New Territories in Hong Kong .	It is also a teaching hospital of the Faculty of Medicine of the Chinese University of Hong Kong ( CUHK ) .
The Saab 96 is an automobile manufactured and marketed by Saab from 1960 to January 1980 , replacing the 93 .	The 96 featured aerodynamic two-door bodywork , four passenger seating and at first a two-stroke , three-cylinder engine , later a four-stroke V4 .
Despite their uncharacteristic genre in their home country , the band is one of the top acts of the Serbian rock scene and has influenced several younger Serbian bands , most notably Tir na n'Og and Irish Stew of Sindidun .	The band started their career performing traditional Irish songs and , gradually , introduced more and more of their own material ( lyrics mostly written by the band 's frontman Aleksandar `` Aca Celtic '' Petrović , music mostly written by band 's violinist Ana Đokić ) .
There are findings dating back to the Bronze age .	In the 8th century , a village called `` Tächliswil '' was established .
The crater Wan-Hoo on the far side of the Moon is named after him .	A precursor of the story of Wan Hu appeared in an article by John Elfreth Watkins published in the October 2 , 1909 issue of `` Scientific American '' , but used the name Wang Tu instead of Wan Hu :
There are also findings from the Bronze Age .	During Roman times , a mansion was located on the commons .
Bilhah gave birth to two sons , who Rachel claimed as her own and named Dan and Naphtali .	expressly calls Bilhah Jacob 's concubine , a `` pilegesh '' .
In 1940 the Kriegsmarine requisitioned her as an accommodation ship .	In 1942 she served as the set for the German propaganda feature film `` Titanic '' .
It is a long work of literary , historical , and antiquarian references set in Rome at a series of banquets held by the protagonist Publius Livius Larensis for an assembly of grammarians , lexicographers , jurists , musicians , and hangers-on .	It is sometimes called the oldest surviving cookbook .
In the latter she was also a producer and writer .	On `` Fast Forward '' , Gina Riley sent-up such singers as Tina Arena , Paula Abdul , Bette Midler , Sinéad O'Connor and Dannii Minogue as well as Australian personalities Kerri-Anne Kennerley and Jacki MacDonald .
His paternal grandfather emigrated from Portugal and his paternal grandmother was Afro-Caribbean ; his mother is of English and Chinese-Jamaican descent .	Sean Paul was raised as a Catholic .
A prodigy who invented a water turbine at the age of ten , he worked as an engineer at the École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées .	He was in charge of planning and construction of the Amiens canal and the Ourcq canal .
Du Mu ( ; 803–852 ) was a leading Chinese poet of the late Tang dynasty .	His courtesy name was Muzhi ( ) , and sobriquet Fanchuan ( ) .
Mahmoud Zuabi also , Zubi or al-Zoubi ( ; 1935 – 21 May 2000 ) was Prime Minister of Syria from 1 November 1987 to 7 March 2000 .	Zuabi was born into a Sunni family in 1935 in Khirbet Ghazaleh , a village 75 miles south of Damascus in the Hauran region .
Styled by Sixten Sason , it was first presented on December 1 , 1955 .	The 93 was powered by a longitudinally-mounted three-cylinder 748 cc Saab two-stroke engine giving 33 hp ( 25 kW ) .
The AFL owners declined , in Lamar Hunt 's words , because they felt that a patch would make the uniforms `` '' too busy '' '' .	Coniglio enlisted the support of AFL President Milt Woodard and of AFL players .
These Games marked the first time the Paralympic Winter Games were held in the same location as the Winter Olympics , a tradition that has continued through an agreement of cooperation between the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) and the International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) .	Ice sledge hockey , which became an immediate crowd favorite , was added to the program .
In the Samaritan Pentateuch the name appears as `` Binyamīm '' ( ) .	The Tribe of Benjamin , located to the north of Judah but to the south of the northern Kingdom of Israel , is significant in biblical narratives as a source of various Israelite leaders including the first Israelite king , Saul , as well as earlier tribal leaders in the period of the Judges .
He was born at Chamelet , Beaujolais , France and died in Asnières-sur-Seine , France .	He was Engineer-in-Chief of the École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées .
Ian Stewart ( born 15 January 1949 ) is a Scottish former long-distance running athlete .	Ian Stewart was one of the world 's leading distance runners between the late 1960s and mid-1970s .
It is one of the ten lost tribes .	In Jewish tradition , the tribe of Issachar was seen as being dominated by religious scholars and influential in proselytism .
A madrigal is a secular vocal music composition of the Renaissance and early Baroque eras .	Traditionally , polyphonic madrigals are unaccompanied ; the number of voices varies from two to eight , and most frequently from three to six .
In the biblical account , Dan is one of the two children of Bilhah , the handmaid of Jacob 's wife Rachel , the other child of Bilhah being Naphtali .	Scholars see this as indicating that the authors saw Dan and Naphtali as being not of entirely Israelite origin ( being descendants of `` handmaids '' rather than of full wives ) .
No central government existed , and in times of crisis the people were led by ad hoc leaders known as Judges .	( see the Book of Judges ) With the growth of the threat from Philistine incursions , the Israelite tribes decided to form a strong centralised monarchy to meet the challenge , and the Tribe of Gad joined the new kingdom with Saul as the first king .
According to biblical scholar Kenneth Kitchen , this conquest should be dated slightly after 1200 BC .	However , the consensus of modern scholars is that the conquest of Joshua as described in the Book of Joshua never occurred .
With 682,418 members in 2007 , the KCTU accounted for 40.6 % of trade union members in South Korea .	The KCTU has more than 1,200 affiliated enterprise-level trade unions .
The Tribe of Joseph is one of the Tribes of Israel in biblical tradition .	Since Ephraim and Manasseh ( often called the `` two half-tribes of Joseph '' ) together traditionally constituted the tribe of Joseph , it was often not listed as one of the tribes , in favour of Ephraim and Manasseh being listed in its place ; consequently it was often termed the House of Joseph ( Beit Yoseph , בית יוסף ) , to avoid the use of the term `` tribe '' .
In order to weaken its Hapsburg rivals in Spain and the Holy Roman Empire , largely Catholic France supported the Dutch Republic during the 1568-1648 Eighty Years War and in 1635 , it entered the Thirty Years ' War as part of the anti-Imperial Protestant alliance .	The 1648 Peace of Westphalia ended the wider war but the subsidiary Franco-Spanish War continued until the 1659 Treaty of the Pyrenees ; the net effect was that Spain was no longer the dominant power in Europe , while France emerged substantially stronger .
Species in the genus `` Heteronotia '' are commonly known as prickly geckos .	The following five species are recognized as being valid .
In 1667 , Louis XIV had invaded and conquered the Spanish Netherlands ( modern Belgium ) and the Franche-Comté in the War of Devolution .	Louis had decided to invade these Spanish possessions on loose legal premises involving his marriage to the Spanish princess Maria Theresa .
These are small geckos , characterized by the flaps of skin on the front and rear of their limbs and sometimes , along their bodies .	The original spelling intended was `` Lyperosaurus '' ( = vexing gecko ) , for possessing characters from two different genera known to John Edward Gray , who named the genus .
There are two recognized species :	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Matoatoa '' .
`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority or trinomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species or subspecies was originally described in a genus other than `` Nactus '' .	Kluge AG ( 1983 ) .
Joachim was largely self-taught in music , studying the subject while working as a schoolmaster in Schmerikon , Schwyz and Rapperswil .	He sent some of his piano compositions to Felix Mendelssohn who recommended them to Breitkopf & Härtel for publication .
In Iranian mythology , Afrasiab is considered by far the most prominent of all Turanian kings ; he is a formidable warrior , a skilful general , and an agent of Ahriman , who is endowed with magical powers of deception to destroy Iranian civilization .	According to Islamic sources , Afrasiab was a descendant of Tūr ( Avestan : `` Tūriya- '' ) , one of the three sons of the Iranian mythical King Fereydun ( the other two sons being Salm and Iraj ) .
`` Phyllopezus '' species occur in a variety of open and forested habitats across South America including Caatinga , Cerrado , Chaco , seasonally dry tropical forest , and Atlantic Forest .	`` Phyllopezus pollicaris '' is composed of numerous undescribed species .
The central argument is that the natural environment , in small scale or subsistence societies dependent in part upon it , is a major contributor to social organization and other human institutions .	In the academic realm , when combined with study of political economy , the study of economies as polities , it becomes political ecology , another academic subfield .
The generic name , Pristurus , means `` saw-tailed '' in Latin .	[ 출처 필요 ]
There are only three described species in this genus .	The following species and subspecies are recognized as being valid .
They are lizards in the family Gekkonidae .	All species in the genus `` Ptychozoon '' are characterized by cryptic coloration and elaborate webs surrounding the neck , limbs , trunk , and tail .
Ptyodactylus is a genus of geckos , which are commonly known as fan-fingered geckos .	The genus has 12 described species .
A central Secretariat and an Executive Council was established in 1992 .	The Secretariat is currently based in Australia and the Executive Council meets once or twice a year in Paris in October and either in Hong Kong or in Dubai in between .
The generic name , `` Quedenfeldtia '' , is in honor of German naturalist Max Quedenfeldt ( 1851–1891 ) .	Two species are recognized as being valid .
Cuius regio , eius religio is a Latin phrase which literally means `` Whose realm , his religion '' , meaning that the religion of the ruler was to dictate the religion of those ruled .	At the Peace of Augsburg of 1555 , which ended a period of armed conflict between Roman Catholic and Protestant forces within the Holy Roman Empire , the rulers of the German-speaking states and Charles V , the Emperor , agreed to accept this principle .
Dith Pran ( ; 27 September 1942 – 30 March 2008 ) was a Cambodian photojournalist best known as a refugee and survivor of the Cambodian genocide .	He was the subject of the Academy Award-winning film `` The Killing Fields '' ( 1984 ) .
The place name can be from Celtic words meaning `` holy one '' ( if it refers to the River Brent ) , or `` high place '' , literally , `` from a steep hill '' ( if it refers to the villages in Somerset and Devon , England ) ( Mills 1991 ) .	The surname often indicates that one 's ancestors lived in a place called Brent .
The signatories to the agreement stated that its purpose was to show their unity in cracking down on illegal , unlicensed or unauthorised offshore bookmakers on horse racing , in order to protect the revenue of the signatories .	It is viewed by some as documenting an international cartel to defend the signatories from competition from commercial bookmakers and bet exchanges so as to maintain higher profits for themselves .
Thecadactylus is a gekko genus from the tropical Americas .	They are known as the turnip-tailed geckos .
Tropiocolotes is a genus of geckos that grow to about in length and are endemic to Northern Africa .	They are commonly known as dwarf geckos , pygmy geckos , or sand geckos .
Five species are recognized as being valid .	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Urocotyledon '' .
The Vickers Viscount was a British medium-range turboprop airliner first flown in 1948 by Vickers-Armstrongs .	A design requirement from the Brabazon Committee , it entered service in 1953 and was the first turboprop-powered airliner .
The typical subsistence farm has a range of crops and animals needed by the family to feed and clothe themselves during the year .	Planting decisions are made principally with an eye toward what the family will need during the coming year , and secondarily toward market prices .
Bavayia , sometimes known as New Caledonian geckos or bavayias , are a genus of geckos from the remote New Caledonia and Loyalty Islands .	These 12 species are moderately small to medium-sized geckos and are distinguished from other genera by their tail length and the shape of their digits .
It has a dark black streak from snout to eye with a small black streak above the tympanum .	Brown above , specked with smaller paler brown spots and black specks concentrated around the vertebral line .
Member species are morphologically similar but genetically distinct .	The following 27 species are included in `` Diplodactylus '' :
`` Eurydactylodes '' geckos inhabit moist rainforests and similar gallery forests lining the rivers .	`` Eurydactylodes '' females usually lay two soft-shelled eggs which are buried in moist substrates .
The institute now operates several research units in cooperation with national research institutions CNRS and INSERM .	There are several hundred research staff at the institute .
`` Hoplodactylus '' comprises two species of large to gigantic brownish lizards , one extinct and one surviving only on predator-free islands .	Species in this genus ( now spit into several genera ) tend to have rather dull colouration with little variation on a generally brown/grey theme , although mottled greens are seen in some species , notably the forest gecko ( `` Mokopirirakau granulatus '' ) .
The 7 cm long beaded gecko is reddish brown on top , with what looks like chains of beads surrounding the cream pale ridged vertebral strip , alas the name Beaded Gecko ; Single lines of pale blotches running down the side of its body with scattered smaller spots covering its dark brown limbs and surrounding body .	This gecko has a rounded snout rather than beaked ( with the rostral connection to the nostril ) , reddish brown in colour with a white or cream upper eyelid that is not able to cover , protect or clean the eye rather the eye is covered in protective transparent scales .
On account of their striking colouration , species in the genus `` Naultinus '' are commonly known as green geckos .	There are eight described species in the genus .
William George Zane Jr. ( born February 24 , 1966 ) is an American actor and producer .	He is best known for his role in the epic romantic disaster film `` Titanic '' ( 1997 ) , as well as roles in the science fiction comedies `` Back to the Future '' ( 1985 ) and `` Back to the Future Part II '' ( 1989 ) , `` Dead Calm '' ( 1989 ) , the television series `` Twin Peaks '' ( 1991 ) , the western film `` Tombstone '' ( 1993 ) , the horror film `` Demon Knight '' ( 1995 ) , `` Kingdom Hearts '' ( 2002 ) as Ansem , Seeker of Darkness , and the comedy-drama `` CQ '' ( 2001 ) .
Species in the genus are referred to by the common name velvet geckos .	Most of the species of `` Oedura '' occur in northern and eastern Australia , with further isolates in the arid zone ( Pilbara , Central Ranges and Flinders Ranges ) .
Rarely seen outside their native habitat , they are notable for their highly effective camouflage which is in part aided by the spiny tubercles that cover every body part .	Most member species , except for `` P. caudiannulatus '' , `` P. gulbaru '' and `` P. kabikabi '' , have very flattened , leaf-shaped tails .
The genus name `` Streptopelia '' is from Ancient Greek `` streptos '' , `` collar '' and `` peleia '' ,	`` dove '' .
A cash crop or profit crop is an agricultural crop which is grown to sell for profit .	It is typically purchased by parties separate from a farm .
Genus characteristics include long limbs and toes with well-developed lamellae .	Some webbing occurs on the hind limbs and toes .
Kumru is a Turkish sandwich on a bun , typically with cheese , tomato , and sausage .	The name of this street food translates as 'collared dove ' , and derives from the shape of the sandwich .
Saltuarius is a genus of larger Australian geckos , known collectively as leaf-tailed geckos .	The genus was created in 1993 to accommodate some former members of the genus `` Phyllurus '' .
The generic name , `` Underwoodisaurus '' , is in honor of British herpetologist .	The genus `` Underwoodisaurus '' has a complex taxonomic history , but the currently accepted taxonomic concept follows & ( 2011 ) , with a second species subsequently recognised by & ( 2011 ) .
Matthew Jason Bloom ( born November 14 , 1972 ) is an American professional wrestling trainer , color commentator and retired professional wrestler and National Football League player .	He is currently employed by the professional wrestling promotion WWE , where he is the head trainer at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando , Florida .
Unlike the Aromanian Vlachs , the other Romance speaking population in the same historic region , the Meglen Vlachs are traditionally sedentary agriculturalists , and not traditionally transhumants .	They speak a Romance language most often called by linguists Megleno-Romanian or Meglenitic in English , and βλαχομογλενίτικα ( `` vlachomoglenítika '' ) or simply μογλενίτικα ( `` moglenítika '' ) in Greek .
It is ranked as the first French `` École d'Ingénieurs '' in the 2017 Shanghai Ranking .	ESPCI Paris is a constituent college of PSL Research University and a founding member of the ParisTech ( Paris Institute of Technology ) alliance .
He fell in love with her daughter Irène Curie , and soon after their marriage in 1926 they both changed their surnames to Joliot-Curie .	At the insistence of Marie , Joliot-Curie obtained a second baccalauréat , a bachelor 's degree , and a doctorate in science , doing his thesis on the electrochemistry of radio-elements .
Historically , there have been so many incentives to buy locally that no one had to make any kind of point to do so , but with current market conditions , it is often cheaper to buy distantly produced goods , despite the added costs in terms of packaging , transport , inspection , retail facilities , etc .	As such , one must now often take explicit action if one wants to purchase locally produced goods .
Rust also served as a senior officer of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .	Albert Rust was born c. 1818 in Fauquier County , Virginia , to William Rust and his wife Elizabeth ; his exact birth date is not known .
Bondfield was born in humble circumstances and received limited formal education .	After serving an apprenticeship to an embroidress she worked as a shop assistant in Brighton and London .
Voter fatigue can be used as a criticism of the direct democracy system , in those specific situations in which voters are constantly asked to decide on policy via referenda ( though it should be borne in mind that such situations may be practically rare ) or an out-of-cycle recall election .	The latter was seen in 2012 for instance , when the electorate of the American city of Sheboygan , Wisconsin had to vote two times out-of-cycle early in the year due to a mayoral recall primary and run-off election , and then an additional two times in mid-year due to the Wisconsin gubernatorial recall election .
Although some political observers have labelled the MNR as a `` far-right '' party , the MNR presents itself as classical liberal and nationalist .	It opposes immigration , Islamisation , philo-Semitism and the European Union , but , unlike the National Front , supports free markets , deregulation and privatisation .
He was a member of the Republican Party , who served as U.S .	Solicitor General and U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania .
It is charged with the collection and publication of statistics related to the economy , population and society of the UK ; responsibility for some areas of statistics in Scotland , Northern Ireland and Wales is devolved to the devolved governments for those areas .	The ONS functions as the executive office of the National Statistician , who is also the UK Statistics Authority 's Chief Executive and principal statistical adviser to the UK 's National Statistics Institute , and the 'Head Office ' of the Government Statistical Service ( GSS ) .
It refers more generally however to any similar regime of verification of conformity to some standard , e.g .	Kyoto Protocol , Harkin-Engel Protocol , or some mandatory labeling scheme .
It was worn by lancers and uhlans , a type of light cavalry which had its origins in the Lipka Tatars who served the kings of Poland , but were widely copied by the armies of many western nations from the start of the 19th century along with their distinctive style of dress .	The lancer 's kurtka developed from a jacket called a `` kontusz '' , which during the late 18th century became shortened into the kurtka .
The Revolutionary Communist League ( `` Ligue communiste révolutionnaire '' ) ( LCR ) was a Trotskyist political party in France .	It was the French section of the Fourth International ( Post-Reunification ) .
Richardson served as Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare from 1970 to 1973 , Secretary of Defense from January to May 1973 , Attorney General from May to October 1973 , and Secretary of Commerce from 1976 to 1977 .	That makes him one of only two individuals to have held four Cabinet positions within the United States government ( the other being George Shultz ) .
It is the main town in Stroud District .	Situated below the western escarpment of the Cotswold Hills at the meeting point of the Five Valleys , the town is noted for its steep streets , independent spirit and cafe culture .
The lower portion of the shield features a golden sun setting into the ocean , representing the province 's location on the Pacific .	The original arms , consisting of only the shield , were granted by royal warrant of King Edward VII on March 31 , 1906 .
Within the `` PT '' the former `` PCI '' was known as the Internationalist Communist Organisation .	In reality , despite including communist , socialist and anarcho-syndicalist tendencies the `` PT '' was generally regarded as little more than a front for the Trotskyist `` PCI '' .
Various specific programs for community economics and local currency , e.g .	Ithaca Hours , are often promoted in green politics .
Hopscotch is a popular playground game in which players toss a small object into numbered triangles or a pattern of rectangles outlined on the ground and then hop or jump through the spaces to retrieve the object .	To play hopscotch , a court is first laid out on the ground .
In various forms it is promoted by many political movements , most notably feminism , gay rights , green politics , animal rights and the anti-globalization movement .	However it means somewhat different things in each of these .
Some 250 vehicles were inspected and 400 people interviewed , but no one was detained during the operation .	It was the biggest operation in Afghanistan since Operation Anaconda in March 2002 .
Nikolaj Frederik Severin Grundtvig ( ; 8 September 1783 – 2 September 1872 ) , most often referred to as N. F. S. Grundtvig , was a Danish pastor , author , poet , philosopher , historian , teacher and politician .	He was one of the most influential people in Danish history , as his philosophy gave rise to a new form of nationalism in the last half of the 19th century .
Following the shutdown of The WB and its merger with UPN to form The CW , the series aired on the new network on September 25 , 2006 , for its eleventh and final season , airing its final episode on May 13 , 2007 .	`` 7th Heaven '' was the last series to be produced by Spelling Television ( later produced by CBS Paramount Network Television for the eleventh and final season ) before it was shut down and became an in-name-only unit of CBS Television Studios .
The band 's work is marked by the individual songwriting of founders Roger Hodgson and Rick Davies and the prominent use of Wurlitzer electric piano and saxophone .	Though their early style was progressive , they enjoyed greater commercial success when they incorporated more radio-friendly pop elements into their work in the mid-1970s , going on to sell more than 60 million albums .
The order is of relatively recent vintage ; `` Fishes of the World '' ( 2006 ) lists it as the suborder Notacanthoidei of Albuliformes .	The notacanthiforms are much more eel-like than the albuliforms ; for instance , the caudal fin has disappeared .
Sedition often includes subversion of a constitution and incitement of discontent towards , or resistance against established authority .	Sedition may include any commotion , though not aimed at direct and open violence against the laws .
Philip Henry Niekro ( pronounced NEE-kro ) ( born April 1 , 1939 ) , nicknamed `` Knucksie '' , is a former Major League Baseball ( MLB ) pitcher .	He played 24 seasons in the majors , 20 of them with the Milwaukee / Atlanta Braves .
Fishes of the World by Joseph S. Nelson is a standard reference for fish systematics .	Now in its fifth edition ( 2016 ) , the work is a comprehensive overview of the diversity and classification of the 30,000-plus fish species known to science .
As one of the oldest continuous cultures in the world , Koreans have passed down their traditional narratives in a variety of ways .	Since the mid-20th century , Korea has been split between the North and South Korean states , resulting today in a number of cultural differences .
Kerberos is somewhat supported as well .	Currently however for password verification only , not as a single sign-on ( SSO ) method .
When referring specifically to the shamanic practice ( Hangul : 무속 , Hanja : 巫俗 ; `` musog '' or `` musok '' ) , the term Muism ( Hangul : 무교 , Hanja : 巫敎 ; `` Mugyo '' or `` Mukyo '' , `` religion of the `` mu '' ( shamans ) '' ) is used .	The general word for `` shaman '' in Korean language is `` mu '' ( Hangul : 무 , Hanja : 巫 ) .
The town of Stonington is located in New London County , Connecticut in the state 's southeastern corner .	It includes the borough of Stonington , the villages of Pawcatuck , Lords Point , and Wequetequock , and the eastern halves of the villages of Mystic and Old Mystic ( the other halves being in the town of Groton ) .
Species include recognizable fish such as pelican eels , bobtail eels , and gulper eels .	Some can live deep in the ocean , well into the aphotic zone .
They were subsequently codified in title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations Part 68 .	The specification includes physical construction , wiring , and signal semantics .
The word `` dumog '' is most commonly used in Mindanao and the Visayas , while the word `` buno '' is used in Luzon , specifically in the Southern Tagalog-speaking provinces as far south as Mindoro .	Tribal groups such as the Ifugao , Samal , Igorot , Ibanag , Manobo , Dumagat , and Maranao are said to practice grappling arts known respectively as bultong , silaga , dama , garong , buteng , purgos , and kapulubod ; while ethnic groups such as the Tagalog , Ilokano , Cebuano , Bicolano , Pampanga , and Pangasinan , are said to practice grappling arts known as gabbo , layung , lampugan , pantok , balsakan , and dumog .
Other academic disciplines , such as biology and other sciences , also maintain image collections akin to slide libraries .	Corporations may also have image libraries to maintain and document their publications and history .
Buno usually uses standing throws , control locks , joint manipulation , striking , take-downs and ground wrestling techniques ,	There is also an armed style of Buno .
Film historians have cited Varda 's work as central to the development of the French New Wave ; her employment of location shooting and non-professional actors were unconventional in the context of 1950s French cinema .	Varda was born Arlette Varda on 30 May 1928 in Ixelles , Brussels , Belgium , the daughter of Christiane ( née Pasquet ) and Eugène Jean Varda , an engineer .
During a 22-year baseball career , he pitched from 1967–1988 for seven different teams , primarily for the Houston Astros .	Niekro was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the seventh round of the 1966 amateur draft , but he did not sign with the club .
She represented Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 with the song `` Ne brini '' .	She also provided the results of the Bosnia and Herzegovina televote in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 .
2 ) The former seeks primarily to disable the enemy as quickly as possible at all costs , whereas the latter seeks primarily to build `` warrior ethos '' and the courage to close with the enemy .	World War II combatives are rooted in British colonial history with the Shanghai Municipal Police ( 1854–1943 ) , pioneers of modern SWAT , who operated in what was widely acknowledged as the most dangerous port city in the world at the time .
Birgitta Haukdal Brynjarsdóttir ( born 28 July 1979 ) , also known by her mononym Birgitta , is an Icelandic singer .	She rose to domestic media prominence as the lead singer of pop band Írafár .
His output of works features music in many genres , including a cycle of nine symphonies , numerous concertos , concert works , chamber music , choral music and music for brass band and wind band .	He wrote extensively for the theatre , with five ballets specially commissioned by the Royal Ballet , as well as two operas and a musical .
Along with other neighbourhoods such as The Kingsway , Rosedale , and The Bridle Path , it is one of Toronto ’ s wealthiest and most affluent neighbourhoods .	It is home to many prominent entrepreneurs , celebrities , doctors , and lawyers .
In British politics , the term Blairism refers to the political ideology of the former leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister Tony Blair .	It entered the `` New Penguin English Dictionary '' in 2000 .
Most likely they lived between the Bructeri `` minores '' ( located at the delta of the Yssel ) and the Bructerii `` maiores '' that were living south of them at the end of the Ems .	The name for them is supposed to be a Latin rendering of the Germanic `` Ems-werer '' , meaning `` men of the Ems '' .
Nikolay Alexeyevich Nekrasov ( , – ) was a Russian poet , writer , critic and publisher , whose deeply compassionate poems about peasant Russia made him the hero of liberal and radical circles of Russian intelligentsia , as represented by Vissarion Belinsky , Nikolay Chernyshevsky and Fyodor Dostoyevsky .	He is credited with introducing into Russian poetry ternary meters and the technique of dramatic monologue ( `` On the Road '' , 1845 ) .
He participated in two Cypriot national finals for the Eurovision Song Contest , coming second in 1997 with `` I grammitis ntropi '' , and fourth in 1999 with `` Methysmeno feggari '' .	In 2003 , he performed the song `` Feeling Alive '' as the Cypriot entry for the Eurovision Song Contest , finishing 20th in the competition .
James Alan Bouton ( ; born March 8 , 1939 ) is an	American retired professional baseball player .
She was the sixth child of her parents brothers and sisters .	She toured with her band for 15 years , in Germany as well as abroad .
According to the Maastricht Treaty , each current member state and the European Parliament must agree to any enlargement .	The process of enlargement is sometimes referred to as European integration .
The Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam ( abbreviated as VU , VU Amsterdam , `` Free University Amsterdam '' ) is a university in Amsterdam , Netherlands , founded in 1880 .	The VU is one of two large , publicly funded research universities in the city , the other being the University of Amsterdam ( UvA ) .The literal translation of the Dutch name `` Vrije Universiteit '' is `` Free University '' .
His television appearances also included guest roles on dozens of shows spanning from the late 1950s until his death and a reprise of his signature role on the 2012 revival of `` Dallas '' .	He also worked as a television producer and director .
The highest point is above sea level .	The range 's massif consists of a number of thickly forested parallel ridges .
Elizabeth Jones owned a slave named Lydia and she hired her out for work to John Mann of Chowan County .	Mann shot and wounded Lydia when she tried to escape a lashing .
`` Qinna Shu '' ( meaning `` technique '' ) literally translates as `` lock catch technique '' .	Some schools simply use the word `` na '' ( `` hold '' ) to describe the techniques .
This psychological perspective helps the client gain the belief that all people are inherently good .	It adopts a holistic approach to human existence and pays special attention to such phenomena as creativity , free will , and positive human potential .
The Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter ( JIMO ) was a proposed NASA spacecraft designed to explore the icy moons of Jupiter .	The main target was Europa , where an ocean of liquid water may harbor alien life .
Lynn was inducted into the Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame in 2002 and to the College Baseball Hall of Fame in 2007 .	Lynn was born in Chicago , and attended the University of Southern California where he was a member of the USC Trojans baseball teams that won the College World Series in 1971 , 1972 , and 1973 .
Lior Narkis ( ; born November 8 , 1976 in Holon , Israel ) is an Israeli singer .	Narkis was born in Holon .
Inaugurated in 1874 as Woodbine Race Course at the foot of Woodbine Avenue and Lake Ontario , it was owned and operated by two gentlemen named Pardee and Howell .	Within a few years financial problems resulted in the property reverting to Joseph Duggan , the original land owner and retired innkeeper .
They changed their name to Jemini ( `` Gem-and-I '' ) at the age of 19 .	They spent the next two and a half years touring pubs and clubs in the UK performing Stevie Wonder , Randy Crawford , Motown covers and ABBA medleys , as well as their own compositions .
When his eyesight started to deteriorate he was forbidden to fight by his doctor .	Oleksandr , obeying this medical advice , needed to find an alternative career .
Founded by Hyeokgeose of Silla of Park family , the Korean dynasty was ruled by the Gyeongju Gim ( Kim ) ( 김 , 金 ) clan for 586 years , Miryang Park ( Bak ) ( 박 , 朴 ) clan for 232 years , Seok clan for 172 years .	It began as a chiefdom in the Samhan confederacies , once allied with Sui China and then Tang China , until it eventually conquered the other two kingdoms , Baekje in 660 and Goguryeo in 668 .
Early on , Korea was retitled and the capital was relocated to modern-day Seoul .	The kingdom 's northernmost borders were expanded to the natural boundaries at the rivers of Amnok and Tuman through the subjugation of the Jurchens .
Caird & Company of Greenock , Scotland , launched the passenger paddle steamer `` Bute '' on 29 March 1865 .	The ship was long and at the beam ; it had an draft .
In both botanical and popular literature the tree has been almost universally referred to as the Wollemi pine , although it is not a true pine ( genus `` Pinus '' ) nor a member of the pine family ( Pinaceae ) , but , rather , is related to `` Agathis '' and `` Araucaria '' in the family Araucariaceae .	The oldest fossil of the Wollemi tree has been dated to 200 million years ago .
Hasselgård comes from Norway 's sixth largest city , Fredrikstad which has more than 60,000 inhabitants and lies 90 km south-east of Oslo , close to the border with Sweden .	He started to play the piano when he was six years old and has trained in several musical genres .
The King of Hungary ( ) was the ruling head of state of the Kingdom of Hungary from 1000 ( or 1001 ) to 1918 .	The style of title `` Apostolic King of Hungary '' was endorsed by Pope Clement XIII in 1758 and used afterwards by all Monarchs of Hungary .
Fame was a Swedish duo consisting of Jessica Andersson ( born 27 October 1973 in Stockholm ) and Magnus Bäcklund ( born 16 November 1965 in Kristinehamn , Värmland County ) .	They met each other at the televised arts school and contest `` Fame Factory '' , which aired in autumn 2002 .
F.L.Y .	were a Latvian band in the beginning created with purpose to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest .
After entering the Gulf of Mexico and then becoming a hurricane on October 2 , Opal turned northeastward and strengthened significantly .	By October 4 , Opal was an intense 150 mph ( 240 km/h ) , Category 4 hurricane .
Born in Ouray , Colorado , on July 16 , 1907 , Wolf was the son of a German immigrant .	Wolf received his B.A .
He also ran for New Jersey Governor three times , in 1953 ( Jersey Veterans Bonus ) , 1957 ( American Third Party ) , and 1961 ( Veterans Bonus Now ) .	Born in Jersey City , New Jersey , Krajewski had an imposing stature ; he stood six foot ( 1.83 m ) and weighed 240 pounds ( 109 kg ) .
ɾja ] ) is a genus of evergreen coniferous trees in the family Araucariaceae .	There are 20 extant species in New Caledonia ( where 14 species are endemic , see New Caledonian `` Araucaria '' ) , Norfolk Island , eastern Australia , New Guinea , Argentina , Chile , and Brazil .
The word `` fideism '' comes from `` fides '' , the Latin word for faith , and literally means `` faith-ism '' .	Theologians and philosophers have responded in various ways to the place of faith and reason in determining the truth of metaphysical ideas , morality , and religious beliefs .
He played for the Boston Red Sox from 1908 to 1915 , where he was primarily a pitcher , and for the Cleveland Indians from 1917 to 1922 , where he was primarily an outfielder .	Wood is one of only 13 pitchers to win 30 or more games in one season ( going 34–5 in 1912 ) since 1900 .
Winslow is a market town and civil parish designated as a town council in the Aylesbury Vale district of north Buckinghamshire .	It has a population of just over 4,400 .
It is a historic industrial site situated in a valley of the Chiltern Hills .	It is positioned below the confluence of two permanent rivers , the Gade and Bulbourne .
Stagecraft is the technical aspect of theatrical , film , and video production .	It includes constructing and rigging scenery ; hanging and focusing of lighting ; design and procurement of costumes ; make-up ; stage management ; audio engineering ; and procurement of props .
The district capital and largest city in the North District is Nazareth .	The Golan Heights has been run as a sub-district of the North District of Israel since the 1981 Golan Heights Law was passed ; the law is not internationally recognized , and the unenforced United Nations Security Council Resolution 497 declared the annexation invalid .
The Treaty of Karlowitz was signed on 26 January 1699 in Sremski Karlovci , in modern-day Serbia , concluding the Austro-Ottoman War of 1683–97 in which the Ottoman side had been defeated at the Battle of Zenta .	It marks the end of Ottoman control in much of Central Europe , with their first major territorial losses after centuries of expansion , and established the Habsburg Monarchy as the dominant power in Central Europe .
The production management team ( consisting of a production manager and any number of assistants ) is responsible for realizing the visions of the producer and the director or choreographer within constraints of technical possibility .	This involves coordinating the operations of various production sub-disciplines ( scenic , wardrobe , lighting , sound , projection , automation , video , pyrotechnics , stage management , etc . )
It forms one of the two major components of Canada 's public retirement income system , the other component being Old Age Security ( OAS ) .	Other parts of Canada 's retirement system are private pensions , either employer-sponsored or from tax-deferred individual savings ( known in Canada as a Registered Retirement Savings Plan ) .
The Phyllopharyngea are a class of ciliates , including some which are extremely specialized .	Motile cells typically have cilia restricted to the ventral surface , or some part thereof , arising from monokinetids with a characteristic ultrastructure .
The record shows Petty exploring his musical roots with nods to his influences .	The songwriting is mainly collaborations between Petty and Lynne , who was also a producer on the album .
Since the global surveillance disclosures of 2013 , initiated by ex-NSA employee Edward Snowden , the inalienable human right to privacy has been a subject of international debate .	In combating worldwide terrorism , government agencies , such as the NSA , CIA , R & AW and GCHQ , have engaged in mass , global surveillance .
He received an English upper middle class education when he was a child as he attended Cliveden Place and Westminster School .	However , he had not been taught mathematics and science until secondary school .
What we tend to think of as 'traditional scenery ' , i.e .	two-dimensional canvas-covered 'flats ' painted to resemble a three-dimensional surface or vista , is a relatively recent innovation and a significant departure from the more ancient forms of theatrical expression , which tended to rely less on the actual representation of space senerial and more on the conveyance of action and mood .
Dempsey is most widely known for kicking a 63-yard field goal as time expired to give the Saints a 19–17 win over the Detroit Lions on November 8 , 1970 at Tulane Stadium in New Orleans .	Prior to 1974 the goal posts in the NFL were on the goal lines instead of the end lines , and a missed field goal was treated the same as a punt : if it missed , it was a touchback unless it landed in the field of play and was returned .
The San Fernando Valley ( known locally as `` The Valley '' ; ) is an urbanized valley in Los Angeles County , California in the Los Angeles metropolitan area , defined by the mountains of the Transverse Ranges circling it .	Home to 1.77 million people , it is north of the larger , more populous Los Angeles Basin .
However , in the 14th century , it was moved to Damascus , modern-day Syria , following the Ottoman invasion of Antioch .	Its traditional territory includes Syria , Lebanon , Iraq , Kuwait , Arab countries of the Persian Gulf and also parts of Turkey .
Soft Machine ( billed as `` The '' Soft Machine up to 1969 or 1970 ) were formed in mid-1966 by Robert Wyatt ( drums , vocals ) , Kevin Ayers ( bass , guitar , vocals ) , Daevid Allen ( guitar ) and Mike Ratledge ( organ ) plus , for the first few gigs only , American guitarist Larry Nowlin .	Allen , Wyatt and future bassist Hugh Hopper first played together in the Daevid Allen Trio in 1963 , occasionally accompanied by Ratledge .
Grover Cleveland Alexander ( February 26 , 1887 – November 4 , 1950 ) , nicknamed `` Old Pete '' , was an American Major League Baseball pitcher .	He played from 1911 through 1930 for the Philadelphia Phillies , Chicago Cubs , and St. Louis Cardinals .
Bart Berman studied piano with Jaap Spaanderman at a predecessor of the Conservatorium van Amsterdam and complemented his piano education with Theo Bruins and a master class by Alfred Brendel .	In 1978 he moved to Israel .
Feferman was born in The Bronx in New York City from working class parents who had emigrated to the United States after World War I and had met and married in New York .	Neither had any advanced education .
Margarete Lihotzky was born 23 January 1897 into a bourgeois family in Margareten , ( since 1850 a part of ) Vienna .	Her grandfather Gustav Lihotzky was a mayor of Czernowitz , Ducal Bukovina , and her mother Julie Bode was relative of Wilhelm von Bode .
It is kept in the Cathedral of Monza , outside Milan .	The Iron Crown is so called because it was believed to contain a one centimetre-wide band of iron within it , said to be beaten out of a nail used at the crucifixion of Jesus .
He played for Cleveland for over ten years , and remains the all-time Indians leader in total bases , runs batted in , runs , and triples .	He also remains third in all-time Indians hits and doubles , and fourth in all-time Indians home runs and walks .
Located in the Charlotte region of North Carolina , Midland is a 30-minute commute to uptown Charlotte .	The name of the town is derived from its location approximately halfway between Charlotte and Oakboro on the railroad line .
Player Piano is the first novel of American writer Kurt Vonnegut , published in 1952 .	It depicts a dystopia of automation , describing the negative impact it can have on quality of life .
Thomas Gann was born in Murrisk Abbey , County Mayo , Ireland , the son of William Gann of Whitstable , England , and Rose Garvey of Murrisk Abbey .	He was raised in Whitstable , where his parents were prominent in the social life of the town .
Saint Rose of Lima , ( April 20 , 1586 August 24 , 1617 ) , was a member of the Third Order of Saint Dominic in Lima , Peru , who became known for both her life of severe asceticism and her care of the needy of the city through her own private efforts .	A lay member of the Dominican Order , she was declared a saint by the Catholic Church , being the first person born in the Americas to be canonized as such .
Some examples include small towns like Alnwick and Arundel , which are still dominated by their castles .	In Western Europe , and England particularly , it is common for cities and towns that were not castle towns to instead have been organized around cathedrals .
Brandenberg was first mentioned in 1140 , and became an independent municipality in the beginning of the 19th century .	The municipality is located in the valley of the Brandenberger Ache river , a tributary of the Inn River .
The mountain is the westernmost major peak of the `` Khumbu '' sub-section of the Mahalangur Himalaya 20 km west of Mount Everest .	The mountain stands on the China-Nepal border .
The International Mountaineering and Climbing Federation or UIAA recognise eight-thousanders as the 14 mountains that are more than in height above sea level , and are considered to be sufficiently independent from neighbouring peaks .	However , there is no precise definition of the criteria used to assess independence and since 2012 , the UIAA has been involved in a process to consider whether the list should be expanded to 20 mountains .
He is the second-longest serving Prime Minister in Italian history , after Benito Mussolini .	He was a prominent leader of the Historical Left and the Liberal Union .
He moved from the USSR ( Moscow ) to the USA ( Atlanta ) in 1990 and from the US to England ( Durham ) in 2012 and then back to Atlanta , to resume teaching at Emory , in 2015 .	He was founder and director of Centre for Humanities Innovation at Durham University ( 2012–2015 ) .
It is home to two prep schools : Groton School , founded in 1884 , and Lawrence Academy at Groton , founded in 1792 and the third-oldest private school in Massachusetts .	Lawrence Academy was founded with a charter from John Hancock .
The administrative capital and largest city is located in Palu .	The 2010 census recorded a population of 2,633,420 for the province , while the latest official estimate ( for January 2014 ) is 2,839,290 .
VC refers to the station 's PSIP virtual channel .	RF refers to the station 's physical RF channel .
Kerry Anne Wells ( born September 25,1951 ) is an Australian fashion designer , writer , commentator , news anchor and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe 1972 .	The 1972 pageant was the first to take place outside the continental United States .
Monte Albán is a large pre-Columbian archaeological site in the Santa Cruz Xoxocotlán Municipality in the southern Mexican state of Oaxaca ( 17.043° N , 96.767°W ) .	The site is located on a low mountainous range rising above the plain in the central section of the Valley of Oaxaca where the latter 's northern Etla , eastern Tlacolula , and southern Zimatlán & Ocotlán ( or Valle Grande ) branches meet .
In dry climates , it is likely to be found in moist areas or near streams .	The generic name `` Elgaria '' is possibly named for an `` Elgar '' or a pun on `` alligator . ''
in the upper end of the Tlacolula Valley , one of the three that form the Central Valleys Region of the state .	The archeological site is within the modern municipality of San Pablo Villa de Mitla .
Baker was a member of the Athletics ' $ 100,000 infield .	He helped the Athletics win the 1910 , 1911 and 1913 World Series .
He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences .	Berezovsky was politically opposed to the President of Russia Vladimir Putin since Putin 's election in 2000 and remained a vocal critic of Putin for the rest of his life .
He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Philadelphia Phillies , New York Giants , Boston Braves and the Brooklyn Robins between 1915 and 1930 .	Born in Sioux City , Iowa , Bancroft played in minor league baseball from 1909 through 1914 , at which point he was bought by the Phillies .
Her presidential campaign in 1996 received around 29,000 votes .	In 2000 she received 4,795 votes ; that year she was only on the ballot in Florida , Rhode Island , Washington , and Wisconsin .
It is naturalized throughout most of the tropics .	The other species are endemic to southern + eastern Africa .
Dennis Keith Rodman ( born May 13 , 1961 ) is an American retired professional basketball player who played for the Detroit Pistons , San Antonio Spurs , Chicago Bulls , Los Angeles Lakers , and Dallas Mavericks in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .	He was nicknamed `` The Worm '' and is famous for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities .
In a 13-year professional career , he peaked in 1987 , becoming the second of only two cyclists to win the Triple Crown of victories in the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia stage races , plus the World road race championship , the first was Eddy Merckx .	Roche 's rise coincided with that of fellow Irishman Sean Kelly .
Goodwill is funded by a massive network of retail thrift stores which operate as nonprofits as well .	Goodwill 's answer to its profit status is `` As a unique hybrid called a social enterprise , we defy traditional distinctions .
Banks is regarded by some as one of the greatest players of all time .	He began playing professional baseball in 1950 with the Kansas City Monarchs in the Negro leagues .
Upon the murder of her husband by another feuding family , she sought to dissuade her sons from revenge .	Rita subsequently joined an Augustinian community of religious sisters , where she was known both for practicing mortification of the flesh and for the efficacy of her prayers .
Services and programs are tailored based on the needs of the individual and the local community .	Easterseals has a network of 75 locations across the nation .
It includes two groups of parasitic flatworms , known as flukes .	They are internal parasites of molluscs and vertebrates .
The grammar is highly reduced and similar to the Romance creoles , and is easily comprehensible and learned .	The language has phonemic spelling , using 22 letters of either the Latin or Cyrillic scripts .
Xochicalco ( ) is a pre-Columbian archaeological site in Miacatlán Municipality in the western part of the Mexican state of Morelos .	The name `` Xochicalco '' may be translated from Nahuatl as `` in the house of Flowers '' .
The Territory had been ceded to the United States in accordance with the Treaty of Paris ( 1783 ) , but the Native Americans ( who had not been party to the treaty ) refused to comply with the treaty and relinquish control .	British army bases were maintained there to support their Native allies .
In early spring it produces many racemes of pea-like yellow flowers .	Other common names include weeping kōwhai and small-leaved kōwhai .
They have become particularly associated with lung diseases such as tuberculosis , and with child welfare .	Christmas seals are regarded as a form of cinderella stamp in contrast with Christmas stamps used for postage .
It ended the Northwest Indian War in the Ohio Country , limited Indian Country to strategic parcels of land to the north and west , and began the practice of annual payments following land concessions .	The parties to the first treaty were a coalition of Native American tribes known as the Western Confederacy , and United States government represented by General Anthony Wayne and local frontiersmen .
On January 27 , 2010 , the company changed its name to Technicolor SA , re-branding the entire company after its American film technology subsidiary .	Thomson 's US subsidiary became Technicolor USA , Inc .
The Pool Malebo is about 35 km ( 22 mi ) long , 23 km ( 14 mi ) wide and 500 km in surface area .	Its central part is occupied by M'Bamou or Bamu Island ( 180 km ) , which is Republic of the Congo territory .
London forces are exhibited by all atoms and molecules .	The electron distribution around an atom or molecule undergoes fluctuations in time .
In the film , an Inuit boy named Kenai pursues a bear in revenge for a battle that he provoked in which his oldest brother Sitka is killed .	He tracks down the bear and kills it , but the Spirits , angered by this needless death , change Kenai into a bear himself as punishment .
In his view , most humans are subject to similar innate impulses but capable of bringing them under rational control .	Lorenz 's explanation for his choice of the English word Mobbing was omitted in the English translation by Marjorie Kerr Wilson .
On any given day , about 8,000 Canadian Armed Forces members Royal Canadian Air Force , Royal Canadian Navy , and Canadian Army ( one-third of the Canadian deployable force ) are preparing for , engaged in or are returning from an overseas mission .	Below is a list of all currently active and past Canadian Armed Forces operations both within Canada 's borders and internationally .
The Villa San Michele was built around the turn of the 19th century on the Isle of Capri , Italy , by the Swedish physician and author Axel Munthe .	The villa 's gardens have panoramic views of the town of Capri and its harbour , the Sorrentine Peninsula , and Mount Vesuvius .
Having sold over 200 million copies worldwide , Juan Gabriel was among Latin America 's best selling singer-songwriters .	His nineteenth studio album , `` Recuerdos , Vol .
The university offers 126 types of bachelor 's degrees , 35 types of master 's degrees , and four types of teaching credentials .	The university does not confer doctoral degrees .
Around 1983 , Naka saw that Sega was looking for programming assistants and decided to apply .	After a brief interview , he began working for Sega in April 1984. and his first project was a game called `` Girl 's Garden '' , which he and Hiroshi Kawaguchi created together as part of their training process .
It is part of Ventura County .	The 14,562 acre ( 58.93 km or 22.753 sq mi ) island is currently controlled by the United States Navy and is used as a weapons testing and training facility , served by Naval Outlying Field San Nicolas Island .
The ( January 25 , 1573 ; Tōtōmi Province , Japan ) was one of the most famous battles of Takeda Shingen 's campaigns , and one of the best demonstrations of his cavalry-based tactics .	It was also one of Tokugawa Ieyasu 's worst defeats , and complete disaster was only narrowly averted .
Under the `` Engishiki '' classification system , Mikawa was ranked as a `` superior country '' ( 上国 ) and a `` near country '' ( 近国 ) in terms of its distance from the capital .	Mikawa is mentioned in records of the Taika Reform dated 645 , as well as various Nara period chronicles , including the Kujiki , although the area has been settled since at least the Japanese Paleolithic period , as evidenced by numerous remains found by archaeologists .
The original Shugo ( governor ) of the province was the Akamatsu clan , with the Bessho clan and Kodera clan as its Shugodai ( deputy governor ) .	The Akamatsu clan were one of the most powerful shugo of the previous Shogunate having at one point being the shugo of 4 separate provinces , however , by this time they had already greatly declined in power , and was but a nominal leader holding together a collapsing coalition of clans in Harima .
Individualist feminism encourages women to take full responsibility for their own lives .	It also opposes any government interference into the choices adults make with their own bodies because , it contends , such interference creates a coercive hierarchy ( such as patriarchy ) .
Mimasaka was landlocked , and was often ruled by the `` daimyō '' in Bizen .	The ancient capital and castle town was Tsuyama .
Until recently scientific knowledge of this rare species was limited to 11 skins collected in the late nineteenth century .	However , recent research has confirmed that it remains in Pakistani Kashmir .
The Takeda vanguard , which included Baba Nobuharu , was hard-pressed .	Shingen himself led up the Takeda main body .
They secrete fluid that partly composes the semen .	The seminal vesicles are a pair of glands that are positioned below the urinary bladder and lateral to the vas deferens .
This massif is bounded on the north and southwest by tributaries of the Bheri River and on the southeast by Myagdi Khola .	Dhaulagiri I is the seventh highest mountain in the world at above sea level , and the highest mountain within the borders of a single country ( Nepal ) .
Nobunaga 's loyal retainer , Toyotomi Hideyoshi was assigned to lead troops into open battle for the first time .	The battle came as a reaction to Oda Nobunaga 's sieges of the castles of Odani and Yokoyama , which belonged to the Azai and Asakura clans .
The first president and CEO was John Podesta , who has served as White House Chief of Staff to U.S. President Bill Clinton and as the chairman of the 2016 presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton .	Podesta remained with the organization as chairman of the board until he joined the Obama White House staff in December 2013 .
John David Podesta Jr. ( born January 8 , 1949 ) is an American political consultant who served as White House Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton from October 20 , 1998 until January 20 , 2001 and as Counselor to President Barack Obama from January 1 , 2014 until February 13 , 2015 .	Before that he served as the White House Staff Secretary and White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations for the Clinton Administration between January 20 , 1993 until October 20 , 1998 .
Tokugawa Ieyasu thus sent Hiraiwa Chikayoshi to kill him .	Nobumoto 's brother , Mizuno Tadashige then went on to take Nobutomo 's place .
After the Meiji Restoration with the abolition of the `` han '' system and `` daimyō '' , the Mōri clan became part of the new nobility .	The founder of the clan , Mōri Suemitsu , was the fourth son of Ōe no Hiromoto .
The fort was built in the Spanish colonial New Spain era , with construction starting in 1565 .	It was expanded several times later .
He was also a puppet ruler controlled by Hōjō Takatoki , who was the Kamakura shogunate 's `` shikken '' or chief minister .	His mother was daughter of Prince Koreyasu who died in 1306 .
Moriyoshi was named by his father as the head abbot of the Enryaku-ji temple on Mount Hiei .	Go-Daigo attempted to seize power in 1331 during the Genkō War .
Saint Lorenzo is patron saint of , among others , the Philippines and the Filipino people .	Lorenzo Ruiz was born in Binondo , Manila , to a Chinese father and a Filipino mother who were both Catholic .
Mōri Terumoto ( 毛利 輝元 , January 22 , 1553 – June 2 , 1625 ) was a Japanese `` daimyō '' .	The son of Mōri Takamoto , and grandson and successor of the great warlord Mōri Motonari , he fought against Toyotomi Hideyoshi but was eventually overcome .
The deposed `` shōgun '' became a Buddhist monk in 1272 .	His priestly name was Gyōshō .
`` Bewitched , Bothered and Bewildered '' is a show tune and popular song from the 1940 Rodgers and Hart musical `` Pal Joey '' .	It is part of the Great American Songbook .
Yoshikiyo was also a very close ally under Uesugi Kenshin and one of Shingen 's bitterest opponents for his high kill-counts in their conflicts .	Before he came into conflict with Takeda he was on good terms with them , Yoshikiyo even sent back Oi Sadataka , their enemies who fled to Yoshikiyo domain to Takeda 's home city of Kōfu as a prisoner , where he was then killed .
At the age of 13 Keegan contracted orthopaedic tuberculosis , which subsequently affected his gait .	The long-term effects of his tuberculosis rendered him unfit for military service , and the timing of his birth made him too young for service in the Second World War , facts he mentioned in his works as an ironic observation on his profession and interests .
Later that year , he was drafted into the Imperial Army and assigned to the 72nd Infantry of the 23rd Brigade of the 23rd Division as a private second class .	He was demobilised following Japan 's surrender with the rank of officer candidate .
Labna ( or Labná in Spanish orthography ) is a Mesoamerican archaeological site and ceremonial center of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization , located in the Puuc Hills region of the Yucatán Peninsula .	It is situated to the south of the large Maya site of Uxmal , in the southwest of the present-day state of Yucatán , Mexico .
Gustavo A. Madero is one of the 16 municipalities into which Mexico City is divided .	Founded as `` Villa de Guadalupe '' in 1563 , it became the city of `` Villa de Guadalupe Hidalgo '' in 1828 , and finally a `` delegación '' in 1931 .
Nagashima , in Owari Province along Japan 's Pacific coast , was the location of a string of river island fortresses and defensive works controlled by the Ikkō-ikki , which surrounded their Ganshō-ji monastery and which included Nagashima Castle , which they had captured previously .	Oda Nobunaga attacked three times over the course of four years , before finally destroying the entire Nagashima complex .
al-Andalus ( , trans .	; ; ; ; Berber : `` Andalus '' ) , also known as Muslim Spain , Muslim Iberia , or Islamic Iberia , was a medieval Muslim territory and cultural domain that in its early period occupied most of Iberia , today 's Portugal and Spain .
He joined the Yomiuri Giants in 1958 .	His jersey number ( 3 ) is now a retired number for the Yomiuri Giants .
The took place in 1575 near Nagashino Castle on the plain of Shitarabara in the Mikawa Province of Japan .	Takeda Katsuyori attacked the castle when Okudaira Sadamasa rejoined the Tokugawa , and when his original plot with Oga Yashiro for taking Okazaki Castle , the capital of Mikawa , was discovered .
The southern flying squirrel or the assapan ( `` Glaucomys volans '' ) is one of three species of the genus `` Glaucomys '' , the only flying squirrels found in North America .	It is found in deciduous and mixed woods in the eastern half of North America , from southeastern Canada , to Florida .
The castle came under the control of Tokugawa Ieyasu in 1573 , who placed former Takeda vassal Okudaira Sadamasa in control .	Following skirmishes with the increasingly bellicose Takeda clan to the north , the castle ’ s defenses were strengthened .
The order was established to reward individual instances of meritorious or distinguished service in war .	It was a military order , until recently for officers only , and
Although the ancient capital of the province was Shimonoseki , Hagi was the seat of the Chōshū `` han '' ( fief or domain ) during the Edo period .	Nagato was ruled by the Mōri clan before and after the Battle of Sekigahara .
It was located near the site of the later Ninomaru residence .	Oda Nobuhide seized it from Imagawa Ujitoyo in March 1532 ( Kyōroku 5 ) , residing there and changing the name to Nagoya Castle .
All Betacam variants from ( plain ) analog recording Betacam to Betacam SP and digital recording Digital Betacam ( and additionally , HDCAM & HDCAM SR ) , use the same shape videocassettes , meaning vaults and other storage facilities do not have to be changed when upgrading to a new format .	The cassettes are available in two sizes : S ( for Short ) and L ( for Long ) .
He generally alternated in power with the centrist Santiago Méndez , who was more in favor of union with Mexico but was driven to declare independence by the excesses of Mexican dictator Antonio López de Santa Anna .	The final reunification was due to the crisis of the Caste War of Yucatán .
Having displayed an early aptitude for Western learning , after studies at the domain academy , Nakae was selected to study French and Dutch at Nagasaki and Edo .	Later , he worked as a translator for the French minister to Japan , Léon Roches .
The northern flying squirrel ( `` Glaucomys sabrinus '' ) is one of three species of the genus `` Glaucomys '' , the only flying squirrels found in North America .	They are found in coniferous and mixed coniferous forests across much of Canada , from Alaska to Nova Scotia , and south to the mountains of North Carolina and west to Utah , Washington , and Oregon in the United States .
He was noted for his honesty , and gained no personal fortune from his years in governmental power .	Santiago Méndez was more in favor of union with Mexico than Barbachano , but twice presided over Yucatán declaring its independence , due to frustration with Mexican dictator Antonio López de Santa Anna .
Stanley Grauman Weinbaum ( April 4 , 1902 – December 14 , 1935 ) was an American science fiction writer .	His first story , `` A Martian Odyssey '' , was published to great acclaim in July 1934 , but he died from lung cancer less than a year and a half later .
However , he soon came into conflict with the party 's leadership , and became an outspoken critic of the Fourth Labour Government 's free-market reforms , called Rogernomics .	In April 1989 , believing that Labour was beyond change , Anderton resigned from the party .
The Order consists of the Sovereign and sixteen Knights and Ladies , as well as certain `` extra '' knights ( members of the British Royal Family and foreign monarchs ) .	The Sovereign alone grants membership of the Order ; he or she is not advised by the Government , as occurs with most other Orders .
After completing his B.A .	and master 's degrees in mathematics , he was drafted into the army for World War II and served as an instructor in California .
At first , Hidemasa and Kiyohide served Nobunaga .	They served Hashiba Hideyoshi after Nobunaga died .
The Loved One : An Anglo-American Tragedy ( 1948 ) is a short , satirical novel by British novelist Evelyn Waugh about the funeral business in Los Angeles , the British expatriate community in Hollywood , and the film industry .	`` The Loved One '' was written as a result of Evelyn Waugh 's trip to Hollywood in February and March 1947 .
Over 100 influential people were victims of the purge .	Men were forced out of positions within the bakufu , or from han leadership or from the Imperial Court in Kyoto .
His brothers-uterine were Crown Prince Tsunenaga and Emperor Go-Murakami .	On 17 November 1336 Prince Narinaga became Crown Prince to Emperor Kōmyō .
They reject religious innovation or bid'ah , and support the implementation of sharia ( Islamic law ) .	The movement is often divided into three categories : the largest group are the purists ( or quietists ) , who avoid politics ; the second largest group are the activists , who get involved in politics ; the third group are the jihadists , who form a minority and advocate armed struggle .
Lester Dent ( October 12 , 1904 – March 11 , 1959 ) was an American pulp-fiction author , best known as the creator and main author of the series of novels about the scientist and adventurer Doc Savage .	The 159 novels written over 16 years were credited to the house name Kenneth Robeson .
He was also a noted artist and executed several works of early colonial life in New Zealand .	Born in England , Heaphy joined the New Zealand Company in 1839 .
Some different types of integration testing are big-bang , mixed ( sandwich ) , risky-hardest , top-down , and bottom-up .	Other Integration Patterns are : collaboration integration , backbone integration , layer integration , client-server integration , distributed services integration and high-frequency integration .
Little People is a for children ages 6–36 months and to ages 3 and up , originally produced by Fisher-Price , Inc. in the 1960s as the Play Family People .	The current product line consists of playsets , mini-sets and accessories , books , CDs , VHS tapes , music cassette tapes , and DVDs focusing on various configurations of nine characters named Eddie , Sarah Lynn , Maggie , Michael , Sonya Lee , Tessa , Mia , Koby and Sofie .
He was raised in a conservative family , and his maternal grandfather , William Bartz , was a Republican county treasurer for 30 years .	Stockman was educated at public schools in Stevensville , Michigan .
His parents were Jewish emigrants who fled Odessa ( then part of the Russian Empire ) and emigrated to America to escape religious persecution .	His paternal and maternal grandfathers had both been rabbis but his own parents were not religious .
He studied law at Leuven , Bourges , Heidelberg and Padua , and traveled in France and Italy before settling in The Hague .	He supported William the Silent in his revolt against Spain , and fought in William 's army .
She was the elder daughter of Baldwin IX , Count of Flanders and Hainaut , and Marie of Champagne .	Orphaned during the Fourth Crusade , Joan was raised in Paris under the tutelage of King Philip II of France .
It is a distinctive waterfowl , in length with a wingspan of .	It has orange-brown body plumage with a paler head , while the tail and the flight feathers in the wings are black , contrasting with the white wing-coverts .
The Scotland Act 1998 gives the Scottish Parliament legislative control over all education matters , and the Education ( Scotland ) Act 1980 is the principal legislation governing education in Scotland .	Traditionally , the Scottish system at secondary school level has emphasised breadth across a range of subjects , while the English , Welsh and Northern Irish systems have emphasised greater depth of education over a smaller range of subjects .
And additional 10 % attend schools which had a significant portion of the curriculum is bilingual .	The study of the Welsh language is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education .
Education in Northern Ireland differs from systems used elsewhere in the : United Kingdom , although it is relatively similar to Wales .	A child 's age on 1 July determines the point of entry into the relevant stage of education , unlike England and Wales where it is 1 September .
Italy 's home matches are played at various stadiums throughout Italy , and have their primary training ground located at the FIGC headquarters in Coverciano , Florence .	Italy is one of the most successful national teams in the history of the World Cup , having won four titles ( 1934 , 1938 , 1982 , 2006 ) and appearing in two other finals ( 1970 , 1994 ) , reaching a third place ( 1990 ) and a fourth place ( 1978 ) .
Following the first season in 2000 , production on `` The Gavin Crawford Show '' was temporarily interrupted by Crawford 's participation in the short-lived American sketch comedy series `` Hype '' , but resumed when Crawford returned to Canada after `` Hype '' 's cancellation , having two further seasons and producing 26 episodes altogether .	The show starred comedian Gavin Crawford , along with an ensemble cast of supporting performers including Tracy Dawson , Marypat Farrell , Cathy Gordon-Marsh , Jennifer Irwin , Griffin Malcolm , Doug Morency , Christen Nelson , Lisa Brooke and Panou .
Paul Truong ( born June 2 , 1965 ) is an American chess player , trainer , promoter , and organizer .	He was born Hoainhan Truong in Saigon , South Vietnam .
His father , Czeslaw Janiszewski , was a graduate of the University of Warsaw and was an important person in finance , being the director of the Société du Crédit Municipal in Warsaw .	Janiszewski taught at the University of Lwów and was professor at the University of Warsaw .
Its capital was Yingqiu , located within present-day Zibo in Shandong .	Qi was founded shortly after the Zhou overthrow of Shang in the 11th century .
Those with such visitors are mainly cathedrals , chapels , schools , colleges , universities , and hospitals .	Many visitors hold their role `` ex officio '' , by serving as the British sovereign , the Archbishop of Canterbury , the Lord Chancellor , the Lord President of the Council , the Lord Chief Justice , or the bishop of a particular diocese .
His main area of interest was harmonic analysis .	Born in Warsaw , Zygmund obtained his Ph.D. from Warsaw University ( 1923 ) and became a professor at Stefan Batory University at Wilno ( 1930–39 ) .
Dahlberg 's direct source of inspiration was the topographical publications issued by the Swiss publisher Matthäus Merian .	In 1661 Dahlberg was granted a royal privilege enabling him to realize his plans , which kept him occupied for a good decade , and a work that would not be printed until after his death .
His main interest was topology .	Borsuk introduced the theory of `` absolute retracts '' ( ARs ) and `` absolute neighborhood retracts '' ( ANRs ) , and the cohomotopy groups , later called Borsuk–Spanier cohomotopy groups .
It opened in 1851 as the Pioneer School by Dutch immigrants four years after the community was first settled .	The first freshman college class matriculated in 1862 and Hope received its state charter in 1866 .
Samuel Dickstein ( May 12 , 1851 – September 28 , 1939 ) was a Polish mathematician of Jewish origin .	He was one of the founders of the Jewish party `` Zjednoczenie '' ( `` the union '' ) , which advocated the assimilation of Polish Jews .
Francis Willughby ( sometimes spelt Willoughby ) ( 22 November 1635 – 3 July 1672 ) was an English ornithologist and ichthyologist .	He was a student , friend and colleague of the naturalist John Ray at Cambridge University , and shared some of his expeditions and interests .
Ernest Thomas Sinton Walton ( 6 October 1903 – 25 June 1995 ) was an Irish physicist and Nobel laureate for his work with John Cockcroft with `` atom-smashing '' experiments done at Cambridge University in the early 1930s , and so became the first person in history to split the atom .	Ernest Walton was born in Abbeyside , Dungarvan , County Waterford to a Methodist minister father , Rev John Walton ( 1874–1936 ) and Anna Sinton ( 1874–1906 ) .
His thesis advisor was Karol Borsuk .	His main interest was algebraic topology .
The university , founded by Duke Philippe le Bon of Burgundy in 1422 , was also transferred to Besançon at that time .	In January 1573 , Gilles Garnier was put to death after being found guilty of lycanthropy and witchcraft .
It is near Starigrad , northern Dalmatia , on the southern slopes of Velebit mountain , not far from Zadar .	It contains two canyons , Mala ( Small ) and Velika ( Big ) Paklenica .
The name of the archipelago is the plural form of the name of the largest island , called Kornat .	There are no permanent settlements in Kornati .
Since the Ulster Democratic Party 's dissolution in 2001 , the PUP has been the sole party in Northern Ireland representing paramilitary loyalism .	The party was founded by Hugh Smyth in the mid-1970s as the `` Independent Unionist Group '' .
Jean-Édouard Vuillard was born on 11 November 1868 in Cuiseaux ( Saône-et-Loire ) , where he spent his youth ; in 1878 his family moved to Paris .	Vuillard 's father , a retired army captain , was 27 years older than his mother Marie Vuillard ( née Michaud ) .
Józef Marcinkiewicz ( ; March 30 , 1910 in Cimoszka , near Białystok , Poland ) – 1940 in Katyn , USSR was a Polish mathematician .	He was a student of Antoni Zygmund ; and later worked with Juliusz Schauder , and Stefan Kaczmarz .
Born in Denton , Texas , Haynes graduated from Lincoln High School in Dallas in 1956 .	He played college football at North Texas State College in Denton ( now the University of North Texas ) where he and his then teammate Leon King integrated college football in the state of Texas in 1956 .
The Northern Ireland Unionist Party ( NIUP ) was a small political party in Northern Ireland .	It was formed in January 1999 as a splinter party from the UK Unionist Party ( UKUP ) .
Bonnard has been described as `` the most thoroughly idiosyncratic of all the great twentieth-century painters '' , and the unusual vantage points of his compositions rely less on traditional modes of pictorial structure than voluptuous color , poetic allusions and visual wit .	Identified as a late practitioner of Impressionism in the early 20thcentury , he has since been recognized for his unique use of color and his complex imagery .
The Northern Ireland Assembly uses the D'Hondt system , with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone , and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments .	Party affiliation is generally based on religious and ethnic background .
4 '' ) and received numerous other awards .	Hanson was born in Wahoo , Nebraska , to Swedish immigrant parents , Hans and Hilma ( née Eckstrom ) Hanson .
Bonnie Dundee is the title of a poem and a song written by Walter Scott in 1825 in honour of John Graham , 7th Laird of Claverhouse , who was created 1st Viscount Dundee in November 1688 , then in 1689 led a Jacobite rising in which he died , becoming a Jacobite hero .	The older tune `` Bonny Dundee '' adapted by Scott had already been used for several songs appearing under variations of that title and referring to the bonnie town of Dundee rather than to Claverhouse .
Cartan studied at the Lycée Hoche in Versailles , then at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris , receiving his doctorate in mathematics .	He taught at the University of Strasbourg from November 1931 until the outbreak of the Second World War , after which he held academic positions at a number of other French universities , spending the bulk of his working life in Paris .
He became a lecturer at Cambridge in 1937 .	He remained at Cambridge for the rest of his working life .
`` If you know of works set in the Middle Republic , please expand this section . ''	Books about early Christians or the Christ include :
She also has a home in Zurich .	She was a lecturer in English literature for the University of Maryland University College – Europe ( UMUC-Europe ) in Italy and then worked as a professor from 1981 to 1999 at the American military base of Vicenza , Italy .
Schenkenberg , best known for his Calvin Klein advertisements in the early 1990s , is also an actor , singer , writer , and TV personality .	He has been modelling for 20 years .
The method is largely due to the work of Lev Pontryagin and Richard Bellman in the 1950s , after contributions to calculus of variations by Edward J. McShane .	Optimal control can be seen as a control strategy in control theory .
A foundation degree is a combined academic and vocational qualification in higher education , equivalent to two thirds of an honours bachelor 's degree , introduced by the government of the United Kingdom in September 2001 .	Foundation degrees are available in England , Wales and Northern Ireland , offered by universities , by colleges that have their own foundation degree awarding powers , and by colleges and employers running courses validated by universities .
The Australian Republic Movement ( ARM ) is a non-partisan member-based organisation campaigning for Australia to become an independent republic with an Australian as head of state .	Australian constitutional law has provided since Federation in 1901 that the monarch of the United Kingdom is also the monarch of Australia .
Hercules was one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy , and it remains one of the 88 modern constellations today .	It is the fifth largest of the modern constellations .
Cleary first came to notice as a prominent player and coach in Victoria 's second-level Australian rules football competition , the Victorian Football Association , for the Coburg Football Club .	He debuted with the club in 1975 , playing 205 games - second only to Dave Starbuck in Coburg club history - and kicking 317 goals .
Depending on the oxygen content , it can either be described as a ceramic or alloy .	Indium tin oxide is typically encountered as an oxygen-saturated composition with a formulation of 74 % In , 18 % O , and 8 % Sn by weight .
The Spanish brought the seeds of Kentucky bluegrass to the New World in mixtures with other grasses .	`` Poa pratensis '' forms a valuable pasture plant , characteristic of well-drained , fertile soil .
He memorized the designs of textile factory machinery as an apprentice to a pioneer in the British industry before migrating to the United States at the age of 21 .	He designed the first textile mills in the US and later went into business for himself , developing a family business with his sons .
Matthias Maute ( born 1963 ) is a virtuoso recorder player and composer .	Maute was born in Ebingen , Germany and studied in Freiburg and Utrecht with Baldrick Deerenberg and Marion Verbruggen .
In 1600 he was appointed the first professor of mathematics at the Engineering School , Duytsche Mathematique , established by Prince Maurice of Orange at the relatively new Leiden University .	He shared this professorial level at the school with the surveyor and cartographer , , which shows that the intention was to promote practical , rather than theoretical instruction .
It performed its maiden flight on 22 May 1946 and was introduced to operational service that same year .	During the late 1940s and 1950s , the Chipmunk was procured in large numbers by military air services such as the Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) , Royal Air Force ( RAF ) , and several other nations ' air forces , where it was often utilised as their standard primary trainer aircraft .
The presumed origin of the rank of lance corporal derives from an amalgamation of `` corporal '' from the Italian phrase `` capo corporale '' ( `` head of the body '' ) with the now-archaic `` lancepesade '' , which in turn derives from the Italian `` lancia spezzata '' , which literally means `` broken lance '' or `` broken spear '' , formerly a non-commissioned officer of the lowest rank .	It can be translated as `` one who has broken a lance in combat '' , and is therefore a leader .
The bar is a metric unit of pressure , but is not approved as part of the International System of Units ( SI ) .	It is defined as exactly equal to 100,000 Pa , which is slightly less than the current average atmospheric pressure on Earth at sea level .
( 2007 ) .	The genera `` Melursus '' and `` Helarctos '' are sometimes also included in `` Ursus '' .
He studied at the University of Warsaw , together with Zygmunt Janiszewski , Stefan Mazurkiewicz , Wacław Sierpiński , Kazimierz Kuratowski , and Stanisław Saks .	During World War II , Zarankiewicz took part in illegal teaching , forbidden by the German authorities , and eventually was sent to a concentration camp .
An enhanced version of the game was released on mobile platforms in 2011 , for the game 's tenth anniversary .	It is the fifth title in the `` Grand Theft Auto '' series , and the first main entry since 1999 's `` Grand Theft Auto 2 '' .
Dorothy Ruth Hoogstraten ( February 28 , 1960 – August 14 , 1980 ) , who took the professional name Dorothy Stratten , was a Canadian Playboy Playmate , model , and actress .	Stratten was the `` Playboy '' Playmate of the Month for August 1979 and Playmate of the Year in 1980 .
Although he was the second son , Theobald was appointed above his older brother William .	Several historians have painted William as mentally deficient , but this has never been substantiated .
In 1915 he graduated from a local gymnasium and joined the newly recreated Warsaw University .	In 1922 he received a doctorate of his `` alma mater '' with a prestigious award `` Cum Maxima Laude '' .
To keep the results from being lost , and after becoming annoyed with their writing directly on the table tops , Stefan Banach 's wife provided the mathematicians with a large notebook , which was used for writing the problems and answers and eventually became known as the `` Scottish Book '' .	The book—a collection of solved , unsolved , and even probably unsolvable problems—could be borrowed by any of the guests of the café .
The word is a portmanteau of car and hijacking .	The term was coined by EJ Mitchell , an editor with `` The Detroit News '' .
The Atlantic City–Brigantine Connector , also known as the Atlantic City Expressway Connector or simply the Brigantine Connector , is a highway connector in Atlantic City , New Jersey .	It connects the Atlantic City Expressway with Route 87 and the Brigantine Bridge , which lead into Brigantine , a beach resort along the Atlantic Ocean .
The name was originally a shortened form of `` British '' , `` Britain '' , or `` Britannia '' ( in the early days the awards were sponsored by Britannia Music Club ) , but subsequently became a backronym for British Record Industry Trusts Show .	In addition , an equivalent awards ceremony for classical music , called the Classic BRIT Awards , is held in the month of May .
The avenue is called Union Square East between 14th and 17th Streets , and Park Avenue South between 17th and 32nd Streets .	Park Avenue was originally known as Fourth Avenue and carried the tracks of the New York and Harlem Railroad starting in the 1830s .
Route 172 is long , serving as a connector from an interchange with Route 18 to an intersection with County Route 527 .	The highway was assigned in the 1950s , when nearby Route 18 was realigned onto a new freeway over Burnet Street in New Brunswick .
Degree abbreviations are used as an alternative way to specify an academic degree instead of spelling out the title in full , such as in reference books such as `` Who 's Who '' and on business cards .	Many degree titles have more than one possible abbreviation , with the abbreviation used varying between different universities .
An interpleader action originates when the plaintiff holds property on behalf of another , but does not know to whom the property should be transferred .	It is often used to resolve disputes arising under insurance contracts .
Heating the water before adding the sugar allows more sugar to dissolve thus producing larger crystals .	Crystals form after 6–7 days .
Route 173 is a state highway in New Jersey , United States that is a designation for an old section of U.S. Route 22 .	The route runs from Interstate 78 and U.S. Route 22 in Greenwich Township , Warren County to County Route 626 ( Beaver Avenue ) in Clinton Township , Hunterdon County , just east of an interchange with Route 31 .
The series aired on PBS from January 29 , 1989 until June 11 , 1993 , and then continued on the network in reruns until June 11 , 1998 .	It aired on Fox Family from 1998 to 1999 .
The surgery involves the removal of excess skin and fat from the middle and lower abdomen in order to tighten the muscle and fascia of the abdominal wall .	This type of surgery is usually sought by patients with loose or sagging tissues after pregnancy or major weight loss .
Ferdinand Freiligrath ( 17 June 1810 – 18 March 1876 ) was a German poet , translator and liberal agitator , who is considered part of the Young Germany movement .	Freiligrath was born in Detmold , Principality of Lippe .
Shane Patrick Lysaght MacGowan ( born 25 December 1957 ) is an English-born Irish vocalist and recording artist , best known as the lead singer and songwriter of punk band the Pogues .	He was also a member of the Nipple Erectors and Shane MacGowan and the Popes , as well as producing his own solo material and working on collaborations with artists such as Kirsty MacColl , Joe Strummer , Nick Cave , Steve Earle , Sinéad O'Connor , and Ronnie Drew .
Dionysius I Telmaharoyo ( Latin : `` Dionysius Telmaharensis '' , Syriac : ܕܝܘܢܢܘܣܝܘܣ ܬܠܡܚܪܝܐ , Arabic : مار ديونيسيوس التلمحري ) , also known as Dionysius of Tel Mahre , was the Patriarch of Antioch , and head of the Syriac Orthodox Church from 818 until his death in 845 .	Dionysius was born in Tal Mahre , near the city of Raqqa , into a wealthy family from Edessa , and became a monk at the Monastery of Qinnasrin , where he studied philology , jurisprudence , philosophy , and theology .
An international co-production between the United Kingdom , Switzerland , Panama and the United States , the film stars an ensemble cast featuring Marlon Brando , Gene Hackman , Christopher Reeve , Jeff East , Margot Kidder , Glenn Ford , Phyllis Thaxter , Jackie Cooper , Trevor Howard , Marc McClure , Terence Stamp , Valerie Perrine , Ned Beatty , Jack O'Halloran , Maria Schell , and Sarah Douglas .	It depicts Superman 's origin , including his infancy as Kal-El of Krypton and his youthful years in the rural town of Smallville .
The heat death of the universe is a plausible ultimate fate of the universe in which the universe has evolved to a state of no thermodynamic free energy and therefore can no longer sustain processes that increase entropy .	Heat death does not imply any particular absolute temperature ; it only requires that temperature differences or other processes may no longer be exploited to perform work .
He was a beneficiary of suppression of the monasteries , and a persecutor and torturer of those opposed to the officially established Church of England .	According to some sources , Rich was born in the London parish of St Lawrence Jewry , the second son of Richard Rich by Joan Dingley .
If a negative-temperature system and a positive-temperature system come in contact , heat will flow from the negative- to the positive-temperature system .	A standard example of such a system is population inversion in laser physics .
After the death of his `` CODCO '' co-star Tommy Sexton in 1993 , he devoted some years of his life to raising awareness of HIV and AIDS , including writing , directing and appearing in a training film for health care professionals .	He also directed a docudrama film , `` The Untold Story of the Suffragists of Newfoundland '' , in which he appeared as Sir Richard Squires , and acted in the films `` Rare Birds '' , `` Extraordinary Visitor '' , `` Messiah from Montreal '' and `` Heyday ! `` .
The majority of fantasy hockey pools are based on the teams and players of the ice hockey National Hockey League ( NHL ) .	A typical fantasy hockey league or hockey pool has 8 - 12 teams but often have as many as 20 .
It represents directors and members of the directorial team ( assistant directors , unit production managers , stage managers , associate directors , production associates , and location managers ( in New York and Chicago ) ) ; that representation includes all sorts of media , such as film , television , documentaries , news , sports , commercials and new media .	The guild has various training programs whereby successful applicants are placed in various productions and can gain experience working in the film or television industry .
The album was recorded at Battery Studios in London , and at The Warehouse Studio in Vancouver , mixed at Mayfair Studios in London , and mastered by Bob Ludwig at Masterdisk in New York City .	The album reached the number one position on the album charts of at least eight countries .
Born in Los Angeles on May 9 , 1968 , Wilson received his degree in music composition from Bennington College .	His first major breakthrough was as lead guitarist of the group , Storm in 1980 .
In `` The Empire Strikes Back '' , Bespin 's floating city Cloud City hovers suspended by an anti-gravity pod .	The planet is a gas giant that is about in diameter .
Quickdraws are manufactured with either a solid carabiner gate or a wire carabiner gate for its lighter weight .	A quickdraw is a specific type of runner .
Later in his childhood the family moved to Bolton , Lancashire , where he attended Bolton County Grammar School .	He left formal education with two 'O ' Levels , one in Mathematics and one in Geography .
It is most famous for the many polar bears that move toward the shore from inland in the autumn , leading to the nickname `` Polar Bear Capital of the World '' that has helped its growing tourism industry .	Churchill is along the Hudson Bay at the mouth of the Churchill river on the 58th parallel north far above most Canadian populated areas .
Messner grew up in Waldron , Kansas , on the Kansas-Oklahoma border .	He founded Messner Construction in Andover , Kansas , and began building churches .
It was first shown to be associated with obesity in chickens by Dr. Nikhil Dhurandhar .	AD-36 infection can induce cellular differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes and stem cells derived from human adipose tissue .
Loy entered the United States Coast Guard Academy in 1960 .	Subsequently , he earned master 's degrees in history and government from Wesleyan University , and in Public Administration from University of Rhode Island .
Its chief liability was a lack of precision and the difficulty of using it in close combat , or closely ranked formations .	The longer cylindrical-headed flail is a hand weapon derived from the agricultural tool of the same name , commonly used in threshing .
Nakhon Pathom ( , ) is one of the central provinces ( `` changwat '' ) of Thailand .	Neighbouring provinces are ( from north clockwise ) Suphan Buri , Ayutthaya , Nonthaburi , Bangkok , Samut Sakhon , Ratchaburi , and Kanchanaburi .
The Himalayan Trust is an international non-profit humanitarian organisation first established in the 1960s by Sir Edmund Hillary , who led the trust until his death in 2008 .	The Himalayan Trust aims to improve the health , education and general wellbeing of people living in the Solukhumbu district .
Swatch Internet Time ( or .beat time ) is a decimal time concept introduced in 1998 by the Swatch corporation as part of their marketing campaign for their line of `` Beat '' watches .	Instead of hours and minutes , the mean solar day is divided into 1000 parts called `` .beats '' .
Charles Anthony Raven Crosland ( 29 August 1918 – 19 February 1977 ) , also known as Tony Crosland or C. A. R. Crosland , was a British Labour Party politician and author .	He served as Member of Parliament for South Gloucestershire ( 1950–55 ) and later for Great Grimsby ( 1959–77 ) .
In the First Circle ( , `` V krúge pérvom '' ; also published as The First Circle ) is a novel by Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn , released in 1968 .	A more complete version of the book was published in English in 2009 .
Pictures of the park , including the water park called Heritage Island , remain accessible online .	Since its closure in 1989 , projects have been constructed on the land it once occupied , portions of which have been sold to several companies .
The festival is remembered for the first major American appearances by the Jimi Hendrix Experience , the Who and Ravi Shankar , the first large-scale public performance of Janis Joplin and the introduction of Otis Redding to a mass American audience .	The Monterey Pop Festival embodied the theme of California as a focal point for the counterculture and is generally regarded as one of the beginnings of the `` Summer of Love '' in 1967 ; the first rock festival had been held just one week earlier at Mount Tamalpais in Marin County , the KFRC Fantasy Fair and Magic Mountain Music Festival .
This article introduced the formal notion of the enemy of workers : those subject to articles 58-2 — 58-13 ( those under 58-1 were `` traitors '' , 58-14 were `` saboteurs '' ) .	Penal codes of other republics of the Soviet Union also had articles of similar nature .
It was founded in Washington , D.C. by Barry Commoner , who wanted to gather under one banner once-again a nationwide political organization of all the progressive , environmentalist and liberal groups , many of which were unsatisfied with President Carter 's administration , for the first time since the dissolution of the national Progressive Party in the 1960s .	The Citizens Party registered with the Federal Elections Commission at the end of 1979 .
His literary achievements , though few in number , are generally held in great esteem in Germany and it is widely believed that , had it not been for his early death , he might have joined such central German literary figures as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller at the summit of their profession .	Born in Goddelau ( now part of Riedstadt ) in the Grand Duchy of Hesse as the son of a physician , Büchner attended the Darmstadt gymnasium , a humanistic secondary school .
Large format is larger than `` medium format '' , the 6×6 cm ( 2¼×2¼ inch ) or 6×9 cm ( 2¼×3½ inch ) size of Hasselblad , Rollei , Kowa , and Pentax cameras ( using 120- and 220-roll film ) , and much larger than the 24×36 mm ( 0.95×1.42 inch ) frame of 35 mm format .	The main advantage of large format , film or digital , is a higher resolution at the same pixel pitch , or the same resolution with larger pixels or grains .
Three important preachers of the times were Gilbert Tennent ( 1703–65 ) , Jonathan Edwards ( 1703–58 ) , and George Whitefield ( 1714–70 ) .	The Separate Baptists are most directly connected to Whitefield 's influence .
Bruno Latour ( ; ; born 22 June 1947 ) is a French philosopher , anthropologist and sociologist .	He is especially known for his work in the field of science and technology studies ( STS ) .
The company was wound down by its then owner , ITV plc , on 26 October 2009 .	It was mainly known for its series `` Danger Mouse '' and `` Count Duckula '' .
Gutzkow was born of an extremely poor family , not proletarian , but of the lowest and most menial branch of state employees .	His father held a clerkship in the war office in Berlin , and was pietistic and puritanical in his outlook and demands .
It is located within the Khumbu area at at its low point , populating the sides of a hill .	Most Sherpa who are in the tourism business are from the Namche area .
He lived at Bologna in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , and was the brother of Obadiah Sforno , who mentions him in the introduction to his commentary on the Pentateuch .	Obadiah also writes that Hananeel was a financier , and at one point , supported Obadiah financially .
The programme was based around the young boy of the title and his torch .	When shone on the floor , the torch opened up a hole into a fun dimension called Cuckoo Land .
Saint Serf is connected with Saint Mungo 's Church near Simonburn , Northumberland ( off the Bellingham Road , north of Chollerford ) .	His feast day is 1 July .
Union Baptists trace their origin to the American Civil War , or war between the northern and southern United States .	Baptist churches and associations , especially in border states , were rent asunder by this national conflict .
After briefly working on a children 's touring theatre show , he landed his first television role in the drama series `` Police Surgeon '' .	Sexton and colleague Diane Olsen subsequently wrote `` Cod on a Stick '' , a comedic play which launched CODCO .
Its sister paper , the Sunday Express , was launched in 1918 .	In December 2016 , it had an average daily circulation of 391,626 .
Sometimes associated with `` stock ale '' or , archaically , `` keeping ale '' , in which the beer is held at the brewery .	Historically , old ales served as a complement to mild ales , and in pubs of the era typically the landlord would serve the customer a blend of the sharper stock ale with the fruitier , sweeter mild ale to the customer 's taste .
But the strict discipline was distasteful ; he broke the rules and was expelled in 1836 .	He studied law for a short time , but decided to return to Stuttgart , and became editor of August Lewald 's periodical `` Europa '' .
Mage Knight is a miniatures wargame using collectible figures , created by WizKids , Inc , and is the earliest example of what is now known as a Collectible Miniatures Game .	The game was designed by founder Jordan Weisman along with Kevin Barrett .
Brown ale is a style of beer with a dark amber or brown colour .	The term was first used by London brewers in the late 17th century to describe their products , such as mild ale , though the term had a rather different meaning today .
His success came primarily by a series of popular sociopolitical works , known as the `` Inside '' books ( 1936–1972 ) , including the best-selling `` Inside U.S.A. '' in 1947 .	However , he is now best known for his memoir `` Death Be Not Proud '' , on the death of his beloved teenage son , Johnny Gunther , from a brain tumor .
The company was founded in 2000 by Jordan Weisman , a veteran of the game company FASA .	It was purchased by sports-card manufacturer Topps , Inc. in 2003 .
Fields of wild grass and brush now grow where the homes of evacuated residents formerly stood .	Deserted streets line the park and hint at what once was a resort community in west Saint Louis County .
Death Be Not Proud is a 1949 memoir by American author John Gunther , taking its name from by John Donne .	The story was portrayed in a 1975 TV movie starring Robby Benson as Johnny Gunther and Arthur Hill as John Gunther .
He wrote many historical plays conceiving a disillusioned and pessimistic world view , with some shrill scenes .	Heinrich Heine saw him as one of Germany 's foremost dramatists , calling him `` a drunken Shakespeare '' .
The number and characteristics of these phenol structures underlie the unique physical , chemical , and biological ( metabolic , toxic , therapeutic , etc . )	properties of particular members of the class .
Ian Wallace was the pen name of American science-fiction author John Wallace Pritchard ( 1912–1998 ) .	Ian Wallace was born in Chicago , Illinois but spent most of his life living in and around Detroit , Michigan .
Karyai had a famous temple dedicated to the goddess Artemis in her aspect of Artemis Karyatis : `` As Karyatis she rejoiced in the dances of the nut-tree village of Karyai , those Karyatides , who in their ecstatic round-dance carried on their heads baskets of live reeds , as if they were dancing plants '' .	An atlas is a male version of a caryatid , i.e .
It is the beer traditionally served at Oktoberfest .	`` Märzen '' ( or alternatively `` Maerzen '' ) has its origins in Bavaria , probably before the 16th century .
The Untouchables is an American crime drama that ran from 1959 to 1963 on the ABC Television Network , produced by Desilu Productions .	Based on the memoir of the same name by Eliot Ness and Oscar Fraley , it fictionalized Ness 's experiences as a Prohibition agent , fighting crime in Chicago in the 1930s with the help of a special team of agents handpicked for their courage , moral character , and incorruptibility , nicknamed the Untouchables .
In the opening stages of the attack , known as The Crossing ( العبور ; `` al-'obour '' ) , combat engineers used water cannons to rapidly clear numerous passages through the sand wall lining the east bank of the canal , laid bridges and operated ferries , allowing armor to cross .	Egyptian infantry assaulted the Bar-Lev fortifications and were counterattacked by Israeli armor and infantry .
The album was recorded from 1996 to 1997 in both Ocean Way and the Olympic Studios .	The release of `` Pilgrim '' marked Clapton 's first album of all-new original studio material since 1989 's `` Journeyman '' album .
The Hatfields of West Virginia were led by William Anderson `` Devil Anse '' Hatfield while the McCoys of Kentucky were under the leadership of Randolph `` Ole Ran'l '' McCoy .	Those involved in the feud were descended from Ephraim Hatfield ( born 1765 ) and William McCoy ( born 1750 ) .
It comprises ten illustrated and rhymed stories , mostly about children .	Each has a clear moral that demonstrates the disastrous consequences of misbehavior in an exaggerated way .
Each group compiled a system of pronunciation and grammatical guides in the form of diacritical notes ( `` niqqud '' ) on the external form of the biblical text in an attempt to standardize the pronunciation , paragraph and verse divisions and cantillation of the Jewish Bible , the Tanakh , for the worldwide Jewish community .	The ben Asher family of Masoretes was largely responsible for the preservation and production of the Masoretic Text , although an alternative Masoretic text of the ben Naphtali Masoretes , which has around 875 differences from the ben Asher text , existed .
The clan 's first recognised chief , Donnchaidh `` Reamhar '' , `` Stout Duncan '' , son of Andrew de Atholia ( Latin `` Andrew of Atholl '' ) , was a minor land-owner and leader of a kin-group around Dunkeld , Highland Perthshire , and as legend has it , an enthusiastic and faithful supporter of Robert I ( king 1306–29 aka Robert the Bruce ) during the Wars of Scottish Independence ; he is believed to have looked after King Robert after the Battle of Methven in 1306 .	The clan asserts that Stout Duncan 's relatives and followers ( not yet known as Robertsons ) supported Robert the Bruce at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314 .
Journeyman is the eleventh solo studio album by Eric Clapton .	Heralded as a return to form for Clapton , who had struggled with alcohol addiction and had recently found sobriety , the album has a 1980s electronic sound , but it also includes blues songs like `` Before You Accuse Me '' , `` Running on Faith '' , and `` Hard Times . ''
It is a vicinal diketone ( two C=O groups , side-by-side ) with the molecular formula CHO .	Diacetyl occurs naturally in alcoholic beverages and is added to some foods to impart its buttery flavor .
It is a blues cover album .	The album was Clapton 's follow-up to his successful 1992 live album , `` Unplugged '' .
George Anthony Smith ( 13 September 1960 – 24 August 2005 ) was a former footman and valet in the Royal Household of Prince Charles .	Smith alleged :
It was the fourth manned Gemini flight , the twelfth manned American flight and the twentieth manned spaceflight including Soviet flights and X-15 flights above the Kármán line .	The crew of Frank Borman and Jim Lovell spent nearly 14 days in space , making a total of 206 orbits .
The manga series has spawned a franchise that includes multiple spin-off manga and anime series , a trading card game , and numerous video games .	Most of the incarnations of the franchise involve the fictional trading card game known as `` Duel Monsters '' , where each player uses cards to `` duel '' each other in a mock battle of fantasy `` monsters '' .
In 1976 , Fidrych led the major leagues with a 2.34 ERA , won the AL Rookie of the Year award , and finished with a 19–9 record .	Shortly after , injuries piled up and his major league career ended after just five seasons .
The Spanish language film was shot with a mainly amateur cast in the northern Mexican bordertown of Ciudad Acuña , Coahuila , Mexico across from Del Rio , Texas , the home town of leading actor Carlos Gallardo .	The US $ 7,225 production was originally intended for the Mexican home video market , but executives at Columbia Pictures liked the film and bought the American distribution rights .
The Tribe lives in the southeastern part of Fidalgo Island in northern Puget Sound , near the San Juan Islands , in Skagit County , Washington .	Skagit County is located about north of Seattle .
He has a sister named Linda .	Sköld grew up in a very liberal setting as the son of a 15-year-old mother named Åse and a father trying to get by as a semi-professional drummer .
A free abelian group is precisely a free module over the ring Z of integers .	For a ring formula_1 and an formula_1-module formula_3 , the set formula_4 is a basis for formula_3 if :
Romeo explained the band 's name in a 2008 interview ; `` '' So , you know , the music we were coming up with had the keyboard thing and the guitar , and some classical elements , so the word ‘ Symphony ’ came up and , so the dramatic thing , you know ?	So then , somebody said ‘ Symphony X ’ and we were like , ‘ yeah , that ’ s cool ’ it is that kinda thing , and the ‘ X ’ is the unknown and all the other stuff we do . '' ''
The Chicago metropolitan area , or Chicagoland , is the metropolitan area that includes the city of Chicago , Illinois , and its suburbs .	With an estimated CSA population of 9.9 million people and an MSA population of 9.5 million people , it is the third largest metropolitan area in the United States .
The Fourier transforms of real-valued functions are symmetrical around the 0 Hz axis .	After sampling , only a periodic summation of the Fourier transform ( called discrete-time Fourier transform ) is still available .
The Hoh or Chalá·at ( ′Those-Who-Live-on-the-Hoh River′ or ′People of the Hoh River′ ) are a Native American tribe in western Washington state in the United States .	The tribe lives on the Pacific Coast of Washington on the Olympic Peninsula .
The text , parts of which constitute the oldest extant written catechism , has three main sections dealing with Christian ethics , rituals such as baptism and Eucharist , and Church organization .	The opening chapters describe the virtuous Way of Life and the wicked Way of Death .
The American branch was established in 1991 following the acquisition of the UK rights to `` Akira '' , by Laurence Guinness , who was the Head of Acquisition and Development at Island World Communications .	Andy Frain , was the Managing Director of Island World Communications ; a loss-making subsidiary at the time of Chris Blackwell and John Heyman 's Island World Group .
In contemporary education , mathematics education is the practice of teaching and learning mathematics , along with the associated scholarly research .	Researchers in mathematics education are primarily concerned with the tools , methods and approaches that facilitate practice or the study of practice ; however , mathematics education research , known on the continent of Europe as the didactics or pedagogy of mathematics , has developed into an extensive field of study , with its own concepts , theories , methods , national and international organisations , conferences and literature .
The upper section of the Saline is a clear , cold-water stream with a series of fast running shoals interspersed with quiet pools .	The central section of the river has clear to murky water with long slower moving pools interrupted by short stretches of fast water .
He is known primarily through his theological writings , although all but a few fragments of his works have perished .	His feast day is celebrated on October 30 .
Irritation , in biology and physiology , is a state of inflammation or painful reaction to allergy or cell-lining damage .	A stimulus or agent which induces the state of irritation is an irritant .
Hence the set of all sums of two squares is closed under multiplication .	Specifically , the identity says
Charles Oscar Finley ( February 22 , 1918 – February 19 , 1996 ) , nicknamed Charlie O or Charley O , was an American businessman who is best remembered for his tenure as the owner of Major League Baseball 's Oakland Athletics .	Finley purchased the franchise while it was located in Kansas City , moving it to Oakland in 1968 .
The treatment comprises hyperbaric oxygen therapy ( HBOT ) , the medical use of oxygen at an ambient pressure higher than atmospheric pressure , and therapeutic recompression for decompression illness , intended to reduce the injurious effects of systemic gas bubbles by physically reducing their size and providing improved conditions for elimination of bubbles and excess dissolved gas .	The equipment required for hyperbaric oxygen treatment consists of a pressure chamber , which may be of rigid or flexible construction , and a means of delivering 100 % oxygen .
Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain ( born Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain , September 8 , 1828February 24 , 1914 ) was an American college professor from the State of Maine , who volunteered during the American Civil War to join the Union Army .	He became a highly respected and decorated Union officer , reaching the rank of brigadier general ( and brevet major general ) .
Although recluse spiders have a bad reputation , they are usually not aggressive .	Sicariidae are of the superfamily Scytodoidea .
Mokpo ( ; `` Mokpo-si '' ) is a city in South Jeolla Province , South Korea , located at the southwestern tip of the Korean Peninsula , close to Yudal mountain .	Mokpo has frequent train service connecting in Daejon to Seoul , and is the terminus for a number of ferry routes serving islands in the adjacent Yellow Sea and Dadohae National Maritime Park .
The built-up area of Pohang is located on the alluvium of the mouth of the Hyeongsan River .	The city is divided into two wards ( `` gu '' ) , Buk-gu or Northern Ward ( ) and Nam-gu or Southern Ward ( ) .
In the same year , he became organist at St. Thomas Church , Leipzig , where Johann Sebastian Bach was the musical director for 27 years .	While organist at the St. Thomas Church , Leipzig , he was witness to the inauguration of Bach 's new grave and prepared a special performance of Bach 's `` St. Anne '' Prelude and Fugue in E-flat for the reception .
Despite this , he was co-founder of the London Philharmonic , was the first conductor of the Liverpool Philharmonic as a full-time ensemble , and played an important part in saving the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra from disbandment in the 1960s .	As chief conductor of London 's internationally famous summer music festival the Proms from 1948 to 1967 , Sargent was one of the best-known English conductors .
In 2016 , credit cards using the American Express network accounted for 22.9 % of the total dollar volume of credit card transactions in the US .	, the company had 112.8 million cards in force , including 50 million cards in force in the United States , each with an average annual spending of $ 18,519 .
Sinopoli was born in Venice , Italy , and later studied at the Benedetto Marcello Conservatory in Venice under Ernesto Rubin de Cervin and at Darmstadt , including being mentored in composition with Karlheinz Stockhausen .	He also obtained a degree in medicine from the University of Padua , and completed a dissertation on criminal anthropology .
While its musical classification , influences , and origins are debated , Brown is regarded as the fundamental force behind the creation of go-go music .	Brown was born on August 22 , 1936 in Gaston , North Carolina .
The city front is on a sheltered , island-studded bay , and is almost completely surrounded by mountains covered with pine trees .	The emblem of Jinhae contains a cherry blossom .
Korea Railroad Corporation ( Korean : 한국철도공사 , Hanjalang-k : 韓國鐵道公社 ) , promoted as KORAIL ( 코레일 ) , is the national railway operator in South Korea .	Currently , KORAIL is a public corporation , managed by Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transportation .
Gunsan ( ) is a city in North Jeolla Province , South Korea .	It is on the south bank of the Geum River just upstream from its exit into the Yellow Sea .
The Geum River is located in South Korea .	It is a major river that originates in Jangsu-eup , North Jeolla Province .
Although in the historical era the `` pontifex maximus '' was the head of Roman state religion , Festus says that in the ranking of the highest Roman priests ( `` ordo sacerdotum '' ) , the `` rex sacrorum '' was of highest prestige , followed by the `` flamines maiores '' ( `` Flamen Dialis '' , `` Flamen Martialis '' , `` Flamen Quirinalis '' ) and the `` pontifex maximus '' .	The `` rex '' was based in the Regia .
Jeonbuk National University Iksan campus ( before , it was Iksan National College ) , the Won Buddhism Graduate School , Wonkwang Health Science College , and Wonkwang University are all located in Iksan .	This city is called “ The City of Jewelry . ''
The name Thermidorian refers to 9 Thermidor Year II ( 27 July 1794 ) , the date according to the French Republican Calendar when Robespierre and other radical revolutionaries came under concerted attack in the National Convention .	Thermidorian Reaction also refers to the remaining period until the National Convention was superseded by the Directory ; this is also sometimes called the era of the Thermidorian Convention .
He is a former artistic director of Canada 's National Arts Centre Orchestra and founded The Classical Band in New York .	Since his resignation from The English Concert in 2003 , Pinnock has continued his career as a conductor , appearing with major orchestras and opera companies around the world .
It is commonly used for configuration files , but could be used in many applications where data is being stored ( e.g .	debugging output ) or transmitted ( e.g .
The provincial capital was Jeonju , the current capital of Northern Jeolla .	The entire inland region is called Honam ( `` South of the Lake '' ) , which is still commonly used .
Let [ κ ] denote the set of all finite subsets of κ .	Then a cardinal number κ is called Ramsey if , for every function
The name is often used to refer to people residing in the region .	There is also Honam University , which is located in Gwangju , the biggest city in the Honam .
Get Fuzzy is an American gag-a-day comic strip written and drawn by Darby Conley .	The strip features the adventures of Boston advertising executive Rob Wilco and his two anthropomorphic pets , a dog named Satchel Pooch and a cat called Bucky Katt .
His father , Felix Slatkin , was the violinist , conductor and founder of the Hollywood String Quartet , and his mother , Eleanor Aller , was the cellist with the quartet .	His brother , Frederick , now a cellist , traced the family 's original name as Zlotkin , and adopted that form of the family surname for himself professionally .
Standard diving dress or atmospheric diving suit ) .	but in most cases applies only to the environmental protective covering worn by the diver .
Existence of zero sharp implies that the constructible universe satisfies `` for every countable ordinal , there is an -Erdős cardinal '' .	In fact , for every indiscernible satisfies `` for every ordinal , there is an -Erdős cardinal in ( the Levy collapse to make countable ) '' .
Generally speaking , homework does not improve academic performance among children and may improve academic skills among older students , especially lower-achieving students .	Homework also creates stress for students and their parents and reduces the amount of time that students could spend outdoors , exercising , playing , working , sleeping , or in other activities .
The competitive dance industry largely consists of `` competition production companies '' —also sometimes called `` dance competition companies and dance competition lines '' —that conduct regional competitions at stops along their annual , nationwide tours .	Dancers who compete at these regional competitions are students ranging in age from approximately four to eighteen years old .
Subtle cardinals were introduced by .	Ethereal cardinals were introduced by .
Sino-Korean vocabulary or Hanja-eo ( ) refers to Korean words of Chinese origin .	Sino-Korean vocabulary includes words borrowed directly from Chinese , new Korean words created from Chinese characters , and words borrowed from Sino-Japanese vocabulary .
In conjunction with plain barbed wire ( and/or razor wire/tape ) and steel pickets , it is most often used to form military-style wire obstacles .	Although these are not necessarily always used in a military setting , such as when used in prison barriers , detention camps , riot control , or at the U.S./Mexican Border .
The comic strips ran from 1964 to 1973 and was very popular in Latin America , Europe , Quebec and Asia , leading to two animated cartoon series and a book , and are being very utilized in Brazil , in tests of Portuguese and Spanish .	The comic strip artist Quino created `` Mafalda '' in 1963 .
The attorney–client privilege is one of the oldest recognized privileges for confidential communications .	The United States Supreme Court has stated that by assuring confidentiality , the privilege encourages clients to make `` full and frank '' disclosures to their attorneys , who are then better able to provide candid advice and effective representation .
In 1956 , some churches of the Eastern District Primitive Baptist Association separated and formed the Central Baptist Association .	The churches entering this new organization desired to be more progressive and to provide a home for homeless and destitute children .
Brooke was born in Portsmouth , New Hampshire , the only child of John Henry Russell , Jr. ( 1872–1947 ) , the 16th Commandant of the Marine Corps , and his wife , Mabel Cecile Hornby Howard ( 1879–1967 ) .	Her paternal grandfather John Henry Russell , Sr. was a rear admiral in the U.S. Navy .
Fakhr al-Dīn al-Rāzī or Fakhruddin Razi ( ) was an Iranian Sunni Muslim theologian and philosopher He was born in 1149 in Rey ( in modern-day Iran ) , and died in 1209 in Herat ( in modern-day Afghanistan ) .	He also wrote on medicine , physics , astronomy , literature , history and law .
He worked as a partner in his father 's successful export business .	His massive investment in Manhattan real estate enabled major donations to the Astor Library in the East Village , which became the New York Public Library .
Members of this organization affirm this can only turn into a reality by a massive voluntary population reduction , which will depend on a leap in human consciousness to species-awareness .	According to Rev .
Another group , the Bamar people , entered the upper Irrawaddy valley in the early 9th century .	They went on to establish the Bagan Kingdom ( 1044–1287 ) , the first-ever unification of the Irrawaddy valley and its periphery .
He won an Olympic rowing title for the United States then became president of what eventually became Citigroup .	He was a trustee of the American Museum of Natural History and a member of the board of overseers of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center .
Value , as defined , is the ratio of function to cost .	Value can therefore be manipulated by either improving the function or reducing the cost .
In insects it is developed by the follicle cells while the egg is in the ovary .	In humans and other mammals ( excluding monotremes ) , the chorion is one of the fetal membranes that exist during pregnancy between the developing fetus and mother .
He is very rarely heard speaking with the exception of a few cartoons ( such as 1943 's `` The Lonesome Mouse '' , 1944 's `` The Zoot Cat '' and 1992 's `` '' ) .	His only notable vocal sounds outside of this are his various screams whenever he is subject to pain or panic .
He inherited nearly $ 100 million from his father .	The fortune had doubled when he died less than nine years later .
Many electronic devices use differential amplifiers internally .	The output of an ideal differential amplifier is given by :
Cornelius Vanderbilt II ( November 11 , 1843 – August 28 , 1899 ) was an American socialite , heir , businessman , and a member of the prominent United States Vanderbilt family .	He was the favorite grandson of Commodore Cornelius Vanderbilt , who bequeathed him $ 5 million , and the eldest son of William Henry `` Billy '' Vanderbilt ( who bequeathed him about $ 70 million ) and Maria Louisa Kissam .
Born in Washington , D.C. , Cole was one of five children .	His father died while he was an infant and his mother moved the family back to Baltimore where she had grown up .
The common name ( also spelled croppie or crappé ) , derives from the Canadian French `` crapet , '' which refers to many different fishes of the sunfish family .	Other names for crappie are papermouths , strawberry bass , speckled bass or specks ( especially in Michigan ) , speckled perch , crappie bass , calico bass , ( throughout the Middle Atlantic states , and New England ) , `` sac-a-lait '' ( in southern Louisiana , lit .
It is very similar to the closely related house sparrow , and the two species show their close relation in a `` biological mix-up '' of hybridisation in the Mediterranean region , which complicates the taxonomy of this species .	The Spanish sparrow is a rather large sparrow , at in length , and in weight .
Her older sister died before Gertrude was born , but she grew up with several brothers and a younger sister .	The family 's New York City home was an opulent mansion at 742–748 Fifth Avenue .
He was the elder son of The 10th Duke of Marlborough and his wife , The Hon .	Alexandra Mary Hilda Cadogan .
The Eurasian skylark ( `` Alauda arvensis '' ) is a passerine bird in the lark family Alaudidae .	It is a wide-spread species found across Europe and Asia with introduced populations in New Zealand , Australia and on the Hawaian Islands .
Alan David Sokal ( ; born January 24 , 1955 ) is a professor of mathematics at University College London and professor of physics at New York University .	He works in statistical mechanics and combinatorics .
A high level of features and trim is offered , typically at the expense of passenger capacity , cargo room , and fuel economy .	Characteristically built on a two-door platform with distinctive exteriors , they often share mechanical components in common with their manufacturers ' popular mass market vehicles .
He held the position of Financial Secretary from 2003 to 2007 .	In 2012 , he lost the Hong Kong Chief Executive Election to Leung Chun-ying .
James Cleveland and the Beatles .	He went on to achieve fame as a solo artist , with hit singles such as `` That 's the Way God Planned It '' , `` Outa-Space '' , `` Will It Go Round in Circles '' , `` Space Race '' , `` Nothing from Nothing '' and `` With You I 'm Born Again '' .
A devout Protestant , he soon became one of the leaders of the Lords of the Congregation along with his brother-in-law , Lord James Stewart , illegitimate son of James V of Scotland .	Together , the two men negotiated with Sir William Cecil to secure English aid against the regent , Mary of Guise , and were largely responsible for the negotiation of the Treaty of Edinburgh in 1560 , which saw the triumph of the Congregation and the withdrawal of French and English troops from Scotland .
Bauxite ore is a mixture of hydrated aluminium oxides and compounds of other elements such as iron .	In the Bayer process , bauxite ore is heated in a pressure vessel along with a sodium hydroxide solution ( caustic soda ) at a temperature of 150 to 200 °C .
Thus , scenario analysis , which is one of the main forms of projection , does not try to show one exact picture of the future .	Instead , it presents several alternative future developments .
Children and women would dance around a village fire and , during this process , everyone would write their names on rocks and place them in and around said fire .	When the fire started to die out they would all run home- whereas if they stayed , 'Yr Hwch Ddu Gwta ' ( a bad omen that took the form of a tailless black sow with a headless woman ) would devour their souls .
PKA is also known as cAMP-dependent protein kinase ( ) .	Protein kinase A has several functions in the cell , including regulation of glycogen , sugar , and lipid metabolism .
A member of the Democratic Party , he has also been the Senate Minority Leader since 2017 .	He first defeated three-term Republican incumbent Al D'Amato 55 % to 44 % before being reelected in 2004 with 71 % of the vote , in 2010 with 66 % of the vote , and in 2016 with 70 % of the vote .
The catchment basin of the Kashio River is approximately 84 sq .	kilometers .
Management by objectives is the process of defining specific objectives within an organization that management can convey to organization members , then deciding on how to achieve each objective in sequence .	This process allows managers to take work that needs to be done one step at a time to allow for a calm , yet productive work environment .
She was a Han Chinese and a former hospital worker .	In 1959 , after ten years in prison , Puyi was pardoned .
Broadway Records was the name of an American record label in the 1920s and 1930s .	Broadway 's records were first manufactured in the early 1920s by the Bridgeport Die and Machine Company of Bridgeport , Connecticut .
In 1932 he graduated with First Class honours in physics and then , working in the Clarendon Laboratory , completed his DPhil in 1934 .	Subsequently , he took up a Skynner Senior Studentship in Astronomy at Balliol College , Oxford .
His father , Ray Garrett , Sr. , fought during World War I .	He first joined the SEC in 1954 and served as Director of Corporate Regulation before returning to Chicago at Gardner , Carton & Douglas in 1958 as a partner .
Zounds are an English anarcho punk/post-punk band from Reading formed in 1977 .	Originally , they were part of the cassette culture movement , releasing material on the Fuck Off Records label , and were also involved in the squatting and free festival scene .
Inline linking ( also known as hotlinking , leeching , piggy-backing , direct linking , offsite image grabs ) is the use of a linked object , often an image , on one site by a web page belonging to a second site .	One site is said to have an inline link to the other site where the object is located .
He is a member of the Independent Democratic Union ( UDI ) party and former mayor of Santiago and Las Condes municipalities of capital Santiago .	He ran for president twice in 1999 and 2005 , losing both times .
The chronology of his reign is disputed but is generally thought to have begun around 1046 BC and ended three years later in 1043 BC .	King Wu 's ancestral name was Ji ( ) and given name Fa ( ) .
According to the same survey , Northern Bavarian is also spoken in Upper Franconia , as well as in some areas in Upper and Lower Bavaria , such as in the areas around Eichstätt and Kelheim .	Few speakers remained in the Czech Republic , mostly concentrated around Aš and Železná Ruda , at the time of the survey , but considering the time which has passed since the survey , the dialect may be extinct in those places today .
The traditional dial-up online service differed from the modern Internet service provider in that they provided a large degree of content that was only accessible by those who subscribed to the online service , while ISP mostly serves to provide access to the Internet and generally provides little if any exclusive content of its own .	In the U.S. , the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act ( OCILLA ) portion of the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act has expanded the legal definition of online service in two different ways for different portions of the law .
Some amphibians are fitted with reinforced keels which act as skis , allowing them to land on snow or ice with their wheels up .	Floatplanes often have floats that are interchangeable with wheeled landing gear ( thereby producing a conventional land-based aircraft ) however in cases where this is not practical amphibious floatplanes , such as the amphibious version of the DHC Otter , incorporate retractable wheels within their floats .
Esquipulas ( Nahuatl : Isquitzuchil , `` place where flowers abound '' ) , officially Municipality of Esquipulas , whose original name was Yzquipulas , is the largest city located in the department of Chiquimula , in eastern Guatemala .	Esquipulas ' main attraction is the beautiful located in the Basilica of Esquipulas , making the city an important place of Catholic pilgrimage for Central America .
The Esquipulas Nicaraguan Peace Agreement , also known as the Central American Peace Accords , was a peace initiative in the mid-1980s to settle the military conflicts that had plagued Central America for many years , and in some cases ( notably Guatemala ) for decades .	It built upon groundwork laid by the Contadora Group from 1983 to 1985 .
Langlois was co-founder of the Cinémathèque Française with Georges Franju and Jean Mitry and also co-founder of the International Federation of Film Archives ( FIAF ) in 1938 .	Through close collaboration with the Cinémathèque 's longtime Chief Archivist , Lotte Eisner , he worked to preserve films and film history in the post-war era .
Teleosts range from giant oarfish measuring or more , and ocean sunfish weighing over , to the minute male anglerfish `` Photocorynus spiniceps '' , just long .	Including not only torpedo-shaped fish built for speed , teleosts can be flattened vertically or horizontally , be elongated cylinders or take specialised shapes as in anglerfish and seahorses .
Chondrostei are primarily cartilaginous fish showing some degree of ossification .	It is thought that the cartilaginous condition is derived , and that the ancestors of this group were bony fish with fully ossified skeletons .
A folding kayak is a direct descendant of the original Inuit kayak made of animal skins stretched over frames made from wood and bones .	A modern folder has a collapsible frame made of some combination of wood , aluminium and plastic , and a skin made of a tough fabric with a waterproof coating .
Scanlation ( also scanslation ) is the fan-made scanning , translation , and editing of comics from a language into another language .	Scanlation is done as an amateur work and is nearly always done without express permission from the copyright holder .
His parents were King Wu of Zhou and Queen Yi Jiang ( 邑姜 ) .	King Cheng was young when he ascended the throne .
The full song is an up-tempo instrumental rendition of Jester Hairston 's `` Amen '' , which he wrote for the Sidney Poitier film `` Lilies of the Field '' ( 1963 ) and which was subsequently popularized by the Impressions in 1964 .	The Winstons ' version was released as a B-side of the 45 RPM 7-inch vinyl single `` Color Him Father '' in 1969 on Metromedia ( MMS-117 ) , and is currently available on several compilations and on a 12-inch vinyl re-release together with other songs by The Winstons .
King Kang of Zhou ( ) or King K ’ ang of Chou was the third sovereign of the Chinese Zhou Dynasty and son of the King Cheng of Zhou .	The dates of his reign are 1020-996 BC or 1005–978 BC .
`` Funky Drummer '' was recorded on November 20 , 1969 in Cincinnati , Ohio , and originally released by King Records as a two-part 45 rpm single in March 1970.The difference between the album version and the single version is that the single version contains Brown 's vocal percussion ( 'kooncha ' ) .	Despite rising to # 20 on the R & B chart and # 51 on the pop chart , it did not receive an album release until the 1986 compilation `` In the Jungle Groove '' .
The `` Coquille '' ( or Coquelle - `` Ko-Kwell '' ) are a Native American people who historically lived in the Coquille River watershed and nearby coast to Charleston/South Slough area on Coos Bay .	They along with other tribes , signed the 1855 Coast Treaty - and removed to the Siletz/Coast Reservation in 1856 .
Hanover Zoo is the fifth oldest German zoo .	It was established in 1865 with private money .
As a result , he holds the record for the most races started without a race victory .	A string of accidents early in his career earned him a reputation for being a fast but wild driver .
Needell attended Ottershaw School followed by City University , London where he achieved an Honours Degree in Civil Engineering .	Hired by George Wimpey & Co , his day job was as a Structural Design Engineer .
The church is sometime nicknamed `` the Meringue '' for its white color .	In 1914 , Father Quillery was appointed parish priest of the new parish of Saint Jérome .
The Passion is a huge Passion Play , held around Easter on the streets of a certain city .	The event started in the Netherlands as a collaboration between the broadcasters EO and RKK ( nowadays between EO and KRO-NCRV ) and the local community .
– Admirals	– Aerogram
He has also had success racing sports prototypes , winning the 24 Hours of Daytona of 2004 , 2014 and 2018 , the 12 Hours of Sebring of 2015 , the 6 Hours of Watkins Glen of 2013 , 2016 and 2017 , and has captured two IMSA SportsCar Championships with Action Express Racing during the 2014 and 2015 seasons .	He is the son of former Grand Prix driver and team owner Wilson Fittipaldi , and the nephew of two-time Formula One Champion and Indianapolis 500 winner Emerson Fittipaldi .
Sandwell Valley RSPB reserve ( ) is a nature reserve , run by the RSPB , in Sandwell Valley , to the north of West Bromwich , in the Sandwell borough of West Midlands in England .	It is adjacent to , and shares its main lake with , Sandwell Valley Country Park and near the settlement of Hamstead .
He died during qualifying for the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix , the same event at which three-time World Champion Ayrton Senna died the following day .	Ratzenberger was born in Salzburg , Austria .
It also supports design-data management of electronic design artifacts , thus enabling hardware and software co-development .	ClearCase includes revision control and forms the basis for configuration management at large and medium-sized businesses , accommodating projects with hundreds or thousands of developers .
He was a member of the Lunar Society and lived at Great Barr Hall .	He also built a house at Warley Woods , and commissioned Humphry Repton to lay out its grounds .
The dates of its accreted sections are uncertain , but according to the 1907 edition of the Catholic Encyclopedia scholars agree in assigning the resulting work to the middle of the fourth century AD .	The section about Pilate is an older text found in the Greek `` Acts of Peter and Paul '' and is a purported official document from Pontius Pilate ( or composed from reports at the praetorium at Jerusalem ) reporting events in Judea to Emperor Tiberius , and referring to the crucifixion of Jesus , as well as his miracles .
Depending on geographical or historical preferences , the set of the four scientists — Alexander Friedmann , Georges Lemaître , Howard P. Robertson and Arthur Geoffrey Walker are customarily grouped as Friedmann or Friedmann–Robertson–Walker ( FRW ) or Robertson–Walker ( RW ) or Friedmann–Lemaître ( FL ) .	This model is sometimes called the `` Standard Model '' of modern cosmology , although such a description is also associated with the further developed Lambda-CDM model .
gr .	31 ) , designated by siglum L ( Ralphs ) , is an illuminated manuscript , probably produced in Syria in the first half of the 6th Century .
The COO is responsible for the daily operation of the company , and routinely reports to the highest-ranking executive , usually the chief executive officer ( CEO ) .	The COO is usually the second in command at the firm , especially if the highest-ranking executive is the Chairman and CEO .
It moved quickly west-northwestward , strengthening into a well-developed hurricane by August 5 .	Initially , it posed a threat to the Lesser Antilles , although it passed about north of the region .
It is 4 miles west of Birmingham city centre and borders West Bromwich and Oldbury to the north and west .	Formerly a Staffordshire county borough , Smethwick is situated near the edge of Sandwell metropolitan borough and borders the Birmingham districts of Handsworth , Winson Green , Harborne , Edgbaston and Quinton to the south and east , as well as the Black Country towns of West Bromwich and Oldbury , West Midlands in the north and west .
Hugh Clopton was born in about 1440 at Clopton House near Stratford-upon-Avon , where the Clopton family had lived since the reign of King Henry III ( 1216–1272 ) .	He was a younger son of John Clopton by his wife , a certain Agnes whose surname is unknown .
Prototypical tone clusters are based on the chromatic scale and are separated by semitones .	For instance , three adjacent piano keys ( such as C , C , and D ) struck simultaneously produce a tone cluster .
It was one of the first and is still one of the most prominent arts festivals in Canada and is recognized worldwide for its productions of Shakespearean plays .	The Festival 's primary mandate is to present productions of William Shakespeare 's plays , but it also produces a wide variety of theatre from Greek tragedy to Broadway style musicals and contemporary works .
The cross is shifted a little off centre toward the fly ( the cross pattée is also shifted slightly downwards ) ; the flag of France outlined in white on two sides is in the upper hoist quadrant .	For official occasions , the French flag is used .
British Leyland was an automotive engineering and manufacturing conglomerate formed in the United Kingdom in 1968 as British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd ( BLMC ) , following the merger of Leyland Motors and British Motor Holdings .	It was partly nationalised in 1975 , when the UK government created a holding company called British Leyland , later BL , in 1978 .
Wilson has since released three solo albums , five singles and two best-selling autobiographies , `` '' , a record setter for sales in its genre , and `` Supreme Faith : Someday We 'll Be Together '' ; both books later were released as an updated combination .	Continuing a successful career as a concert performer , Wilson also became a musicians ' rights activist as well as a musical theater performer and organizer of various museum displays of the Supremes ' famed costumes .
Some of her correspondence has also been published .	She won many literary awards and the Eleanor Farjeon Award for children 's literature is presented annually in her memory by the Children 's Book Circle , a society of publishers .
The Rover Group plc was the name given in 1986 to the British vehicle manufacturer BL ( formerly British Leyland ) , which had been a state-owned company since 1975 .	It initially included the Austin Rover Group car business ( comprising the Austin , Rover , Mini and MG marques ) , Land Rover Group , Freight Rover vans and Leyland Trucks .
Thirteen months later on 17 January 1968 under direct pressure from its national government BMH merged with ( Standard-Triumph , Rover and Alvis cars , Leyland trucks and buses , Alvis fighting vehicles ) to form British Leyland Motor Corporation ( BLMC ) .	The Wilson Labour Government ( 1964–1970 ) came to power at a time when British manufacturing industry was in decline and decided that the remedy was to promote more mergers , particularly in the motor industry .
Although there is disagreement about the exact etymology of the name `` Hindko '' ( Shackle for example sees it as meaning `` the Indian language '' ) , it is generally accepted that the term has developed to refer to the northwestern Indo-Aryan speech forms in contrast to the neighbouring Pashto , an Iranian language .	Hindko is mutually intelligible with Punjabi and Saraiki , and has more affinities with the latter than with the former .
It was the home of William Armstrong , 1st Baron Armstrong , founder of the Armstrong Whitworth armaments firm .	An industrial magnate , scientist , philanthropist and inventor of the hydraulic crane and the Armstrong gun , Armstrong also displayed his inventiveness in the domestic sphere , making Cragside the first house in the world to be lit using hydroelectric power .
In mathematics , cousin primes are prime numbers that differ by four .	Compare this with twin primes , pairs of prime numbers that differ by two , and sexy primes , pairs of prime numbers that differ by six .
Henry Wise Wood ( May 31 , 1860 – June 10 , 1941 ) was an American-born Canadian agrarian thinker and activist .	He became director in 1914 and was elected president of the United Farmers of Alberta in 1916 .
Slovenia has mountains , meadows , lakes , caves , and the sea , making it an attractive destination in Europe .	The nation 's capital , Ljubljana , has many important Baroque and Art Nouveau buildings , with several important works of the native born architect Jože Plečnik .
1 '' marks Square 's first incursion into the fighting game genre , although an adventure-like quest mode is part of the game .	The game 's mechanics were designed with the aid of fighter game designer Seiichi Ishii , while all the characters were designed by Akira Toriyama of `` Dragon Ball '' fame .
She was employed as a stenographer at Lever Brothers in Port Sunlight before marrying Harold Wilson on New Year 's Day 1940 .	She and Wilson had two sons , Robin ( born 1943 ) and Giles ( born 1948 ) .
For example , the numbers 5 and 11 are both sexy primes , because 11 minus 5 is 6 .	The term `` sexy prime '' is a pun stemming from the Latin word for six : `` sex '' .
Outdoor tools such as garden forks , pruning shears , and rakes are additional forms of hand tools .	Portable power tools are not hand tools .
Matlock is the county town of Derbyshire , England .	It is situated at the south eastern edge of the Peak District .
Originally built at the head of a dead-end dirt road running alongside the valley of the River Derwent from Matlock itself , the locality developed in the 19th century as residential and a spa town and still thrives on tourism .	Development was and is very restricted due to the steep hillsides , with the majority of buildings on one side of the valley with only footbridges across the river .
It is a banner of arms modelled after the province 's coat of arms .	New Brunswick acquiesced to a federation with the other colonies of Nova Scotia and the United Province of Canada in 1867 under the British North America Act to form the Dominion of Canada .
It was constructed and expanded from 1915 to 1929 .	The Dixie Highway was inspired by the example of the slightly earlier Lincoln Highway , the first road across the United States .
However written history is only known from their contact with the Kalanga and the Portuguese .	When Great Zimbabwe collapsed mostly probably due to succession battles and attacks from the Portuguese , some BakaLanga went west , led by Dlembeu and established Khami .
He is known for portraying Captain Georg von Trapp in `` The Sound of Music '' ( 1965 ) , and has portrayed numerous major historical figures , including Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington in `` Waterloo '' ( 1970 ) , Rudyard Kipling in `` The Man Who Would Be King '' ( 1975 ) , Mike Wallace in `` The Insider '' ( 1999 ) , Leo Tolstoy in `` The Last Station '' ( 2009 ) , Kaiser Wilhelm II in `` The Exception '' ( 2016 ) , and J. Paul Getty in `` All the Money in the World '' ( 2017 ) .	Plummer has received various accolades for his work , including an Academy Award , a Genie Award , two Emmy Awards , two Tony Awards , a Golden Globe Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a British Academy Film Award ; he is one of the few performers to receive the Triple Crown of Acting .
Moisés Alou attempted to catch a foul ball off the bat of Marlins second baseman Luis Castillo .	Bartman reached for the ball , deflected it , and disrupted the potential catch .
Parker 's early career , beginning in his late teens , was spent as a copywriter and director of television advertisements .	After about ten years of filming adverts , many of which won awards for creativity , he began screenwriting and directing films .
It blends into the areas of Deepcar , Bolsterstone and the eastern end of Ewden valley around Ewden village , which are also within the civil parish .	The population of the civil parish as of the 2011 census was 13,455 .
It was released by Bar/None in 1988 .	The album is named after the capital city of Lincoln , Nebraska and John Linnell and John Flansburgh 's boyhood home of Lincoln , Massachusetts .
The parish also includes several reservoirs , and a number of minor settlements , such as Ewden .	Bradfield is located from Sheffield city centre and from Barnsley .
The village lies just within the Peak District National Park , inside the park 's north-eastern border , is at an altitude of 260 metres ( 850 feet ) AOD and has extensive views across Bradfield Dale towards Derwent Edge and the Dark Peak .	The most striking feature of the village is the medieval Church of St. Nicholas , Bradfield .
Alan Davies replaced Lamb after only four gigs late in 1976 , and Kimberley Rew eventually replaced Davies .	Matthew Seligman replaced Metcalfe in 1979 .
It is situated within the boundary of the city of Sheffield in the upper part of the Loxley Valley , 6¼ miles west-northwest of the city centre and just inside the northeast boundary of the Peak District National Park .	Low Bradfield and the surrounding area is noted for its attractive countryside which draws many visitors from the more urban parts of Sheffield .
where `` A '' ( `` n '' ) denotes the number of elements of `` A '' not exceeding `` n '' and inf is infimum .	The Schnirelmann density is well-defined even if the limit of `` A '' ( `` n '' ) / '' n '' as fails to exist ( see asymptotic density ) .
Sheffield Cathedral is one of five Grade I listed buildings in the city , along with Town Hall , Abbeydale Industrial Hamlet , and the parish churches at Ecclesfield and Bradfield .	It is located in the city centre on Church Street and served by Sheffield Supertram 's Cathedral stop .
While attending The High School of Music & Art in New York City , Michael Kamen became friends with Martin Fulterman ( later known as Mark Snow , who composed the theme music for `` The X-Files '' among other projects ) .	While studying the oboe , he formed a rock-classical fusion band called New York Rock & Roll Ensemble , together with classmates Fulterman and Dorian Rudnytsky .
In espionage jargon , a mole ( also called a `` penetration agent '' , `` deep cover agent '' , or `` sleeper agent '' ) is a long-term spy ( espionage agent ) who is recruited before having access to secret intelligence , subsequently managing to get into the target organization .	However , it is popularly used to mean any long-term clandestine spy or informant within an organization , government or private .
The Secret Policeman 's Ball is the name informally used for the long-running series of benefit shows staged initially in the United Kingdom to raise funds for the human rights organisation Amnesty International .	The shows started in 1976 featuring popular British comedians but later included leading musicians and actors .
Most spines have a bulbous head ( the spine head ) , and a thin neck that connects the head of the spine to the shaft of the dendrite .	The dendrites of a single neuron can contain hundreds to thousands of spines .
Peter Barton Wilson ( born August 23 , 1933 ) is an American politician .	A member of the Republican Party , he served as a United States Senator and as the 36th Governor of California .
The M23 is a motorway in the United Kingdom , running from the south of Hooley in Surrey , where it splits from the A23 , to Pease Pottage , south of Crawley in West Sussex where it rejoins the A23 .	The northern end of the motorway starts at junction 7 on what is effectively a spur north from junction 7 of the M25 motorway ( junction 8 on the M23 ) .
Frederick John Westcott ( 26 March 1866 – 18 September 1941 ) , best known by his stage name Fred Karno , was an English theatre impresario of the British music hall .	As a comedian of slapstick he is credited with popularizing the custard-pie-in-the-face gag .
He was elected to a single term as the 27th governor of California from January 6 , 1931 until his death on June 2 , 1934 at the height of the Great Depression .	Previously , Rolph had been the 30th mayor of San Francisco from January 8 , 1912 until his resignation to become governor .
It was opened in stages between 1975 and 1983 .	It is unfinished , as an extension to the east was planned .
A culm is the aerial ( above-ground ) stem of a grass or sedge .	It is derived from , the Latin word for `` stalk '' , and it originally referred to the stem of any type of plant .
The section between the M40 and junction 4 of the M6 forms – though unsigned as such – a part of Euroroute E05 .	Beyond junction 11 the route is continued as the A42 , the junctions on this section , 12–14 , are numbered like a continuation of the motorway , but the road has non-motorway status from here .
From the Port of Felixstowe the road heads west , bypassing Ipswich to the south via the Orwell Bridge and to Stowmarket , Bury St Edmunds , Newmarket and Cambridge where it meets the M11 , then past St Ives , Huntingdon and the junction with the A1 , from there through Kettering , Northamptonshire , ending at junction 19 of the M1 and the start of the M6 .	The road is a dual carriageway , most with two lanes each way , but there are two dual three-lane sections : on the Newmarket bypass ( between Junctions 36 and 38 ) where it runs concurrent with the A11 , and a short stretch between the Girton Interchange and Bar Hill .
Deukmejian was born Courken George Deukmejian Jr. in Menands , New York .	His parents were Armenians who emigrated from the Ottoman Empire in the early 1900s to escape the Armenian Genocide .
It runs north-east /south-west between London and the coastal town of Lowestoft in Suffolk and follows a similar route to the Great Eastern Main Line .	A section of the road between Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth became the A47 , and this forms part of the unsigned Euroroute E30 ( prior to 1985 it was the E8 ) .
The road is closely paralleled by the M1 motorway between Derby and Leeds .	Heading south , the road begins as single carriageway from Thirsk which bypasses Ripon and travels towards Harrogate , eventually passing through Harrogate town centre .
The Poles come from different West Slavic tribes living on territories belonging later to Poland in the early Middle Ages ( see : Prehistory of Poland ) .	Around the year 1000 , the population of Polish lands is estimated at about 1,000,000 to 1,250,000 .
By 1902 , the company began manufacturing motorcycles with bought-in engines .	In 1908 , a Norton-built engine was added to the range .
She is of English , Irish , and Dutch descent .	She was raised in the Dallas suburb of Mesquite , Texas .
Zimbabwe Rhodesia was an unrecognised state that existed from 1 June 1979 to 12 December 1979 .	Zimbabwe Rhodesia was preceded by an unrecognised republic named Rhodesia and was briefly followed by the re-established British colony of Southern Rhodesia , which according to British constitutional theory had remained the proper government after Unilateral Declaration of Independence ( UDI ) in 1965 .
It opened in 1952 as the University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland , and was initially affiliated with the University of London .	It was later renamed the University of Rhodesia , and adopted its present name upon Zimbabwe 's independence in 1980 .
During Xin Dynasty , Ying was under effective house arrest—so much so that as an adult , he did not even know the names of common animals .	Before and after the Xin Dynasty was overthrown in 23 CE , many ambitious people claimed to be restoring the Han dynasty .
He was one of the founding owners of the American Football League ( AFL ) , the league with which the NFL merged in 1970 , and was the last of the original AFL owners to own his team .	At the time of his death he was the oldest owner in the NFL , at age 95 , and the third-longest tenured owner in NFL history ( over 54 years , behind the 63 years George Halas owned the Chicago Bears and almost equal to the 55 years Art Rooney owned the Pittsburgh Steelers , although Rooney 's ownership and team operations were interrupted in the 1940s due to some complicated dealings ) .
The car inherited a front-wheel drive / transverse engine configuration from its predecessor , the BMC ADO17 range .	This was still unusual in Europe for full-sized family cars and gave the Princess a cabin space advantage when compared with similarly sized cars from competing manufacturers .
The first `` Austin Princess '' A120 was launched in 1947 as the most expensive flagship model in the Austin range at the same time as the A110 Austin Sheerline ( designed during the war ) which body was built on the same chassis at Longbridge , the A110 produced 10 less horsepower being fitted with a single carburetter .	Both cars always had bodies that were massive and heavy in appearance .
Since 1986 , she has written `` Ask Marilyn '' , a `` Parade '' magazine Sunday column where she solves puzzles and answers questions on various subjects .	Among them was a discussion of the Monty Hall problem , to which she postulated an answer in 1990 .
Much of the world 's sea ice is enclosed within the polar ice packs in the Earth 's polar regions : the Arctic ice pack of the Arctic Ocean and the Antarctic ice pack of the Southern Ocean .	Polar packs undergo a significant yearly cycling in surface extent , a natural process upon which depends the Arctic ecology , including the ocean 's ecosystems .
He served as commander in the `` Sicherheitsdienst '' ( SD ) and all RSHA personnel in Riga , Latvia .	He attended the Wannsee Conference , and was largely responsible for implementing the murder of Latvia 's Jewish population .
The first authenticated spelling of the name was Wodensbyri , written in an endorsement on the back of the copy of the will of Wulfric Spot , dated 1004 .	Wednesbury ( `` Woden 's borough '' ) is one of the few places in England to be named after a pre-Christian deity .
The autopilot is often used in conjunction with the autothrottle , when present , which is the analogous system controlling the power delivered by the engines .	The autopilot system on airplanes is sometimes colloquially referred to as `` George '' .
The Commonwealth was established by the Union of Lublin in July 1569 , but the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania had been in a `` de facto '' personal union since 1386 with the marriage of the Polish queen Hedwig and Lithuania 's Grand Duke Jogaila , who was crowned King `` jure uxoris '' Władysław II Jagiełło of Poland .	The First Partition of Poland in 1772 and the Second Partition of Poland in 1793 greatly reduced the state 's size and the Commonwealth collapsed as an independent state following the Third Partition of Poland in 1795 .
Karl Georg Eberhard Schongarth was born on 22 April 1903 in Leipzig , Germany .	His father was a master brewer .
According to Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council , the borough comprises the six towns of Oldbury , Rowley Regis , Smethwick , Tipton , Wednesbury , and West Bromwich , although these places consist of numerous smaller settlements and localities .	Though West Bromwich is the largest town in the borough and its designated Strategic Town Centre , Sandwell Council House ( the headquarters of the local authority ) is situated in Oldbury .
The rite is named after Saint Ambrose , a bishop of Milan in the fourth century .	The Ambrosian Rite , which differs from the Roman Rite , is used by some five million Catholics in the greater part of the Archdiocese of Milan , Italy ( excluding , notably , the areas of Monza , Treviglio , Trezzo sull'Adda and a few other parishes ) , in some parishes of the Diocese of Como , Bergamo , Novara , Lodi and in about fifty parishes of the Diocese of Lugano , in the Canton Ticino , Switzerland .
However , Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council give the population figure of Oldbury as 50,641 .	The place name Oldbury , comes from the Old English 'Ealdenbyrig ' , - signifying that Oldbury was old even in early English times over 1000 years ago .
The history of Rowley Regis began in the 12th century , when a small village grew around the parish church of St. Giles , approximately two miles south-east of the town of Dudley .	Rowley was part of the Royal hunting grounds - Regis was added to the name of Rowley in around 1140 to signify it was that part of Rowley belonging to the King .
The boundary between the floating ice shelf and the anchor ice ( resting on bedrock ) that feeds it is called the grounding line .	The thickness of ice shelves can range from about to .
The Congress of Gniezno ( , or `` Gnesener Übereinkunft '' ) was an amical meeting between the Polish Duke Bolesław I the Brave and Emperor Otto III , which took place at Gniezno on March 11 , 1000 .	Scholars disagree over the details of the decisions made at the convention , especially whether the ruler of Poland was pledged the king 's crown or not .
The Canadian federal election of 1921 was held on December 6 , 1921 , to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 14th Parliament of Canada .	The Union government that had governed Canada through the First World War was defeated , and replaced by a Liberal government under the young leader William Lyon Mackenzie King .
There are also Junkanoo parades in Miami in June and Key West in October , where local black American populations have their roots in The Bahamas .	In addition to being a culture dance for the Garifuna people , this type of dancing is also performed in The Bahamas on Independence day and other historical holidays .
Internet2 is a not-for-profit United States computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities , industry , and government .	The Internet2 consortium administrative headquarters are located in Ann Arbor , Michigan , with offices in Washington , D.C. and Emeryville , California .
A stone cross , set up in 1935 by the Daughters of the American Colonists , stands in the quarter-acre site .	The memorial marks the First Landing , the very beginning of what would become British North America and subsequently Anglo Canada and the United States of America .
He was eventually deposed by the Chimei and strangled a few months after his defeat .	Traditional historians treat his emperor status ambiguously—and sometimes he would be referred to as an emperor ( with reference to his era name—thus , the Gengshi Emperor ) and sometimes he would be referred to by his posthumous title , Prince of Huaiyang .
There are hundreds of thousands of impact craters on Mars , but only some of them have names .	This list here only contains named Martian craters starting with the letter A – G `` ( see also lists for and ) '' .
Tzvetan Todorov was born on March 1 , 1939 , in Sofia , Bulgaria .	He earned an M.A .
Restaurateur Craig Nickoloff opened the first Claim Jumper in Los Alamitos , California , on September 27 , 1977 .	The original restaurant had a large menu and an atmosphere inspired by California 's Gold Rush of 1849 .
A mug shot or mugshot ( an informal term for police photograph or booking photograph ) is a photographic portrait of a person from the waist up , typically taken after a person is arrested .	The original purpose of the mug shot was to allow law enforcement to have a photographic record of an arrested individual to allow for identification purposes by victims , the public and investigators .
He would never take the name `` de Méré '' , to which he was entitled , lest he should be thought a nobleman .	At the age of fifteen he was sent to Paris to complete his education ; his father 's teaching had already inspired him with a passionate devotion to Greek literature , and although he showed considerable mathematical ability , he continued to devote all his leisure to the classics .
The circuit was invented in 1915 by American engineer Ralph Hartley .	The distinguishing feature of the Hartley oscillator is that the tuned circuit consists of a single capacitor in parallel with two inductors in series ( or a single tapped inductor ) , and the feedback signal needed for oscillation is taken from the center connection of the two inductors .
It has been suggested that the name Longus is merely a misinterpretation of the last word of `` Daphnis and Chloe '' 's title `` Λεσβιακῶν ἐρωτικῶν λόγοι '' ( `` story of a Lesbian romance '' , `` Lesbian '' for `` from Lesbos island '' ) in the Florentine manuscript ; EE Seiler observes that the best manuscript begins and ends with `` λόγου '' ( not `` λόγγου '' ) `` ποιμενικῶν '' .	If his name was really Longus , he was possibly a freedman of some Roman family which bore that name as a cognomen .
Portions of the highway are still named Jefferson Highway , for example : the portions that run through Jefferson Parish , Louisiana ; East Baton Rouge Parish , Louisiana ; Lee 's Summit , Missouri ; Osseo , Minnesota ; and Wadena , Minnesota .	It was built in the 1910s as part of the National Auto Trail system .
One example is the Schmitt trigger ( which is also known as a regenerative comparator ) , but the most common use of the term is in RF amplifiers , and especially regenerative receivers , to greatly increase the gain of a single amplifier stage .	The regenerative receiver was invented in 1912 and patented in 1914 by American electrical engineer Edwin Armstrong when he was an undergraduate at Columbia University .
Following the usurpation of the Han throne by Wang Mang and the ensuing civil war during the disintegration of Wang 's short-lived Xin Dynasty , he emerged as one of several descendants of the fallen dynasty claiming the imperial throne .	After assembling forces and proclaiming himself emperor in the face of competitors , he was able to defeat his rivals , destroy the peasant army of the Chimei , known for their disorganization and marauding , and finally reunify China in AD 36 .
Guevenatten ( ) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France .	Guevenatten is a part of the Sundgau .
Raymond Sommer ( 31 August 1906 – 10 September 1950 ) was a French motor racing driver .	He raced both before and after WWII with some success , particularly in endurance racing .
James Keir FRS ( 20 September 1735 – 11 October 1820 ) was a Scottish chemist , geologist , industrialist , and inventor , and an important member of the Lunar Society of Birmingham .	Keir was born in Stirlingshire , Scotland , in 1735 as the eighteenth child of John and Magdaline Keir .
He attended high schools in Trieste and Gorizia , and then studied law in Vienna and Graz .	During World War I , he served in the Austro-Hungarian Army and fought in the Battles of the Isonzo , where he was seriously injured .
It has 3-bit inputs and outputs ; if the first two bits are both set to 1 , it inverts the third bit , otherwise all bits stay the same .	An input-consuming logic gate `` L '' is reversible if , for any output `` y '' , there is a unique input `` x '' such that applying `` L '' ( `` x '' ) = `` y '' .
His most famous work is a pastoral prose romance , the `` Diana '' ( 1559 ) .	He was born at Montemor-o-Velho ( near Coimbra ) , whence he derived his name , the Spanish form of which is Montemayor .
Fairhaven ( or the Fairhaven Village ) was a settlement in Washington state founded in the late 1880s .	In 1903 it became part of the city of Bellingham .
He attended Dundee Grammar School , and Marischal College , Aberdeen where he received an MA in 1755 .	In 1758 , he was appointed Professor of Natural Philosophy at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia , then one of Britain ’ s American colonies .
The history of the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) intertwines in its early stages with history of the Haganah .	Following the 1947 UN Partition Plan , which divided the British Mandate of Palestine , the country became increasingly volatile and fell into a state of civil war between the Jews and Arabs after the Arab residents rejected any plan that would allow for the creation of a Jewish state .
Yongsan Garrison ( ; Hanja : ) , located in the Yongsan District of Seoul , South Korea , is an area which served as the headquarters for U.S. military forces stationed in South Korea , known as United States Forces Korea ( USFK ) and as United States Army Garrison Yongsan ( USAG-Yongsan ) , under the supervision of the Installation Management Command Pacific Region .	From 1910 to 1945 it served as headquarters for the Imperial Japanese Army .
He won numerous literary awards including the gold Molteno Award for lifetime services to South African literature , and in 1996 his works were translated into French .	His autobiography , `` Mr Chameleon '' , was published posthumously in 2005 .
Mendele was born to a poor family in Kapyl in Minsk Governorate .	His father , Chaim Moyshe Broyde , died shortly after Mendele became Bar Mitzvah .
An unrivalled series of liturgical manuscripts was produced at Reichenau under the highest patronage of Ottonian society .	( Other centers include scriptoria at Lorsch , Trier and Regensburg . )
It is a sacramentary , a book containing all the prayers spoken by the officiating priest during the course of the year .	The sacramentary was written and painted for the personal use of Charlemagne 's son Drogo , Bishop of Metz .
It is famous for one of the largest markets in South Korea , Osan Market , which has been in continuous operation since 1792 .	The city was the scene of brutal battles with communist forces taking the city during the Korean War in 1950 ( see Battle of Osan ) , before being then taken back by American forces soon afterwards ; there is a statue dedicated to UN forces on the outskirts of the city .
The Treaty establishing the European Defence Community , also known as the Treaty of Paris , is an unratified treaty signed on 27 May 1952 by the six 'inner ' countries of European integration : the Benelux countries , France , Italy and West Germany .	The treaty would have created a European Defence Community ( EDC ) with a pan-European defence force .
A de Sitter universe has no ordinary matter content but with a positive cosmological constant ( formula_2 ) that sets the expansion rate , formula_3 .	A larger cosmological constant leads to a larger expansion rate :
It was first published on 6 June 1981 as a one-off supplement in the `` Sounds '' newspaper .	Named after the onomatopoeic word that derives from the sound made when playing a power chord on a distorted electric guitar , `` Kerrang ! ''
The Fast Carrier Task Force was the main striking force of the United States Navy in the Pacific War from January 1944 through the end of the war in August 1945 .	The task force was made up of several separate task groups , each typically built around three to four aircraft carriers and their supporting vessels .
However , in the area of therapeutics , the Eclectics carried on a rigorous campaign against excesses of drugging and bleeding , which were still practices used by many physicians at the time .	In addition , all but one of their medical schools were open to women .
She was recommissioned at the outbreak of the American Civil War and returned to service as the flagship of the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron .	During the first day of the Battle of Hampton Roads on 8 March 1862 , `` Minnesota '' ran aground , and the following battle badly damaged her and inflicted many casualties .
Words like `` approximate '' , `` approximately '' and `` approximation '' are used especially in technical or scientific contexts .	In everyday English , words such as `` roughly '' or `` around '' are used with a similar meaning .
Jean Monnet has been called `` The Father of Europe '' by those who see his innovative and pioneering efforts in the 1950s as the key to establishing the European Coal and Steel Community , the predecessor of today ’ s European Union .	Never elected to public office , Monnet worked behind the scenes of American and European governments as a well-connected `` pragmatic internationalist '' .
In `` U.S. V. Hooper '' , 26 CMR 417 ( CMA , 1958 ) , Hooper was tried by general court-martial for sodomy , conduct of a nature to bring discredit upon the Armed Forces , and conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman .	Hooper had retired as a rear admiral in 1950 , and the acts for which he was tried were committed after he had retired .
Its use developed in early medieval Europe .	At many stages of medieval Christian culture it was unseemly for a married woman to show her hair .
Henry I , Prince of Joinville , Duke of Guise , Count of Eu ( 31 December 1550 – 23 December 1588 ) , sometimes called `` Le Balafré '' ( `` Scarface '' ) , was the eldest son of Francis , Duke of Guise , and Anna d'Este .	His maternal grandparents were Ercole II d'Este , Duke of Ferrara , and Renée of France .
The complex is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as the `` Nubian Monuments '' , which run from Abu Simbel downriver to Philae ( near Aswan ) .	The twin temples were originally carved out of the mountainside in the 13th century BC , during the 19th dynasty reign of the Pharaoh Ramesses II .
Fernanda was born and raised in a middle-class family of the South Zone of Rio de Janeiro .	Her first notable public appearance was the backing vocal of the band Blitz until 1986 .
The son of Henry Jenkins , a carpenter who occasionally made musical instruments , he may have been the `` Jack Jenkins '' employed in the household of Anne Russell , Countess of Warwick in 1603 .	The first positive historical record of Jenkins is amongst the musicians who performed the masque `` The Triumph of Peace '' in 1634 at the court of King Charles I. Jenkins was considered a virtuoso on the lyra viol .
Then they used pre-recorded tape effects and live sound processing .	By 1983 they had eliminated normal instruments in favor of what they called `` cracked everyday electronics '' .
He was taken on by the Birmingham Repertory Theatre in his teens , and after a break for compulsory military service he began a West End career in 1950 , succeeding Richard Burton in `` The Lady 's Not For Burning '' .	In the 1950s he appeared in revue , musicals , operetta and on television as well as in classic and modern drama in the theatre .
She was born in São Luís , Maranhão .	Her father was a military musician who worked as the conductor of the corps marching band .
Other important examples are 1,2-benzoquinone ( `` ortho '' -quinone ) , 1,4-naphthoquinone and 9,10-anthraquinone .	Quinones are oxidized derivatives of aromatic compounds and are often readily made from reactive aromatic compounds with electron-donating substituents such as phenols and catechols , which increase the nucleophilicity of the ring and contributes to the large redox potential needed to break aromaticity .
The term `` Hessians '' is used by Americans to refer to all German troops fighting on the British side , a form of synecdoche as 65 % of the German troops came from the German states of Hesse-Kassel and Hesse-Hanau , while the remainder were leased from other small German states .	The Hessians were led by Wilhelm von Knyphausen , entering British service as entire units , fighting under their own German flags , commanded by their usual officers , and wearing their existing uniforms .
Thomas Henderson FRSE FRS FRAS ( 28 December 1798 – 23 November 1844 ) was a Scottish astronomer and mathematician noted for being the first person to measure the distance to Alpha Centauri , the major component of the nearest stellar system to Earth , the first to determine the parallax of a fixed star , and for being the first Astronomer Royal for Scotland .	Born in Dundee , he was educated at the High School of Dundee , after which he trained as a lawyer , working his way up through the profession as an assistant to a variety of nobles .
The 2006 elections saw the party slump to just three seats , the worst electoral performance in its history .	In November 2008 , party members voted to disband the party in order to join the new Jewish Home party created by a merger of the NRP and most of the National Union factions .
The inscription is considered significant because , if genuine , it might provide archaeological evidence for Jesus of Nazareth .	However , while the ossuary itself is accepted as authentic to the time period , the inscription itself could be a modern forgery .
Moses Wilhelm Shapira was born in 1830 to Polish-Jewish parents in Kamenets-Podolski , which at the time was part of Russian-annexed Poland ( in modern-day Ukraine ) .	Shapira 's father emigrated to Ottoman Palestine and in 1856 , at the age of 25 , Moses Shapira followed .
After graduating from a high school in Sendai , he obtained a job in a manufacturing company .	He became intrigued by archaeology when he was a child , finding shards of Jōmon pottery in the backyard of his house .
The Setesdal Line ( ) was a railway between Kristiansand and Byglandsfjord in southern Norway , long .	It was built with a narrow gauge of , and opened to Hægeland 26 November 1895 , and to Byglandsfjord 27 November 1896 .
Greece is a country in southeastern Europe .	Greece is developed country with an advanced high-income economy , a high quality of life , and a very high standard of living .
Countess Andrée Eugénie Adrienne de Jongh GM ( 30 November 1916 – 13 October 2007 ) was a member of the Belgian Resistance during the Second World War .	She organised the Comet line ( `` Le Réseau Comète '' ) for escaped Allied soldiers and airmen .
After his death , Western films and books cast him as a hanging judge , although he is known to have sentenced only two men to hang , one of whom escaped .	Roy Bean was born in 1825 in Mason County , Kentucky and was the youngest of five , ( four sons and a daughter ) , of Phantly Roy Bean , Sr. and the former Anna Henderson Gore .
Such discrepancies are common , and pilots ' official scores are often lower than those claimed by the pilots themselves , due to difficulties in providing appropriate witnesses or verifying wreckage , and variations in military reports due to loss or destruction .	Saburō Sakai was born on 25 August 1916 in Saga in Japan .
Ivan Logginovich Goremykin ( , `` Ivan Logginovič Goremykin '' ; 8 November 183924 December 1917 ) was a conservative Russian politician who served as Prime Minister in 1906 , and from 1914–1916 , during World War I .	He was the last person to have the civil rank of Active Privy Councillor , 1st class .
She was born Henrietta Howland Robinson in 1834 in New Bedford , Massachusetts , the daughter of Edward Mott Robinson and Abby Robinson ( née Howland ) , the richest whaling family in the city .	Her family members were Quakers who owned a large whaling fleet and also profited from the China trade .
Fontana Records is a record label which was started in the 1950s as a subsidiary of the Dutch Philips Records .	The independent label distributor Fontana Distribution takes its name from the label .
The original headquarters of Dot Records was in Gallatin , Tennessee .	Many of the earliest recordings were in the on-air production studios of WHIN , which Wood owned .
The value of an expression of this type is a positive rational number ; for instance the Egyptian fraction above sums to 43/48 .	Every positive rational number can be represented by an Egyptian fraction .
Cole was a great-nephew of the Anglo-Irish poet Aubrey de Vere .	Horace 's paternal grandfather had made his fortune dealing in quinine , while his mother 's family claimed kinship with the Earls of Oxford and the right to the position of Lord Great Chamberlain of England .
Brian Julian Warry Stonehouse MBE ( 29 August 1918 – 2 December 1998 ) was a British painter and Special Operations Executive agent during World War II .	He was born in Torquay , England and had a brother , Dale .
Mother Ruby Macie Muhammad , formerly Grier ( March 20 , 1907 – March 2 , 2011 ) was an African American religious figure and centenarian known as the `` Mother of the Nation of Islam . ''	She was born on a farm in Sandersville , Georgia and grew up in Americus .
Derby Records was an independent record label founded by Larry Newton in 1949 .	The label 's logo featured a Derby hat .
In the 1930s she attended Sorbonne University and became a teacher .	After her marriage , she moved to Algeria with her husband Maurice Carré , who was later killed in World War II , during the campaign of Italy .
Bleicher was born in Tettnang .	He served as a private soldier in the First World War in the pioneer gas corps and was captured near the Somme .
Early recordings on the label covered a range of styles including R & B , gospel , jazz , and polka .	The first singles on the label included some by the vocal group the Four Blues ( who also recorded gospel as the Golden Echo Quartet ) , Billy Eckstine , and Benny Carter .
He came from a family of decayed nobility , and worked in the service of exiled royalists who returned to England under King Charles II .	Little else is known of his history .
Honoré Théodore Maxime Gazan de la Peyrière ( October 29 , 1765 – April 9 , 1845 ) was a French general who fought in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .	Gazan started his military career as a cannonier in the French Coast Guard .
Many critics argued that `` Fragments '' no longer had any literary value .	Swiss historian and anti-Semitism expert Stefan Maechler later wrote , `` Once the professed interrelationship between the first-person narrator , the death-camp story he narrates , and historical reality are proved palpably false , what was a masterpiece becomes kitsch . ''
The Venlo Incident was a covert German `` Sicherheitsdienst '' ( SD-Security Service ) operation , in the course of which two British Secret Intelligence Service ( SIS ) agents were abducted on the outskirts of the town of Venlo , the Netherlands , on 9 November 1939 .	The incident was later used by the German Nazi government to link Britain to Georg Elser 's failed assassination attempt on German Chancellor Adolf Hitler at the Bürgerbräukeller in Munich , Germany , on 8 November 1939 and to help justify Germany 's invasion of the Netherlands , while a neutral country , on 10 May 1940 .
She is one of a small number of women with a documented record of military combat experience in that war .	She served 17 months in the army under the name `` Robert Shirtliff '' ( also spelled in various sources as Shirtliffe and Shurtleff ) of Uxbridge , Massachusetts , was wounded in 1782 , and was honorably discharged at West Point , New York , in 1783 .
Damon was headquartered in Kansas City , Missouri .	Damon used musicians and singers who were not members of the American Federation of Musicians labor union to make recordings during the ban on Union recordings ordered by James Petrillo .
The group was initially composed of Keith Rowe on guitar , Lou Gare on saxophone , and Eddie Prévost on drums .	The three men shared an interest in exploring music beyond the boundaries of conventional jazz , as in free jazz and free improvisation .
The Villa Borghese gardens still cover of green on the site , now in the heart of Rome , above the Spanish Steps .	The fabled gardens of Lucullus were among the most influential in the history of gardening .
Elis Regina Carvalho Costa ( ; March 17 , 1945 – January 19 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Elis Regina , was a Brazilian singer of popular and jazz music .	She became nationally renowned in 1965 after singing `` Arrastão '' ( composed by Edu Lobo and Vinícius de Moraes ) in the first edition of TV Excelsior festival song contest , and soon joined `` O Fino da Bossa '' , a television program on TV Record .
Following Operation Yoav , the Egyptian Army tried to stabilize a defensive line between its two arms of controlled territory in the Negev , along the Beer Sheva-Gaza road .	With international peace-efforts intensifying , both sides felt that the war was drawing to a close , and such a strong defensive line would help Egypt claim the majority of western and southern Negev , which included some Israeli settlements .
Caterina Irene Elena Maria Boyle , Lady Saunders ( née Imperiali dei Principi di Francavilla ; 29 May 1926 – 20 March 2018 ) , usually known as Katie Boyle and also credited as Catherine Boyle and Catherine Boyl , was a British actress , writer , radio announcer , television personality , game-show panellist and animal rights activist .	She became best known for presenting the Eurovision Song Contest on four occasions , in 1960 , 1963 , 1968 and in 1974 ; the first three in London and the last presentation in Brighton , England .
He went on to be Senior Naval Officer , Gibraltar and then Commander-in-Chief on the South East Coast of America Station .	Wallis was promoted to senior flag officer positions and was still carried on the active list at 100 years old when he died .
`` Broadcast '' discs were 8-inch ( later increased to 9-inch ) and `` Broadcast Twelve '' discs were 10-inch 78rpm gramophone records , but with small labels and a fine groove pitch so they would play as long as regular 10- and 12-inch discs respectively .	They ceased production in 1934 .
The building was constructed between 1973 and 1976 on the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss ( City Palace ) , and was completely demolished by 2008 to make room for a reconstruction of the Stadtschloss , which began in 2013 .	The Palast was constructed from 1973 to 1976 , having bronze-mirrored windows as a defining architectural feature .
Its symbol is a green olive tree against a yellow background , with its soldiers wearing a brown beret .	It is one of the most highly decorated infantry units in the IDF .
Huntly ( or `` Hunndaidh '' ) is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , formerly known as Milton of Strathbogie or simply Strathbogie .	It had a population of 4,460 in 2004 and is the site of Huntly Castle .
It was captured by Israeli forces in Operation Yoav against the defending Egyptian Army during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War .	The village infrastructure , with the exception of the police station built by the British Mandate authorities , was destroyed .
Its graduate center is in Fort Mason on Pier 2 in the Golden Gate National Recreation Center which originally was an army post .	Approximately 400 undergraduates and 200 graduate students are enrolled .
Albert Edwin Condon ( November 16 , 1905 – August 4 , 1973 ) was an American jazz banjoist , guitarist , and bandleader .	A leading figure in Chicago jazz , he also played piano and sang .
The following routes are maintained by the Ministry of Transportation as part of British Columbia 's highway system , but they are Currently unnumbered .	Provincially maintained roads with informal or unofficial numbers :
Its roster included Coleman Hawkins , Earl Hines , Erroll Garner , and Lester Young .	At age 14 , Thiele was a disc jockey for his own jazz radio show , edited his own jazz magazine , and played clarinet with bands in New York City .
She is best known for using her vast fortune to continue construction on the Winchester mansion in San Jose , California , for 20 years .	Popular legends , which began during her lifetime , held that she was convinced she was cursed , and the only way to alleviate it was to add on to her California home .
Some of the artifacts have been moved to the museum , which is in nearby Villahermosa , the capital of Tabasco .	The Olmec were one of the first civilizations to develop in the Americas .
The Communist Party and its allies played an important role in the United States labor movement , particularly in the 1930s and 1940s , but never succeeded , with rare exceptions , either in bringing the labor movement around to its agenda of fighting for socialism and full workers ' control over industry , or in converting their influence in any particular union into membership gains for the Party .	The CP has had only negligible influence in labor since its supporters ' defeat in internal union political battles in the aftermath of World War II and the CIO 's expulsion of the unions in which they held the most influence in 1950 .
Crow T. Robot is a fictional character from the American science fiction comedy television series `` Mystery Science Theater 3000 '' ( `` MST3K '' ) .	Crow is a robot , who , along with others , ridicules poor-quality B movies .
The town lies in the valley or `` dale '' of the River Kent , from which it derives its name , and has a total resident population of 28,586 , making it the third largest settlement in Cumbria behind Carlisle and Barrow-in-Furness .	Kendal today is known largely as a centre for tourism , as the home of Kendal mint cake , and as a producer of pipe tobacco and tobacco snuff .
It was located 24 kilometers north of Gaza , between Ashkelon and Ashdod .	Remains from the fifth and sixth century CE have been found here , together with Byzantine ceramics .
Specialty Records was an American record label founded in Los Angeles in 1945 by Art Rupe .	It was known for rhythm and blues , gospel , and early rock and roll , having recorded Little Richard , Guitar Slim , Percy Mayfield , and Lloyd Price .
Some have argued that a strain of American exceptionalism made U.S. workers resistant to parties that emphasized class struggle ; others have contended that downplaying political and social agendas for the sake of unity , short-term gains and building strong unions was at the cost of a potential labor party .	Others contend instead that the left lost its power to lead the labor movement by what commenters charged were 'ideological zig-zags ' .
Greek National Road 9 ( , abbreviated as EO9 ) is a single carriageway with at-grade intersections in the West Greece and Peloponnese regions .	It runs along the west coast of the Peloponnese peninsula , from Patras to Methoni via Pyrgos .
Lakeside is a small settlement at the south end of Windermere , England .	Now in the English county of Cumbria , before county reorganisation of 1974 it was in Lancashire , as part of the region known as Furness .
The Fraser spiral illusion is an optical illusion that was first described by the British psychologist Sir James Fraser ( 1863 – 1936 ) in 1908 .	The illusion is also known as the false spiral , or by its original name , the twisted cord illusion .
Givati soldiers are designated by purple berets .	The Brigade 's symbol is the fox , alluding to Shualei Shimshon ( שועלי שמשון , `` lit . ''
States focused on rhythm and blues , jazz , and gospel .	States was operated by Leonard Allen and Lew Simpkins until Simpkins ' death in April 1953 ; thereafter , Allen was solely responsible for the company .
It lay on the highway constructed by the British during World War II , which paralleled the coastal highway .	The site was known during the Crusades as Coquebel .
Shimon Avidan ( Hebrew : שמעון אבידן ; February 7 , 1911 – September 11 , 1994 ) , born Siegbert Koch ( Hebrew : זיגברט קוך ) , was an Israeli soldier and officer , the commander of the Givati Brigade during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war .	Born in Germany , he moved to Mandatory Palestine in 1934 , and lived on Kibbutz Ayelet HaShahar and then Ein HaShofet He fought with the International Brigades during the Spanish Civil War .
The company went bankrupt in 1953 but continued releasing singles as late as February 1954 .	Ray Charles , Percy Mayfield , Lowell Fulson , and other rhythm and blues and swing era artists of the 1940s first recorded for this company .
In 1947 , all four battalions of the 144th Infantry Regiment were placed into the Division as Mechanized infantry units .	Beginning in the northern and northeastern areas of the State , there were 111 units in 56 Texas cities by 1952 .
At the turn of the 19th century , Europe had begun to feel the impact of	momentous political and intellectual movements that , among their other effects ,
The Alcmaeonidae or Alcmaeonids ( ) were a powerful noble family of ancient Athens , a branch of the Neleides who claimed descent from the mythological Alcmaeon , the great-grandson of Nestor .	The first notable Alcmaeonid was Megacles , who was the Archon Eponymous of Athens in the 7th century BC .
Other Tennessee Records performers included Edgar Clayton and Helen Carter .	Tennessee Records ( along with the Republic label ) was owned by Alan and Reynolds Bubis .
Most of Fiordland is dominated by the steep sides of the snow-capped Southern Alps , deep lakes , and its steep , glacier-carved and now ocean-flooded western valleys .	The name `` Fiordland '' comes from a variant spelling of the Scandinavian word for this type of steep valley , `` fjord '' .
Instead of the mainstream charismatic label , however , the movement has preferred the term `` Empowered Evangelicals '' ( a term coined by Rich Nathan and Ken Wilson in their book of the same name ) to reflect their roots in traditional evangelicalism as opposed to classical Pentecostalism .	Members also sometimes describe themselves as the `` radical middle '' between evangelicals and Pentecostals , which is a reference to the book `` The Quest for the Radical Middle , '' a historical survey of the Vineyard by Bill Jackson .
Hendricks was born in Nashville , Tennessee .	A lifetime resident of Nashville , she was surrounded by the influences of early country music and the remaining vestiges of ragtime , particularly through the guitar pickers .
The Pueblo de San Jose de Guadalupe was connected with Mission Santa Clara by The Alameda which was part of the historic El Camino Real .	The original adobe structure was damaged by earthquakes in 1818 and 1822 , and a new adobe church was built from 1835 to 1846 .
The original host was Michael Aspel from 1979 to 1984 , followed by Michael Parkinson from 1984 to 1992 .	The show featured two teams , one captained by Lionel Blair and the other by Una Stubbs .
Through a flashback three years earlier with himself as a first year cadet ( or `` knob '' ) he found the regimen at CMI to be physically and emotionally brutal .	Will is not interested in a military career , and had only attended as a deathbed promise to his father , a CMI alumnus , who died of cancer several years ago .
Michael Terence Aspel ( born 12 January 1933 ) is an English television presenter on programmes such as `` Crackerjack '' , `` Aspel & Company '' , `` This is Your Life '' , `` Strange but True ? ''	and `` Antiques Roadshow '' .
It was officially re-adopted when the independence of East Timor was restored in 2002 following a United Nations intervention .	The music was composed by , and the words were written by the poet Francisco Borja da Costa , who was killed at the time of the invasion .
It is located north-west of Hamilton at the confluence of the Waikato and Waipa Rivers , adjacent to the Hakarimata Range .	Ngaruawahia lies within the Hamilton Urban Area , the fourth largest urban area in New Zealand .
The President of the Continental Congress was the presiding officer of the Continental Congress , the convention of delegates that emerged as the first ( transitional ) national government of the United States during the American Revolution .	The president was a member of Congress elected by the other delegates to serve as a neutral discussion moderator during meetings of Congress .
Their initial career lasted until 1990 , and singer Rubinstein committed suicide three years later following a series of tragic events .	In 2006 , Bakija reformed the band with bassist Al Pike , drummer Javier Madriaga , and several new members .
Development of `` Sonic Adventure 2 '' began following the completion of its predecessor .	Development took 18 months ; it was produced in commemoration of the `` Sonic '' series ' tenth anniversary and was designed to be faster-paced and more action-oriented than the original .
It was originally composed as the soundtrack album for the film `` The Last Temptation of Christ '' , but Gabriel spent several months after the film 's release further developing the music , finally releasing it as a full-fledged album instead of a movie soundtrack .	It is seen as a landmark in the popularisation of world music , and won a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album in 1990 .
The County of Castile separated in 931 , the County of Portugal separated to become the independent Kingdom of Portugal in 1139 and the eastern , inland part of León was joined to the Kingdom of Castile in 1230 .	From 1296 to 1301 , the Kingdom of León was again independent and after the re-union with Castile remained a Crown until 1833 , but as part of a united Spain from 1479 .
Jughead was developed by Rhett Jones in 1993 at the University of Utah .	The name `` Jughead '' was originally chosen to match the Archie search engine , as Jughead Jones is Archie 's friend in Archie Comics .
Lambert was born in Crawfordsville , Indiana .	She attended the John Herron School of Art and the Art Institute of Chicago to study fashion .
Blood tests are often used in health care to determine physiological and biochemical states , such as disease , mineral content , pharmaceutical drug effectiveness , and organ function .	Typical clinical blood panels include a basic metabolic panel or a complete blood count .
The neighborhood was devoted to agriculture for many years .	Earthquakes struck the area in 1971 and 1994 .
Before World War I , Le Flem produced several major works , including his First Symphony , a Fantasy for Piano and Orchestra , and an opera .	The war temporarily put an end to his compositional activities , and in its aftermath he devoted himself to music criticism and choral conducting .
Anthrocon 2017 drew 7,544 attendees , with 1,890 fursuiters participating in the fursuit parade .	Since moving to Pittsburgh in 2006 , the convention draws millions in financing to the local economy ; particularly , the 2015 convention brought $ 5.7 million to the city of Pittsburgh .
In the late 19th century , the study of continued fractions to solve the moment problem by P. L. Chebyshev and then A.A. Markov and T.J. Stieltjes led to the general notion of orthogonal polynomials .	For given polynomials formula_1 and formula_2 the classical orthogonal polynomials formula_3 are characterized by being solutions of the differential equation
Due to its glassy internal structure , obsidian is relatively easy to work , as it breaks in very predictable and controlled ways via conchoidal fracturing .	This contributed to its prolific use throughout Mesoamerica .
In early modern Europe it came to signify freedom and the pursuit of liberty through a confusion with the `` pileus '' , the felt cap of manumitted ( emancipated ) slaves of ancient Rome .	In artistic representations it signifies freedom and the pursuit of liberty .
Mac Lane was born in Norwich , Connecticut , near where his family lived in Taftville .	He was christened `` Leslie Saunders MacLane '' , but `` Leslie '' fell into disuse because his parents , Donald MacLane and Winifred Saunders , came to dislike it .
He is considered by drama historians as one of the three founders of Chinese spoken drama , together with Ouyang Yuqian and Hong Shen .	His most famous legacy may be the lyrics he wrote for `` March of the Volunteers '' in 1934 , which were later adopted as the national anthem of the People 's Republic of China .
`` The Fundamentals '' was a series of twelve 128-page booklets defending the 'fundamentals ' of the faith , such as the inerrancy of the Bible , the virgin birth of Christ and the literal return of Christ .	In 1920 Curtis Lee Laws , a Baptist editor of `` The Watchman-Examiner '' , coined the term 'fundamentalist ' and defined a fundamentalist as one `` ready to do battle royal for the Fundamentals of the faith . ''
Following the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC , the Macedonian 's conquests were divided amongst the diadochi at the Partition of Babylon .	The former Achaemenid satrapy of Media was divided into two states : The greater ( southern ) part – `` Media Magna '' was assigned to Peithon , one of Alexander 's bodyguards .
In the 1970s and 1980s , the magazine printed monthly and was marketed mainly to women , although it had a significant gay male readership .	The magazine was founded in 1973 by Douglas Lambert during the height of the feminist movement as a response to erotic men 's magazines such as `` Playboy '' and `` Penthouse '' that featured similar photos of women .
He won two American League Most Valuable Player awards .	In his best season , 1982 , the Brewers made a World Series appearance .
The name Atossa ( or Atusa ) means `` the girl with beautiful legs '' .	It can also mean `` well trickling '' or `` well granting '' .
He was the founder and owner of the defunct TV and media company CanWest Global Communications Corp and father to its former CEO and President Leonard Asper , former director and corporate secretary Gail Asper , as well as former Executive Vice President David Asper .	He was also the leader of the Manitoba Liberal Party from 1970 to 1975 and is credited with the idea and vision to establish the Canadian Museum for Human Rights .
Peter Charles Archibald Ewart Jennings ( July 29 , 1938August 7 , 2005 ) was a Canadian-American journalist who served as the sole anchor of `` ABC World News Tonight '' from 1983 until his death from lung cancer in 2005 .	Despite dropping out of high school , he transformed himself into one of American television 's most prominent journalists .
The European interest in Coptology may have started as early as the 15th century AD .	The term was used in 1976 when the First International Congress of Coptology was held in Cairo under the title `` Colloquium on the Future of Coptic Studies '' ( 11-17 December ) .
He then continued to serve as a director and as chairman of the executive committee of the board , and remained the controlling shareholder .	Power Corporation of Canada is a diversified international management and holding company with interests in companies in the financial services , renewable energy , communications and other business sectors .
This order includes whales , porpoises , and dolphins .	Brain size was previously considered a major indicator of the intelligence of an animal .
BC Rail , known as the British Columbia Railway between 1972 and 1984 and as the Pacific Great Eastern Railway ( PGE ) before 1972 , was a railway that operated in the Canadian province of British Columbia between 1912 and 2004 .	It was a class II regional railway and the third-largest in Canada , operating of mainline track .
Agriculture in Mesoamerica dates to the Archaic period of Mesoamerican chronology ( 8000–2000 BC ) .	At the beginning of the Archaic period , the Early Hunters of the late Pleistocene era ( 50,000–10,000 BC ) led nomadic lifestyles , relying on hunting and gathering for sustenance .
`` Síol '' is a Gaelic word meaning `` progeny '' or `` seed '' that is used in the context of a family or clan with members who bear the same surname and inhabited the same territory , as a manner of distinguishing one group from another ; a family called `` Mac an Bháird '' ( anglicised as `` Ward '' ) might be divided into septs such as `` Síol Seán Mac Briain '' , `` Síol Conchobhair Óg '' , `` Síol Sean Cuinn '' , or `` Síol Cú Chonnacht '' .	Each of these individual septs may further subdivide into more septs , which may sometimes lead to the development of novel surnames and/or the rise of the family such that it may be considered a clan in its own right .
Its melting point ranges from 176 to 178 °C .	The compound can exist in a monocyclic aldehyde form or in a bicyclic hemiacetal ( lactol ) form .
Although some have credited him as the `` Father of Cinematography '' , his work did not influence the commercial development of cinema—owing at least in part to the great secrecy surrounding it .	A Frenchman who also worked in the United Kingdom and the United States , Le Prince 's motion-picture experiments culminated in 1888 in the city of Leeds , England .
Boxcars have side doors of varying size and operation , and some include end doors and adjustable bulkheads to load very large items .	Similar covered freight cars outside North America are covered goods wagons and , depending on the region , are called goods van ( UK ) , louvre van ( Australia ) , covered wagon ( UIC and UK ) or simply van ( UIC and UK ) .
Forty-and-eights ( , typically written 40/8 or 40 & 8 ) were French 4-wheel covered goods wagons designed to hold 40 men or eight horses .	Introduced in the 1870s , they were drafted into military service by the French Army in both World Wars .
Its legal and common name in Chinese is literally translated as the `` Central Bank '' .	The central bank is administered under the Executive Yuan of the ROC government .
The United Kingdom was responsible for foreign affairs and defence of the federation , whilst the states continued to be responsible for their domestic policies .	Even so , the British Resident General would give advice on domestic issues , and the states were bound by treaty to follow that advice .
Breeding males have a black throat .	The species is widely distributed , with several populations breeding in Europe and Asia and migrating to tropical regions in Asia and Africa .
The other species of the genus `` Bucorvus '' is the Abyssinian ground hornbill , `` B. abyssinicus '' .	This is a large bird , at long .
Born into a Jansenist family , Étienne and his mother , who knew Latin , had to go into hiding in the countryside when his father , a clothing merchant made a member of the French nobility by king Louis XV of France with the mention by the king to continue in his trading and shop keeping however , was executed in 1793 during the French Revolution .	Later he studied Arabic under Silvestre de Sacy , ( 1758–1838 ) , a member of the French nobility since 1813 and the son of a public notary with Jewish roots , becoming later a rector at the University of Paris , in the School of Living Oriental Languages .
They have a ridged plate-like structure on the base of their mandible .	All are sexually dimorphic : males of all species are whitish-buff and black , while females of all except the Mindoro hornbill are primarily black .
For the full plain lists of Russian and Soviet cosmonauts in Wikipedia , see	Four female cosmonauts have flown on the Soviet/Russian program : Valentina Tereshkova , Svetlana Savitskaya , Elena V. Kondakova , and Elena O. Serova
The position is often considered to be the most important cabinet post after that of the Prime Minister .	The Minister of Finance is responsible for producing an annual New Zealand budget outlining the government 's proposed expenditure .
In UK politics , the Parliamentary Labour Party ( PLP ) is the parliamentary party of the Labour Party in Parliament : Labour MPs as a collective body .	Commentators on the British Constitution sometimes draw a distinction between the Labour Party ( which was created outside Parliament and later achieved office ) and the Conservative and Liberal parties ( which began as parliamentary factions ) .
Nicknamed `` El Tornado de Tijuana '' ( `` The Tijuana Tornado '' ) , Margarito is known for his aggressive pressure fighting style and exceptionally durable chin .	In 2009 , just before his fight with Shane Mosley , Margarito was involved in an incident where he was caught with illegal hand wraps containing gypsum ( calcium sulfate ) which , when combined with moisture , forms plaster of Paris .
The Co-operative Party is not strictly a `` socialist society '' in the context of the Labour Party .	It is in fact a separate political party with an electoral agreement with the Labour Party .
He held the French national middleweight title twice ( March 1997 to January 1998 and again from March 1999 to October 2000 ) , the WBC International middleweight title ( 1997 ) and the European middleweight title 2002 .	After knocking out previously undefeated Cristian Sanavia of Italy to capture the European middleweight belt on May 11 , 2002 , he became the mandatory challenger for undisputed world champion Bernard Hopkins .
The party was created by the trade unions and socialist societies in 1900 as the Labour Representation Committee .	Since then , the unions have retained close institutional links with the Party .
Labour is one of few British parties to use their annual gathering for voting and policy resolution .	The conference opens on a Sunday and finishes the following Wednesday usually with an address for the Deputy Leader of the Labour Party but some exceptions including 2016 have been made .
His childhood hobbies and interests included cricket and music , mainly the piano .	He had a Methodist upbringing and attended Kingswood Grammar School .
Taqi al-Din Abu al-Abbas Ahmad ibn 'Ali ibn 'Abd al-Qadir ibn Muhammad al-Maqrizi ( 1364–1442 ) ( Arabic : ) was an Egyptian Arab historian more commonly known as al-Maqrizi or Makrizi .	Although he was `` a Mamluk-era historian and himself a Sunni Muslim , he is remarkable in this context for his unusually keen interest in the Isma'ili Fatimid dynasty and its role in Egyptian history . ''
The need for a male heir and the expense of raising children and the Roman inheritance rules ( `` Lex Falcidia '' ) strictly demanding legitimes were strong incentives to have at least one son , but not too many children .	Adoption , the obvious solution , also served to cement ties between families , thus fostering and reinforcing alliances .
The National Executive Committee ( NEC ) is the governing body of the UK Labour Party , setting the overall strategic direction of the party and policy development .	Its composition has changed over the years , and includes representatives of affiliated trade unions , the Parliamentary Labour Party and European Parliamentary Labour Party , constituency Labour parties ( CLP ) , and socialist societies , as well as `` ex officio '' members such as the Party Leader and Deputy Leader and several of their appointees .
He was a scholar of Arabic language , history and literature .	The Dozys , like other contemporary French families , emigrated to the Low Countries after the revocation of the edict of Nantes , but some of the former appear to have settled in the Netherlands as early as 1647 .
The sārangī ( ; Nepali : सारङ्गी ; Hindi : सारंगी ; ) is a bowed , short-necked string instrument from the Indian subcontinent , which is used in Punjabi dhadi music and Hindustani classical music .	It is said to most resemble the sound of the human voice – able to imitate vocal ornaments such as `` gamaks '' ( shakes ) and `` meends '' ( sliding movements ) .
It 's Special Jaeger Company ( ) served during the War in Afghanistan by training security officials in medical care , firearms , and operational planning , and has been in standby duties as a part of the European Union Battlegroups and NATO Response Force .	The Finnish special forces trace their history to the four long-range reconnaissance patrol detachments ( ' ) and Detached Battalion 4 ( ' ) , which fought in the Continuation War and Lapland War during 1941–1944 .
Carolynn Marie `` Lynn '' Hill ( born January 3 , 1961 ) is a U.S. rock climber .	Widely regarded as one of the leading competitive sport climbers in the world during the late 1980s and early 1990s , she is famous for making the first free ascent of the difficult sheer rock face of `` The Nose '' on El Capitan in Yosemite Valley , and for repeating it the next year in less than 24 hours .
He competed in Formula One for 14 seasons , twice finishing 3rd overall in the championship ( 1988 and 1994 ) , both times driving for Ferrari .	He won ten Grands Prix , achieved 48 podiums , 12 poles and 21 fastest laps .
ACH Network is a United States electronic payment network that processes financial transactions for the Automated Clearing House .	ACH processes large volumes of credit and debit transactions in batches .
The height of the cut grass may be fixed by the design of the mower , but generally is adjustable by the operator , typically by a single master lever , or by a lever or nut and bolt on each of the machine 's wheels .	The blades may be powered by muscle , with wheels mechanically connected to the cutting blades so that when the mower is pushed forward , the blades spin , or the machine may have a battery-powered or plug-in electric motor .
She is best known for her 15-year run ( 1985–2000 ) on the talk show `` Live !	with Regis and Kathie Lee '' , which she co-hosted with Regis Philbin .
Calvary Baptist Church is located at 123 West 57th Street between the Avenue of the Americas ( Sixth Avenue ) and Seventh Avenue , near Carnegie Hall in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .	It is an independent , non-affiliated church .
Then , in August 1859 , two surveyors who helped to set up Colorado City explored the site .	One of the surveyors , M. S. Beach , suggested that it would be a `` capital place for a beer garden '' .
The endemic species and subspecies of this group have a number of characteristics that make them quite special within their family ( Lacertidae ) ; their only close relatives are the sandrunner lizards ( `` Psammodromus '' ) of the western Mediterranean region .	`` Gallotia '' are characteristic for eating significant quantities of plants , and for several lineages having evolved insular gigantism .
She created over 400 gardens in the United Kingdom , Europe and the United States , and wrote over 1,000 articles for magazines such as `` Country Life '' and William Robinson 's `` The Garden '' .	Jekyll has been described as `` a premier influence in garden design '' by British and American gardening enthusiasts .
The approximately 40 species in the genus `` Acanthodactylus '' are native to a wide area in North Africa , southern Europe and Western Asia ; across the Sahara Desert , to the Iberian Peninsula , and east through the Arabian Peninsula , to Afghanistan and western India .	Though lizards of the genus `` Acanthodactylus '' prefer dry and sparsely vegetated regions , they are not strictly tied to an arid terrain ; so it is not uncommon to come across them in various environments .
Adolfus is a genus of lizards of the family Lacertidae .	The genus is endemic to subsaharan Africa .
Darevskia is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae .	It includes 32 species , 27 of which are found in northern Eurasia .
`` Gastropholis '' is derived from the ancient Greek words `` gaster '' ( γαστήρ ) which means `` belly , stomach '' and , `` pholis '' ( φολῐ́ς ) , a `` horny scale of a reptile '' .	The common name of these lizards is Keel-bellied Lizards .
Holaspis is a genus of equatorial African lizards in the family Lacertidae .	These lizards are capable of gliding flight for distances of 30 meters ( 98 feet ) .
`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Heliobolus '' .	The specific names , `` neumanni '' and `` spekii '' , are in honor of German ornithologist Oscar Neumann and British explorer John Hanning Speke , respectively .
The genus `` Lacerta '' contains the following species .	Arranged alphabetically by specific name :
Their common name is Long-tailed Lizards .	Jacques von Bedriaga named this genus in honor of French herpetologist Fernand Lataste .
Desert lizards have fine , granular dorsal scales .	The hind toes are elongated and possess fringes of scales .
They are small lacertids characterized by transparent lower eyelids that are completely or partially fused with the upper lids to form a cap over the eye .	Species of the genus `` Ophisops '' are distributed in southeast Europe , northeast Africa , to west Asia .
`` Philochortus '' means grass-loving ( Greek : `` philos '' = friend , `` chortos '' = grass ) .	The common name of `` Philochortus '' species is therefore grass-loving lizards , or shield-backed ground lizards because of their typical back scalation and terrestrial habitat .
Its members look very similar to lizards of the genus `` Lacerta '' , to which they were considered to belong until the 1970s .	While similar externally and ecologically , `` Podarcis '' form a distinct group differing from `` Lacerta '' by the construction of the skull and the hemipenis , and by the processes of the caudal vertebrae .
`` Poromera '' is derived from the Greek words `` póros '' ( πόρος ) which means `` pore '' or `` duct '' and `` mērós '' ( μηρός ) which means `` thigh '' .	`` Poromera '' refers to the long series of femoral pores on the thighs of this species .
Pseuderemias is a genus of lizards of the family Lacertidae .	Common names for the genus are false sand lizards or racerunners .
Takydromus is a genus of lizards , commonly called grass lizards or oriental racers .	Species of the genus `` Takydromus '' are endemic to a large part of Asia .
All species in the genus `` Tropidosaura '' are found in South Africa .	The following four species are recognized .
The Mainland and Hong Kong Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement , or Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement ( CEPA ) for short , is an economic agreement between the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Central People 's Government of the People 's Republic of China , signed on 29 June 2003 .	A similar agreement , known as the Mainland and Macau Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement , was signed between the Government of the Macau Special Administrative Region and the Central People 's Government on 18 October 2003 .
It consists of five different species , of which there are two subspecies .	Their nearest living relatives are lizards .
For example , the mean time between failure of a device may be 100,000 hours and the design-life is 20,000 hours .	In this example , across the population of products , one failure will occur , on average , every 100,000 population operating hours .
Pre-schools help provide an environment that stimulates children 's development and learning and enable parents to combine parenthood with work or studies .	During the year before children start compulsory school , all children are offered a place in a pre-school class ( `` förskoleklass '' ) , which combines the pedagogical methods of the pre-school with those of compulsory school .
Alfred-Maurice de Zayas ( born 31 May 1947 , Havana , Cuba ) is an American lawyer , writer , historian , a leading expert in the field of human rights and international law and retired high-ranking United Nations official .	Since 2012 , he has been the UN Independent Expert on the Promotion of a Democratic and Equitable International Order ( appointed by the United Nations Human Rights Council ) .
RateMyProfessors.com ( RMP ) is a review site , founded in May 1999 by John Swapceinski , a software engineer from Menlo Park , California , which allows college and university students to assign ratings to professors and campuses of American , Canadian , and United Kingdom institutions .	The site was originally launched as TeacherRatings.com and converted to RateMyProfessors in 2001 .
Two officers have been conferred with the rank of field marshal , a five-star rank , which is a ceremonial position of great honour .	The Indian Army originated from the armies of the East India Company , which eventually became the British Indian Army , and the armies of the princely states , which finally became the national army after independence .
Epydoc is a documentation generator that processes its own lightweight markup language Epytext for Python documentation strings .	As opposed to freeform Python docstrings , reStructuredText ( both also supported ) and other markup languages for docstrings , Epytext supports linking between different pieces of documentation .
Heavy bombers are bomber aircraft capable of delivering the largest payload of air-to-ground weaponry ( usually bombs ) and longest range of their era .	Archetypal heavy bombers have therefore usually been among the largest and most powerful military aircraft at any point in time .
It is reported as being originally a log church which lasted until it was replaced by a stone structure in the 12th century by the Normans .	In 1389 this church was virtually destroyed by fire .
The company operates five free-to-air terrestrial television channels in Hong Kong , with TVB Jade as its main Cantonese language service , and TVB Pearl as its main English service .	TVB is headquartered at TVB City at the Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate .
The term was used prior to and during World War II , based on available parameters of engine and aeronautical technology for bomber aircraft designs at that time .	After the war , medium bombers were replaced in world air forces by more advanced and capable aircraft .
The Berghof was Adolf Hitler 's home in the Obersalzberg of the Bavarian Alps near Berchtesgaden , Bavaria , Germany .	Other than the `` Wolfsschanze '' ( `` Wolf 's Lair '' ) , his headquarters in East Prussia for the invasion of the Soviet Union , Hitler spent more time at the Berghof than anywhere else during World War II .
Today it is open seasonally as a restaurant , beer garden , and tourist site .	The Kehlsteinhaus sits on a ridge atop the Kehlstein , a subpeak of the Hoher Göll that rises above the town of Berchtesgaden .
( 2012 ) , Bill McKibben of 350.org ( 2013 ) , Medea Benjamin of Code Pink ( 2014 ) , Tom B.K .	Goldtooth ( 2015 ) , Kathy Kelly of Voices for Creative Nonviolence ( 2015 ) , Omar Barghouti ( 2017 ) , Ralph Nader ( 2017 ) , and Jackson Browne .
It is part of the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham , as a border town , it is almost equidistant from Sheffield to Rotherham , and about from Worksop .	Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire , Dinnington is the principal settlement in the civil parish of Dinnington St John 's , which also includes the small satellite hamlets of Throapham and St John 's .
In his early career Galuppi made a modest success in `` opera seria '' , but from the 1740s , together with the playwright and librettist Carlo Goldoni , he became famous throughout Europe for his comic operas in the new `` dramma giocoso '' style .	To the succeeding generation of composers he was known as `` the father of comic opera '' .
Fo Guang Shan is an international Chinese Buddhist monastic order and new religious movement based in Taiwan .	The headquarters of Fo Guang Shan , located in Dashu District , Kaohsiung , is the largest Buddhist monastery in Taiwan .
Hsing Yun ( born 19 August 1927 ) is a Chinese Buddhist monk .	He is the founder of the Fo Guang Shan Buddhist order as well as the affiliated Buddha 's Light International Association in Taiwan .
Buddhist Compassion Relief Tzu Chi Foundation , Republic of China , known for short as the Tzu Chi Foundation ( ; literally `` Compassionate Relief '' ) , is a Taiwanese international humanitarian and non-governmental organization ( NGO ) with over 10 million members worldwide throughout 47 countries .	It is operated by a worldwide network of volunteers and employees and has been awarded a special consultative status at the United Nations Economic and Social Council .
John Galt ( ; 2 May 1779 – 11 April 1839 ) was a Scottish novelist , entrepreneur , and political and social commentator .	Because he was the first novelist to deal with issues of the Industrial Revolution , he has been called the first political novelist in the English language .
Laura Nyro ( ; born Laura Nigro , October 18 , 1947 – April 8 , 1997 ) was an American songwriter , singer , and pianist .	She achieved critical acclaim with her own recordings , particularly the albums `` Eli and the Thirteenth Confession '' ( 1968 ) and `` New York Tendaberry '' ( 1969 ) , and had commercial success with artists such as Barbra Streisand and The 5th Dimension recording her songs .
Hyperreality , in semiotics and postmodernism , is an inability of consciousness to distinguish reality from a simulation of reality , especially in technologically advanced postmodern societies .	Hyperreality is seen as a condition in which what is real and what is fiction are seamlessly blended together so that there is no clear distinction between where one ends and the other begins .
It was the founding member of the university 's modern collegiate system , and its non-denominationalism contrasted with contemporary colleges such as Trinity College and St. Michael 's College , both of which later became part of the University of Toronto .	University College is one of two places in the University of Toronto that has been designated a National Historic Site of Canada , along with Annesley Hall of Victoria College .
He was both the fifth rector and the earliest official to be called `` president '' of Yale College ( 1740–1766 ) .	He is best known for his successful reform of Yale in the 1740s , partnering with the Rev .
The arms contains symbols reflecting Manitoba 's British heritage along with local symbols .	At the upper part of the shield is the red cross of St. George , representing England .
There are several distinct origins of the Lee surname .	The most common is derived from Old English `` lēah '' , meaning a meadow or forest clearing .
Services are operated by Southern .	Access to the platforms – which are in a cutting below street level and which continue under a bridge beneath the road – is possible via a pair of staircases or lifts .
Syllables with the vowel `` a '' are represented by L shapes .	Those with the vowel `` e '' are hook-ended , approximately shaped like a `` J . ''
The insect family Aeshnidae , sometimes called aeshnids , comprises the hawkers ( or darners in North America ) .	They are the largest dragonflies found in North America and Europe and are among the largest dragonflies on the planet .
He studied radio acting with Daws Butler ( `` Time for Beany '' , `` Merrie Melodies '' , `` Yogi Bear '' ) for four years and went on to work with nearly all of the original Hollywood radio actors in classic-style radio dramas .	Burton was unsure at first about pursuing voice work , due to his shy demeanor and Asperger 's syndrome , but credits the diverse world & character design of Disney 's Haunted Mansion attraction as his inspiration to move forward .
The name is written identically to the Chinese name Li 李 in Hanja characters .	It is the second-most-common surname in Korea , behind only Kim .
From 1969 to 1979 , there were 239 kidnappings and 1,020 murders by the guerrillas .	Therefore , the targets were students , militants , trade unionists , writers , journalists , artists and anyone suspected to be a left-wing activist , including Peronist guerrillas .
Living at the time of King Shalmaneser III of Assyria ( ruled 859–824 BC ) , Arame united the Nairi tribe against the threat of the Assyrian Empire .	His capital at Arzashkun was captured by Shalmaneser .
Kim is written as `` 김 '' `` gim '' in Korean .	( `` 김 '' solely by itself has no specific meaning unless specified by its underlying hanja or derived from context . )
Woolen yarn is soft , light , stretchy , and full of air .	It is thus a good insulator , and makes a good knitting yarn .
It is at the junction of the South London Line and the Brighton Main Line , measured from .	It is close to Battersea Park , and not far from Battersea Power Station .
Sweden has a multi-party system with numerous political parties , in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone , and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments .	The letter or letters in brackets after each Swedish party name are the abbreviations commonly used for those parties in the Swedish media .
When released , it was the fastest production road car made .	The Miura was originally conceived by Lamborghini 's engineering team , which designed the car in its spare time against the wishes of company founder Ferruccio Lamborghini , who preferred powerful yet sedate grand touring cars over the race car-derived machines produced by local rival Ferrari .
Sir John Davies ( 16 April 1569 ( baptised ) 8 December 1626 ) was an English poet , lawyer , and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1621 .	He became Attorney General for Ireland and formulated many of the legal principles that underpinned the British Empire .
Jorge Fernando Quiroga Ramírez ( born May 5 , 1960 ) nicknamed `` Tuto Quiroga '' , was President of Bolivia from August 7 , 2001 to August 6 , 2002 .	Quiroga was a candidate in the 2014 presidential election for the Christian Democratic Party .
In late 1966 he formed the Vincent Crane Combo , which comprised bass player Binky McKenzie , sax player John Claydon and drummer Gordon Hadler .	In 1967 he teamed up with Arthur Brown in The Crazy World of Arthur Brown .
The novel is set in the future , on the fictional planet of Shora , a moon covered by water .	The inhabitants of this planet , known as Sharers , are all female .
An aerodrome ( Commonwealth English ) or airdrome ( American English ) is a location from which aircraft flight operations take place , regardless of whether they involve air cargo , passengers , or neither .	Aerodromes include small general aviation airfields , large commercial airports , and military airbases .
He was Rector of Barkham in Berkshire , England , from 1781 until his death .	Davies studied the condition of the labouring poor , recorded statistics of their wages , cost of food , etc .
It is a perennial plant , notable for the profusion of bright scarlet flowers in late summer and autumn .	The name reflects that in the past it used to be treated in a distinct genus `` Zauschneria '' , but modern studies have shown that it is best placed within the genus `` Epilobium '' .
The Oregon State Board of Higher Education was the statutory governing board for the Oregon University System from 1929 to 2015 .	The board was composed of eleven members appointed by the Governor of Oregon and confirmed by the Oregon State Senate .
The headquarter is in Mississauga , Ontario .	Canadian Baptist Ministries have their origins in an American mission established in Sackville , New Brunswick ] in 1763.The `` Canadian Baptist Foreign Mission Board '' was organized in 1912 .
Davies was the son of David Davies and his wife Elizabeth and the eldest of nine children .	He attended the day school at Llandinam but was primarily self-educated .
The mathematical theory behind the KdV equation is a topic of active research .	The KdV equation was first introduced by and rediscovered by .
A heat sink ( also commonly spelled heatsink ) is a passive heat exchanger that transfers the heat generated by an electronic or a mechanical device to a fluid medium , often air or a liquid coolant , where it is dissipated away from the device , thereby allowing regulation of the device 's temperature at optimal levels .	In computers , heat sinks are used to cool central processing units or graphics processors .
He was Emmy Award- and Golden Globe Award-nominated for his titular role in `` '' .	Garcia was born Andrés Arturo García Menéndez in Havana , Cuba .
At this time , the country was divided into 23 electorates who elected either a single member or three members depending on the population within that area .	This basic system continued over a great period of time , with major diversions only in the form of the change to the second ballot system ( a type of Two-round system ) for two elections , in the and ; which was swiftly repealed in 1913 and the change to the mixed-member proportional ( MMP ) system in 1996 .
After the war he became a film star through his work both as a stunt pilot and as an actor .	During the 1930s he worked for a time as a British secret agent , serving as a double agent to Nazi Germany .
In electronics , electrical termination is the practice of ending a transmission line with a device that matches the characteristic impedance of the line .	This is intended to prevent signals from reflecting off the end of the transmission line .
He is best known as the author of the Court 's opinion in `` Roe v. Wade '' , which prohibits many state and federal restrictions on abortion .	Raised in Saint Paul , Minnesota , Blackmun graduated from Harvard Law School in 1932 .
Baroque architecture is the building style of the Baroque era , begun in late 16th-century Italy , that took the Roman vocabulary of Renaissance architecture and used it in a new rhetorical and theatrical fashion , often to express the triumph of the Catholic Church .	It was characterized by new explorations of form , light and shadow , and dramatic intensity .
An audio frequency ( abbreviation : AF ) or audible frequency is characterized as a periodic vibration whose frequency is audible to the average human .	The SI unit of audio frequency is the hertz ( Hz ) .
English is a West Germanic language that originated from Anglo-Frisian dialects brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th centuries AD by Anglo-Saxon settlers from what is now northwest Germany , west Denmark and the Netherlands , displacing the Celtic languages that previously predominated .	The Old English of the Anglo-Saxon era developed into Middle English , which was spoken from the Norman Conquest era to the late 15th century .
Despite his reunion with his wife Penelope and son Telemachus , Ulysses yearns to explore again .	The character of Ulysses ( in Greek , Odysseus ) has been explored widely in literature .
Groups of coins with distinctive characteristics are known as varieties .	The term variety applies to coins with both intended and unintended differences while the term error refers only to coins with unintended differences .
The speaker of the poem concludes that the man had lived an entirely average , therefore exemplary , life .	The poem is a satire of standardization at the expense of individualism .
A Cabinet Minister is explicitly prohibited from interfering with the day-to-day operation in an agency or the outcome in individual cases .	The cardinal rule is that Ministers are not allowed to issue orders to agencies in their portfolio personally ( with only a few exceptions ) as the government agencies are subject to decisions made by the government , although the government can not even directly overrule an agency in the handling of an individual case .
Between 1967–1970 she was a commissioner on the `` Royal Commission on the Status of Women in Canada '' , published in 1970 .	MacGill was born in Vancouver on March 27 , 1905 , youngest daughter of James Henry MacGill , a prominent Vancouver lawyer , part-time journalist , and Anglican deacon , and Helen Gregory MacGill , a journalist and British Columbia 's first woman judge .
The exact date of when the name was first used as the university 's mascot is not known , but photographs in the school 's yearbook document its use as early as the 1940s .	The university 's school newspaper is the first known organization on campus to adopt the beaver as its namesake and did so as early as 1908 .
The term `` building '' used by these lists refers to single structures that are suitable for continuous human occupancy .	There are a few exceptions which include factories and warehouses .
Certain coins are more susceptible to it than others , due to various factors , but it does occur on most series of coins .	During the annealing process of die making , two main errors can occur , resulting in less than perfect dies .
The Cambridge Union Society , commonly referred to as `` The Cambridge Union '' , is a debating and free speech society in Cambridge , England , and the largest society at the University of Cambridge .	It is the oldest continuously running debating society in the world .
Rotational energy or angular kinetic energy is kinetic energy due to the rotation of an object and is part of its total kinetic energy .	Looking at rotational energy separately around an object 's axis of rotation , the following dependence on the object 's moment of inertia is observed :
Although the adult frog was formally described in October 2003 , the taxon was recognized much earlier by its tadpole , which had been described in 1918 .	The species was described from specimens collected in the Idukki district of Kerala by S.D .
It has been treated as the only genus in the family Nasikabatrachidae , or included in the family Sooglossidae .	Two species are recognized , `` Nasikabatrachus bhupathi '' and `` Nasikabatrachus sahyadrensis '' , both endemic to southern India .
Jean ( given names : `` Jean Benoît Guillaume Robert Antoine Louis Marie Adolphe Marc d'Aviano '' ; born 5 January 1921 ) reigned as Grand Duke of Luxembourg from 1964 until his abdication in 2000 .	Jean was the eldest son of Grand Duchess Charlotte and Prince Felix .
To be considered a living fossil , the fossil species must be old relative to the time of origin of the extant clade .	Living fossils commonly are species-poor lineages , but they need not be .
id Software supervised the development of the game as well as providing the id Tech 4 engine upon which it was built .	`` Quake 4 '' went gold in early October 2005 and was released on October 18 , 2005 for Microsoft Windows and later for Linux and OS X , as well as being a launch title for the Xbox 360 .
It was created in 1942 for the Labour politician , former Secretary of State for India and future Secretary of State for Air , William Wedgwood Benn .	He was the second son of Sir John Benn , 1st Baronet , of The Old Knoll .
The offices of the CBAC are located in Saint John , New Brunswick .	The union is one of four components of Canadian Baptist Ministries .
A major stepping-stone towards the Japanese occupation of Korea was the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1905 , in which the then-Korean Empire was declared a protectorate of Japan .	The annexation of Korea by Japan was set up in the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1910 , which was never actually signed by the Korean Regent , Gojong .
For a generic chemical reaction	the standard enthalpy of reaction Δ '' H '' is related to the standard enthalpy of formation Δ '' H '' of the reactants and products by the following equation neglecting the heat of mixing of reagents and products or assuming ideal solutions involved :
Some parts are also open to horse riding .	The trail is administered from a central office in Barnsley , which is responsible for promotion and allocation of funding .
Puretracks works as a behind-the-scene music partner .	Now a division of Somerset Entertainment , owned by Fluid Music , Puretracks has U.S. and Canadian licensing agreements with all major labels and hundreds of independent labels worldwide—enabling them to offer well over three million top music tracks across every genre .
For example , the second-order sentence formula_1 says that for every unary relation ( or set ) `` P '' of individuals , and every individual `` x '' , either `` x '' is in `` P '' or it is not ( this is the principle of bivalence ) .	Second-order logic also includes quantification over sets , functions , and other variables as explained in the section `` Syntax and fragments '' .
New Point was laid out in 1859 .	The town is located approximately one-half mile south of Interstate 74 at Exit 143 .
It was introduced in October 1938 and remained in production until 1941 .	Returning to the market in 1945 , it was offered till 1961 .
By 1823 , due in large part to its easily accessible water power and location at the juncture of prehistoric indigenous trading routes , Ancaster had become Upper Canada 's largest industrial and commercial centre .	Additionally , Ancaster had at that time attracted the 2nd largest populace ( 1,681 ) in Upper Canada trailing only Kingston ( population 2,500 ) , but surpassing the populations of nearby Toronto ( 1,376 ) and Hamilton ( 1,000 ) .
In thermodynamics , a state function or function of state is a function defined for a system relating several `` state variables '' or `` state quantities '' that depends only on the current equilibrium state of the system , for example a gas , a liquid , a solid , crystal , or emulsion .	State functions do not depend on the path by which the system arrived at its present state .
In elementary set theory , Cantor 's theorem is a fundamental result that states that , for any set formula_1 , the set of all subsets of formula_1 ( the power set of formula_1 , denoted by formula_4 ) has a strictly greater cardinality than formula_1 itself .	For finite sets , Cantor 's theorem can be seen to be true by simple enumeration of the number of subsets .
Inspired by new labels such as Addict , from Milwaukee , USA ; Peace Off from Rennes , France ; Sonic Belligeranza from Bologna , Italy ; and Planet Mu , from London , began to take a new shape , adding in more elements of mashup and IDM to the hardcore sounds .	Each of these labels began to draw in aspects of their own social and aesthetic scenes into their music , allowing for an even broader definition of what was possible in the music .
Qarachar Barlas was a descendant of the legendary Mongol warlord `` Bodonchir '' ( `` Bodon Achir '' ; `` Bodon'ar Mungqaq '' ) , who was also considered a direct ancestor of Genghis Khan .	The internal structure of the Barlas ' leading clan consisted of five major lineages– tracing back to the sons of Qarachar– who were important in matters of inheritance but did not constitute separate political or territorial entities .
From January 2017 , the publication frequency is bimonthly ( six issues per year ) .	Circulation in 2012 was 22,593 , as reported in the annual `` Locus '' magazine survey .
Clifton and Frank Sherman founded Dominion Foundries and Steel in 1912 , creating a giant that would bring prosperity and identity to the city of Hamilton , Ontario .	Dofasco was incorporated as Dominion Steel Castings Company Limited in 1912 , becoming Dominion Foundries and Steel Company in 1917 .
1 '' ) .	Afterwards , he studied law at the University of Tartu in Tartu , Estonia .
The municipalities in Estonia cover the entire territory of the country .	Municipalities in Estonia are of two types : urban municipalities or towns ( , singular ) and rural municipalities or parishes ( , singular ) .
It runs from the outskirts of Edinburgh , bypassing the towns of Linlithgow , Falkirk , Grangemouth and Stirling to end at Dunblane .	The road is approximately long , and runs in a roughly north-west direction from the M8 .
It runs from the east of Rotherham to Goole and is approximately long .	A section of the road forms part of the unsigned Euroroute E13 .
Arnold Rüütel ( ) ( born 10 May 1928 ) served as the last Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR from April 8 , 1983 , to March 29 , 1990 , Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR ( from May 8 , 1990 : Supreme Council of the Republic of Estonia ) from March 29 , 1990 , to October 6 , 1992 , and was the third President of Estonia from October 8 , 2001 , to October 9 , 2006 .	He was the second President since Estonia regained independence in 1991 .
It follows on from the A20 at Swanley , meeting the M25 , and continuing on to Folkestone , providing a link to the Channel Tunnel and the ports at Dover .	It is long .
Sir Alexander Richardson Binnie ( 1839–1917 ) was a British civil engineer responsible for several major engineering projects , including several associated with crossings of the River Thames in London .	He trained as an engineer by being articled in 1858 to Terence Flannagan and afterwards to Frederic la Trobe Bateman .
It runs from Junction 4 of the M60 to Dunkirk , near Chester .	With a length of , it is often busy with long-distance commuter traffic towards North Wales .
Ivrea lies in a basin that in prehistoric times formed a large lake .	Today five smaller lakes — Sirio , San Michele , Pistono , Nero and Campagna — are found in the area around the town .
His mother was called Arwi , and his father was al-Mansur .	When al-Mahdi was ten years old , his father became the second Abbasid Caliph .
He completed his secondary schooling at Carey Baptist Grammar School , in Kew .	He then attended the University of Melbourne and graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce ( Hons ) degree and later completed a Master of Business Administration degree at Melbourne Business School .
In mathematical logic , the Löwenheim–Skolem theorem , named for Leopold Löwenheim and Thoralf Skolem , states that if a countable first-order theory has an infinite model , then for every infinite cardinal number κ it has a model of size κ .	The result implies that first-order theories are unable to control the cardinality of their infinite models , and that no first-order theory with an infinite model can have a unique model up to isomorphism .
In conjunction with the M6 motorway , they form one of the three major cross-border routes between Scotland and England .	They are part of the unsigned international E-road network E05 .
A stalking horse is a figure that tests a concept with someone or mounts a challenge against someone on behalf of an anonymous third party .	If the idea proves viable or popular , the anonymous figure can then declare its interest and advance the concept with little risk of failure .
Traffic leaving London at first takes the A2 road ; at New Cross in the London Borough of Lewisham the A20 begins and heads in a south-easterly direction , becoming in turn `` Lewisham Way '' and `` Loampit Vale '' .	The latter road forms a large junction , where the A21 separates for Hastings .
It crosses the River Thames in a south–east north–west direction between Vauxhall on the south bank and Pimlico on the north bank .	Opened in 1906 , it replaced an earlier bridge , originally known as Regent Bridge but later renamed Vauxhall Bridge , built between 1809 and 1816 as part of a scheme for redeveloping the south bank of the Thames .
It is anomalously numbered since west of Penrith it trespasses into numbering zone 5 ; this is because it originally terminated at the A6 in Penrith but was extended further west in order to create one continuous east–west route .	Most of what is now the A66 west of Penrith was originally A594 – only a small stub of this road numbering remains , from Maryport to Cockermouth .
His tenure was marked by heavy investments in the national oil industry after the discovery of new oil reserves , which propitiated initial economic growth , but later gave way to a severe debt crisis after the international oil prices fell down , leading Mexico to declare a sovereign default in 1982 .	As a result of the crisis , the last months of his administration were plagued by widespread capital flight , leading López Portillo to nationalize the banks three months before leaving office .
Morris Langlo West AO ( 26 April 19169 October 1999 ) was an Australian novelist and playwright , best known for his novels `` The Devil 's Advocate '' ( 1959 ) , `` The Shoes of the Fisherman '' ( 1963 ) and `` The Clowns of God '' ( 1981 ) .	His books were published in 27 languages and sold more than 60 million copies worldwide .
The first known bearer of the name was Al-Mansur , second Abbasid caliph and the founder of Baghdad .	Other people called Mansur during the golden Age of Islam include :
It is under the western approach path of London Heathrow airport .	It is located on the east bank of the River Thames , roughly midway between Windsor and Staines-upon-Thames , and west by south-west of London .
The biggest festival in Korea today is Seollal , the first day of the traditional Korean New Year .	Other important festivals include Daeboreum also referred to as `` Boreumdaal '' ( the first full moon ) , Dano ( spring festival ) and Chuseok ( harvest moon festival ) , and Samjinnal ( spring-opening festival ) .
Since 1986 , the race has been a round of the FIA Formula One World Championship .	The first Hungarian Grand Prix was held on 21 June 1936 over a track laid out in Népliget , a park in Budapest .
The music for the film was composed by John Barry .	It was the first film from Walt Disney Productions to receive a PG rating .
His grandson José López Portillo y Pacheco , was the president of Mexico from 1976 to 1982 .	`` La Horma de Su Zapato ''
Bob Wallace ( May 29 , 1949 – September 20 , 2002 ) was an American software developer , programmer and the ninth Microsoft employee .	He was the first popular user of the term shareware , creator of the word processing program PC-Write , founder of the software company Quicksoft and an `` online drug guru '' who devoted much time and money into the research of psychedelic drugs .
Philip Toll Hill Jr. ( April 20 , 1927 – August 28 , 2008 ) was an American automobile racer and the only American-born driver to win the Formula One World Drivers ' Championship ( Mario Andretti , an Italian American driver , won the World Drivers ' Championship in 1978 , but was not born in the United States ) .	He also scored three wins at each of the 24 Hours of Le Mans and 12 Hours of Sebring sports car races .
2003 's follow-up , `` Kick Up the Fire , and Let the Flames Break Loose '' , achieved the band international recognition on the strength of the singles `` Promises , Promises '' and `` Blind Pilots '' .	The Cooper Temple Clause left RCA in 2006 , signing to Sanctuary Records for the release of their third album Make This Your Own .
The Volunteers included members of the Gaelic League , Ancient Order of Hibernians and Sinn Féin , and , secretly , the Irish Republican Brotherhood ( IRB ) .	Increasing rapidly to a strength of nearly 200,000 by mid-1914 , it split in September of that year over John Redmond 's commitment to the British War effort , with the smaller group retaining the name of `` Irish Volunteers '' .
`` Girl 's Not Grey '' is a song by American rock band AFI .	It was released as the debut single from their sixth studio album `` Sing the Sorrow '' in 2003 .
His father , Franco , was a mechanic from Alcamo , Sicily , and his mother was from Riesi .	After successes in the minor categories , notably winning the 1989 Formula 3000 Championship , his Formula One career included spells at Tyrrell , Benetton , Sauber , Prost , Jordan and Ferrari , where he proved very popular among the tifosi .
Since starting in 1993 , the town has received both criticism and praise from architects and design critics .	The development is built to a traditional high-density urban pattern , rather than a suburban one , focused on creating an integrated community of shops , businesses , and private and social housing .
Martin John Brundle ( born 1 June 1959 ) is a British racing driver , best known as a Formula One driver and as a commentator for ITV Sport from 1997 to 2008 , the BBC from 2009 to 2011 , and Sky Sports since 2012 .	Brundle contested the 1983 British Formula Three Championship , finishing a close second to Ayrton Senna , and the two progressed to Formula One the next year .
It commonly occurs with other evaporite deposit minerals such as several of the sulfates , halides , and borates .	The name `` halite '' is derived from the Ancient Greek word for salt , ἅλς ( háls ) .
The Dickies are an American punk rock band formed in San Fernando Valley , Los Angeles in 1977 .	The band has consistently made use of catchy melodies , deep harmonies , and a humorous , comical style that has been called `` pop-punk '' or `` bubble-gum punk '' .
They made playoff appearances in the AFL in 2006 and in af2 in 2008 .	They played their home games at the Frank Erwin Center at the University of Texas at Austin .
They played their home games in Smoothie King Center .	The VooDoo were unrelated to an earlier AFL team , the New Orleans Night , who had competed in the 1991 and 1992 AFL seasons in the Louisiana Superdome .
As a sports team owner , Benson had a Super Bowl victory to his credit , via the Saints winning Super Bowl XLIV .	Benson was born in New Orleans , Louisiana , to Thomas Benson , Sr. and Carmen Benson .
The following is a Western Armenian verb table .	The Eastern Armenian verb table can be found here :
Samuel Bentham was one of two surviving siblings of Jeremiah Bentham .	His father was an attorney , and his older brother was the philosopher Jeremy Bentham , five other siblings having died in infancy or early childhood , and their mother dying in 1766 .
For each nationality , the launch date of the first mission is listed .	The list is based on the nationality of the person at the time of the launch .
Inequalities in land ownership were inflated by a growing overpopulation problem , depletion of over-utilised tracts , and escalating poverty in subsistence areas parallel with the under-utilisation of land on commercial farms .	However , the predominantly white commercial sector also provided a livelihood for over 30 % of the paid workforce and accounted for some 40 % of exports .
The program plays Go against the user , at about 5 to 7 kyu strength on the 9x9 board .	Multiple board sizes are supported , from 5×5 to 19×19 .
Cybercrime may threaten a person or a nation 's security and financial health .	Issues surrounding these types of crimes have become high-profile , particularly those surrounding hacking , copyright infringement , unwarranted mass-surveillance , sextortion , child pornography , and child grooming .
After his father 's death Dalzel-Job and his mother lived in various locations , including Switzerland , and he learnt to ski and sail .	They returned to the UK in 1931 where he built his own schooner , the `` Mary Fortune '' , which he and his mother spent the next two years sailing around the British coast .
The Gaelic name is `` Abhainn Dubh '' , meaning `` black river '' , in the upper reach above Stirling .	Below the tidal reach , ( just after being crossed by the M9 motorway ) its name is `` Uisge For '' .
As a young man , Cobden was a successful commercial traveller who became co-owner of a highly profitable calico printing factory in Sabden but lived in Manchester , a city with which he would become strongly identified .	However , he soon found himself more engaged in politics , and his travels convinced him of the virtues of free trade ( anti-protection ) as the key to better international relations .
A national preserve is a type of National Park Service protected area of the United States designated by Congress that has characteristics normally associated with national parks but where certain natural resource-extractive activities such as fishing , hunting , mining , and oil/gas exploration and extraction are permitted .	The types of activities permitted in each national preserve varies depending on the enabling legislation of the unit .
An NHS usually contains a single historical feature directly associated with its subject .	A related but separate designation , the National Historical Park ( NHP ) , is an area that generally extends beyond single properties or buildings , and its resources include a mix of historic and sometimes significant natural features .
The , also called the , was one of the five routes of the Edo period , and one of the two that connected Edo ( modern-day Tokyo ) to Kyoto in Japan .	There were 69 stations ( staging-posts ) between Edo and Kyoto , crossing through Musashi , Kōzuke , Shinano , Mino and Ōmi provinces .
Previously , the team was affiliated with the Los Angeles Dodgers ( 1984–2002 ) , San Francisco Giants ( 1969–1983 ) , and Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers ( 1952–1963 ) .	The team was not affiliated with any Major League Baseball team from 1964 to 1968 .
There are 29 national memorials owned and administered by the National Park Service as official units .	Five more are administered by other organizations but receive assistance from and are considered affiliated areas of the NPS .
Dutch entrepreneur , Piet Derksen , started a sporting goods shop in 1953 at Lijnbaan , Rotterdam .	Its name was 'Sporthuis Centrum ' , 'Sport House Centre ' .
The designation is given to a scenic roadway and a protected corridor of surrounding parkland .	National Parkways often connect cultural or historic sites .
National Historic Trail is an officially recognized trail with national historic significance in the United States .	They are part of the National Trails System .
On August 28 , 2010 , Andy MacPhail , then-president of baseball operations for the Baltimore Orioles announced that Baltimore was ending their affiliation with Bluefield and the Appalachian League , effective at the end of the 2010 Appalachian League season .	Bluefield 's 53 season affiliation with the Orioles , which lasted from 1958 to 2010 , had been the oldest continuous affiliation with the same major league franchise in Minor League Baseball .
Coriander ( ; `` Coriandrum sativum '' ) , also known as cilantro ( ) or Chinese parsley , is an annual herb in the family Apiaceae .	All parts of the plant are edible , but the fresh leaves and the dried seeds are the parts most traditionally used in cooking .
His presidency was characterized by his authoritarian manners , the 1971 Corpus Christi massacre against student protesters , the Dirty War against leftist sublevations in the country ( while adopting a leftist-populist rhetoric himself ) , and the economic crisis that occurred in Mexico towards the end of his term .	At the international stage , he attempted to become a leader of the so-called `` Third World '' , the countries that were not aligned with either the US or the USSR during the Cold War ; he established diplomatic relations with the People 's Republic of China after visiting the country and meeting with Mao Zedong , strained relations with Israel ( and Jews in the United States ) after supporting a UN resolution that equated Zionism to racism , and unsuccessfully tried to become Secretary-General of the United Nations .
Membership is granted to individuals , rather than companies .	Aside from its standardization efforts , SAE International also devotes resources to projects and programs in STEM education , professional certification , and collegiate design competitions .
A Russian immigrant based in New York , Lapidus designed over 1,000 buildings during a career spanning more than 50 years , much of it spent as an outsider to the American architectural establishment .	Born in Odessa in the Russian Empire ( now Ukraine ) , his Orthodox Jewish family fled Russian pogroms to New York when he was an infant .
Apathy is a state of indifference , or the suppression of emotions such as concern , excitement , motivation , or passion .	An apathetic individual has an absence of interest in or concern about emotional , social , spiritual , philosophical , or physical life and the world .
Princess and Landgravine Augusta of Hesse-Kassel , third daughter of Landgrave Frederick of Hesse-Kassel , and his wife , Princess Caroline of Nassau-Usingen , was born at Rumpenheim Castle ( French : , German : ) , Offenbach am Main , Hesse .	Through her father , she was a great-granddaughter of George II of Great Britain , her grandfather having married George II 's daughter Mary .
30 is the smallest sphenic number , and the smallest of the form , where `` r '' is a prime greater than 3 .	30 has an aliquot sum of 42 ; the second sphenic number and all sphenic numbers of this form have an aliquot sum 12 greater than themselves .
Curran 's music often makes use of electronics and environmental found sounds .	Curran was born in Providence , Rhode Island .
Though the word is related to `` four '' ( 4 ) , the spelling `` forty '' replaced `` fourty '' in the course of the 17th century and is now the standard form .	The number 40 is used in Jewish , Christian , Islamic , and other Middle Eastern traditions to represent a large , approximate number , similar to `` umpteen '' .
entertainment television network and ran for three seasons .	The show follows the exploits of Anna Nicole Smith and her entourage ; much of the focus of the series was on the fact that Smith had gained weight after falling out of the public eye , no longer received regular modeling or acting work , and , at the time of the series ' debut , was in a precarious financial state after lavish spending sprees and the battle against her stepson for her deceased husband 's fortune .
State-funded secondary education was to be arranged into a structure containing three types of school , namely : grammar school , secondary technical school ( sometimes described as `` Technical Grammar '' , or `` Technical High '' schools ) and secondary modern school .	Not all education authorities implemented the tripartite system ; many maintained only two types of secondary school , the grammar and the secondary modern .
The square root of 2 , or the ( 1/2 ) th power of 2 , written in mathematics as or , is the positive algebraic number that , when multiplied by itself , gives the number 2 .	Technically , it is called the principal square root of 2 , to distinguish it from the negative number with the same property .
Primarily begun in the 1960s , diverse composers have employed divergent methods and styles of process .	`` A 'musical process ' as Christensen defines it is a highly complex dynamic phenomenon involving audible structures that evolve in the course of the musical performance ... 2nd order audible developments , i.e. , audible developments within audible developments '' .
Brockhouse was born in Lethbridge , Alberta , and was a graduate of the University of British Columbia ( BA , 1947 ) and the University of Toronto ( MA , 1948 ; Ph.D , 1950 ) .	From 1950 to 1962 , Brockhouse carried out research at Atomic Energy of Canada 's Chalk River Nuclear Laboratory .
Other than the function of emphasizing ideas , the use of anaphora as a rhetorical device adds rhythm to a word as well as making it more pleasurable to read and easier to remember .	Anaphora is repetition at the beginning of a sentence to create emphasis .
Robert Traill Spence Lowell IV ( ; March 1 , 1917 – September 12 , 1977 ) was an American poet .	He was born into a Boston Brahmin family that could trace its origins back to the `` Mayflower '' .
Part of Blizzard 's `` StarCraft '' series , the game was announced on September 20 , 2002 , and was to be developed by Nihilistic Software for the Nintendo GameCube , Xbox , and PlayStation 2 video game consoles .	Several delays in development caused Blizzard to move back the release date and the game has not yet materialized .
The series follows the adventures of a robotic girl named XJ-9 , or `` Jenny '' as she prefers to be called , who attempts to juggle her duties of protecting Earth while trying to live a normal teenage life .	The series was produced by Frederator Studios in association with Nickelodeon Animation Studio and distributed by Paramount Television in the United States and by Nelvana in Canada with Rough Draft Studios providing the animation services .
It is located on the east bank of the river Vistula .	First mentioned in 1432 , until 1791 it formed a separate town with its own city charter .
It forked at Woodbridge , with one path crossing the east branch of the Humber and running along the west side of the river to the vicinity of Kleinburg , where it crossed the river again .	This trail was probably used during the seasons when the water was low enough to ford .
David Ross Brower ( ; July 1 , 1912 – November 5 , 2000 ) was a prominent environmentalist and the founder of many environmental organizations , including the John Muir Institute for Environmental Studies , Friends of the Earth ( 1969 ) , the League of Conservation Voters , Earth Island Institute ( 1982 ) , North Cascades Conservation Council , and Fate of the Earth Conferences .	From 1952 to 1969 , he served as the first Executive Director of the Sierra Club , and served on its board three times : from 1941–1953 ; 1983–1988 ; and 1995–2000 .
Goes the Weasel ” is an English nursery rhyme and singing game .	It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 5249 .
The 5th Panzer Division was formed in Oppeln , now Opole in Poland , on 15 November 1938 as part of a second wave of new armoured divisions in Germany following the creation of the original three tank divisions in 1935 .	Alongside the 5th Panzer Division the 4th had been formed in Würzburg five days earlier .
Gojoseon ( ) , originally named Joseon ( ) , was an ancient kingdom on the Korean peninsula .	The addition of `` Go '' ( , ) , meaning `` ancient '' , distinguishes it from the later Joseon kingdom ( 1392–1897 ) .
It began with Wiman 's seizure of the throne from Gojoseon 's King Jun and ended with the death of King Ugeo who was a grandson of Wiman .	Apart from archaeological data , the main source on this period of Korean history comes from chapter 115 of Sima Qian 's `` Shiji '' ( Records of the Grand Historian ) .
The brigade traces its lineage back to an engineering regiment active during World War II , but the brigade itself did not see action until the mid-1990s .	As a part of the V Corps for most of the Cold War , the brigade was stationed in western Europe for decades as a deterrent to a possible Soviet invasion .
In 1966 , the modern position of Solicitor General was created with the repeal of the previous Solicitor General Act and the passage of a new statute creating the ministerial office of the Solicitor General of Canada .	In recent decades the Solicitor General 's department was responsible for administering the prison system , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , the National Parole Board and other matters relating to internal security .
Keene is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County , Virginia , United States .	As of the 1990 census , the town had a total population of 10 .
Among the native sparrows in North America , it is easily one of the most abundant , variable and adaptable species .	Adult song sparrows have brown upperparts with dark streaks on the back and are white underneath with dark streaking and a dark brown spot in the middle of the breast .
The Scarsdale diet is a fad diet designed for weight loss created in the 1970s by Herman Tarnower , named for the town in New York where he practiced cardiology , described in the book `` The Complete Scarsdale Medical Diet plus Dr. Tarnower 's Lifetime Keep-Slim Program '' , which Tarnower wrote with an author of self-help books , Sam Sinclair Baker .	The diet carries potential health risks and does not instill the kind of healthy eating habits required for sustainable weight loss .
He studied at Laval University , earning his B.A .	degree ( 1873 ) and LL.B degree ( 1876 ) , earning the Dufferin Silver Medal .
It had been classified under the genus `` Spizella '' , but multilocus molecular evidence suggested placement in its own genus .	Adults have a rusty cap and grey underparts with a small dark spot on the breast .
The term `` Googie '' comes from a now-defunct coffeehouse in Hollywood designed by John Lautner .	Similar architectural styles are also referred to as Populuxe or Doo Wop .
The Chilean dolphin ( `` Cephalorhynchus eutropia '' ) , also known as the black dolphin , is one of four dolphins in the genus `` Cephalorhynchus '' .	The dolphin is only found off the coast of Chile ; it is commonly referred to in the country as `` tonina '' .
As with Dangun , concrete evidence for Gija 's role in the history of Gojoseon is lacking , and the narrative has been challenged since the 20th century .	Chinese records before the 3rd century BC describe Gija ( 箕子 ) as the paternal uncle ( or brother in other records ) of the last emperor of the Chinese Shang Dynasty , the tyrannical King Zhou , but contain no mention of his relationship with Gojoseon .
Liouville graduated from the École Polytechnique in 1827 .	After some years as an assistant at various institutions including the École Centrale Paris , he was appointed as professor at the École Polytechnique in 1838 .
Nicknamed `` Mo '' and `` Sandman '' , Rivera spent most of his career as a relief pitcher and served as the Yankees ' closer for 17 seasons .	A thirteen-time All-Star and five-time World Series champion , he is MLB 's career leader in saves ( 652 ) and games finished ( 952 ) .
where formula_2 is a dimensionless radius and formula_3 is related to the density , and thus the pressure , by formula_4 for central density formula_5 .	The index formula_6 is the polytropic index that appears in the polytropic equation of state ,
The difference between Finnish spectrolite and other labradorites is that crystals of the former have considerably stronger colourfulness than other labradorites , caused by the black base color of spectrolite feldspar ; other labradorites have mostly a transparent base color .	Spectrolite is often cut as a lapidary cabochon , similar to plain labradorite , to enhance the effect and is used as a gemstone .
Peter Garland ( born January 25 , 1952 in Portland , Maine ) is a composer , writer and publisher of Soundings Press .	A student of James Tenney and Harold Budd , much of Garland 's work could be considered post-minimal although many of his postminimal works such as `` The Days Run Away '' ( 1971 ) were written in the early 1970s at the same time as the first minimalist works .
As a music critic for `` The Village Voice '' ( from November 1986 to December 2005 ) and other publications , he has supported progressive music , including such `` downtown '' movements as postminimalism and totalism .	Gann 's work as a composer can be classified generally into three categories :
It consists of interlocking overhand knots , and can jam under moderate strain .	It is topologically similar to the Zeppelin bend .
Charles Peter Wuorinen ( , born June 9 , 1938 ) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American composer of contemporary classical music based in New York City .	His catalog of more than 270 compositions includes works for orchestra , opera , and chamber music , as well as solo instrumental and vocal works .
It will not jam even after carrying a significant load or being soaked with water .	As with many other members of the basket weave knot family , the carrick bend 's aesthetically pleasing interwoven and symmetrical shape has also made it popular for decorative purposes .
Depending on the specific area in question , due to their cultural heritage descending from Catholics who lived under the Ottoman Empire , they are sometimes referred to as `` Levantines '' , `` Italo-Levantines '' , or `` Franco-Levantines '' ( ; French : `` Levantins '' ; Italian : `` Levantini '' ; Greek : Φραγκολεβαντίνοι `` Frankolevantini '' ; Turkish : `` Levantenler '' or `` Tatlısu Frenkleri '' ) after Frankokratia .	A distinctive era of influence occurred during the Crusades with the establishment of the Kingdom of Jerusalem during the Middle Ages .
Jacob Emden , also known as Ya'avetz ( June 4 , 1697 – April 19 , 1776 ) , was a leading German rabbi and talmudist who championed Orthodox Judaism in the face of the growing influence of the Sabbatean movement .	He was acclaimed in all circles for his extensive knowledge , thus Moses Mendelssohn , founder of the Jewish Enlightenment movement , wrote to him as `` your disciple , who thirsts for your words . ''
Public futures markets were established in the 19th century to allow transparent , standardized , and efficient hedging of agricultural commodity prices ; they have since expanded to include futures contracts for hedging the values of energy , precious metals , foreign currency , and interest rate fluctuations .	Hedging is the practice of taking a position in one market to offset and balance against the risk adopted by assuming a position in a contrary or opposing market or investment .
His personal name was Dìng , whilst his ancestral name was Jī .	He is commonly known as King Shenjing ; this was actually his posthumous name .
Adults generally have gray heads , necks , and breasts , gray or brown backs and wings , and a white belly , but show a confusing amount of variation in plumage details .	The white outer tail feathers flash distinctively in flight and while hopping on the ground .
The advent of Unicode and the universal character set it provides allowed commonly used dingbats to be given their own character codes .	Although fonts claiming Unicode coverage will contain glyphs for dingbats `` in addition to '' alphabetic characters , fonts that have dingbats `` in place of '' alphabetic characters continue to be popular , primarily for ease of input .
He was king for fifty-nine years , the longest in the Zhou Dynasty and all of pre-imperial China ( in terms of the reign length followed by King Mu of Zhou ) .	By the time of King Nan 's reign , the kings of Zhou had lost almost all political and military power , as even their remaining crown land was split into two states or factions , led by rival feudal lords : West Zhou , where the capital Wangcheng was located , and East Zhou , centred at Chengzhou and Kung .
In chemistry it is the angle between planes through two sets of three atoms , having two atoms in common .	In solid geometry it is defined as the union of a line and two half-planes that have this line as a common edge .
A spokesman , spokeswoman or spokesperson is someone engaged or elected to speak on behalf of others .	In the present media-sensitive world , many organizations are increasingly likely to employ professionals who have received formal training in journalism , communications , public relations and public affairs in this role in order to ensure that public announcements are made in the most appropriate fashion and through the most appropriate channels to maximize the impact of favorable messages , and to minimize the impact of unfavorable messages .
Two polyhedra have a dissection into polyhedral pieces that can be reassembled into either one , if and only if their volumes and Dehn invariants are equal .	A polyhedron can be cut up and reassembled to tile space if and only if its Dehn invariant is zero , so having Dehn invariant zero is a necessary condition for being a space-filling polyhedron .
Newport ( ; ) is a cathedral and university city and unitary authority area in south east Wales .	It is located on the River Usk close to its confluence with the Severn Estuary , approximately northeast of Cardiff .
After World War II , her family , being Germans , were expelled from their home on what had become Polish territory .	They crossed the new Oder-Neisse border in 1945 and settled in Mecklenburg , in what would become the German Democratic Republic , or East Germany .
Let formula_1 be the radicand processed thus far , formula_2 be the root extracted thus far , and formula_3 be the remainder .	Let formula_4 be the next formula_5 digits of the radicand , and formula_6 be the next digit of the root .
Werner Seelenbinder ( 2 August 1904 – 24 October 1944 ) was a German communist and wrestler .	Seelenbinder was born in Stettin , Pomerania , and became a wrestler after training as a joiner .
Council-controlled organisations ( CCOs ) and council-controlled trading organisations in New Zealand are what were formerly known as `` local authority trading enterprises '' ( `` LATEs '' ) .	Introduced under Sections 6 and 7 of the `` Local Government Act 2002 '' , they are essentially any company with a majority council shareholding , or a trust or similar organisation with a majority of council-controlled votes or council-appointed trustees , `` unless '' designated otherwise .
It can be found in a wide variety of manually carried and vehicle-mounted forms , as well as widespread use on helicopters .	Originally designed by Hughes Aircraft in the 1960s , the weapon is currently produced by Raytheon .
The stated object of the act was the `` encouragement of learning , '' and it achieved this by securing authors the `` sole right and liberty of printing , reprinting , publishing and vending '' the copies of their `` maps , charts , and books '' for a term of 14 years , with the right to renew for one additional 14-year term should the copyright holder still be alive .	The 1710 British Statute of Anne did not apply to the American colonies .
The Saskatchewan Party is a conservative , centre-right political party in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .	Since 2007 , it has been the province 's governing party , currently led by Premier Scott Moe .
In the 1920s and 1930s , automobile parts such as valve covers , which are right on top of the engine , were also engine-turned .	Similarly , dashboards or the instrument panel of the same were often engine-turned .
Orogastric intubation is a similar process involving the insertion of a plastic tube ( orogastric tube ) through the mouth .	A nasogastric tube is used for feeding and administering drugs and other oral agents such as activated charcoal .
Ruth Crawford Seeger ( July 3 , 1901 – November 18 , 1953 ) , born Ruth Porter Crawford , was an American modernist composer active primarily during the 1920s and 1930s and an American folk music specialist from the late 1930s until her death .	She was a prominent member of a group of American composers known as the `` ultramoderns , '' and her music influenced later composers including Elliott Carter .
( The page headers , however , continued to alternate between `` Faust '' and `` Eric '' . )	The story is a parody of the tale of Faust , and follows the events of `` Sourcery '' in which the Wizard Rincewind was trapped in the Dungeon Dimensions .
As an adjective , `` dowager '' usually appears in association with monarchical and aristocratic titles .	In popular usage , the noun `` dowager '' may refer to any elderly widow , especially one of both wealth and dignity .
The complex interplay between these two traditions , and between both of them and other poetries in English and Scottish Gaelic , has produced a body of work that is both rich in variety and difficult to categorise .	The earliest surviving poems in Irish date back to the 6th century , while the first known poems in English from Ireland date to the 14th century .
He was critical of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel in his work , `` Progress and Regress in Philosophy '' ( `` Fortschritte und Rückschritte in der Philosophie '' ) .	He is also known for defending the idea of animal rights in his work `` System of Ethics '' ( `` System der philosophischen Ethik und Pädagogik '' ) .
Stuart Allen `` Stu '' Roosa ( August 16 , 1933 – December 12 , 1994 ) , Col. , USAF , was an American aeronautical engineer , United States Air Force pilot , test pilot , and NASA astronaut , who was the Command Module Pilot for the Apollo 14 mission .	The mission lasted from January 31 to February 9 , 1971 and was the third mission to land astronauts ( Alan Shepard and Edgar Mitchell ) on the Moon .
The existence and regularity problems are part of geometric measure theory .	Various specialized forms of the problem were solved , but it was only in 1930 that general solutions were found in the context of mappings ( immersions ) independently by Jesse Douglas and Tibor Radó .
The tube-dwelling spiders ( family Segestriidae ) consist of two large and widespread genera ( `` Segestria '' and `` Ariadna '' ) and two smaller genera , `` Citharoceps '' and `` Gippsicola '' .	The family is easily recognized because its members have six eyes ( most spiders have eight ) arranged in a semicircle and have the first three pairs of legs arranged forward ( most spiders have only the first two pairs so arranged . )
Requirements for these levels of membership include a comprehensive series of exams .	Topics covered in the exams include statistics , mathematics , finance , economics , insurance , enterprise risk management , and actuarial science .
The historic counties of Wales are sub-divisions of Wales .	They were used for various functions for several hundred years , but have been largely superseded by contemporary sub-national divisions , some of which bear some limited similarity to the historic entities in name and extent .
The Alexandroni Brigade ( 3rd Brigade ) is an Israel Defense Forces brigade that fought in the 1948 Arab-Israeli war .	Along with the 7th Armoured Brigade both units had 139 killed during the first battle of Latrun , Operation Ben Nun Alef ( an attempt to conquer the Latrun area ) .
In pathology , it specifically refers to a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin .	According to level of contamination , a wound can be classified as :
The null character ( also null terminator or null byte ) , abbreviated NUL or NULL , is a control character with the value zero .	It is present in many character sets , including ISO/IEC 646 ( or ASCII ) , the C0 control code , the Universal Coded Character Set ( or Unicode ) , and EBCDIC .
Big Black was an American punk rock band from Evanston , Illinois , active from 1981 to 1987 .	Founded by singer and guitarist Steve Albini , the band 's initial lineup also included guitarist Santiago Durango and bassist Jeff Pezzati , both of Naked Raygun .
Alternative names are C string , which refers to the C programming language and ASCIIZ ( although C can use encodings other than ASCII ) .	The length of a C string is found by searching for the ( first ) NUL byte .
The college adopted the public name of Cardiff University in 1999 , and in 2005 this became its legal name when it became an independent university awarding its own degrees .	It is the third oldest university institution in Wales .
Much of the story revolves around a Martian invasion of Earth .	Malachi Constant is the richest man in a future America .
The rind 's fragrant oil is added to black tea to give Earl Grey its unique taste .	Traditionally , Earl Grey was made from black teas , but tea companies have since begun to offer Earl Grey in other varieties as well , such as green or oolong .
It is placed over the cervix with spermicide before sex and left in place for at least six hours after sex .	Fitting by a healthcare provider is generally required .
The station opened on 31 July 1933 , the last of the stations on the extension of the line from Finsbury Park to do so and four months after Oakwood station ( then called Enfield West ) opened .	Prior to its opening , `` '' Trent Park '' '' and `` '' Cock Fosters '' '' ( an early spelling of the area 's name ) were suggested as alternative station names .
Its specific advantages led to additional funding including a project `` FLoxCoal '' at the Stuttgart University to engineer a prototype of an atomizing burner for coal without flame reactions .	The NO formation is specifically located in the flame front so that by suppressing peak flame the NO emission can be reduced theoretically to zero .
The effect is commonly seen as an effect on the solubility of salts and other weak electrolytes .	Adding an additional amount of one of the ions of the salt generally leads to increased precipitation of the salt , which reduces the concentration of both ions of the salt until the solubility equilibrium is reached .
He was killed in action during the invasion of Normandy .	Douglas described his poetic style as `` extrospective '' ; that is , he focused on external impressions rather than inner emotions .
Such a diagram , with labeled vertices , uniquely determines its partial order .	Hasse diagrams are named after Helmut Hasse ( 1898–1979 ) ; according to , they are so called because of the effective use Hasse made of them .
During the Pre-Hispanic Era , most of the languages of the Philippines were written in abugida , an ancient segmental writing system .	Examples of this ancient Philippine writing system which descended from the Brāhmī script are the Kawi , Baybayin , Buhid , Hanunó'o , Tagbanwa , Butuan , Kapampangan and other Brahmic family of scripts known to antiquity .
Keyes was born May 27 , 1922 .	His mother died shortly afterwards and he was raised by his paternal grandparents .
The name was coined in 1978 by the critic , prankster and Mail Artist David Zack as a nom de plume for the Latvian-born poet and singer Maris Kundzins .	It further alludes to :
Burmese is a tonal , pitch-register , and syllable-timed language , largely monosyllabic and analytic , with a subject–object–verb word order .	It is a member of the Lolo-Burmese grouping of the Sino-Tibetan language family .
In 1504 he became Prior of Whithorn and Abbot of Dunfermline and in 1505 was made Lord High Treasurer of Scotland by James IV .	In 1508 he was elected as Bishop of Galloway , in succession to George Vaus , but before his consecration he was chosen to succeed Robert Blackadder as Archbishop of Glasgow and was consecrated at Stirling on 15 April 1509 .
It is bounded by ( from the east and clockwise ) the districts of Hof , Kulmbach , Lichtenfels and Coburg , and the state of Thuringia ( districts of Sonneberg , Saalfeld-Rudolstadt and Saale-Orla ) .	Kronach was ruled by the bishopric of Bamberg from 1102 until 1803 , when the clerical states of Germany were dissolved .
is a genus of the sunflower ( `` Helianthus '' ) family Asteraceae ) , and closely related to dandelion ( `` Taraxacum '' ) , chicory ( `` Cichorium '' ) , prickly lettuce ( `` Lactuca '' ) and sow thistle ( `` Sonchus '' ) ,	which are part of the tribe Cichorieae .
For three years his school companion was Frank Sayers , who was to be a lifelong friend .	In August 1779 his father took him from school .
The A7 begins its course in central Edinburgh , at a junction at North Bridge that also marks the northern terminus of the A1 and the southern terminus of the A900 ( The eastern terminus of the A8 also reached this junction before that road 's decommissioning along Princes Street ) .	The A7 leads south from the junction as a non-trunk road before passing through the city 's south-eastern suburbs .
Hans Rott ( 1 August 1858 – 25 June 1884 ) was an Austrian composer and organist .	His music is little-known today , though he received high praise in his time from Gustav Mahler and Anton Bruckner .
The A8 begins at the West End of Edinburgh , in the New Town .	The road originally also included Princes Street , but this stretch was declassified , as Princes Street is no longer open to all traffic .
The road 's origins lie in the military roads building programme of the 18th century , further supplemented by the building of several bridges in later years .	The A9 route was formally designated in 1923 , and originally ran from Edinburgh to Inverness .
Saint Thérèse of Lisieux ( ) , born Marie Françoise-Thérèse Martin ( 2 January 1873 – 30 September 1897 ) , also known as Saint Thérèse of the Child Jesus and the Holy Face , O.C.D. , was a French Catholic Discalced Carmelite nun who is widely venerated in modern times .	She is popularly known as `` The Little Flower of Jesus '' , or simply `` The Little Flower '' .
Rather than using a propeller to move the craft , it uses an impeller-driven waterjet .	Bombardier had initially offered a personal watercraft in 1968 , but removed it from the market .
Originally released two weeks prior on the compilation `` A LaFace Family Christmas '' , the single was released on November 19 , 1993 , to promote the forthcoming debut album , `` Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik '' .	The song itself discusses the nature of living in the South of the United States , and growing up within a hip hop culture .
Southern operates most commuter and regional services to south London , Sussex and parts of east Surrey , while Southeastern operates trains to south east London and Kent .	Gatwick Express trains run direct to Gatwick .
These hairs make it difficult to pull a worm straight from the ground .	Setae in oligochaetes ( a group including earthworms ) are largely composed of chitin .
Mila 18 is a novel by Leon Uris set in German-occupied Warsaw , Poland , before and during World War II .	`` Mila 18 '' debuted at # 7 on `` The New York Times '' Best Seller List ( the second-highest debut of any Uris novel ever , bested only by the # 6 debut of `` Trinity '' in 1976 ) and peaked at # 2 in August 1961 .
The Tramp , as portrayed by Chaplin , is a childlike , bumbling but generally good-hearted character who is most famously portrayed as a vagrant who endeavors to behave with the manners and dignity of a gentleman despite his actual social status .	However , while he is ready to take what paying work is available , he also uses his cunning to get what he needs to survive and escape the authority figures who will not tolerate his antics .
Frederick Andrew Seaton ( December 11 , 1909 – January 16 , 1974 ) was an American newspaperman and politician .	He represented the U.S. state of Nebraska in the U.S. Senate and served as U.S. Secretary of the Interior during Dwight D. Eisenhower 's administration .
Wen was the last member of the Zhou dynasty who claimed the throne of China , though he was never recognized as king outside his own small domain at Chengzhou .	Forced to spend his entire reign fighting against the state of Qin , Wen 's death meant the final end of the Zhou dynasty .
Carroll also points out the many `` turning points , '' as he labels them , where the Church 's attitudes and actions toward Jews could have been shifted .	Just one example cited in the book is that of Pierre Abelard ( 1079–1142 ) , the French theologian and philosopher , whose teachings , had they been accepted , would have radically changed the direction and cast of Christian dogma .
The head office used to be in the Montreal borough of Anjou but moved to Laval , Quebec , a northern suburb of Montreal , in early 2006 .	The company operates 60 stores across Canada , branded as Hart , primarily in smaller and suburban markets .
Patrick O'Brien ( 1947 – July 16 , 2014 ) was an American guitarist and lutenist born in New York .	He was a recording artist , but was best known as a pedagogue in the field of early plucked instruments in America , and an expert in musicians ' hand anatomy .
QB VII by Leon Uris is a dramatic courtroom novel published in 1970 .	The four-part novel highlights the events leading to a libel trial in the United Kingdom .
The second style is a `` stand-up '' , where the rider uses the watercraft standing up .	The stand-up styles are built for one rider and are used more for doing tricks , racing , and use in competitions .
The island is linked to Portsea Island and thence to the mainland by road bridges .	Ordnance Survey maps of Portsmouth Harbour from 1862 show Whale Island as a narrow strip : its east-to-west dimensions were similar to present times , but north to south it measured only tens of yards .
Jet Ski is the brand name of a personal water craft ( PWC ) manufactured by Kawasaki , a Japanese company .	The term is often used generically to refer to any type of personal watercraft used mainly for recreation , and it is also used as a verb to describe the use of any type of PWC .
Polaris was founded in Roseau , Minnesota , USA , where it still has engineering and manufacturing .	The company 's corporate headquarters is in Medina , Minnesota .
This half includes Africa , Australia , China , southern Asia , Mexico , Central America , South America , Spain , Portugal , and Poland ( consisting of the territory of prewar Poland and East Prussia ) .	The United States , Canada , the Soviet Union , the Greater German Reich ( Germany and the territories it occupied during World War II ) , the United Kingdom , and Japan are the only other powers when the Race 's colonization fleet of eighty- to one hundred- million settlers arrives .
A concept of positive liberty may also include freedom from internal constraints .	The concepts of structure and agency are central to the concept of positive liberty because in order to be free , a person should be free from inhibitions of the social structure in carrying out their free will .
On a peninsula on the eastern side of Portsmouth Harbour , opposite the city of Portsmouth , it is linked to it by the Gosport Ferry .	The Rowner area of the peninsula was settled by the Anglo-Saxons , and is mentioned in the `` Anglo Saxon Chronicle '' as Rughenor ( `` rough bank or slope '' ) .
In computer science , a value is the representation of some entity that can be manipulated by a program .	The members of a type are the values of that type .
Samguk Yusa ( ) or Memorabilia of the Three Kingdoms is a collection of legends , folktales and historical accounts relating to the Three Kingdoms of Korea ( Goguryeo , Baekje and Silla ) , as well as to other periods and states before , during and after the Three Kingdoms period .	It is the earliest extant record of the Dangun legend , which records the founding of Gojoseon as the first Korean nation .
He received a B.A .	degree from the University of Minnesota in 1931 and an LL.B .
In the U.S. , Aflac underwrites a wide range of insurance policies , but is perhaps more known for its payroll deduction insurance coverage , which pays cash benefits when a policyholder has a covered accident or illness .	The company states it `` provides financial protection to more than 50 million people worldwide '' .
Although it is a street-legal vehicle in some countries , it is not street-legal within most states and provinces of Australia , the United States or Canada .	By the current ANSI definition , ATVs are intended for use by a single operator , although some companies have developed ATVs intended for use by the operator and one passenger .
It is protected from all winds , except those from the southeast .	It receives its name from the Spit , a sandbank stretching south from the Hampshire shore for ; and it is long by about in average breadth .
The bank opened in 1888 following an incident at a textile mill in which a worker 's dress became entangled in machinery , spilling the money she had sewn into her hem onto the floor .	After she explained to a factory executive that she had felt this was the safest place to keep her savings , he offered instead to secure her money in the mill safe and pay her interest on her balance .
The international non-profit organization Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat ( CTBUH ) was formed in 1969 and announces the title of `` The World 's Tallest Building '' and sets the standards by which buildings are measured .	It maintains a list of the 100 tallest completed buildings in the world .
Belinda Jo Carlisle ( born August 17 , 1958 ) is an American singer .	She gained worldwide fame as the lead singer of the Go-Go 's , one of the most successful all-female bands in history , and went on to have a prolific career as a solo act .
It attracts more than one million visitors every year , making the ROM the most-visited in Canada .	The museum is north of Queen 's Park , in the University of Toronto district , with its main entrance on Bloor Street West .
Organizations such as the Classic Car Club of America ( CCCA ) and the Antique Automobile Club of America ( AACA ) maintain a list of eligible unmodified cars that are called `` classic '' .	These are described as `` fine '' or `` distinctive '' automobile , either American or foreign built , produced between 1915 and 1998 .
He played the part of the professional assassin , known only as the `` Jackal '' , who is hired to assassinate the French president Charles de Gaulle in the summer of 1963 , in the film `` The Day of the Jackal '' ( 1973 ) .	He portrayed Edward VIII in the British television drama series `` Edward & Mrs. Simpson '' ( 1978 ) .
Fox was born in London , the son of theatrical agent Robin Fox and actress Angela Worthington .	He is the brother of actor Edward Fox and the film producer Robert Fox .
He was one of the few dynasty founders in Chinese history who was born in a peasant family .	Before coming to power , Liu Bang initially served as a minor patrol officer for the Qin dynasty in his home town Pei County , within the conquered state of Chu .
Stores outside Ontario were converted to the A & P banner or sold to third parties .	A & P 's Canadian division was later acquired by Metro Inc. , which rebranded the remaining Dominion stores to its namesake banner in 2008 .
Atlantic Superstore is a Canadian supermarket chain .	The chain operates 54 stores in the Maritimes of Nova Scotia , New Brunswick , and Prince Edward Island .
Nino Pršeš has performed as a keyboardist with many pop and rock bands and has cooperated with many performers from Bosnia and Herzegovina arranging compositions for them .	He is greatly inspired by ethno music .
His father was a founder of the Berlin Philharmonic and a secretary to conductor and composer Hans von Bülow .	Werner Wolff 's mother discouraged her son 's early interest in music as a profession , so he took a law degree at Baden , but continued to compose music as an avocation .
Samuel Williston ( September 24 , 1861 – February 18 , 1963 ) was an American lawyer and law professor who authored an influential treatise on contracts .	Williston was born in Cambridge , Massachusetts to a family prosperous from the mercantile trade but whose fortunes declined during his youth , which he recalled , `` served as a spur to endeavor . ''
Intuitively , the usual real-number line consists of a countable number of line segments < nowiki > [ < /nowiki > 0 , 1 < nowiki > ) < /nowiki > laid end-to-end , whereas the long line is constructed from an uncountable number of such segments .	The closed long ray `` L '' is defined as the cartesian product of the first uncountable ordinal ω with the half-open interval < nowiki > [ < /nowiki > 0 , 1 ) , equipped with the order topology that arises from the lexicographical order on ω × < nowiki > [ < /nowiki > 0 , 1 < nowiki > ) < /nowiki > .
Longlines are classified mainly by where they are placed in the water column .	This can be at the surface or at the bottom .
A chaebol ( ; ) is a large industrial conglomerate that is run and controlled by an owner or family in South Korea .	A chaebol often consists of a large number of diversified affiliates , controlled by an owner whose power over the group often exceeds legal authority .
He was also a notable art collector , the `` greatest private collector of his time , the friend and patron of Titian and Leoni and many other artists '' .	He was born in the Free Imperial City of Ornans , now in France , then a self-governing city surrounded by the Imperial territory of the Franche-Comté .
Like the similarly-issued retailer coupons , these stamps only had a minimal cash value of a few mils ( thousandths of a dollar ) individually , but when a customer accumulated a number of them , they could be exchanged with the trading stamp company ( usually a third-party issuer of the stamps ) for premiums , such as toys , personal items , housewares , furniture and appliances .	The practice of retailers issuing trading stamps started in 1891 at the Schuster 's Department Stor ] , Wisconsin .
Pin Point is part of the Savannah Metropolitan Statistical Area .	The town is best known as the birthplace of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas on June 23 , 1948 .
The Rothschild banking family 's coat of arms features in the center of its heraldry a red shield .	The German surname `` Rothschild '' is not related to the Scottish/Irish surname of `` Rothchilds '' from the United Kingdom .
He was involved in the founding of several far-right movements in opposition to the break-up of the British Empire .	He supported a strong anti-immigration stance thereafter as increasing numbers of former British subjects migrated to the United Kingdom .
The garrison is usually in a city , town , fort , castle , ship or similar .	`` Garrison town '' is a common expression for any town that has a military base nearby .
`` Filicide '' may refer both to the parent who killed his or her child , as well as to the criminal act that the parent committed .	A 1999 United States Department of Justice study concluded that between 1976 and 1997 in the United States , mothers were responsible for a higher share of children killed during infancy , while fathers were more likely to have been responsible for the murders of children aged eight or older .
The series has since been edited by Lewis Edwin Hahn ( 1981-2001 ) , Randall Auxier ( 2001-2013 ) , and Douglas R. Anderson ( 2013-2015 ) .	The Library of Living Philosophers is currently edited by Sarah Beardsworth ( 2015-present ) .
Crone was raised in Holte north of Copenhagen and is of Danish and Belorussian-Jewish parentage.8 In 1996 she finished journalist school .	During her studies , she was involved in the debating programme `` Planet Danmark '' .
South Kensington is a London Underground station in the district of Kensington , south west London .	It is served by the District , Circle and Piccadilly lines .
He was the second son of the first Han emperor , Han Gaozu and Empress Dowager Lü .	He is generally remembered as a weak character dominated by his mother , Empress Dowager Lü , personally kind and generous , but unable to escape the impact of her viciousness .
More commonly a modern arboretum is a botanical garden containing living collections of woody plants and is intended at least in part for scientific study .	An arboretum specializing in growing conifers is known as a pinetum .
By the 1890s he was one of the `` Big Four '' key Republicans who largely controlled the major decisions of the Senate , along with Orville H. Platt , William B. Allison and John Coit Spooner .	Because of his impact on national politics and central position on the pivotal Senate Finance Committee , he was referred to by the press and public alike as the `` General Manager of the Nation '' , dominating tariff and monetary policy in the first decade of the 20th century .
William Boyd Allison ( March 2 , 1829 – August 4 , 1908 ) was an early leader of the Iowa Republican Party , who represented northeastern Iowa in the United States House of Representatives before representing his state in the United States Senate .	By the 1890s , Allison had become one of the `` big four '' key Republicans who largely controlled the Senate , along with Orville H. Platt of Connecticut , John Coit Spooner of Wisconsin and Nelson W. Aldrich of Rhode Island .
It appeared in 1974 in German under the title `` Zeig Mal !	`` , written with psychiatrist Helga Fleischhauer-Hardt for children and their parents .
The CENTCOM Area of Responsibility ( AOR ) includes countries in West Asia , parts of North Africa , and Central Asia , most notably Afghanistan and Iraq .	CENTCOM has been the main American presence in many military operations , including the Persian Gulf War ( Operation Desert Storm , 1991 ) , the War in Afghanistan ( Operation Enduring Freedom , 2001–2014 ) , and the Iraq War ( Operation Iraqi Freedom , 2003–2011 ) .
Kraken was cloned from the DNA of Chief Judge Fargo , and was therefore effectively Judge Dredd 's twin brother ( since Dredd was also cloned from the same source ) .	However he was actually many years younger than Dredd .
It features a more dramatic and dark story , depicting Sonic as a member of a band of freedom fighters battling to overthrow Doctor Robotnik .	The program aired for two seasons on ABC from September 18 , 1993 to December 3 , 1994 .
Simpson has been fully accredited by North Central Association since 1913 .	The college is a close-knit community with about 1,250 full-time and 300 part-time students .
At , the tower is the 107th-tallest building in the world .	It is the 16th tallest building in the U.S. , the tallest building in Georgia and the tallest building in any U.S. state capital , overtaking the , 50-story One Atlantic Center in height , which previously held the record as Georgia 's tallest building .
Dingbats is the name of a puzzle franchise devised by Paul Sellers in 1980 , and first published as a board game in 1987 .	The game , for two or more people , involves solving rebuses : puzzles in which a common word or saying is hidden in a cryptic or otherwise unique arrangement of symbols .
Some board games have solo variants , like Arkham Horror and Agricola .	Others are specifically designed for one player .
He is the son of Sir Arthur Norrington and his brother is Humphrey Thomas Norrington .	Norrington studied at The Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto , Dragon School , Oxford , Westminster School , Clare College , Cambridge and the Royal College of Music under Adrian Boult among others .
Its name comes from the Greek word στέαρ `` '' stéar '' '' , which means tallow .	The salts and esters of stearic acid are called stearates .
in the American Football League ( AFL ) He led the Texans/Chiefs in pass receptions in four seasons ( 1961–1963 , 1965 ) .	An AFL All-Star in 1961 , he followed that performance with a team-record 12 receptions for touchdowns in 1962 .
In theory , the Emperor of Japan was the supreme leader , and the Cabinet , whose Prime Minister would be elected by a Privy Council , were his followers ; in practice , the Emperor was head of state but the Prime Minister was the actual head of government .	Under the Meiji Constitution , the Prime Minister and his Cabinet were not necessarily chosen from the elected members of the group .
However , his revolt was eventually quelled by the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .	Wu was born in Gaoyou , Jiangsu province , to Wu Xiang and Lady Zu .
The party is based largely upon the ideals and policies of Adolf Hitler 's Nazi Party in Germany during the Nazi era , and embraced its uniforms and iconography .	Shortly after Rockwell 's assassination in 1967 , the organization appointed Rockwell 's second in command , Deputy Commander Matt Koehl as the new leader .
Chen Yuanyuan was born to a peasant family in Jiangsu province , and on the death of her father , she became a courtesan .	Chen became a leading figure in the Suzhou opera scene .
Buddy memory allocation is relatively easy to implement .	It supports limited but efficient splitting and coalescing of memory blocks .
Recently , Matsuri has begun a sequel , .	TOKYOPOP has acquired the rights to this sequel and calls it `` Pet Shop of Horrors – Tokyo , '' and the first volume was released in February 2008 .
1 in the US and No .	9 in the UK , and the title track is one of the band 's biggest hits , reaching No .
It was created and scripted by Scottish writer Grant Morrison , and drawn by various artists throughout its publication .	The series loosely follows the doings of a single cell of The Invisible College , a secret organization battling against physical and psychic oppression using time travel , magic , meditation , and physical violence .
This carpet is described as follows : `` Whoever sitteth on this carpet and willeth in thought to be taken up and set down upon other site will , in the twinkling of an eye , be borne thither , be that place nearhand or distant many a day 's journey and difficult to reach . ''	The literary traditions of several other cultures also feature magical carpets , in most cases literally flying rather than instantly transporting their passengers from place to place .
The significance of PTAT-1 is that it broke the international telecommunication monopoly held by AT & T Corporation and British Telecom ( BT ) for telecommunications between the US and UK .	PTAT-1 was built by a joint venture of a small private US company , Private TransAtlantic Telecommunication System ( PTAT Systems , founded as TelOptik in 1984 ) and Cable & Wireless plc of the UK .
Baptists Together ( officially The Baptist Union of Great Britain ) is the association of Baptist churches in England and Wales .	The Baptist Union of Great Britain was formed when the General Baptists and Particular Baptists came together in 1891 .
In terms of lyrics , the release invokes the themes of aging and working through differing 'stages ' in one 's life .	Lead single `` Amanda '' , the album 's first track , became a number one hit and is one of the group 's best known songs .
Jorge Newbery Airfield ( , ) is an international airport located in Palermo neighbourhood , northeast of downtown Buenos Aires , Argentina .	The airport covers an area of and is operated by `` Aeropuertos Argentina 2000 S.A. '' It is located in the Palermo ward , along the Río de la Plata , and serves as the main hub for domestic flights from Buenos Aires as well as to Uruguay , Bolivia , Brazil , Chile , and Paraguay .
Iowa is a pioneer in educational broadcasting ; it is home to two of the oldest educational radio broadcast stations in the world , the University of Iowa 's WSUI and Iowa State University 's WOI .	The electrical engineering department at the State University of Iowa ( SUI ) in Iowa City demonstrated television with an exhibit at the Iowa State Fair in Des Moines on August 28 , 1931 .
Lucifer was a direct precursor to the Data Encryption Standard .	One version , alternatively named DTD-1 , saw commercial use in the 1970s for electronic banking .
The original Japanese and English voice cast also reprised their roles .	`` Cowboy Bebop : The Movie '' is set between episodes 22 and 23 of the original series .
The following tables list the cardinal number names and symbols for the numbers 0 through 10 in various languages and scripts of the world .	Where possible , each language 's native writing system is used , along with transliterations in Latin script and other important writing systems where applicable .
Bill Macatee was often a substitute announcer for Albert .	The show did not employ a regular ring announcer , but several high-profile announcers such as HBO 's Michael Buffer , Showtime 's Jimmy Lennon , Jr. , Philadelphia boxing staple Ed Derian , and future `` BattleBots '' announcer Mark Beiro were featured with Derian and Beiro featured more frequently as the years went on .
Born in Kampung Pulau Keladi , a village located at northwest of Pekan , Pahang on 11 March 1922 , Abdul Razak is the first of two children to Yang DiHormat Orang Kaya Indera Shahbandar ke-9 , Dato ' Hussein bin Mohd Taib and Datin Hajah Teh Fatimah bt Daud .	An aristocratic descent of `` Orang Kaya Indera Shahbandar '' , Abdul Razak studied at the Malay College Kuala Kangsar .
He was born in Salem , Massachusetts , the son of Benjamin Peirce ( 1778–1831 ) , later librarian of Harvard , and Lydia Ropes Nichols Peirce ( 1781–1868 ) .	After graduating from Harvard University in 1829 , he remained as a tutor , and was subsequently appointed professor of mathematics in 1831 .
Robert Koffler Jarvik , M.D .	( born May 11 , 1946 ) is an American scientist , researcher , and entrepreneur known for his role in developing the Jarvik-7 artificial heart .
He remained Prime Minister following the formation of Malaysia in 1963 , when Sabah , Sarawak , and Singapore joined the federation , until his resignation in 1970 .	Commonly known simply as `` Tunku '' ( a Malay royal title ) , Tunku Abdul Rahman is widely regarded , even by his critics , as Malaysia 's `` founding father '' , the architect of Malayan independence and the formation of Malaysia .
Tun Hussein bin Dato ' Onn , , ( Jawi : حسين بن عون ; b .	12 February 1922 ; d. 29 May 1990 ) was the third Prime Minister of Malaysia , serving in this role from 1976 to 1981 and also served for constituency .
It was patronized by Kamehameha IV and Queen Emma who gave the school its name in 1870 .	`` Iolani '' in the Hawaiian language means `` heavenly hawk '' .
The word Nommos is derived from a Dogon word meaning `` to make one drink . ''	The Nommos are usually described as amphibious , hermaphroditic , fish-like creatures .
In other countries , laws and traditions vary .	While most of institutions listed are women 's universities ; there are very few that are universities for women ( curriculum as per women 's needs ) for instance , Mody University , Rajasthan India which also happens to be the largest integrated residential university for women .
Katmai National Park and Preserve is an American national park and preserve in southern Alaska , notable for the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes and for its brown bears .	The park and preserve encompass , which is between the sizes of Connecticut and New Jersey .
He is considered to be the most influential person to have ever lived by many , finding a significant place in numerous cultural contexts .	Christianity teaches that Jesus is the Messiah ( Christ ) foretold in the Old Testament and the Son of God Incarnate .
The term `` scream queen '' is more specifically used to refer to the `` attractive young damsels-in-distress '' characters that have appeared in a number of films in the horror genre .	Lloyd Kaufman , co-founder of Troma Entertainment , noted that being a scream queen is `` more than just crying and having ketchup thrown on you .
Experimental psychology emerged as a modern academic discipline in the 19th century when Wilhelm Wundt introduced a mathematical and experimental approach to the field .	Wundt founded the first psychology laboratory in Leipzig , Germany .
The law has also been applied to biological populations and ecosystem models for factors such as sunlight or mineral nutrients .	This concept was originally applied to plant or crop growth , where it was found that increasing the amount of plentiful nutrients did not increase plant growth .
104 , no .	1 , p. 340-371 .
The company was founded by ANA , Japan Airlines and TOA Domestic as in March 1974 and started operations on 10 October 1974 .	The name `` Air Nippon '' was adopted in 1987 , and the abbreviation ANK comes from the full , somewhat redundant name `` Air Nippon Kabushiki kaisha '' ( lit .
Membership may be open to all , may require possession of some qualification , or may be an honour conferred by election .	Most learned societies are non-profit organisations , and many are professional associations .
These teachings emphasize that as the Lamb of God , Jesus chose to suffer on the cross at Calvary as a sign of his obedience to the will of God , as an `` agent and servant of God '' .	Jesus ' choice positions him as a man of obedience , in contrast to Adam 's disobedience .
A second issue is closely tied to historical research practices and methodologies for analyzing the reliability of primary sources and other historical evidence .	Virtually all New Testament scholars and Near East historians , applying the standard criteria of historical investigation , find that the historicity of Jesus is effectively certain although they differ about the beliefs and teachings of Jesus as well as the accuracy of the details of his life that have been described in the gospels .
It receded from serious consideration in the early 1980s after inflation theory emerged as a solution to the horizon problem , which had arisen from advances in observations revealing the large-scale structure of the universe .	In the early 2000s , inflation was found by some theorists to be problematic and unfalsifiable in that its various parameters could be adjusted to fit any observations , so that the properties of the observable universe are a matter of chance .
While some individuals believe in the authenticity of Jesus relics others doubt their validity .	For instance , the sixteenth-century Catholic theologian Erasmus wrote about the proliferation of relics , and the number of buildings that could be constructed from wooden relics claimed to be from the crucifixion cross of Jesus .
Skinner 's approach was characterized by empirical observation of measurable behavior which could be predicted and controlled .	It owed its early success to the effectiveness of Skinner 's procedures of operant conditioning , both in the laboratory and in behavior therapy .
Some people may earn the respect of individuals by assisting others or by playing important social roles .	In many cultures , individuals are considered to be worthy of respect until they prove otherwise .
Their father , Samuel Wesley , was the rector from 1695 to 1735 .	Epworth is situated in the Isle of Axholme .
The lesser crested tern ( `` Thalasseus bengalensis '' ) is a tern in the family , Laridae .	The genus name is from Ancient Greek `` Thalasseus '' , `` fisherman '' from `` thalassa '' , `` sea '' .
Byatt was born in Sheffield as Antonia Susan Drabble , the eldest child of John Drabble , QC , and Kathleen Bloor , a scholar of Browning .	Her sisters are the novelist Margaret Drabble and the art historian Helen Langdon .
In Vermont , the written term `` NEK '' is often used .	The term `` Northeast Kingdom '' is attributed to George D. Aiken , former Governor of Vermont and a U.S. senator , who first used the term in a 1949 speech .
The Iron Guard ( ) is the name most commonly given to a far-right movement and political party in Romania in the period from 1927 into the early part of World War II .	Founded by Corneliu Codreanu , it is also known as the Legion of the Archangel Michael ( ) or the Legionnaire movement ( ) .
Dipteronia is a genus of two living and one extinct species , regarded in the soapberry family Sapindaceae `` sensu lato '' after Angiosperm Phylogeny Group ( APG I 1998 , APG II 2003 ) and more recently ( Harrington `` et al . ''	2005 ) ) or traditionally by several authors in Aceraceae , related to the maples .
The LISA concept has a constellation of three spacecraft , arranged in an equilateral triangle with sides 2.5 million km long , flying along an Earth-like heliocentric orbit .	The distance between the satellites is precisely monitored to detect a passing gravitational wave .
In the former case , one may regard the Gelfand representation as a far-reaching generalization of the Fourier transform of an integrable function .	In the latter case , the Gelfand–Naimark representation theorem is one avenue in the development of spectral theory for normal operators , and generalizes the notion of diagonalizing a normal matrix .
The Ross Mk.II ( or `` model 1905 '' ) rifle was highly successful in target shooting before World War I , but the close chamber tolerances , lack of primary extraction and overall length made the Mk.III ( or `` 1910 '' ) Ross rifle unsuitable for the conditions of trench warfare , exacerbated by the often poor quality ammunition issued .	By 1916 , the rifle had been withdrawn from front line service , but continued to be used by many snipers of the Canadian Expeditionary Force until the end of the war due to its exceptional accuracy .
Doppelmayr was founded in Wolfurt , Austria , in 1892 ( originally as ) .	In 1967 , , the grandson of the founder , Konrad Doppelmayr , and son of Austrian businessman Emil Doppelmayr , became managing director of the company .
For instance , properties of functions can be determined by considering the types of functional equations they satisfy .	The term `` functional equation '' usually refers to equations that can not be simply reduced to algebraic equations .
Born in Bartholomäberg , Montafon , Vorarlberg , Wachter won the World Cup overall title in 1993 , and the giant slalom title twice ( 1990 & 1994 ) .	She was the gold medalist in the combined at the 1988 Winter Olympics , and won two silver medals in 1992 ( combined and giant slalom ) .
Piz Buin is with 3312m the highest peak within the Silvretta mountain range .	The area has a population of 16.642 people .
The idea was devised by John Wheeler in 1955 .	With an incomplete theory of quantum gravity , it is impossible to be certain what spacetime would look like at small scales .
In the west , one can see one of the most popular hiking and climbing mountains in Vorarlberg , the Zimba , which is called the `` Vorarlberger Matterhorn '' .	Schruns is in Vorarlberg , the westernmost area of Austria , in the vicinity of Bludenz at 690 meters in the Montafon valley on the Litz river , a tributary of the Ill river .
The son of Giancarlo Casiraghi ( d. 1998 ) , a businessman and Fernanda ( née Biffi ) , Stefano Casiraghi grew up in the Casiraghi family 's estate , Villa Cigogne , in Fino Mornasco .	He had two brothers , Marco and Daniele ( died in 2016 ) , and one sister , Rosalba .
Later in life , he served as chief and a councilor for the Wasauksing First Nation , and as an activist and leader in several First Nations organizations .	He corresponded with and met other noted aboriginal figures including Fred Loft , Jules Sioui , Andrew Paull and John Tootoosis .
Historian John Foster defined it as `` the Roman Empire , or rather that part of it which alone was known to the Chinese , Syria '' .	In various texts its capitals were given as Antioch and Constantinople , with no clear descriptions of the city of Rome .
It is a 279 cm tall limestone block with text in both Chinese and Syriac describing the existence of Christian communities in several cities in northern China .	It reveals that the initial Nestorian Christian church had met recognition by the Tang Emperor Taizong , due to efforts of the Christian missionary Alopen in 635 .
Each gene pool includes various alleles of genes .	The variation occurs both within and among populations , supported by individual carriers of the variant genes .
He left before completing these studies , however , in order to take up a position at the Stettiner Maschinenbau AG Vulcan , a major shipyard .	Walter ’ s experience with marine engines here led him to become interested in overcoming some of the limitations of the internal combustion engine .
He has been widely praised for his `` original sense of spatial composition , his mastery of the classical form and his brilliant craftsmanship '' .	Allward 's 1917 heroic monument , the Bell Telephone Memorial , has been seen as the finest example of his early works .
While the name of the group is similar to Ayn Rand 's school of philosophy , the two movements are not affiliated .	The core group consisted of the Americans Zukofsky , Williams , Charles Reznikoff , George Oppen and Carl Rakosi , and the British poet Basil Bunting .
A Feet First ( FF ) Motorcycle is a class of motorcycle design that seeks to look at the two-wheeled concept afresh , and create a new form of practical personal transport .	The name `` feet first '' ( also referred to as `` feet forward '' ) was first used by Royce Creasey and refers to the rider 's seating position , with feet ahead in a position ( like a car ) , rather than below and astride , as with conventional bikes .
It derived from the South American Spanish phrase `` la yapa '' or `` ñapa '' ( referring to a free extra item , usually a very cheap one ) .	`` La '' is the definite article in Spanish as well as in French ( `` la ñapa '' or `` la gniappe '' = the ñapa/gniappe ) .
It is the ancient language of the Vedas of Hinduism , texts compiled over the period of the mid-2nd to mid-1st millennium BCE .	It was orally preserved , predating the advent of Brahmi script by several centuries .
Single-track vehicles have unique dynamics that , in the case of wheeled vehicles , are discussed at length in bicycle and motorcycle dynamics , that usually require leaning into a turn , and that usually include countersteering .	Single-track vehicles can roll on wheels , slide , float , or hydroplane .
PSOLA ( Pitch Synchronous Overlap and Add ) is a digital signal processing technique used for speech processing and more specifically speech synthesis .	It can be used to modify the pitch and duration of a speech signal .
The post of a statutory and permanent Joint Chiefs of Staff chair was created by the 1949 amendments to the National Security Act of 1947 .	The 1986 Goldwater-Nichols Act elevated the Chairman from the first among equals to becoming the `` principal military advisor '' to the President and the Secretary of Defense .
It debuted in 1976 as a compact hatchback , though this style only lasted through 1989 , as the line-up was expanded to include a sedan , coupe , and wagon .	By the Accord 's sixth generation in the 1990s , it evolved into an intermediate vehicle , with one basic platform but with different bodies and proportions to increase its competitiveness against its rivals in different international markets .
The ring of symmetric functions can be given a coproduct and a bilinear form making it into a positive selfadjoint graded Hopf algebra that is both commutative and cocommutative .	The study of symmetric functions is based on that of symmetric polynomials .
His wealthy father died in 1796 , when Roderick was four years old , and he was sent to Durham School three years later , and then the Royal Military College , Great Marlow to be trained for the army .	In 1808 he landed with Wellesley in Galicia , and was present at the actions of Roliça and Vimeiro .
The Goldwater–Nichols Act of 1986 created the position of VCJCS to assist the Chairman in exercising his or her duties .	In the absence of the Chairman , the Vice Chairman presides over the meetings of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and all other duties prescribed under and may also perform other duties that the President , the Chairman , or the Secretary of Defense prescribes .
Absorption spectroscopy is performed across the electromagnetic spectrum .	Absorption spectroscopy is employed as an analytical chemistry tool to determine the presence of a particular substance in a sample and , in many cases , to quantify the amount of the substance present .
She is a violinist and lead singer in folk-rock band Garmarna , which she joined in 1993 for their first album , and also lead singer for the folk band Triakel .	Härdelin was born into a family of nationally acclaimed musicians as the daughter of Swedish traditional fiddler Thore Härdelin .
He had a lifelong interest in music that led him to emphasise the sonic qualities of poetry , particularly the importance of reading poetry aloud .	He was an accomplished reader of his own work .
Various equivalent characterizations of these modules appear below .	A free module is a projective module , but the converse may not hold over some rings , such as Dedekind rings .
Romuva is a polytheistic pagan faith which asserts the sanctity of nature and ancestor worship .	Practising the Romuva faith is seen by many adherents as a form of cultural pride , along with celebrating traditional forms of art , retelling Baltic folklore , practising traditional holidays , playing traditional Baltic music , singing traditional `` dainas '' or hymns and songs as well as ecological activism and stewarding sacred places .
openMSX is a free software emulator for the MSX architecture .	It is available for multiple platforms , including Microsoft Windows and POSIX systems such as Linux
XY is a gay men 's magazine , relaunched in 2016 , which has been published in the United States since 1996 .	XY started as a gay male youth-oriented magazine and social network .
The author 's first novel , it revolves around the protagonist Phaethon ( full name Phaethon Prime Rhadamanth Humodified ( augment ) Uncomposed , Indepconsciousness , Base Neuroformed , Silver-Gray Manorial Schola , Era 7043 ) .	The novel concerns Phaethon 's discovery that parts of his past have been edited out of his mind—apparently by himself .
Morgan 's books are generally set in a post-extropianist dystopian world .	Morgan described his `` takeaway '' of one of his books as :
Unstrut-Hainich-Kreis is a `` Kreis '' ( district ) in the north of Thuringia , Germany .	Neighboring districts are ( from the north clockwise ) the districts Eichsfeld , Kyffhäuserkreis , Sömmerda , Gotha , Wartburgkreis and the district Werra-Meißner in Hesse .
After his ennoblement in 1998 , he switched to presenting the new `` In Our Time '' , an academic discussion radio programme , which has run to over 800 broadcast editions , and is a popular podcast .	He was Chancellor of the University of Leeds from 1999 until 2017 .
The island is long and wide , with a total area of .	According to legend , a giant named Vist created Visingsö by throwing a lump of soil into the lake so that his wife could use it to step over the lake .
The South Bank Show is a British television arts magazine show .	It was originally produced by London Weekend Television and broadcast on ITV between 1978 and 2010 .
Common terms for executioners derived from forms of capital punishment—though they often also performed other physical punishments—include `` hangman '' ( hanging ) and `` headsman '' ( beheading ) .	In the military , the role of executioner was performed by a soldier , such as the `` provost '' .
Two of his long poems , `` Advent '' ( 1975 ) and `` Death of Hektor '' ( 1979 ) , were widely considered to be important works in the canon of Irish poetic modernism .	He also ran Advent , a small press , during the 1960s and 1970s .
Until April 2005 , he was a leading member in the Freedom Party .	Born in Vorarlberg , he was vice-governor ( ) of Vorarlberg until 2003 .
This lip is fringed and hood-shaped .	The flower gives off a pungent smell that attracts flies .
The American Anti-Slavery Society ( AASS ; 1833–1870 ) was an abolitionist society founded by William Lloyd Garrison and Arthur Tappan .	Frederick Douglass , an escaped slave , was a key leader of this society who often spoke at its meetings .
Continuous post-war expansion followed and the organisation seized a variety of lighting , engineering and consumer electronics businesses , merging with EMI in 1979 to create Thorn EMI , which itself demerged in the mid-1990s .	In 1994 , following a leveraged management buy-out , Thorn Lighting Ltd floated on the London Stock Exchange as TLG plc ( the Thorn Lighting Group ) until it was acquired by Wassall plc four years later .
The Zumtobel Group includes the subsidiaries of `` Zumtobel '' , `` Thorn '' , `` Tridonic '' , `` acdc '' and `` Reiss '' .	The present-day Zumtobel Group originated as `` '' Elektrogeräte und Kunstharzpresswerk W. Zumtobel KG '' '' , which was founded in Dornbirn / Vorarlberg in 1950 .
His father , the Rev .	Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet , LL.D .
`` , which was in production at the same time as this film .	`` Ernest Saves Christmas '' is the third film to feature Varney 's character Ernest P. Worrell , and chronicles Ernest 's attempt to help find a replacement for an aging Santa Claus .
In 1922–23 , steps were taken to fix a standard after the birds began to show a good deal of uniformity .	The eggs were originally exported for the commercial egg trade .
Stirling is located at the crossing of the River Forth , making it a key location for access to the north of Scotland .	The castle changed hands several times between English and Scottish control during the Wars of Scottish Independence ( 1296–1357 ) .
In 1687 , the Governor of New France , the Marquis de Denonville , constructed a new fort at the former site of Fort Conti .	He named it Fort Denonville and posted a hundred men under the command of Capt .
The short was directed by Jack King , and animated by Lee Morehouse , Wolfgang Reitherman , and Don Towsley .	The story was created by Jack Hannah and Carl Barks .
In the Battle of Roliça ( 17 August 1808 ) an Anglo-Portuguese army under Sir Arthur Wellesley defeated an outnumbered Imperial French division under General of Division Henri François Delaborde , near the village of Roliça in Portugal .	The French retired in good order .
The Cessna 208 is a high-wing braced cabin monoplane powered by a single Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6A turboprop in tractor configuration .	The cabin has room for nine passengers and two crew when used as a passenger aircraft with four doors : one for each crew member , an airstair door on the right side of the cabin and a cargo door on the left .
Typically , mock-heroic works either put a fool in the role of the hero or exaggerate the heroic qualities to such a point that they become absurd .	Historically , the mock-heroic style was popular in 17th-century Italy , and in the post-Restoration and Augustan periods in Great Britain .
Marmon Motor Car Company was an American automobile manufacturer founded by Howard Carpenter Marmon and owned by Nordyke Marmon & Company of Indianapolis , Indiana , US .	It was established in 1851 and was merged and renamed in 1933 .
Some countries issue formal identity documents , as national identification cards which may be compulsory or non-compulsory , while others may require identity verification using regional identification or informal documents .	When the identity document incorporates a person 's photograph , it may be called photo ID .
Translatio studii ( Latin for `` transfer of learning '' ) is a historiographical concept , originating in the Middle Ages , in which history is viewed as a linear succession of transfers of knowledge or learning from one geographical place and time to another .	The concept is closely linked to `` translatio imperii '' , which similarly describes the movement of imperial dominance .
The play features a middle-aged middle-class couple living in a north London suburb whose life has been catastrophically affected by a hit-and-run accident which has left their beautiful undergraduate daughter totally dependent upon them , but their lives are dramatically changed by the arrival of a mysterious young stranger .	For two years , Tom and Amy Bates have been struggling to cope with their altered lives , after their daughter Pattie ( or Patricia ) was severely injured in a hit-and-run accident .
In 113 BC , Parthians conquered the city , and held it , with one brief Roman intermission ( 114 AD ) , until 165 AD .	Under Parthian rule , it became an important provincial administrative center .
The Hudson name was continued through the 1957 model year , after which it was discontinued .	The name `` Hudson '' came from Joseph L. Hudson , a Detroit department store entrepreneur and founder of Hudson 's department store , who provided the necessary capital and gave permission for the company to be named after him .
`` The Brady Bunch '' , `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' , `` Charmed '' , `` Hamtaro '' , `` The Osbournes '' , `` The Outer Limits '' , `` Pokémon '' , `` Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer '' , `` Smallville '' , `` South Park '' , `` Stargate SG-1 '' , `` Survivor '' , `` Witchblade ''	Baby Huey , Casper and Wendy , Felix the Cat , Hot Stuff the Little Devil , The Little Rascals , Mighty Mouse , NHL hockey , Pink Panther , Richie Rich , Rocky , Sonic the Hedgehog , The Three Stooges
There 's Something About Miriam is a reality television show filmed in 2003 , created by British TV producer Remy Blumenfeld and Gavin Hay and originally aired in the United Kingdom on Sky1 in February 2004 .	Hosted by Tim Vincent , it featured six men wooing 21-year-old Mexican model Miriam without revealing that she was a pre-operative trans woman until the final episode .
The event at Rideau Hall , the Governor General 's residence in Ottawa , was scheduled to begin at 10:00 on a Monday morning .	`` Children from across the National Capital Region will be invited to attend the event , which will also include readings and workshops related to children 's literature . ''
It was formed on 20 February 1943 when British Eighth Army advancing from the east and British First Army advancing into Tunisia from the west came close enough to require coordinated command during the Tunisia Campaign .	The 18th Army Group was commanded by General Sir Harold Alexander and came under General Dwight D. Eisenhower , Commander-in-Chief Allied Forces Headquarters ( AFHQ ) .
From 1691 to 1911 , Outer Mongolia was ruled by the Manchu Qing dynasty .	In the first decade of the 20th century , the Qing government began implementing the so-called New Policies , aimed at a further integration of Outer Mongolia .
In mathematics , a Hopf algebra , named after Heinz Hopf , is a structure that is simultaneously an ( unital associative ) algebra and a ( counital coassociative ) coalgebra , with these structures ' compatibility making it a bialgebra , and that moreover is equipped with an antiautomorphism satisfying a certain property .	The representation theory of a Hopf algebra is particularly nice , since the existence of compatible comultiplication , counit , and antipode allows for the construction of tensor products of representations , trivial representations , and dual representations .
JDI was founded in 1980 by Russell Dan Smith as People Organized to Stop the Rape of Imprisoned Persons ( POSRIP ) and was soon renamed Stop Prisoner Rape .	In 2008 , the organization changed its name to Just Detention International , in recognition of its work in all forms of detention and beyond the United States .
Publicly funded healthcare is a form of health care financing designed to meet the cost of all or most healthcare needs from a publicly managed fund .	Usually this is under some form of democratic accountability , the right of access to which are set down in rules applying to the whole population contributing to the fund or receiving benefits from it .
The company became a subsidiary of the Carl Lindström Company which was sold to the Columbia Graphophone Company in 1926 .	Artists on the label included Bert Alvey , Jessie Broughton , Albertina Cassani , Lucia Cavalli , Cook & Carpenter , Gerhard Ebeler , Kappelle Willy Krug , Kapelle Merton , Miss Riboet , Phillip Ritte , the Beka London Orchestra , the Dobbri Saxophone Orchestra , the Martina Salon Orchestra , the Meister Orchestra , and the Royal Cowes Minstrels .
Born in the hamlet of White Coppice , near Chorley , Lancashire , Tate was the son of a Unitarian clergyman , the Reverend William Tate , and his wife Agnes Booth .	When he was 13 , he became a grocer 's apprentice in Liverpool .
`` Negima ! ''	has been adapted into two anime television series , the first created by Xebec aired in the first half of 2005 and followed the manga , while the second is an alternate retelling of the series by Shaft titled `` Negima ! ? `` .
It characterizes networked structures in terms of `` nodes '' ( individual actors , people , or things within the network ) and the `` ties '' , `` edges '' , or `` links '' ( relationships or interactions ) that connect them .	Examples of social structures commonly visualized through social network analysis include social media networks , memes spread , information circulation , friendship and acquaintance networks , business networks , social networks , collaboration graphs , kinship , disease transmission , and sexual relationships .
WWVB is a time signal radio station near Fort Collins , Colorado and is operated by the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) .	Most radio-controlled clocks in North America use WWVB 's transmissions to set the correct time .
The term was coined to stand in contrast to more traditional forms of democracy , such as representational democracy and direct democracy .	The phrase draws upon emergence theory for the idea that the simple actions of individuals can collectively create complex and unpredictable results , as when the behavior of termites results in large , efficient nests beyond the comprehension of any individual participant .
Unless the Leader is also a departmental minister , being Leader constitutes the bulk of his or her government responsibilities , but it has never been an independent salaried office .	The Office of the Leader of the House of Lords is a ministerial department .
In 1106 , Pomerania is divided by his two older sons : Wartislaw , who founded the House of Pomerania and the Duchy of Pomerania , and Świętopełk I .	After Swietopelk 's death , his lands were occupied by the Saxon prince Lothar of Supplinburg .
situated in time and in space .	In particular , some forms of phenomenalism reduce talk about physical objects in the external world to talk about `` bundles of sense-data '' .
Circle Records is a jazz record label founded in 1946 by Rudi Blesh and Harriet Janis .	In New York , Blesh and Janis heard jazz drummer Warren `` Baby '' Dodds playing inventive solos with Bunk Johnson 's band .
In mathematics , the Lucas–Lehmer test ( LLT ) is a primality test for Mersenne numbers .	The test was originally developed by Édouard Lucas in 1856 and subsequently improved by Lucas in 1878 and Derrick Henry Lehmer in the 1930s .
With the onset of the Cold War , negotiations between the United States and the Soviet Union failed to lead to an independent and unified Korea .	In 1948 , UN-supervised elections were held in the US-occupied south only .
Only one artist , Kid Ory 's Creole Jazz Band , was released on the Crescent label , which was distributed by Hollywood 's Jazz Man Record Shop .	Although only eight discs were released , they are considered to be among the most important jazz recordings ever made .
From his knighthood in 1972 until becoming a peer in 1987 he was known as Sir Michael Havers .	Havers was the second son of High Court Judge Sir Cecil Havers and Enid Flo Havers ( née Snelling ) and was the brother of Baroness Butler-Sloss ( born 1933 ) who in 1988 became the first woman named to the Court of Appeal and later President of the Family Division .
The name is officially retained in the Hadhramaut Governorate of the Republic of Yemen .	The people of Hadhramaut are called `` Hadhrami '' , and speak Hadhrami Arabic .
He was a prolific composer in many of the current styles , and was especially famous for his polyphonic settings of the psalms in Dutch known as the `` Souterliedekens . ''	Nothing is known of Clemens ' early life , and even the details of the years of his artistic maturity are sketchy .
Gold Star Records is an American independent record label , which was founded in 1941 .	Gold Star Recording Company originated as a recording studio in Houston , Texas , and was founded in October 1941 by Bill Quinn under the name Quinn Recording Company .
After a brief ministry of 131 days , his `` Party of Movement '' gave way before the `` Party of Order '' led by the banker Casimir-Pierre Perier .	Laffitte left office discredited politically and financially ruined .
The Treaty of Tlatelolco is the conventional name given to the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean .	It is embodied in the OPANAL ( , ) .
Hercules George Robert Robinson , 1st Baron Rosmead , ( 19 December 1824 – 28 October 1897 ) , was a British colonial administrator who became the 5th Governor of Hong Kong and subsequently , the 14th Governor of New South Wales , the first Governor of Fiji , and the 8th Governor of New Zealand .	From June 1859 until August 1896 , he was known as Sir Hercules Robinson .
Frank Kubin , Rhine Winkler , etc .	) .
Nova ( stylized NOVΛ ) is an American popular science television series produced by WGBH Boston .	It is broadcast on PBS in the U.S. , and in more than 100 other countries .
It resulted in the capture of Emperor Napoleon III and large numbers of his troops and for all intents and purposes decided the war in favour of Prussia and its allies , though fighting continued under a new French government .	The 130,000 strong French `` Army of Châlons '' , commanded by Marshal Patrice de MacMahon and accompanied by Napoleon III , was attempting to lift the Siege of Metz , only to be caught by the Prussian Fourth Army and defeated at the Battle of Beaumont on 30 August .
The label enjoyed its greatest commercial success in the 1940s until expansion and supplying its distributors with pressings of discs created financial problems ; the label folded in 1948 .	For a time in the 1940s , bandleader Ben Selvin headed the label 's artists & repertory .
Manor Records moved its headquarters to New Jersey .	The label featured such artists on its roster as Savannah Churchill , The Sentimentalists—later famous as The Four Tunes , Luis Russell , Deek Watson and His Brown Dots , Boy Green , Skoodle-Dum-Doo ( Seth Richard ) and Sheffield , as well as a number of other artists .
Recording for the album began in 1998 , when Dido officially signed a record deal with Arista Records .	As well as recording ten new tracks , Dido took two previously recorded tracks from her demo collection , `` Odds & Ends '' , and used them for the album , with `` Take My Hand '' appearing in its original form , and `` Sweet Eyed Baby '' being remixed to create `` Do n't Think of Me '' .
For most of its existence Puritan was a product of the Wisconsin Chair Company , which also marketed Paramount Records , but as a label Puritan briefly predates Paramount and began with United Phonographs Corporation .	Frederick Dennett , founder of the Wisconsin Chair Company , had been manufacturing phonograph cabinets for Edison for several years when he decided to get into the record business himself .
He went to Weimar in 1853 where he met Franz Liszt and became familiar with all the musicians in Liszt 's circle at the time , including Hector Berlioz and Johannes Brahms .	It is a measure of his close relationship with Liszt that it was he who played the solo part in the first Weimar performance of Liszt 's 2nd Piano Concerto , with the composer conducting .
Graphs are one of the objects of study in discrete mathematics .	The edges may be directed or undirected .
In the United Kingdom the name Airfix is synonymous with plastic models of this type , often simply referred to as `` an airfix kit '' even if made by another manufacturer .	Founded in 1939 , Airfix was owned by Humbrol from 1986 until the latter 's financial collapse on 31 August 2006 .
Graph drawing is an area of mathematics and computer science combining methods from geometric graph theory and information visualization to derive two-dimensional depictions of graphs arising from applications such as social network analysis , cartography , linguistics , and bioinformatics .	A drawing of a graph or network diagram is a pictorial representation of the vertices and edges of a graph .
Together , the two forests are home to 23 developed campgrounds , and include nine swimming areas , of hiking trails , and of streams for fishing .	The majority of the trails in what are now the Ozark National Forest and St. Francis National Forest were constructed under the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) and Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) .
It belongs to the family Solenodontidae along with a similar species , the Hispaniolan solenodon ( `` Solenodon paradoxus '' ) .	The solenodon is unusual among mammals in that its saliva is venomous .
It is currently the tallest building in the city , the tallest building in Texas , the tallest five-sided building in the world , the 19th-tallest building in the United States , and the 107th-tallest building in the world .	The tower was built between 1979 and 1981 as the Texas Commerce Tower .
`` The Green Man '' is also a popular name for English public houses and various interpretations of the name appear on inn signs , which sometimes show a full figure rather than just the head .	The Green Man motif has many variations .
After a product is designed , usually by an industrial designer or an engineer , moulds are made by a mould-maker ( or toolmaker ) from metal , usually either steel or aluminium , and precision-machined to form the features of the desired part .	Injection moulding is widely used for manufacturing a variety of parts , from the smallest components to entire body panels of cars .
Henry Fox , 1st Baron Holland , PC ( 28 September 1705 – 1 July 1774 ) , of Holland House in Kensington and of Holland House in Kingsgate , Kent , was a leading British politician .	He identified primarily with the Whig faction .
In the 1920s he worked as a correspondent in Vienna , where he gathered material that he would later expand into books , `` The Prince of Thieves : A Biography of George Manolesco '' and `` The Great Hohenzollern Scandal '' .	Of Jewish descent , he moved to England sometime in the 1930s , and stayed there for the rest of his life .
This care can include advanced medical technology and procedures even when provided outside of hospitals .	Many medical investigations and treatments for acute and chronic illnesses and preventive health care can be performed on an ambulatory basis , including minor surgical and medical procedures , most types of dental services , dermatology services , and many types of diagnostic procedures ( e.g .
Weight can range from , with males averaging against the slightly larger female which averages .	Adults are metallic green above and greyish white below , with near-black wings .
In the English-dubbed version of `` Godzilla Raids Again '' ( released as `` Gigantis the Fire Monster '' in the US ) , the name of the dinosaur is pronounced `` '' ANG-will-o-Saw-rus , '' and given the sub-moniker `` Killer of the Living . ''	They ruled the Earth at one time , according to the film , then disappeared suddenly .
It has 4-wheel drive ( 8×4 ) and can be switched to all-wheel drive ( 8×8 ) .	The vehicle is named for two unrelated American servicemen who posthumously received the Medal of Honor : Private First Class Stuart S. Stryker , who died in World War II , and Specialist Four Robert F. Stryker , who died in the Vietnam War .
The secondary school segment is divided into ten houses ; eight are for day students and the remaining two are for boarding students .	Aside from the main structure , with its dominant clock tower , the Toronto campus has a number of sports facilities , staff and faculty residences , and buildings for other purposes .
The Ouachitas continue in the subsurface to the southeast where they make a poorly understood connection with the Appalachians and to the southwest where they join with the Marathon area of West Texas .	Together with the Ozark Plateaus , the Ouachitas form the U.S .
Sources	ABC , Inc. d.b.a .
A hybrid between this species and Anna 's hummingbird was called `` '' Trochilus '' violajugulum '' .	The black-chinned hummingbird is also known to hybridize with Anna 's , Lucifer , broad-tailed , and Costa 's hummingbirds .
Blanchard Springs Caverns is a cave system located in the Ozark–St .	Francis National Forest in Stone County in northern Arkansas , 2 miles off Highway 14 a short distance north of Mountain View .
Despite rumors that Ghidorah was meant to represent the threat posed by China , which had at the time of the character 's creation just developed nuclear weapons , director Ishirō Honda denied the connection and stated that Ghidorah was simply a modern take on the dragon Yamata no Orochi .	The initial idea for `` Ghidorah , the Three-Headed Monster '' came from Tomoyuki Tanaka , who also created Godzilla .
Approximately 60 to 80 % of individuals with an amputation experience phantom sensations in their amputated limb , and the majority of the sensations are painful .	Phantom sensations may also occur after the removal of body parts other than the limbs , e.g .
They became extinct , perhaps around 1000–1200 CE , for reasons that are unclear , although human activity is the suspected cause .	Elephant birds comprised the genera `` Mullerornis '' , `` Vorombe '' and `` Aepyornis '' .
As a teenager , the young Alagna began busking and singing pop in Parisian cabarets , mostly for tips .	Influenced primarily by the films of Mario Lanza and learning from recordings of many historic tenors , he then switched to opera , but remained largely self-taught .
The community is adjacent to NASA 's Johnson Space Center , as well as other major aerospace companies—including Boeing and Lockheed-Martin .	The community and its adjacent areas have a high concentration of engineers due to both NASA and the local petrochemical and biomedical industries .
The libretto was written by Émile Deschamps , and the completed work was assigned the catalogue numbers Op .	17 and H. 79 .
`` Sticholonche '' are usually around 200 μm , though this varies considerably , and have a bilaterally symmetric shape , somewhat flattened and widened at the front .	The axopods are arranged into distinct rows , six of which lie in a dorsal groove and are rigid , and the rest of which are mobile .
After housing the Hong Kong Maritime Museum , now in Central , it is now home to restaurants and shops .	Murray House was one of the oldest surviving public buildings in Hong Kong .
He continued studies 10 years later with György Sándor .	After two years at Southern Methodist University in Dallas , he became a student of Adele Marcus at the Juilliard School , where he also studied conducting .
Angela Gheorghiu ( ; née Burlacu ; born 7 September 1965 ) is a Romanian soprano .	Since her professional debut in 1990 , she has performed in leading roles of several operas at New York 's Metropolitan Opera , London 's Royal Opera House , the Vienna State Opera , Milan 's La Scala , and many other opera houses in Europe and the United States .
The origin of the root `` nar '' is of Iranian origin , from Proto-Iranian `` nar '' for 'hero , man ' , descended from Proto-Indo-European `` *h₂nḗr '' .	In Chechen , the word `` nart '' means 'giant ' .
Mercury Record Corporation was formed in Chicago in 1945 by Irving Green , Berle Adams , Ray Greenberg and Arthur Talmadge .	They were a major force in jazz and blues , classical music , rock and roll , and country music recordings .
John Bull originated as a satirical character created by Dr John Arbuthnot , a friend of Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope .	Bull first appeared in 1712 in Arbuthnot 's pamphlet `` Law is a Bottomless Pit '' .
Jeanne Louise Calment ( ; 21 February 1875 – 4 August 1997 ) was a French woman from Arles widely reported to have been a supercentenarian and the oldest human whose age was well-documented , with a reputed lifespan of 122 years and 164 days .	According to various records , Calment outlived both her daughter and grandson .
By extension , picayune can mean `` trivial '' or `` of little value '' .	Aside from being used in Spanish territories , the picayune and other Spanish currency was used throughout the colonial United States .
Furthur is a 1939 International Harvester school bus purchased by author Ken Kesey in 1964 to carry his `` Merry Band of Pranksters '' cross-country , filming their counterculture adventures as they went .	Due to the chaos of the trip and editing difficulties , the footage of their journey was never released as a movie until the 2011 documentary film `` Magic Trip '' —although the bus featured prominently in Tom Wolfe 's 1968 book `` The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test '' .
For every ordinal `` η '' , a cardinal κ is called η-extendible if for some ordinal `` λ '' there is a nontrivial elementary embedding `` j '' of `` V '' into `` V '' , where `` κ '' is the critical point of `` j '' , and as usual `` V '' denotes the `` α '' th level of the von Neumann hierarchy .	A cardinal `` κ '' is called an extendible cardinal if it is `` η '' -extendible for every nonzero ordinal `` η '' ( Kanamori 2003 ) .
It was purchased earlier in 1873 by the planter Samuel Dorsey and his wife Sarah Dorsey .	After her husband 's death in 1875 , the widow , Sarah Ellis Dorsey learned of former Confederate President Jefferson Davis ' difficulties .
These rivers are all considered tributaries of the Pearl River because they share a common delta , the Pearl River Delta .	Measured from the farthest reaches of the Xi River , the Pearl River system is China 's third-longest river , , after the Yangtze River and the Yellow River , and second largest by volume , after the Yangtze .
No synbrachiform fossil is known .	The Mastacembeloidei were removed from the Perciformes and added to the Synbranchiformes after a phylogenetic analysis by Johnson and Patterson .
and has a meander length of .	The lower part of the river forms part of the boundary between Mississippi and Louisiana .
According to the BMAA Missions Department , `` the sun never sets on BMA Missions . ''	The BMAA currently supports the most missionaries around the world than ever before in the association 's history .
Synonyms for `` charlatan '' include `` shyster '' , `` quack '' , or `` faker '' .	`` Mountebank '' comes from the Italian `` montambanco '' or `` montimbanco '' based on the phrase `` monta in banco '' - literally referring to the action of a seller of dubious medicines getting up on a bench to address his audience of potential customers .
It acts as a conduit to transport the male gamete cells from the pollen grain—either from the stigma ( in flowering plants ) to the ovules at the base of the pistil or directly through ovule tissue in some gymnosperms .	In maize , this single cell can grow longer than to traverse the length of the pistil .
Established in 1924 by Mr. Peter Tsui Yan Sau ( 徐仁壽 , formerly a teacher at St. Joseph 's College ) , WYK is one of the oldest and most prestigious secondary schools in Hong Kong , and was the first English-speaking college to be administered by local Chinese .	During the 1930s , Mr. Tsui , himself a devout Catholic , saw the need of the pupils for greater spiritual guidance , and decided to gradually hand over the administration to the incoming Jesuits who were looking to serve in some local educational establishments .
The swamp eels ( also written `` swamp-eels '' ) are a family ( Synbranchidae ) of freshwater eel-like fishes of the tropics and subtropics .	Most species are able to breathe air and typically live in marshes , ponds and damp places , sometimes burying themselves in the mud if the water source dries up .
`` Wyrd Sisters '' features three witches : Granny Weatherwax ; Nanny Ogg , matriarch of a large tribe of Oggs and owner of the most evil cat in the world ; and Magrat Garlick , the junior witch , who firmly believes in occult jewelry , covens , and bubbling cauldrons , much to the annoyance of the other two .	King Verence I of Lancre is murdered by his cousin , Duke Felmet , after his ambitious wife persuades him to do so .
Located in a favorable environment for strengthening , the storm quickly intensified into a Category 2 hurricane before striking the western part of Cuba on August 15 .	Emerging into the Gulf of Mexico , Camille underwent another period of rapid intensification and became a Category 5 hurricane the next day as it moved northward towards the Louisiana–Mississippi region .
The primary centers of Two-Seedism were in Northern Alabama , Arkansas , Eastern Tennessee , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , and Texas .	As of 2002 , five churches or congregations of this faith and order still existed in Alabama , Indiana , Tennessee , and Texas .
The lab ’ s scientists investigate the properties of rare isotopes and nuclear reactions .	In nature , these reactions would take place in stars and exploding stellar environments such as novae and supernovae .
Neither the dorsal nor anal fins have spines , and in `` Nagaichthys '' and `` Pillaia '' they have fused with the caudal fin ; in the other genera , the caudal is small but separate .	Their bodies have no scales .
He also trained with the Spanish military .	Cédras was chosen by the US and France to be in charge of security for the Haitian general election , 1990–1991 , and subsequently named Commander-in-Chief of the army by Jean-Bertrand Aristide in early 1991 .
It remained in use until the establishment of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic ( RSFSR ) in 1917 .	During the Soviet Union 's existence , it used a flag with a red field with a golden hammer and sickle and a golden bordered red star on top .
It is made of hardwood and generally has a goatskin hide .	It is played with the hands , and tuned by ropes .
However , from the 14th century onward , the gabelle was limited and solely referred to the French crown ’ s taxation of salt .	Because the gabelle affected all French citizens ( for use in cooking , for preserving food , for making cheese , and for raising livestock ) and propagated extreme regional disparities in salt prices , the salt tax stood as one of the most hated and grossly unequal forms of revenue generation in the country ’ s history .
The djembe has a body ( or shell ) carved of hardwood and a drumhead made of untreated ( not limed ) rawhide , most commonly made from goatskin .	Excluding rings , djembes have an exterior diameter of 30–38 cm ( 12–15 in ) and a height of 58–63 cm ( 23–25 in ) .
The name Swallow has been variously written as Sualan ( `` Domesday Book '' ) , Suawa , Swalwe and Swalewe ( all twelfth century ) .	`` The Oxford Dictionary of Place Names '' equates the name with Swale , suggesting that the village is called after a fast-moving river of that name , with `` eau '' being French for water .
The population of Meghalaya as of 2016 is estimated to be 3,211,474 .	Meghalaya covers an area of approximately 22,430 square kilometers , with a length to breadth ratio of about 3:1 .
Snot guitarist Mike Smith was initially brought in to replace Borland , although the band 's falling-out with Smith later led to his departure , with much of the material recorded with him being discarded from the final release .	Durst and a number of guests ended up handling the majority of the album 's guitar work .
This article focuses on the `` Eastern '' and `` North-African '' goblet drum .	The origin of the Egyptian Arabic term `` darabukka '' probably lies in the Arabic word `` darab '' ( `` to strike '' ) .
The only vinyl release on Sky and Trees was Chumbawamba singer Danbert Nobacon 's solo album `` The Unfairy Tale '' ( 1985 ) .	In 1985 Chumbawamba founded Agit-Prop Records , which served as the vehicle for their future releases until they gained a record contract with One Little Indian , and later , controversially , signed to EMI .
The dholak ( , , ; ; in the Netherlands and Suriname and ) is a South Asian two-headed hand-drum .	It may have traditional cotton rope lacing , screw-turnbuckle tensioning or both combined : in the first case steel rings are used for tuning or pegs are twisted inside the laces .
Most of the population is somewhat migratory , wintering further south to north Africa and India , and a few birds have wandered to western Europe .	A stray individual was reportedly seen on Antigua , April 24 , 1976 ( AOU , 2000 ) .
He is professor emeritus of Informatics at the Technical University of Munich where he had been employed since 1972 .	He is noted for inventing three data sorting structures : the B-tree ( with Edward M. McCreight ) , the UB-tree ( with Volker Markl ) and the red-black tree .
Ammukutty , better known as Ammu Swaminathan , a social worker and independence activist from an aristocratic Nair family known as `` Vadakkath '' family of Anakkara in Palghat , Kerala .	She is the elder sister of Mrinalini Sarabhai .
Thant ( ; ; ; 22 January 1909 – 25 November 1974 ) , known honorifically as U Thant ( ) , was a Burmese diplomat and the third Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1961 to 1971 , the first non-European to hold the position .	He held the office for a record 10 years and one month ( 3,683 days ) ( taking into account a one-month vacancy in November–December 1966 ) .
Empresas Polar is a Venezuelan corporation , that started as a brewery founded in 1941 by Lorenzo Alejandro Mendoza Fleury , Rafael Lujan and Karl Eggers in Antímano `` La Planta de Antimano '' , Caracas .	It is the largest and best known brewery in Venezuela , but has since long diversified to an array of industries , mostly related to food processing and packaging , also covering markets abroad .
Philosopher and educator , he was Director of Primary Education .	He was the author of a thesis on Sebastian Castellio , in whom he saw a `` liberal Protestant '' in his image .
He is also a member of the Club de Madrid , a group of more than 100 former Presidents and Prime Ministers of democratic countries , which works to strengthen democracy worldwide .	At the age of , Pérez de Cuéllar is currently both the oldest living former Peruvian prime minister and Secretary General of the United Nations .
He was the son of Antoine César Becquerel and the father of Henri Becquerel , one of the discoverers of radioactivity .	Becquerel was born in Paris and was in turn the pupil , assistant and successor of his father at the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle .
This is a list of classical music composers by era .	`` See the List of Medieval composers and Medieval music . ''
The original stimulus for the initiative was a call by Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme and Nobel laureates Gabriel García Márquez , Alfonso García Robles and Alva Myrdal for the presidents of Colombia , Mexico , Venezuela and Panama	to act as mediators in the conflicts .
It joins the Vienne near Châtellerault , in Cenon-sur-Vienne .	Among its tributaries are the Boivre , the Clouère and the Vonne .
Ashton-Tate grew from a small garage-based company to become a multinational corporation .	Once one of the `` Big Three '' software companies , which included Microsoft and Lotus , the company stumbled in the late 1980s and was sold to Borland in September 1991 .
A DC connector ( or DC plug , for one common type of connector ) is an electrical connector for supplying direct current ( DC ) power .	Compared to domestic AC power plugs and sockets , DC connectors have many more standard types that are not interchangeable .
He developed a scientific background in mathematical astronomy and was an assistant at the Stockholm Observatory , but gave up his devotion to scientific work to become a journalist in 1884 and began editing the newspapers `` Tiden '' and `` Social-Demokraten '' .	His decision to publish an article by the more radical socialist Axel Danielsson - a piece denounced by opponents as insulting to religious sensitivities - resulted in political convictions for blasphemy and imprisonment for both men .
It is named after its main river and is historically part of the English county of Sussex .	The council is based in Shoreham-by-Sea and the district has a population of 59,627 according to the 2001 census .
Arun was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , merging the Urban Districts of Bognor Regis and Littlehampton , the municipal borough of Arundel and parts of Chichester and Worthing Rural Districts .	The council has been under the control of the Conservative Party since its first election in 1973 .
Framework , launched in 1984 , was the first office suite to run on the PC 8086 with the MS-DOS operating system .	ValDocs , an even earlier integrated suite , actually comparable to the original Macintosh of 1984 and Apple Lisa of 1982 was produced by Epson , a complete integrated work station based on the previous Zilog Z80 processor and CP/M operating system with GUI and `` WYSIWYG '' typography on the monitor and printing .
In 1872 it voted to extend membership to men born in the other Australian colonies and changed its name at the same time .	The Association played a leading role in the movement for Australian federation in the last 20 years of the 19th century .
Their tail is black with white outer feathers .	There is an element of sexual dimorphism in the plumage , with the adult male possessing a yellow cap .
The dam , associated structures , and machinery make up the Wells Hydroelectric Project .	It is owned and operated by Douglas County Public Utility District .
The black color represents its troubled 19th century history as a protected state , the red colour represents the blood of those who fought for independence ( specifically , the Anglo-Afghan Treaty of 1919 ) , and the green represents hope and prosperity for the future .	Afghanistan has had 26 different flags since the first flag when the Hotaki dynasty was established in 1709 .
It is owned by the Grant County Public Utility District .	Its reservoir is named Lake Wanapum .
Priest Rapids Dam is a hydroelectric , concrete gravity dam ; located on the Columbia River , between the Yakima Firing Range and the Hanford Nuclear Reservation , and bridges Yakima County and Grant County , in the U.S. state of Washington .	The dam is 24 miles south of the town of Vantage , and 47 miles northwest of the city of Richland .
Computational complexity theory deals with how hard computations are , in quantitative terms , both with upper bounds ( algorithms whose complexity in the worst cases , as use of computing resources , can be estimated ) , and from below ( proofs that no procedure to carry out some task can be very fast ) .	For more abstract foundational matters , see the list of mathematical logic topics .
The spotted crake ( `` Porzana porzana '' ) is a small waterbird of the family Rallidae .	The scientific name is derived from Venetian terms for small rails .
Chicha includes corn beer , known as `` chicha de jora '' , and non-alcoholic beverages such as `` chicha morada '' .	Archaeobotanists have found evidence for `` chicha '' made from maize , the fruit of `` Schinus molle '' and `` Prosopis '' pods .
Moldmakers are generally employed in foundries , where molds are used to cast products from metals such as aluminium and cast iron .	The term moldmaker may also be used to describe workers employed in fabricating dies and metal moulds for use in injection moulding and die-casting , such as in the plastics , rubber or ceramics industries , in which case it is sometimes regarded as a variety of the trade of the toolmaker .
The river attracts kayaking and river rafting enthusiasts and tourism .	Tributaries include the Chiwawa River , Nason Creek , Peshastin Creek , and Icicle Creek .
The genus name `` Porzana '' is derived from Venetian terms for small rails , and `` parva '' is Latin for `` small '' .	Its breeding habitat is reed beds in Europe , mainly in the east , and just into western Asia .
Grand Coulee Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington , built to produce hydroelectric power and provide irrigation water .	Constructed between 1933 and 1942 , Grand Coulee originally had only two powerhouses .
The Ebbw Vale and Brynmawr conurbation has a population of roughly 33,000 .	It has direct access to the dualled A465 Heads of the Valleys trunk road and borders the Brecon Beacons National Park .
Irish hagiography makes her an early Irish Christian nun , abbess , and foundress of several monasteries of nuns , including that of Kildare in Ireland , which was famous and was revered .	Her feast day is 1 February , which was originally a pagan festival called Imbolc , marking the beginning of spring .
In addition to the four Gospels , in between the Gospels of Luke and John , it has an order for the Unction and Communion of the Sick .	The surviving illumination of the manuscript is a number of illuminated initials , three Evangelist portrait pages , and one page with an Evangelist 's symbol .
Even if these aspirations came to naught , there was a Scandinavian Monetary Union , with a common currency , and a union between Sweden and Norway , that the bank potentially would be able to exploit .	The bank was founded as Skandinaviska Kreditaktiebolaget , which roughly translates to `` Scandinavian Credit Ltd. '' .
Sebakh ( , less commonly transliterated as `` sebbakh '' ) is an Arabic word that translates to `` fertilizer '' .	This term is used to describe decomposed organic material that can be employed both as an agricultural fertilizer and as a fuel for fires .
The Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency ( NISRA ) uses the following definitions :	Towns are listed in bold .
It is best known for its flagship store in Charing Cross Road , London .	Foyles was once listed in the `` Guinness Book of Records '' as the world 's largest bookshop in terms of shelf length , at , and for number of titles on display .
Romuald ( ; 951 – traditionally 19 June , c. 1025/27 AD ) was the founder of the Camaldolese order and a major figure in the eleventh-century `` Renaissance of eremitical asceticism '' .	According to the `` vita '' by Peter Damian , written about fifteen years after Romuald 's death , Romuald was born in Ravenna , in northeastern Italy , to the aristocratic Onesti family .
Subsequent urban growth led to the designation of other places as boroughs , including Wrexham , Rhondda , Barry and Merthyr Tydfil , but many other settlements were only granted the status of urban district .	The Local Government Act 1972 allows civil parishes in England and Wales to resolve themselves to be town councils .
Here , glycogen phosphorylase cleaves the bond linking a terminal glucose residue to a glycogen branch by substitution of a phosphoryl group for the α [ 1→4 ] linkage .	Glucose-1-phosphate is converted to glucose-6-phosphate ( which often ends up in glycolysis ) by the enzyme phosphoglucomutase .
It corresponds to the Scandinavian `` Borg '' and the English `` Borough '' .	Burghs are listed below under the name of the county to which they belonged .
All existing boroughs were abolished on 1 April 1974 and borough status was reformed as a civic honour for local government districts .	At the same time a limited number of former boroughs and other settlements became successor parishes , with the right to be known as a town and preserve their charter .
Beginning in 1956 , after Nikita Khrushchev denounced Stalin and Stalinism in the speech `` On the Cult of Personality and its Consequences '' ( 25 February 1956 ) , the PRC and the USSR had progressively divergent interpretations of Marxist ideology ; by 1961 , their intractable differences of ideologic interpretation and praxis provoked the PRC 's formal denunciation of Soviet communism as the work of `` revisionist traitors '' in the USSR .	Among the Eastern bloc countries , the Sino-Soviet split was about who would lead the revolution for world communism , to whom — to China or to Russia — would the vanguard parties of the world turn for political advice , financial aid , and military assistance ?
Dedicated by the Minister of Veterans Affairs for France and Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother , the memorial 's `` Roll of Honour '' lists the names of the 91 men and 13 women members of the SOE who gave their lives for France 's freedom .	Valençay Memorial 's Roll of Honour :
The Manhattan Transfer is a jazz vocal group founded in 1969 that has explored a cappella , vocalese , swing , standards , Brazilian jazz , rhythm and blues , and pop music .	There have been two editions of the Manhattan Transfer , with Tim Hauser the only person to be part of both .
He is best known for his 1972 single `` Soul Makossa '' .	Dibango was born in Douala , Cameroon .
This was believed in the Western world into the 20th century until cognitive psychology experiments decisively proved that it was not true , and that many events were simply filled in by the mind , based on what `` should be '' .	This , among other things , explained why eyewitness accounts of events often were so widely varied .
It covered the area today known as Inner London and was replaced by the Greater London Council .	The LCC was the largest , most significant and most ambitious English municipal authority of its day .
Today it is operated by East Midlands Trains .	It is on the Midland Main Line , which runs from London St Pancras to Sheffield and Nottingham .
The House of Representatives is a democratically elected body whose members are known as members of Parliament ( MPs ) .	There are usually 120 members , though this number can be higher if there is an overhang .
Hydraulic mining , or hydraulicking , is a form of mining that uses high-pressure jets of water to dislodge rock material or move sediment .	In the placer mining of gold or tin , the resulting water-sediment slurry is directed through sluice boxes to remove the gold .
Muhammad was executed in 2009 .	Although the two men 's actions were classified by the media as psychopathy attributable to serial killer characteristics , researchers have debated whether or not their psychopathy meets this classification or that of spree killing .
She is best known for her book '' The Bloody Chamber '' , which was published in 1979 .	In 2008 , `` The Times '' ranked Carter tenth in their list of `` The 50 greatest British writers since 1945 '' .
Lawyers are often required by law to keep confidential anything pertaining to the representation of a client .	The duty of confidentiality is much broader than the attorney–client evidentiary privilege , which only covers `` communications '' between the attorney and the client .
Dub Syndicate is a dub band , formed by Adrian Sherwood , which became a showcase for Adrian Sherwood 's collaboration with Lincoln `` Style '' Scott , former drummer with the Roots Radics , Suns of Arqa and Creation Rebel .	Dub Syndicate initially evolved out of Creation Rebel and had a classic dub sound until the third album , `` Tunes From The Missing Channel '' ( 1985 ) , where Dub Syndicate gave birth to a more experimental , technological dub sound .
Hodgkin was born in Banbury , Oxfordshire , to George Hodgkin and Mary Wilson Hodgkin .	His father died of dysentery in Baghdad in 1918 .
The Manchester Airports Group plc ( MAG ) is a holding company which is owned by the ten metropolitan borough councils of Greater Manchester , in North West England , and Australian investment fund IFM Investors .	Founded in 2001 following the acquisition of East Midlands Airport , MAG is the largest UK-owned airport operator , following the purchase of BAA by Spain 's Ferrovial Group in 2006 .
Gaius Acilius ( fl .	155 BC ) was a senator and historian of ancient Rome .
He considers a number of logical arguments for the existence of God and goes into specifics about Christian theology .	He argues `` ad absurdum '' against the `` argument from design '' , and favors Darwin 's theories .
Valençay is situated in the Loire Valley on a hillside overlooking the River Nahon .	The commune was formed by the amalgamation of three settlements : the `` Bourg-de-l'Eglise '' , the `` Bas-Bourg '' and what is called the `` old quarter . ''
Computer art is any art in which computers play a role in production or display of the artwork .	Such art can be an image , sound , animation , video , CD-ROM , DVD-ROM , video game , website , algorithm , performance or gallery installation .
< br > Statistics ( 1 January 1992 ) :	< br > Population : inhabitants
( The second motto is `` Novus ordo seclorum '' ; another motto appears on the obverse ( front ) side of the Great Seal : `` E pluribus unum '' . )	Taken from the Latin words `` annuo '' ( third-person singular present or perfect `` annuit '' ) , `` to nod '' or `` to approve '' , and `` coeptum '' ( plural `` coepta '' ) , `` commencement , undertaking '' , it is literally translated , favors our undertakings '' or has favored our undertakings '' ( `` annuit '' could be in either the present or perfect tense ) .
In particular , asymptotic phenomena such as critical exponents will be the same for all models in the class .	Some well-studied universality classes are the ones containing the Ising model or the percolation theory at their respective phase transition points ; these are both families of classes , one for each lattice dimension .
FTE is often used to measure a worker 's or student 's involvement in a project , or to track cost reductions in an organization .	An FTE of 1.0 is equivalent to a full-time worker or student , while an FTE of 0.5 signals half of a full work or school load .
Lauriston is one of the names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe .	Lauriston obtained his first commission about 1786 , served with the artillery and on the general staff during the early campaigns of the Revolution , and became brigadier of artillery in 1795 .
The population was 2,475 at the 2010 census .	The City of Oshkosh is located adjacent to and partially within the town .
Subsequently , the assassination of Julius Caesar began the Republican decline that led to the Roman Empire , initiated with the reign of the Roman Emperor Augustus .	The republicans had initially been led by Pompey , until the Battle of Pharsalus in 48 BC and Pompey 's death soon afterwards .
During his imprisonment he read Ronsard , Petrarch and above all the `` Diana '' of Jorge de Montemayor and Tasso 's `` Aminta '' .	After the defeat of the League in 1594 , d'Urfé emigrated to Savoy whose duke was a relative of his mother .
Satyavati ( ) ( also spelled Satyawati or Setyawati in Indonesian ) was the queen of the Kuru king , Shantanu of Hastinapur and the great-grandmother of the Pandava and Kaurava princes ( principal characters of the Hindu epic Mahabharata ) .	She is also the mother of the seer Vyasa , author of the epic .
Amyot found his way to the University of Paris , where he supported himself by serving some of the richer students .	He was nineteen when he became M.A .
Thomas North was born in 1535 and was the second son of the Edward North , 1st Baron North .	He is supposed to have been a student of Peterhouse , Cambridge , and was entered at Lincoln 's Inn in 1557 .
The Spreewald ( German for 'Spree Forest ' ; in Lower Sorbian : `` Błota '' , i.e .	'the Swamps ' ) is a picturesque section of the German state of Brandenburg located about 100 km south-east of Berlin .
It is closely related but barely intelligible to Mapudungun speakers .	It is classified as Araucanian/Huilliche/Tsesungun .
Cieszyn ( , , ) is a border town in southern Poland on the east bank of the Olza River , and the administrative seat of Cieszyn County , Silesian Voivodeship .	The town has about 36,100 inhabitants ( ) , and lies opposite Český Těšín in the Czech Republic 's Karviná District , Moravian-Silesian Region .
The term 'Kaurava ' is used in the Mahābhārata with two meanings :	The rest of this article deals with the Kaurava in the narrower sense , that is , the children of Dhritarashtra by Gandhari .
When the group left the Motown label and reformed as `` The Jacksons '' , Jermaine stayed with Motown , due to loyalty to Motown founder Berry Gordy , whose daughter he had married , and was replaced in the group by youngest brother Randy .	He rejoined the group in 1983 , and has remained with them since , through various breakups and reunions .
In Christian cultures , the term `` lay priest '' was sometimes used in the past to refer to a secular priest , a diocesan priest who is not a member of a religious institute .	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints uses the term `` Lay Priesthood '' to emphasise that local congregational leaders are unpaid .
Brant was born in Strasbourg to an innkeeper but eventually entered the University of Basel in 1475 , initially studying philosophy and then transferring to the school of law .	From 1484 he began teaching at the university and completed his doctorate in law in 1489 .
Ridgefield was first settled by English colonists from Norwalk and Milford in 1708 , when a group of settlers purchased land from Chief Catoonah of the Ramapo tribe .	The town was incorporated under a royal charter from the Connecticut General Assembly issued in 1709 .
He was a descendant of the Bharata race , of the lunar dynasty and great-grandfather of the Pandavas and Kauravas .	He was the youngest son of King Pratipa of Hastinapura and had been born in the latter 's old age .
In 1850 he founded the `` Literarisches Centralblatt für Deutschland '' in Leipzig .	In 1852 he established himself as `` privatdozent '' at the university of Leipzig .
In 1954 , the U.S. Supreme Court landmark decision in `` Brown v. Board of Education '' declared racial segregation in public schools unconstitutional .	The process of integrating public schools met fierce resistance in the South where segregation laws took hold after the American Civil War and the Reconstruction Era of the United States .
SIOR designees can hold the following specialty designations : industrial , office , sales manager , executive manager , or advisory service .	SIOR also includes associate members , who are corporate executives , developers , educators , and other involved in the commercial real estate industry .
Freidank ( `` Vrîdanc '' ) was a Middle High German didactic poet of the early 13th century .	He is the author of `` Bescheidenheit '' ( `` practical wisdom , correct judgement , discretion '' ) , a collection of rhyming aphorisms in 53 thematic divisions , extending to some 4,700 verses .
He is primarily known for his translation of the `` Nibelungenlied '' into modern German .	He was born in Bonn , where his father was a music publisher .
The Royal Shakespeare and Swan Theatres re-opened in November 2010 after undergoing a major renovation known as the Transformation Project .	The Royal Shakespeare Theatre opened in 1932 on the site adjacent to the original Shakespeare Memorial Theatre ( opened 19 April 1879 ) , which had been destroyed by fire on 6 March 1926 , whose name it took .
Black offers White the possibility of cxd5 , when after Nxd5 White further gets the opportunity to kick the Black Knight around with e4 , leading to an imposing central pawn duo for White .	If White does not take the d5 pawn , Black may eventually play dxc4 , when a White response of e4 again leads to the same pawn structure .
George Peele ( baptised 25 July 1556 – buried 9 November 1596 ) was an English translator , poet , and dramatist , who is most noted for his supposed but not universally accepted collaboration with William Shakespeare on the play `` Titus Andronicus '' .	Many anonymous Elizabethan plays have been attributed to him , but his reputation rests mainly on `` Edward I '' , `` The Old Wives ' Tale '' , `` The Battle of Alcazar '' , `` The Arraignment of Paris '' , and `` David and Bethsabe '' .
The church was elevated to a collegiate church in 1922 and made a cathedral in 1927 following the establishment of a new Diocese of Leicester in 1926 .	The remains of Richard III were buried in the cathedral in 2015 after being discovered nearby .
Christopher John ( Chris ) Mead ( 1 May 1940 – 16 January 2003 ) was a popular British ornithologist , author and broadcaster , and an influential member of the British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) .	Mead was an avid lover of jazz , ( watching ) rugby , motor racing , local history and archaeology .
Richard Stanyhurst ( 1547–1618 ) was an Irish alchemist , translator , poet and historian , born in Dublin .	His father , James Stanyhurst , was Recorder of the city , and Speaker of the Irish House of Commons in 1557 , 1560 and 1568 .
Stephen Lisle Carter ( born October 26 , 1954 ) is an American law professor at Yale University , legal- and social-policy writer , columnist , and best-selling novelist .	Carter was born in Washington , DC , the second of his parents ' five children .
He fought in the Low Countries , rising to the rank of captain , and afterward served in Ireland .	He shared in the colonization of Ulster , and spent the latter part of his life near Dublin .
BBC Kids was a Canadian English-language discretionary service owned as a joint venture between Knowledge West Communications ( which serves as managing partner and owns a majority 80 % interest ) , an entity of the Government of British Columbia as a crown corporation under Knowledge Network , and BBC Studios ( which owns the remaining 20 % ) , the latter being a commercial division of the British Broadcasting Corporation .	It operated as a commercial-free channel that aired programming aimed at youth ranging from preschoolers to teenagers .
Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya ( or Ayutthaya , , ) is one of the central provinces ( `` changwat '' ) of Thailand .	Neighboring provinces are ( from north clockwise ) Ang Thong , Lop Buri , Saraburi , Pathum Thani , Nonthaburi , Nakhon Pathom and Suphan Buri .
While their names are similar , Angora fibre is distinct from mohair , which comes from the Angora goat .	Angora fibre is also distinct from cashmere , which comes from the cashmere goat .
The skulls were crafted in the 19th century in Germany , quite likely at workshops in the town of Idar-Oberstein , which was renowned for crafting objects made from imported Brazilian quartz in the late 19th century .	Despite some claims presented in an assortment of popularizing literature , legends of crystal skulls with mystical powers do not figure in genuine Mesoamerican or other Native American mythologies and spiritual accounts .
The Point ( `` Independent Radio , The Point '' ) is a radio network operating in the state of Vermont .	The station first signed on as a single frequency local Montpelier station ( WNCS ) in 1977 .
The Northern line station was opened in 1890 by the City and South London Railway ( C & SLR ) while the Bakerloo line station was opened sixteen years later by the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway ( BS & WR ) .	There is out-of-station interchange with the nearby Elephant & Castle National Rail station .
It was developed by the three as a computer game to teach school children about the realities of 19th-century pioneer life on the Oregon Trail .	In the game , the player assumes the role of a wagon leader guiding a party of settlers from Independence , Missouri , to Oregon City , Oregon via a covered wagon in 1847 .
In 1982 it was spoken by about 2,000 ethnic Huilliche people in Chile , but now it is only spoken by a few elderly speakers .	It is spoken in the nation 's Los Lagos and Los Ríos regions ; and mountain valleys , between the city of Valdivia and south toward Chiloé Archipelago .
The assembly also produced the Westminster Confession of Faith and the Westminster Larger Catechism .	A version without Scripture citations was completed on 25 November 1647 and presented to the Long Parliament , and Scripture citations were added on 14 April 1649 .
Harold Schechter is an American true crime writer who specializes in serial killers .	He is a professor of American literature and popular culture at Queens College , City University of New York .
Today , the ward comprises the historical village of Evington , as well as the modern ex-council estates of Rowlatts Hill and Goodwood .	The population of the ward at the 2011 census was 11,133 .
Mapuche or Mapudungun ( from ' 'land ' and ' 'speak , speech ' ) is a language isolate spoken in south-central Chile and west central Argentina by the Mapuche people ( from `` mapu '' 'land ' and `` che '' 'people ' ) .	It is also spelled Mapuzugun and Mapudungu .
Subjects feel they have changed and that the world has become vague , dreamlike , less real , lacking in significance or being outside reality while looking in .	It can be a disturbing experience .
It is near the village of Alton , in the parishes of Denstone and Farley .	The resort , which is operated by Merlin Entertainments Group , incorporates a theme park , water park , spa , mini golf and hotel complex .
The name comes from the Ancient Greek term `` gymnós '' meaning `` naked '' .	Only grown men were allowed to use the gymnasia .
In December 2000 , Nagao decided to devote all his time to composing the music and no longer appeared at live events .	Five more studio albums were released between 2001 with `` New World '' and 2005 with `` Need Your Love '' .
Vaz served as the Minister for Europe between October 1999 and June 2001 .	He was appointed a member of the Privy Council in June 2006 .
Malachite is a copper carbonate hydroxide mineral , with the formula CuCO ( OH ) .	This opaque , green banded mineral crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system , and most often forms botryoidal , fibrous , or stalagmitic masses , in fractures and spaces , deep underground , where the water table and hydrothermal fluids provide the means for chemical precipitation .
Bergisch Gladbach ( ) , is a city in the Cologne/Bonn Region of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , and capital of the Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis ( district ) .	Bergisch Gladbach is located east of the river Rhine , approx .
The main campus is south of the city centre , adjacent to Victoria Park .	In 1957 , the university 's predecessor ( University College , Leicester ) gained university status .
On August 20 , 1543 , Henry VIII had ordered `` general rogations and processions to be made '' on account of the multiple troubles England was experiencing , but public response was slack .	This was attributed in part to the fact that the people did not understand what was being said and sung .
Bruno Frank ( Stuttgart , June 13 , 1887 - Beverly Hills , June 20 , 1945 ) was a German author , poet , dramatist , and humanist .	Frank studied law and philosophy in Munich , where he later worked as a dramatist and novelist until the Reichstag fire in 1933 .
The film stars Arnold Schwarzenegger , as Moscow Militia Captain Ivan Danko , and James Belushi , as Chicago detective Art Ridzik .	Finding themselves on the same case , Danko and Ridzik work as partners to catch a cunning and deadly Soviet Georgian drug kingpin , Viktor Rostavili ( Ed O'Ross ) , who also happens to be the killer of Danko 's previous partner back in Soviet Russia .
It is administered as part of the municipality Grootegast .	It had a population of around 1,125 in January 2017 .
Batavia was the name of the capital city of the Dutch East Indies that corresponds to the present-day Central Jakarta .	Just as modern Jakarta may refer to either the city itself or to the larger area of the city , with its geographic surroundings , which taken together is one of the provinces of Indonesia , Batavia can refer to the city proper as it existed then , with its various increases over time in urbanized acreage , or can refer to the surrounding hinterland .
He has been a professor at Columbia University since 1996 and chairman of the World Science Festival since co-founding it in 2008 .	Greene has worked on mirror symmetry , relating two different Calabi–Yau manifolds ( concretely , relating the conifold to one of its orbifolds ) .
`` ownership '' ) , but will also need `` planning title '' or planning permission .	Planning title was granted for all pre-existing uses and buildings by the Town and Country Planning Act 1947 , which came into effect on 1 July 1948 .
By 2017 , the world maternal mortality rate had declined 44 % since 1990 , but still every day 830 women die from pregnancy or childbirth related causes .	According to the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) 2017 report , this is equivalent to `` about one woman every two minutes and for every woman who dies , 20 or 30 encounter complications with serious or long-lasting consequences .
As a theoretical concept , it has been included in a wide range of fiction books and films but has not been implemented as a medical procedure for either short or extended time .	Suspended animation has been understood as the slowing or stopping of life processes by exogenous or endogenous means without terminating life itself .
A forward , he won the FIFA World Cup in 1990 as a player .	He also scored an equalizing goal to make it 2–2 in the 81st minute of the 1986 FIFA World Cup Final vs Argentina , but it ended up with a 3-2 victory for Argentina .
Established in 1984 , the Vancouver-based company was originally created by Nettwerk principals Terry McBride , Mark Jowett , Ric Arboit and Dan Fraser , as a record label to distribute recordings by the band Moev , but the label quickly expanded in Canada and internationally , ultimately becoming one of the largest and most influential independent record labels in the world .	Initially specializing in electronic music genres such as alternative dance and industrial , the label also became a powerful player in pop and rock in the late 1980s and 1990s , with label and management clients including Coldplay , Sarah McLachlan , Dido , and Barenaked Ladies .
Both crashes would have been prevented by an operational automatic train protection ( ATP ) system , wider fitting of which had been rejected on cost grounds .	This severely damaged public confidence in the management and regulation of safety of Britain 's privatised railway system .
The organization is based in Washington , D.C. , with additional offices in New York City and Oakland .	Ted Halstead served as New America 's founding President and CEO from 1999 to 2007 .
Because of this keyboard , it was given the status of a `` computer '' rather than `` calculator '' by American testing facilities and can not be used on tests such as the SAT or AP Exams while the similar TI-89 can be .	The TI-92 was originally released in 1995 , and was the first symbolic calculator made by Texas Instruments .
The firm manages equities , fixed income , private equity and hedge fund portfolios for global institutional investors , advisors and high-net-worth individuals .	In 2016 it was rated the # 1 Best Place to Work in asset management amongst firms with greater than 1,000 employees .
Born in Massachusetts , Wade worked as a laborer on the Erie Canal before establishing a law practice in Jefferson , Ohio .	As a member of the Whig Party , Wade served in the Ohio Senate between 1837 and 1842 .
Vejle became the seat of the latter region .	The Jelling stones are archaeological treasures erected by Harald Bluetooth to honour his parents .
A child prodigy , Frescobaldi studied under Luzzasco Luzzaschi in Ferrara , but was influenced by a large number of composers , including Ascanio Mayone , Giovanni Maria Trabaci , and Claudio Merulo .	Girolamo Frescobaldi was appointed organist of St. Peter 's Basilica , a focal point of power for the Capella Giulia ( a musical organisation ) from 21 July 1608 until 1628 and again from 1634 until his death .
Whereas conventional warfare is used to reduce the opponent 's military capability directly through attacks and maneuvers , unconventional warfare is an attempt to achieve victory indirectly through a proxy force .	UW contrasts with conventional warfare in that forces are often covert or not well-defined and it relies heavily on subversion and guerrilla warfare .
Philotheos Bryennios ( ; 7 April 1833 – November 18 , 1917 ) was a Greek Orthodox metropolitan of Nicomedia , and the discoverer in 1873 of an important manuscript with copies of early Church documents .	Born in Constantinople , he was educated at the theological school in Khalki , Greece , and at the universities of Leipzig , Munich , and Berlin .
They are sent to the peninsula of Gallipoli in the Ottoman Empire ( in modern-day Turkey ) , where they take part in the Gallipoli Campaign .	During the course of the movie , the young men slowly lose their innocence about the purpose of war .
DBLP listed more than 3.66 million journal articles , conference papers , and other publications on computer science in July 2016 , up from about 14,000 in 1995 .	All important journals on computer science are tracked .
The bilevel car ( American English ) or double-decker train ( British English and Canadian English ) is a type of rail car that has two levels of passenger accommodation , as opposed to one , increasing passenger capacity ( in example cases of up to 57 % per car ) .	In some countries such vehicles are commonly referred to as dostos , derived from the German Doppelstockwagen .
Lengede is a municipality in the district of Peine , in Lower Saxony , Germany , some 18 kilometers southwest of Braunschweig and 40 kilometers southeast of Hanover .	It became known to the world in 1963 because of a mining disaster and the subsequent rescue operation of eleven surviving miners , which became known as the `` Wunder von Lengede '' ( `` Miracle of Lengede '' ) .
The works of Basil indicate that she studied under Gregory Thaumaturgus , and that it was his teachings handed down through Macrina to Basil and Gregory , that were particularly formative for the two Cappadocian brothers .	Her home was at Neocaesarea in Pontus and according to Gregory Nazianzen , during the persecution of Christians under Galerius and Diocletian , Macrina fled with her husband to the shores of the Black Sea Once the persecution had passed , Macrina and her family returned to Neocaesarea .
Its failure , and the humiliating public debacle that ensued , damaged U.S. prestige worldwide .	Carter himself blamed his loss in the 1980 U.S. presidential election mainly on his failure to win the release of the hostages .
The original Angels Flight location , with tracks connecting Hill Street and Olive Street , operated from 1901 until it was closed in 1969 , when its site was cleared for redevelopment .	The second Angels Flight location opened one half block south of the original location in 1996 , with tracks connecting Hill Street and California Plaza .
Sirius Satellite Radio was a satellite radio ( SDARS ) and online radio service operating in North America , owned by Sirius XM Holdings .	Headquartered in New York City , with smaller studios in Los Angeles and Memphis , Sirius was officially launched on July 1 , 2002 .
is a 1991 comedy film directed by Peter Richardson and released by Palace Pictures with the backing of Channel 4 Films .	The script was written by Richardson with Pete Richens , derived from elements of an earlier screenplay for a three-part mini-series satirising the Catholic Church , which was rejected by Channel 4 .
In the late 1980s , trip hop emerged from Bristol , which combined elements of hip hop beats , drum and bass breaks , and ambient atmospheres at a lower tempo .	At the end of the 1990s a more melodic instrumental electronica incorporating acoustic sounds with electronic styles emerged under its own umbrella name of downtempo .
Encouraged by Tex Rickard , he inaugurated in 1922 `` The Ring '' magazine .	In 1929 Fleischer acquired sole ownership of the magazine , which he led as editor-in-chief for fifty years , until his death in 1972 .
A product detector is a frequency mixer .	Product detectors can be designed to accept either IF or RF frequency inputs .
The Phoenix Suns picked Walk second overall in the 1969 NBA draft , having lost the coin toss with the Milwaukee Bucks for Lew Alcindor .	Walk played professionally for the Suns , the New Orleans Jazz and the New York Knicks of the NBA .
The Australian Aboriginal languages consist of around 290–363 languages belonging to an estimated twenty-eight language families and isolates , spoken by Aboriginal Australians of mainland Australia and a few nearby islands .	The relationships between these languages are not clear at present .
He was born into an old Transylvanian noble family in Budapest on 19 October 1942 .	An ancestor of the family , Miklós Medgyessy de Medgyes worked as a penman for Prince Gabriel Bethlen in the 17th century .
Population :	It was founded shortly after the discovery of petroleum in the area in 1880 , initially under the name `` Okhe '' .
Admiral William Standley State Recreation Area is a state recreation area of California , USA , featuring of redwoods on the Eel River .	It is located west of Laytonville , California , in Mendocino County .
Łódź Voivodeship ( also known as Łódź Province , or by its Polish name , `` województwo łódzkie '' ) is a province ( voivodeship ) in central Poland .	It was created on 1 January 1999 out of the former Łódź Voivodeship ( 1975–1999 ) and the Sieradz , Piotrków Trybunalski and Skierniewice Voivodeships and part of Płock Voivodeship , pursuant to the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998 .
The community is served by the Pinckney post office with ZIP Code 48169 .	Hell grew up around a sawmill , gristmill , distillery and tavern .
`` leader of the captives '' ) was the leader of the Diaspora Jewish community in Babylon following the deportation of King Jeconiah and his court into Babylonian exile after the first fall of Jerusalem in 597 BCE and augmented after the further deportations following the destruction of the kingdom of Judah in 587 BCE .	The people in exile were called `` golah '' ( , ) or `` galut '' ( ) .
The line is named after Henry McMahon , foreign secretary of British India and the chief negotiator of the convention at Simla .	It was signed by McMahon and Lonchen Satra on behalf of the Tibetan Government .
The VEGAS algorithm is based on importance sampling .	It samples points from the probability distribution described by the function formula_1 so that the points are concentrated in the regions that make the largest contribution to the integral .
Many people know him best for his art based on Terry Pratchett 's `` Discworld '' .	He has been included on the sleeve covers since Pratchett 's original illustrator , Josh Kirby , died in 2001 .
While BCCC primarily serves the residents and business community of Baltimore , it also offers educational opportunities on all levels to the citizens of Baltimore and the State of Maryland that enables students to obtain good jobs , transfer to four-year colleges , or take short-term training to upgrade their skills or acquire new ones .	BCCC also offers continuing education programs such as General Educational Development ( GED ) to students seeking a High School Diploma .
The name of the range is spelled out as Saint Francois Mountains in official GNIS sources , but it is sometimes misspelled in use as St. Francis Mountains to match the anglicized pronunciation of both the range and St. Francois County .	The name of the range derives from the St. Francis River , which originates in the St. Francois Mountains .
The voivodeship was created on 1 January 1999 out of the former Rzeszów , Przemyśl , Krosno and ( partially ) Tarnów and Tarnobrzeg Voivodeships , pursuant to the Polish local-government reforms adopted in 1998 .	The name derives from the region 's location near the Carpathian Mountains , and the voivodeship comprises areas of two historic regions of Eastern Europe — Lesser Poland ( western and northwestern counties ) and Red Ruthenia .
Six Flags America is a theme park located in Woodmore CDP , Prince George 's County , Maryland , near Upper Marlboro , and in the Washington , DC metropolitan area .	Founded as a wildlife center in 1973 by Ross Perot , ABC television operated the park as a drive-through safari called The Largo Wildlife Preserve beginning in 1974 until its closure in 1978 .
In that , it is a descendant in function , and partly in form , of the cylinder desk of the 18th century .	It is a relative of the tambour desk whose slats retract horizontally rather than vertically .
There are several stores that sell merchandise specific to Baltimore or the state of Maryland , such as blue crab food products , Baltimore Orioles and Baltimore Ravens merchandise , Edgar Allan Poe products , and University of Maryland Terrapins clothing .	National retailers and restaurants include Bubba Gump Shrimp Company , The Cheesecake Factory , Johnny Rockets , Five Guys , Swatch , Fire & Ice , Urban Outfitters , and Uno Pizzeria & Grill .
The character was created by Constance M. Burge , who based Piper on her second-oldest sister .	Piper is introduced into the series as the middle sister to Prue ( Shannen Doherty ) and Phoebe Halliwell ( Alyssa Milano ) .
Phoebe Halliwell is a fictional character from the American television series `` Charmed '' , played by Alyssa Milano from October 7 , 1998 until May 21 , 2006 .	The character was originally played by Lori Rom in the unaired pilot episode .
However , more recent classifications such as that of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group locate it in the Malpighiales .	Though the best-known genus , `` Viola '' , is herbaceous , most species are shrubs or small trees .
Like her sisters , Paige is a witch , and more specifically , a Charmed One—one of the most powerful witches of all time .	Paige is introduced as the secret love child of the Halliwell sisters ' mother Patty ( Finola Hughes ) and her whitelighter ( guardian angel ) Sam Wilder ( Scott Jaeck ) , making Paige both a witch and whitelighter .
She is one of the first original featured leads and , more specifically , a Charmed Oneone of the most powerful witches of all time .	Prue initially possesses the power to move objects with her mind by chanelling telekinesis through her eyes .
The dominant feature of the park is Lassen Peak , the largest plug dome volcano in the world and the southernmost volcano in the Cascade Range .	Lassen Volcanic National Park started as two separate national monuments designated by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1907 : Cinder Cone National Monument and Lassen Peak National Monument .
The park is located in the southernmost part of the Cascade Mountain Range in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States .	Pacific Oceanic tectonic plates have plunged below the North American Plate in this part of North America for hundreds of millions of years .
He is involved in the University of Alberta GAMES group developing computer poker systems .	Schaeffer is also a member of the research group that created Polaris , a program designed to play the Texas Hold'em variant of poker .
It supports many flora and fauna among its diverse habitats , which are subject to frequent snowfall and reach high elevations .	A lava dome , Lassen Peak has a volume of making it the largest lava dome on Earth .
`` Bumpass Hell '' is the most spectacular of these , but others of importance are `` Sulphur Works '' , `` Little Hot Springs Valley '' , `` Boiling Springs Lake '' and `` Devil 's Kitchen '' .	In each thermal area , the highest temperature of water generally is close to the boiling temperature at the altitude of the particular spring or fumarole — at Bumpass Hell and on the northwest flanks of Lassen Peak. < ref name= '' NPS-Lassen-Volcanoes/Lava Flows '' > NPS : Lassen Volcanic National Park , Nature & science , Volcanoes / Lava Flows < /ref > Temperatures as high as have been recorded in the park .
The cluster of domes is located north of Lassen Peak and form part of the southernmost segment of the Cascade Range in Northern California .	Each year , a lake forms at the base of the Crags , and typically dries by the end of the summer season .
During his professional career , he played as a goalkeeper for Antalyaspor , Fenerbahçe , Barcelona and Beşiktaş .	Rüştü had got a key role in the success of the Turkish national squad , and it was at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , where Turkey finished third , that his performances saw him selected for the tournament 's all-star team .
Then , like many cinder cones , it was snuffed out when several basalt lava flows erupted from its base .	These flows , called the Fantastic Lava Beds , spread northeast and southwest , and dammed creeks , first creating Snag Lake on the south and then Butte Lake to the north .
The ATF also regulates via licensing the sale , possession , and transportation of firearms , ammunition , and explosives in interstate commerce .	Many of the ATF 's activities are carried out in conjunction with task forces made up of state and local law enforcement officers , such as Project Safe Neighborhoods .
Gift is a 1993 experimental docudrama made by Perry Farrell and Perry 's then-girlfriend , Casey Niccoli .	The film prominently features Farrell 's band Jane 's Addiction .
The term gel permeation chromatography can be traced back to J.C. Moore of the Dow Chemical Company who investigated the technique in 1964 and the proprietary column technology was licensed to Waters Corporation , who subsequently commercialized this technology in 1964 .	GPC systems and consumables are now also available from a number of manufacturers .
The Institute grants degrees in 14 disciplines in engineering , the sciences , and the liberal arts .	While VMI has been called `` The West Point of The South '' , it differs from the federal military service academies in several respects .
In 1135 , a major Welsh revolt took place and in response King Stephen brought together White Castle and its sister fortifications of Grosmont and Skenfrith to form a lordship known as the `` Three Castles '' , which continued to play a role in defending the region from Welsh attack for several centuries .	King John gave the castle to a powerful royal official , Hubert de Burgh , in 1201 .
He died in Theresienstadt concentration camp .	He was born at Oppeln , Silesia ( now Opole , Poland ) , into a Jewish merchant family , went to Leipzig University and then in 1887 to Berlin University , where he wrote his thesis `` De Gente Valeria '' under the supervision of Otto Hirschfeld .
The current members of Die Toten Hosen are Campino ( Andreas Frege ) , Kuddel ( Andreas von Holst ) , Vom ( Stephen Ritchie ) , Andi ( Andreas Meurer ) and Breiti ( Michael Breitkopf ) .	All members except one are German , though Campino 's mother , Jenny , was English .
The characters premiered in `` The Uncanny X-Men '' # 120 ( April 1979 ) .	Marvel published an `` Alpha Flight '' comic book series from 1983 to 1994 .
Lu 卢 and Lu 陆 are the most common : both are among the 100 most common surnames in China .	Languages using the Latin alphabet do not distinguish among the different Chinese surnames , rendering them all as Lu .
She married Lieutenant General Sir William Butler , becoming Lady Butler .	Born at Villa Claremont in Lausanne , Switzerland , she specialized in painting scenes from British military campaigns and battles , including the Crimean War and the Battle of Waterloo .
It is therefore not influenced by the gravitational time dilation caused by the Sun and the rest of the system .	TCB was defined in 1991 by the International Astronomical Union , in Recommendation III of the XXIst General Assembly .
With ancestry in Yancheng , Jiangsu , Republic of China , Wang was born in Jiangxi to Wáng Zhāng ( 王章 ) and Yú Jiéhóng ( 俞洁虹/俞潔虹 ) .	He moved to Taiwan in 1952 with his family .
Freesia is a genus of herbaceous perennial flowering plants in the family Iridaceae , first described as a genus in 1866 by Chr .	Fr .
In 2014 , it was listed No.1 among the world 's most-visited tourist attractions with 91,250,000 annual visitors .	The Grand Bazar at Istanbul is often regarded as one of the first shopping malls of the world .
There are 66 accepted genera with a total of c. 2244 species worldwide ( Christenhusz & Byng 2016 ) .	It includes a number of other well known cultivated plants , such as freesias , gladioli and crocuses .
Unlike many typical warblers , the sexes are almost identical .	This is a small species with a grey back , whitish underparts , a grey head with a darker `` bandit mask '' through the eyes and a white throat .
It is therefore not influenced by the gravitational time dilation caused by the Earth .	TCG was defined in 1991 by the International Astronomical Union , in Recommendation III of the XXIst General Assembly .
It is not known whether the flat colours used in the standard Rider-Waite were Smith 's idea or her publisher 's , especially since the Original Rider-Waite Tarot , a facsimile edition of the deck as it first appeared in 1907 , shows slightly deeper , richer colours .	By popular demand , illustrator Mary Hanson-Roberts , creator of the Hanson-Roberts Tarot , was commissioned to produce a more subtly and attractively coloured rendition of the Rider-Waite-Smith deck .
It has light speckles on the throat and a red eye-ring .	The sexes are similar but the adult female is usually less grey above and paler below .
Venusian mountains are all named after goddesses in the mythologies of various cultures , except for the Maxwell Montes .	The four main mountain ranges of Venus are named Akna Montes , Danu Montes , Freyja Montes , and Maxwell Montes .
Prior to IMSA , Castroneves competed in the IndyCar Series , gaining 23 wins and 38 poles , and placed second in the season standings four times , third three times , and fourth five times .	Castroneves also competed in the CART championship , with a highest championship points finish of fourth ; he recorded six wins and seven pole positions in the series .
The Duke of Bedford was educated at Western Province Preparatory School and then the Diocesan College in South Africa .	His father , the future 13th Duke of Bedford , had gone to South Africa in 1948 to farm in the Paarl area .
It succeeded System 6 , and was the main Macintosh operating system until it was succeeded by Mac OS 8 in 1997 .	Features added with the System 7 release included virtual memory , personal file sharing , QuickTime , QuickDraw 3D , and an improved user interface .
He is the son of Henry Robin Ian Russell , 14th Duke of Bedford , and his wife , Henrietta Joan Tiarks .	Russell was educated at Hall School , Hampstead and Heatherdown School , near Ascot in Berkshire , followed by Harrow School and Harvard , where he received his BA degree .
More than 150 species have been described , in 17 genera .	Softnose skates and pygmy skates were previously treated as subfamilies of Rajidae ( Arhynchobatinae and Gurgesiellinae ) , but are now considered distinct families .
It groups with the Marmora 's warbler , Tristram 's warbler and the Dartford warbler ( Helbig 2001 , Jønsson & Fjeldså 2006 ) .	These are small , long tailed , large-headed birds , overall very similar to their close relatives in the Dartford warbler group .
Introduced in 1984 , as part of the operating system for the Apple Macintosh computer , a Desk Accessory ( DA ) was a piece of software written as a device driver , conforming to a particular programming model .	The purpose of this model was to permit very small helper-type applications to be run concurrently with any other application on the system .
The Luna moth ( `` Actias luna '' ) is a Nearctic moth in the family Saturniidae , subfamily Saturniinae , a group commonly known as giant silk moths .	It has lime-green colored wings and a white body .
Though his known career as a pirate captain lasted little more than a year , he and his crew captured at least 53 ships , making him the wealthiest pirate in recorded history before his death at age 28 .	Called `` Black Sam '' in Cape Cod folklore because he eschewed the fashionable powdered wig in favor of tying back his long black hair with a simple band , Bellamy became known for his mercy and generosity toward those he captured on his raids .
He led the first recorded European expedition to Cape Cod .	He is considered by Preservation Virginia ( formerly known as the Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities ) to be the `` prime mover of the colonization of Virginia '' .
Australian , British , Indian , and New Zealand forces under SCAP were organized into a sub-command known as British Commonwealth Occupation Force .	These actions led MacArthur to be viewed as the new Imperial force in Japan by many Japanese political and civilian figures , even being considered to be the rebirth of the `` shōgun '' -style government which Japan was ruled under until the start of the Meiji Restoration .
Its seat is in `` Nikkilä ( Nickby ) '' .	It is the eastern neighbour of Helsinki and is located in the Uusimaa region .
Guillermo José Torres ( born 1944 in Ponce , Puerto Rico ) is a retired Puerto Rican television reporter and news anchorman .	Served in with the U.S. Army in the Vietnam War and later in the Air National Guard .
The cold Labrador Current mixes with the warm waters of the Gulf Stream here .	The mixing of these waters and the shape of the ocean bottom lifts nutrients to the surface .
The hill itself is of great importance in the history of Middle-earth , as chronicled in `` The Lord of the Rings '' , since it was a major fortress of the kingdom of Arthedain , home to one of the seven `` palantíri '' , and the site of several battles .	Weathertop overlooked the Great East Road east of Bree , about midway between the Shire and Rivendell .
Hickam Housing is a census-designated place comprising part of Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam in the City & County of Honolulu , Hawaii , United States .	The population was 6,920 at the 2010 census .
It is set in the period after King Arthur 's death and his kingdom has split into three parts which are in a constant state of war with each other .	`` DAoC '' includes both Player versus Environment ( PvE ) and Realm versus Realm ( RvR ) combat .
The SN76489 Digital Complex Sound Generator ( DCSG ) is a TTL-compatible programmable sound generator chip from Texas Instruments .	It contains :
Federal elections were held in Switzerland on 19 October 2003 .	Although in Switzerland 's political system , in which all four major parties form a coalition , it is very difficult to achieve a change of government , this election produced an upset with the strong showing of the right-wing , anti-European Union and anti-immigration Swiss People 's Party .
It played a major role in the formation of the Scottish Socialist Alliance and the Scottish Socialist Party , and was the original publisher of the `` Scottish Socialist Voice '' .	It was formed when Militant ( also known as the Militant tendency ) split after abandoning entryist tactics in the Labour Party .
Adults are among the largest sparrows , heavily spotted and streaked underneath .	All feature a messy central breast spot though it is less noticeable on the thick billed and slate-colored varieties .
The creators of the index took an approach similar to Adam Smith 's in `` The Wealth of Nations '' , that `` basic institutions that protect the liberty of individuals to pursue their own economic interests result in greater prosperity for the larger society '' .	`` Key : ██ Free ( 80–100 ) ''
Lucius was a son of Marcus Antonius Creticus , son of the rhetorician Marcus Antonius Orator executed by Gaius Marius ' supporters in 86 BC , and Julia Antonia , a cousin of Julius Caesar .	Together with his older brothers Mark Antony and Gaius Antonius , he spent his early years roaming through Rome in bad company .
He was the last focus of opposition to the Second Triumvirate .	His father was Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus ( Pompey the Great ) .
One approach to economic freedom comes from classical liberal and libertarian traditions emphasizing free markets , free trade , and private property under free enterprise .	Another approach to economic freedom extends the welfare economics study of individual choice , with greater economic freedom coming from a `` larger '' ( in some technical sense ) set of possible choices .
The village is within the parish of Kilmory .	It is located in the Shiskine valley in the south-west of the island .
The village is set on the shore of Loch Ranza , a small sea loch .	Ferries run from here to Claonaig on the mainland .
He was raised in a musical environment ; his mother was a member of a local gospel choir and his father was an Afro-Caribbean jazz arranger and piano player .	His family owned a shortwave radio which received music broadcasts from around the world , exposing him at an early age to world music .
Whiting Bay ( ) is a village located on the Isle of Arran in the Firth of Clyde , Scotland .	The name Whiting Bay is thought to originate from `` Viking '' Bay .
The design is a horizontal bicolour of red above white , overlaid in the canton ( upper-left quadrant ) by a white crescent moon facing a pentagon of five small white five-pointed stars , loosely resembling the Southern Cross , also known as Crux .	The elements of the flag denote a young nation on the ascendant , universal brotherhood and equality , and national ideals .
The island is around long and around wide .	Its highest point is the hill Mullach Mòr .
Bryan Robson OBE ( born 11 January 1957 ) is an English football manager and a former player .	He began his career with West Bromwich Albion in 1972 before moving to Manchester United in 1981 where he became the longest serving captain in the club 's history .
The border county of Northumberland lies further north .	The borough was formed on 1 April 1974 by the merger of the County Borough of South Shields along with the municipal borough of Jarrow and the urban districts of Boldon and Hebburn from County Durham .
It opened at Daly 's Theatre in London , managed by George Edwardes , on 5 March 1904 and ran until 11 March 1905 for a total of 365 performances .	The musical had a short Broadway run , opening at the original Daly 's Theatre in New York on 24 October 1904 and running for 33 performances .
Oskari Tokoi was born as Antti Oskari Hirvi in Yliviirre parish , Kannus in the Central Ostrobothnia region of Finland on May 15 , 1873 .	The family adopted the surname `` Tokoi , '' the name of a farm purchased by his paternal grandfather , in accordance with common local practice in this period .
It was launched on 2 March 2002 , with a schedule running from 7:00pm to 3:35am .	The channel shows `` a wide variety of programmes including comedy , documentaries , music , international film , original programmes , drama and current affairs ... an alternative to programmes on the mainstream TV channels '' .
Bird 's Custard is the brand name for the original powdered , egg-free imitation custard powder , now owned by Premier Foods .	Custard powder and instant custard powder are the generic product names for similar and competing products .
The South Downs National Park forms a much larger area than the chalk range of the South Downs and includes large parts of the Weald .	The South Downs are characterised by rolling chalk downland with close-cropped turf and dry valleys , and are recognised as one of the most important chalk landscapes in England .
Alfred `` Tubby '' Hall ( October 12 , 1895 – May 13 , 1945 ) was a jazz drummer .	Hall was born in Sellers , Louisiana ; his family moved to New Orleans in his childhood .
According to the local legend , the emperor did not die , but instead went to sleep in this castle .	From 1579 on the region belonged to Saxony , and after 1815 it was divided between the Prussian Province of Saxony and Schwarzburg-Sondershausen .
His early life is somewhat mysterious , with dates of his birth given in various sources ranging from 1887 to 1897 .	He was said to have been born in White Castle , Louisiana .
Capture of Eniwetok would provide an airfield and harbor to support attacks on the Mariana Islands to the northwest .	The operation was officially known as `` Operation Catchpole '' , and was a three-phase operation involving the invasion of the three main islands in the Eniwetok Atoll .
Timbro is a free market think tank and book publisher based in Stockholm , Sweden , that works to promote ideas , influence legislation and public opinion .	Its research and analyses are centered on the core values of individual liberty , economic freedom , an open society , and minimizing governmental intervention in the economy .
The current organisation is the result of a merger between the Swedish Employers Association ( , abbreviated SAF ) and the Swedish National Federation of Industry ( ) that was completed in March 2001 .	Like its predecessors , the organisation is actively lobbying for pro-business interests .
In 2013 , Besser , Roberts and Walsh wrote `` The Upright Citizens Brigade Comedy Improvisation Manual '' .	The Upright Citizens Brigade began performing improv and sketch comedy at Kill the Poet in Chicago .
The design was based on the proportions of the Temple of Castor and Pollux in the Roman Forum .	`` Perfect and aloof '' on a tall , rusticated podium , it marked an entirely new concept in English architecture .
Payne is the younger sister of singer Freda Payne .	Payne continues to perform , both as a solo act and as a part of the `` Former Ladies of the Supremes '' ( FLOS ) .
December 31 , 2013 ( in SEK m . )	In 1916 , new legislation made it more difficult for banks to own stocks in industrial companies on a long-term basis .
Phyllis Ada Driver ( July 17 , 1917 – August 20 , 2012 ) , better known as Phyllis Diller , was an American actress and stand-up comedian , best known for her eccentric stage persona , her self-deprecating humor , her wild hair and clothes , and her exaggerated , cackling laugh .	Diller was a groundbreaking stand-up comic—one of the first female comics to become a household name in the U.S. She paved the way for Joan Rivers , Roseanne Barr , and Ellen DeGeneres , among others , who credit her influence .
The Baltimore Development Corporation ( BDC ) is a nonprofit corporation and public-private agency contracted by the City of Baltimore to promote economic development .	The BDC is the result of mergers between the former Baltimore Industrial Development Corporation ( BIDC ) , the Baltimore Economic Development Commission ( BEDC ) ; merged with in 1974-76 to form the new Baltimore Economic Development Corporation ( new BEDCO ) , later the Howard Street Market Place ; Charles Center–Inner Harbor Management ( CC-IHM ) ( descendents of the famous re-development public-private agencies from the 1950s and 60 's which transformed the old downtown and waterfront districts of the City , under the D'Alesandro , [ Jr. ] -Goodman-Grady-McKeldin-D'Alesandro , [ III ] city mayoralties ) and the Market Center Development Corporation ( which had merged with CC-IHM in 1989 to become Center City-Inner Harbor Development , Inc. ) The BDC was eventually formed out of these agencies , commissions , corporations and groups in 1991 .
Noongar country is now understood as referring to the land occupied by 14 different groups : and .	The members of the collective Noongar cultural block descend from peoples who spoke several languages and dialects that were often mutually intelligible .
They released two studio albums and four singles , the first two of which reached number one in the UK singles chart .	Klass independently released two solo classical crossover albums in 2003 and 2007 .
Initially proposed in 2003 , actual construction of the city-owned venture took place between 2006 and 2008 as part of the Baltimore Convention Center .	A month before the hotel 's scheduled opening in August 2008 , Baltimore Mayor Sheila Dixon said that an 18 % increase in room night bookings through 2017 , as of the fiscal year ending June 30 , 2008 , compared to the previous year 's , confirmed the city 's decision to move forward with the hotel development project as a means of bolstering Baltimore 's convention business .
The lake was formerly known as the or the .	Later the pronunciation `` Awaumi '' changed to the modern `` Ōmi '' as in the name of Ōmi Province .
In the area of modern algebra known as group theory , the Conway groups are the three sporadic simple groups Co , Co and Co along with the related finite group Co introduced by .	The largest of the Conway groups , Co , is the group of automorphisms of the Leech lattice Λ with respect to addition and inner product .
The Kwun Tong line is one of 11 lines of the MTR network in Hong Kong .	It starts at Whampoa in Hung Hom and ends at Tiu Keng Leng in Tseung Kwan O , Sai Kung .
When Imperial was founded in 1947 , it concentrated on rhythm and blues ( R & B ) and country music : Fats Domino , Frankie Ford , Ricky Nelson , and Slim Whitman .	In the UK Imperial was distributed by London Records .
An administrative county was an administrative division in England and Wales and Ireland from 1888 to 1974 , used for the purposes of local government .	They are now abolished , although in Northern Ireland their former areas are used as the basis for lieutenancy .
It is attached either at the very top of the mast , or in fractional rigs between about 1/8 and 1/4 from the top of the mast .	The other end of the forestay is attached to the bow of the boat .
The cells are usually brownish or greenish in color and are characteristic of having a slit-like furrow at the anterior .	They are not known to produce any toxins .
Backstays are generally adjusted by block and tackle , hydraulic adjusters , or lines leading to winches .	Backstays may be `` permanent '' or `` running '' .
There is frequently more than one shroud on each side of the boat .	Usually a shroud will connect at the top of the mast , and additional shrouds might connect partway down the mast , depending on the design of the boat .
Standing rigging comprises the fixed lines , wires , or rods , which support each mast or bowsprit on a sailing vessel and reinforce those spars against wind loads transferred from the sails .	This term is used in contrast to running rigging , which represents the moveable elements of rigging which adjust the position and shape of the sails .
John Lomax was born in Goodman in Holmes County in central Mississippi , to James Avery Lomax and the former Susan Frances Cooper .	In December 1869 , the Lomax family traveled by ox cart from Mississippi to Texas .
`` Atypus affinis '' , `` A. muralis '' and `` A. piceus '' are the only species of this family found in , as well as the only mygalomorph spiders of northwestern Europe .	`` Atypus '' builds a silken tube parallel to the surface of the ground .
They are thought to be vestiges of primitive red and green algal nuclei that were engulfed by a larger eukaryote .	Because the nucleomorph lies between two sets of membranes , nucleomorphs support the endosymbiotic theory and are evidence that the plastids containing them are complex plastids .
A `` samizdat '' version circulated that included parts cut out by official censors , and these were incorporated in a 1969 version published in Frankfurt .	The novel has since been published in several languages and editions .
It is the departmental seat of Retalhuleu Department as well as the municipal seat of Retalhuleu Municipality .	Retalhuleu stands at about 240 metres above sea level .
As of May 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 62,879 and a population density of 2,591 persons per km² .	The total area was .
It is possible that Tsushima was recognized as a province of the Yamato Court in the 5th century .	Under the Ritsuryō system , Tsushima formally became a province .
Freedom of assembly , sometimes used interchangeably with the freedom of association , is the individual right or ability of people to come together and collectively express , promote , pursue , and defend their collective or shared ideas .	The right to freedom of association is recognized as a human right , a political right and a civil liberty .
Although some of the theorems for ultrametric spaces may seem strange at a first glance , they appear naturally in many applications .	Formally , an ultrametric space is a set of points formula_2 with an associated distance function ( also called a metric )
Vocalion ( pronounced `` vo-CAL-yun '' ) was founded in 1916 by the Aeolian Piano Company of New York City , which introduced a retail line of phonographs at the same time .	The name was derived from one of their corporate divisions , the Vocalion Organ Company .
The International Brotherhood of Teamsters ( IBT ) is a labor union in the United States and Canada .	Formed in 1903 by the merger of The Team Drivers International Union and The Teamsters National Union , the union now represents a diverse membership of blue-collar and professional workers in both the public and private sectors .
The storm developed from a tropical wave in the northern Gulf of Mexico on June 4 , 2001 , and struck the upper Texas coast shortly thereafter .	It drifted northward through the state , turned back to the south , and re-entered the Gulf of Mexico .
Emerging management practices include managing forestlands for biodiversity , carbon sequestration and air quality .	Many people confuse the role of the forester with that of the logger , but most foresters are concerned not only with the harvest of timber , but also with the sustainable management of forests to ( in the words of Gifford Pinchot ) `` provide the greatest good for the greatest number in the long term '' .
On November 8 , 2018 Salem announced his show was being replaced .	Medved responded that he was continuing his show after January on a new network .
OTs often work with people with mental health problems , disabilities , injuries , or impairments .	The American Occupational Therapy Association defines an occupational therapist as someone who `` helps people across the lifespan participate in the things they want and need to do through the therapeutic use of everyday activities ( occupations ) .
Hampton retired from the legislature at the 2011 Ontario provincial election and subsequently joined Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP as a member of the law firm 's corporate social responsibility and aboriginal affairs groups .	His wife , Shelley Martel , was also an MPP until 2007 , representing Nickel Belt .
In June or July , it is springtime in these meadows , but snow can come at any time , especially after 1 September .	Before Yosemite became a park , Basque sheepherders would graze their flocks here , and in other areas of the Sierra Nevada .
`` See also : '' List of television stations in Canada by call sign < br > '' See also : '' List of Canadian over-the-air television networks	According to the FCC , as of March 31 , 2011 , there are 1022 UHF commercial television stations , 360 VHF commercial television stations , 285 UHF educational television stations and 107 VHF educational television stations , plus 439 Class A UHF television stations , 76 Class A VHF television stations , 3043 UHF television translators , 1411 VHF television translators , 1656 UHF low-power television stations and 516 VHF low-power television stations .
Its stated mission is to `` provide innovative and practical recommendations that advance three broad goals : strengthen American democracy ; foster the economic and social welfare , security and opportunity of all Americans ; and secure a more open , safe , prosperous , and cooperative international system . ''	Brookings has five research programs at its Washington , D.C. campus ( Economic Studies , Foreign Policy , Governance Studies , Global Economy and Development , and Metropolitan Policy ) and three international centers based in Doha , Qatar ( Brookings Doha Center ) ; Beijing , China ( Brookings-Tsinghua Center for Public Policy ) ; and New Delhi , India ( Brookings India ) .
In the late 19th century , paddle propulsion was largely superseded by the screw propeller and other marine propulsion systems that have a higher efficiency , especially in rough or open water .	Paddle wheels continue to be used by small pedal-powered paddle boats and by some ships that operate tourist voyages .
The white signifies peace and purity .	The blue and white colors , like those of several other countries in the region , are based on the flag of the former Federal Republic of Central America .
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of New York .	The diocesan cathedral is the Cathedral Basilica of St. James in Downtown Brooklyn and its co-cathedral is the Co-Cathedral of St. Joseph in Prospect Heights .
The `` high '' cuisine represented a hierarchy in 17th century France as only the privileged could eat it .	`` Haute cuisine '' distinguished itself from regular French cuisine by what was cooked and served such as foods like tongue and caviar , by serving foods such as fruit out of season , by making it difficult and time consuming to cook , and by using exotic ingredients not typically found in France .
He is also head of the Patriotic Salvation Movement .	Déby is of the Bidyat clan of the Zaghawa ethnic group .
Bodoni designed many type-faces , each one in a large range of type sizes .	He is even more admired as a compositor than as a type-designer , as the large range of sizes which he cut enabled him to compose his pages with the greatest possible subtlety of spacing .
Kenneth Lewis Roberts ( December 8 , 1885 – July 21 , 1957 ) was an American writer of historical novels .	He worked first as a journalist , becoming nationally known for his work with the `` Saturday Evening Post '' from 1919 to 1928 , and then as a popular novelist .
Adrian Frutiger ( pronounced ) ( 24 May 1928 – 10 September 2015 ) was a Swiss typeface designer who influenced the direction of type design in the second half of the 20th century .	His career spanned the hot metal , phototypesetting and digital typesetting eras .
The full name is `` ZAKA - Identification , Extraction and Rescue - True Kindness '' ( ) .	Members of ZAKA , most of whom are Orthodox Jews , assist ambulance crews , aid in the identification of the victims of terrorism , road accidents and other disasters , and where necessary gather body parts and spilled blood for proper burial .
Cultural tourism is the subset of tourism concerned with a traveler 's engagement with a country or region 's culture , specifically the lifestyle of the people in those geographical areas , the history of those people , their art , architecture , religion ( s ) , and other elements that helped shape their way of life .	Cultural tourism includes tourism in urban areas , particularly historic or large cities and their cultural facilities such as museums and theatres .
In 2009 , a team of archaeologists announced that they likely discovered—at the Sunabara Remains in Taki-chō , Izumo City—the oldest stone tools ever found in Japan .	The find totaled about 20 tools dating back an estimated 120,000 years : about 80,000 years earlier than previous estimates of when the first humans arrived in the Japanese archipelago .
It was one of the regions of ancient Japan where major political powers arose .	A powerful clan of Izumo ( `` Idumo '' in Old Japanese ) constituted an independent polity , but during the 4th century it was absorbed due to the expansion of the state of Yamato , within which it assumed the role of a sacerdotal domain .
Her father was an immigrant from Scotland and was the city 's mayor ( 1895–97 ) and her mother was the daughter of a prominent physician , Dr. William W. Watkins , the first president of the state 's medical association and a member of the board of regents of the new University of Idaho .	Alex Ryrie , 35 , died from tuberculosis in 1900 and Henrietta remarried , but following her father 's murder in 1901 , her second marriage to Elisha Nathaniel Brown failed and she committed suicide in 1904 at the age of 29 .
It emulates a rack of hardware synthesizers , samplers , signal processors , sequencers , and mixers , all of which can be freely interconnected in an arbitrary manner .	Reason can be used either as a complete virtual music studio or as a set of virtual instruments to be used with other sequencing software in a fashion that mimics live performance .
`` Reason '' was founded in 1968 by Lanny Friedlander ( 1947–2011 ) , a student at Boston University , as a more-or-less monthly mimeographed publication .	In 1970 it was purchased by Robert W. Poole , Jr. , Manuel S. Klausner , and Tibor R. Machan , who set it on a more regular publishing schedule .
The film won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 70th Academy Awards .	The film stars Fedja van Huêt , Jan Decleir , and Betty Schuurman .
This section is the first description of Himiko ( Pimiko ) and Yamatai .	The people of Wa [ 倭人 ] dwell in the middle of the ocean on the mountainous islands southeast of [ the prefecture of ] Tai-fang .
He was particularly noted for his writings attacking religious conservatism .	`` I have nothing against the Baptists .
He was born in the city of Comayagüela , Honduras .	His wife , Bessie Watson , was an American citizen with whom he had two daughters .
In 1861 , Rogers founded the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .	The university opened in 1865 after the American Civil War .
The primary source of the life and accomplishments of Prince Shōtoku comes from the `` Nihon Shoki '' .	Over successive generations , a devotional cult arose around the figure of Prince Shōtoku for the protection of Japan , the Imperial Family , and for Buddhism .
Ravitch was born into a Jewish family in 1938 in Houston , Texas , where she went to public schools from kindergarten through high school graduation .	She is one of eight children .
A player is disqualified if they forget one of the previously occurring items or can not think of a new item to add to the bag .	The game continues until all but the winner has been disqualified .
In the 1960s , the US Army Mapping Service used elevation relative to 1,737,988 meters from the center of the Moon .	In the 1970s , the US Defense Mapping Agency used 1,730,000 meters .
Although the premier is the day-to-day leader of the provincial government , they receive the authority to govern from the Crown ( represented in British Columbia by the province 's lieutenant governor ) .	Formally , in fact , the executive branch of government in British Columbia is said to be vested in the lieutenant governor acting by and with the advice of the premier .
In 222 , he served as the field commander of the Wu army in the Battle of Xiaoting against Liu Bei 's forces and scored a decisive victory over the enemy .	Lu Xun reached the pinnacle of his career after this battle as Sun Quan regarded him more highly , promoted him to higher positions and bestowed upon him unprecedented honours .
Paul Palmer ministered in the Carolinas in the first half of the 18th century .	He established a church in 1727 in Chowan , North Carolina .
Shelley Dawn Marie Martel ( born April 8 , 1963 ) is a former politician in Ontario , Canada .	She was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 2007 .
Established in 1961 , San Jacinto College originally consisted of the independent school districts ( ISD ) of Channelview , Deer Park , Galena Park , La Porte , and Pasadena .	The college now also serves Sheldon , and portions of Clear Creek ISD and Humble ISD .
It consists of :	The riding of Nickel Belt was created in 1952 from parts of Algoma East , Algoma—Manitoulin , Nipissing , Parry Sound—Muskoka , Sudbury and Timiskaming—Cochrane ridings .
She was the editor-in-chief of `` Cosmopolitan '' magazine for 32 years .	Helen Marie Gurley was born February 18 , 1922 in Green Forest , Arkansas , the daughter of Cleo Fred ( née Sisco ; 1893-1980 ) and Ira Marvin Gurley .
Legrand pulls the other two into an adventure after deciphering a secret message that will lead to a buried treasure .	The story , set on Sullivan 's Island , South Carolina , is often compared with Poe 's `` tales of ratiocination '' as an early form of detective fiction .
Pérez is the oldest of eleven brothers and sisters .	The Pérez 's are of Hebrew Spanish Anusim origin .
Old Hokie is a spirited cheer , often used by fans of Virginia Tech 's athletic teams .	It was coined by Oscar M. Stull ( Class of 1896 ) in a winning student body contest entry to mark the changing of the university 's name from Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College ( VAMC ) to Virginia Polytechnic Institute and Agricultural and Mechanical College ( VPI ) in 1896 .
The Rose Bowl Game is nicknamed `` The Granddaddy of Them All '' because it is the oldest bowl game .	It was first played in 1902 as the Tournament East–West football game , and has been played annually since 1916 .
The term may also be applied more specifically to the primary motion picture business subsidiary of each respective conglomerate .	The `` Big Six '' majors are all film studios active since Hollywood 's Golden Age .
The Alliance of Baptists was formed in 1987 as the Southern Baptist Alliance by liberal individuals and congregations who were considering separating from the Southern Baptist Convention as a result of the conservative resurgence/fundamentalist takeover controversy .	Since 1995 , many Alliance congregations and people have also aligned with several other free church traditions including the American Baptist Churches ( USA ) , the United Church of Christ , and the Christian Church ( Disciples of Christ ) .
They are typically labeled ( the lightest ) , , and ( the heaviest ) although sometimes formula_1 is also used when formula_2 is used to refer to charginos .	These four states are mixtures of the bino and the neutral wino ( which are the neutral electroweak gauginos ) , and the neutral higgsinos .
The Ontario NDP , led by Andrea Horwath since March 2009 , currently forms the Official Opposition in Ontario following the 2018 general election .	It is a provincial section of the federal New Democratic Party .
If the cells are irritated either by mechanical , chemical or light stress , they discharge , propelling the cell in a zig-zag course away from the disturbance .	Large ejectisomes , visible under the light microscope , are associated with the pocket ; smaller ones occur elsewhere on the cell .
Class 3 describes easy and moderate climbing ( i.e .	scrambling ) , with varying amounts of exposure .
This is an undistinguished looking bird with long wings and tail .	The adults have grey-brown upperparts and whitish underparts , with a streaked crown and breast , giving rise to the bird 's common name .
These rules apply to exponential growth and are therefore used for compound interest as opposed to simple interest calculations .	They can also be used for decay to obtain a halving time .
Its colourful golden crest feathers gives rise to its English and scientific names , and possibly to it being called the `` king of the birds '' in European folklore .	Several subspecies are recognised across the very large distribution range that includes much of Eurasia and the islands of Macaronesia .
However , the concept of a Greater Albania , as in greater than Albania within its 1913 borders , was implemented only under the Italian and Nazi German occupation of the Balkans during World War II .	The idea of unification , has roots in the events of the Treaty of London in 1913 , when roughly half of the predominantly Albanian territories and 40 % of the population were left outside the new country 's borders , something that Albanians have tended to regard as an injustice imposed by the Great Powers .
Formally , and within the general scope of functional analysis , an isolated singularity for a function formula_1 is any `` topologically isolated '' point within an open set where the function is defined .	Every singularity of a meromorphic function is isolated , but isolation of singularities is not alone sufficient to guarantee a function is meromorphic .
Magazine reunited in 2009 for a UK tour , with almost all the remaining members of the `` classic '' lineup , with the exception of guitarist John McGeoch , who died in 2004 .	He was replaced by Noko , who had played with Devoto in Luxuria .
Firecrests in the Balearic Islands and north Africa are widely recognised as a separate subspecies , but the population on Madeira , previously also treated as a subspecies , is now treated as a distinct species , the Madeira firecrest , `` Regulus madeirensis '' .	A fossil ancestor of the firecrest has been identified from a single wing bone .
The exposed geology of the Yosemite area includes primarily granitic rocks with some older metamorphic rock .	The first rocks were laid down in Precambrian times , when the area around Yosemite National Park was on the edge of a very young North American continent .
The series focuses on a middle schooler ( and later a high schooler ) girl named Ginger Foutley who , with her friends , tries to become more than a social geek .	`` As Told by Ginger '' ended production in 2004 , although some episodes remain unaired on U.S. television .
The Wisconsin glaciation extended from approximately 75,000 to 11,000 years ago , between the Sangamon interglacial ( known globally as the Eemian stage ) and the current interglacial , the Holocene .	The maximum ice extent occurred approximately 25,000–21,000 years ago during the last glacial maximum , also known as the `` Late Wisconsin '' in North America .
The long-tailed tit or long-tailed bushtit ( `` Aegithalos caudatus '' ) , occasionally referred to as the silver-throated tit or silver-throated dasher , is a common bird found throughout Europe and Asia .	The genus name `` Aegithalos '' was a term used by Aristotle for some European tits , including the long-tailed tit .
Other transliterations of his name include Fa-Hien , Fa-hian , and Fa-hsien .	In 399 Faxian set out with nine others to locate sacred Buddhist texts .
Spirula spirula is a species of deep-water squid-like cephalopod mollusk .	It is the only extant member of the genus Spirula , the family Spirulidae , and the order Spirulida .
The regional municipality expanded the boundaries of the city of Sudbury to annex the community of Copper Cliff , the unincorporated geographic township of Broder and half of the unincorporated geographic township of Dill .	The other half of Dill Township — including the community of Wanup — remained unincorporated , although it was subsequently annexed into Greater Sudbury in 2001 .
Missouri also maintains a secondary set of roads , supplemental routes , which are lettered rather than numbered .	Missouri has also changed highway designations with a US route or an interstate with the same number is designated through the state ( MO-40 was redesignated Route 14 to avoid duplicating numbers with US-40 which also passes through the state ) .
Yatzie was included in a game set called LUCK - 15 Grand Dice Games .	It was marketed under the name of Yahtzee by game entrepreneur Edwin S. Lowe in 1956 .
Route 100 , also named Manchester Road through St. Louis County and Manchester Avenue through St. Louis City , is a state highway in the U.S. state of Missouri .	It runs from Linn , Missouri at U.S. Route 50 to Interstate 55 in St. Louis .
`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Corytophanes '' .	The specific name , `` hernandesii '' , is in honor of Spanish naturalist Francisco Hernández ( 1514-1587 ) .
Species in the genus `` Laemanctus '' are commonly referred to as conehead lizards or casquehead iguanas .	The genus is endemic to Central America .
However , one difference between the genera `` Gambelia '' and `` Crotaphytus '' is that leopard lizards have fracture planes in their tails , allowing the tails to break off when grasped by predators .	The generic name , `` Gambelia '' , is in honor of American naturalist William Gambel .
Crotaphytus is a genus of lizards commonly known as collared lizards .	They are a genus of small to medium-sized predators indigenous to arid environments of the southwestern regions of North America .
It is a quite distantly related of the other members of Hoplocercidae , as it is believed to have diverged from these about 35 million years ago .	The weapontail has a total length of about .
They were previously regarded as members of subfamily Leiocephalinae within the family Tropiduridae .	There are presently 29 known species .
The genus is endemic to South America .	The genus `` Leiosaurus '' contains the following species which are recognized as being valid :
The area has of vertical , rising to an elevation of , and enjoys a long ski season .	The resort was founded in 1953 by Dave McCoy and , since 2005 , has been owned by the Starwood Capital Group .
Most species of `` Liolaemus '' are omnivorous , but a few purely insectivorous and herbivorous species are known .	There are more than 225 described species in the genus `` Liolaemus '' , but the true number of species may be about double this number .
Their habits are mostly conserved from the ancestral iguanians , in that `` Phymaturus '' are generally inhabitants of rocky ground , feed on plants , and give birth to fully developed young .	The genus can be divided into two lineages , which probably represent clades :
It was considered a monotypic genus , until in 2015 a second species , `` Chalarodon steinkampi '' , was recognised based on morphology and DNA sequence data .	The common names of this genus include Chalarodon or Dangalia lizard .
Oplurus is a genus of Malagasy iguanian lizards , most of which are rock-dwelling terrestrial species .	The sister genus to `` Oplurus '' is `` Chalarodon '' , which contains two species : `` Chalarodon madagascariensis '' and `` Chalarodon steinkampi '' , which are terrestrial iguanas and easily distinguished from `` Oplurus '' by its smaller size and the presence of a distinct dorsal crest .
The zebra-tailed lizard ( Callisaurus draconoides ) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard endemic to the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico .	Zebra-tailed lizards live in open desert with fairly hard-packed soil , scattered vegetation , and scattered rocks , typically flats , washes , and plains .
Earless lizards are two genera of small lizards native to the semi-arid and grassland habitats of the southwestern United States and Mexico .	The genus `` Cophosaurus '' and the genus `` Holbrookia '' are both characterized by having no external ear openings , presumably to prevent sand from entering the body as they dig .
The California rock lizards are a genus ( Petrosaurus ) of New World lizards in the family Phrynosomatidae .	They are endemic to southern California and Baja California , Mexico .
Horned lizards ( Phrynosoma ) , also known as horny toads or horntoads , are a genus of North American lizards and the type genus of the family Phrynosomatidae .	The common names refer directly to their flattened , rounded body and blunt snout .
The event was not held from 1915 to 1918 because of World War I and again from 1940 to 1945 because of World War II .	The Gentlemen 's Singles ' rules have undergone several changes since the first edition .
Spiny lizards is the common name for the genus Sceloporus in the family Phrynosomatidae .	This genus includes some of the most commonly seen lizards in the United States .
Wimbledon has historically been played in the last week of June and the first week of July ( though changed to the first two weeks of July in 2017 ) , and has been chronologically the third of the four Grand Slam tournaments of the tennis season since 1987 .	The event was not held from 1915 to 1918 because of World War I and again from 1940 to 1945 because of World War II .
Fringe-toed lizards are lizards of the genus Uma in the family Phrynosomatidae , native to deserts of North America .	They are adapted for life in sandy deserts with fringe-like scales on their hind toes hence their common name .
They can be distinguished from members of the genus `` Uta '' by the presence of enlarged ( sometimes only slightly ) dorsal scales .	`` Urosaurus '' have been used as a model system in lizard life-history studies , and populations produce two or more clutches of eggs per year .
Their cycle among three colorized breeding patterns has achieved notoriety and is best described in the common side-blotched lizard .	They commonly grow to six inches including the tail , with the males normally being the larger sex .
Anolis is a genus of anoles ( ) , lizards in the family Dactyloidae , native to the Americas .	With more than 425 species , it represents the world 's most species-rich amniote tetrapod genus , although it has been proposed that many of these should be moved to other genera , in which case only about 45 `` Anolis '' species remain .
Norops is the proposed genus for more than 150 species of anole lizards traditionally classified in the genus `` Anolis '' .	They are native to Mexico , South and Central America , and the West Indies .
Phenacosaurus is a genus of lizards commonly known as anoles .	The genus is endemic to northern South America .
Polychrus is the only extant genus of polychrotid lizards in the world .	Commonly called bush anoles , they are found in Central and South America , as well as nearby Trinidad and Tobago .
The remaining , which often are called Pacific iguanas , are found in the Andes and along the Pacific coasts of Chile , Peru , and Ecuador .	The distribution of the lava lizards and their variations in shape , colour and behaviour show the phenomenon of adaptive radiation so typical of the inhabitants of this archipelago .
Plica is a genus of tropidurid lizards endemic to South America and the Caribbean .	Species in the genus `` Plica '' are arboreal , medium-sized lizards .
Tropidurus is a genus of reptiles .	The genus `` Tropidurus '' includes many species of Neotropical ground lizards ( family Tropiduridae ) .
The monitor lizards are large lizards in the genus Varanus .	They are native to Africa , Asia and Oceania , but are now found also in the Americas as an invasive species .
The male ( cock ) has dark green plumage on the breast , neck , mantle , and flanks .	The male also has bluish-purplish hood with clear ear-tufts , red wattle , and long , pale grey-banded tail .
Return-to-zero ( RZ or RTZ ) describes a line code used in telecommunications signals in which the signal drops ( returns ) to zero between each pulse .	This takes place even if a number of consecutive 0s or 1s occur in the signal .
The typical TDD is a device about the size of a typewriter or laptop computer with a QWERTY keyboard and small screen that uses an LED , LCD , or VFD screen to display typed text electronically .	In addition , TDDs commonly have a small spool of paper on which text is also printedold versions of the device had only a printer and no screen .
His work initiated the field of modern nonlinear chemical dynamics .	The Belousov family had strong anti-Tsarist sympathies and , after the Russian Revolution of 1905 , they were arrested and later forced to leave the country .
It is used extensively on amateur packet radio networks .	AX.25 v2.0 and later occupies the data link layer , the second layer of the OSI model .
Born in New York City on October 20 , 1918 , Lochner grew up in Berlin .	He studied one semester at the University of Berlin , and then took a B.A .
The chief division affecting nationalism in Ireland was religious .	The majority of the island 's population was Roman Catholic , which is the part that seceded , but a portion of the northern part has a Protestant majority that elected to stay a part of the United Kingdom .
In 1965 , Young returned to the United Kingdom .	He was recruited by Denis Hamilton of `` The Sunday Times '' .
It is also the term for an early medieval Scandinavian class of retainers .	Old English ( , `` servant , attendant , retainer '' ) is cognate with Old High German and Old Norse ( `` thane , franklin , freeman , man '' ) .
Joseph Bosworth ( 1788 – 27 May 1876 ) was an English scholar of the Anglo-Saxon language and compiler of the first major Anglo-Saxon dictionary .	Born in Derbyshire in 1788 , Bosworth was educated at Repton School as a 'Poor Scholar ' but left in his early teens and did not go to university .
Richard Crashaw ( c. 1613 – 21 August 1649 ) , was an English poet , teacher , Anglican cleric and Catholic convert , who was among the major figures associated with the metaphysical poets in seventeenth-century English literature .	Crashaw was the son of a famous Anglican divine with Puritan beliefs who earned a reputation as a hard-hitting pamphleteer and polemicist against Roman Catholicism .
He was also a diplomat ( honorary consul for San Marino ) , a traveller ( in Europe , the Balkans and North Africa ) , a flying buff who officiated at the first British air meeting at Doncaster in 1909 , and a wireless pioneer who broadcast music from his own station long before radio was generally available ; his claims regarding his own abilities and exploits , however , were usually exaggerated .	His best-known works are the anti-French and anti-Russian invasion fantasy `` The Great War in England in 1897 '' ( 1894 ) and the anti-German invasion fantasy `` The Invasion of 1910 '' ( 1906 ) , the latter of which was a phenomenal bestseller .
Simon Vengai Muzenda ( 28 October 1922 – 20 September 2003 ) was a Zimbabwean politician who served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1980 to 1987 and as Vice-President of Zimbabwe from 1987 to 2003 under President Robert Mugabe .	Muzenda was born in the Gutu District of the Victoria Province of Southern Rhodesia as a son of a peasant farmer , and brought up by his grandmother Mbuya Maweni .
The Wetterhorn ( 3,692 m ) is a peak in the Swiss Alps towering above the village of Grindelwald .	Formerly known as Hasle Jungfrau , it is one of three summits on a mountain named the `` Wetterhörner '' , the highest of which is the Mittelhorn ( 3,704 m ) and the lowest and most distant the Rosenhorn ( 3,689 m ) .
The name Mago was a common masculine given name among the Carthaginian elite .	It meant `` Godsent '' .
The word `` cormous '' usually means plants that grow from corms , parallel to the terms `` tuberous '' and `` bulbous '' to describe plants growing from tubers and bulbs .	A corm consists of one or more internodes with at least one growing point , generally with protective leaves modified into skins or tunics .
The third volume of `` Oedipus Aegyptiacus '' deals exclusively with Kircher 's attempts to translate Egyptian hieroglyphs .	The primary source for Kircher 's study of hieroglyphs was the Bembine Tablet , so named after its acquisition by Cardinal Bembo , shortly after the sack of Rome in 1527 .
The word `` twikent '' ( twice-kenned ) is used for once-removed metalepsis involving kennings. < ref name= '' Faulkes 1999 , p. 5/12 '' > Faulkes ( 1999 ) , p. 5/12. < /ref > If a kenning has more than three elements , it is said to be `` rekit '' ( `` extended '' ) .	Kennings of up to seven elements are recorded in skaldic verse .
Abraham Cowley ( ; 161828 July 1667 ) was an English poet born in the City of London late in 1618 .	He was one of the leading English poets of the 17th century , with 14 printings of his `` Works '' published between 1668 and 1721 .
He committed suicide shortly after his professional career ended .	Moore was born on February 13 , 1954 , in Lubbock , Texas , and was the cousin of MLB player Hubie Brooks .
Josef Hiršal ( 24 July 1920 – 15 September 2003 ) was a Czech author , poet and novelist .	Hiršal was widely regarded as one of the most important Czech authors of experimental poetry ; after early surrealistic writings , he made his literary debut with a collection of poems .
It is the headquarters of the district of Kodagu .	Madikeri was formerly known as `` Muddu raja keri '' .
Born in Hackney , Benn was the second son of Sir John Benn , 1st Baronet .	He was given the name Wedgwood because his mother , Elizabeth ( Lily ) Pickstone , was distantly linked to Josiah Wedgwood of the pottery family .
Since 1949 , Danmarks Radio had been the sole provider of television in Denmark , wanting to end the monopoly , the Danish Parliament voted on 30 May 1986 , to create TV2 , as a second choice for public service television .	Upon its establishment , it had first begun its experimental test transmissions , and then , two years later , it had therefore commenced its official broadcast on 1 October 1988 , with its first program being `` Danish Symphony '' which is broadcast at 17:00 , followed by the news at 19:30 .
Lake is an unincorporated community located in Ascension Parish , Louisiana , United States .	Lake is located at latitude 30°17'59 '' north , longitude 90°51'10 '' west .
Thomas was born at Newnham , Northamptonshire , near Daventry , England to William and Elizabeth Randolph .	He was baptized on 18 June 1605 and was the uncle of American colonist William Randolph .
Artmann was born in Vienna as the son of shoe maker Johann Artmann and his wife Marie ( née Schneider ) .	After growing up in Vienna and attending `` Volks- & Hauptschule '' , he worked as an office intern for three years ; in 1940 , he was conscripted during World War II , and transferred to a punishment battalion after suffering a war wound in 1941 .
In some legal systems , such procedural knowledge has been considered the intellectual property of a company , and can be transferred when that company is purchased .	One limitation of procedural knowledge is its job-dependent nature .
After studying at Lycée Condorcet , he was called to the bar in 1887 .	He attracted the attention of Léon Gambetta by writing articles on Balkan politics for the `` Revue bleue '' , and joined the staff of the `` Republique française '' .
The division had a population of 32,251 in the Canada 2016 Census .	The land area is ; the population density was .
He received honours from the chief learned societies of Europe .	In 1887 he obtained an appointment at the National Museum of Antiquities at Saint-Germain-en-Laye ; in 1893 he became assistant curator , and in 1902 curator of the national museums .
Lea was born and lived in Philadelphia .	His father , Isaac Lea ( 1792–1886 ) was a distinguished naturalist and member of the `` American Philosophical Society '' , and publisher .
Théodore Reinach ( July 3 , 1860 – October 28 , 1928 ) was a French archaeologist , mathematician , lawyer , papyrologist , philologist , epigrapher , historian , numismatist , musicologist , professor , and politician .	Educated at the Lycée Condorcet , Ecole des Hautes Etudes , Ecole des Sciences Politiques , he had a brilliant career as a scholar , and was called to the Parisian bar , where he practised from 1881 to 1886 , but eventually devoted himself to the study of numismatics .
The Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex ( officially designated the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington , TX Metropolitan Statistical Area by the US Office of Management and Budget ) , encompasses 13 counties within the U.S. state of Texas .	Residents of the area also refer to it as the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex , DFW , or the Metroplex .
Midland is a town located on Georgian Bay in Simcoe County , Ontario , Canada .	It is part of the Huronia/Wendat region of Central Ontario .
Hiratsuka is located on the western Kantō Plain midway between Tokyo and Mount Fuji , and has a 5-kilometer coastline in the Shōnan area on the Pacific Ocean in Sagami Bay .	The area around Hiratsuka has been settled since prehistoric times , and mention of the area as part of ancient Ōsumi District , Sagami Province is found in Nara period records .
The total area is 69.57 km .	Fujisawa is in the central part of Kanagawa Prefecture .
Neville Bonner was born in Ukerebagh Island , a small island on the Tweed River in northern New South Wales .	He never knew his father and had no formal education .
The Ansari X Prize was a space competition in which the X Prize Foundation offered a US $ 10,000,000 prize for the first non-government organization to launch a reusable manned spacecraft into space twice within two weeks .	It was modeled after early 20th-century aviation prizes , and aimed to spur development of low-cost spaceflight .
The current president of the Canadian Space Agency is Sylvain Laporte , who took the position March 9 , 2015 following the announcement of his appointment on February 27 , 2015 .	The headquarters of the CSA is located at the John H. Chapman Space Centre in Longueuil , Quebec .
Sanjō has a Humid climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by warm , wet summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .	The average annual temperature in Sanjō is 12.2 °C .
Kashiwazai is located in a coastal region of south-central Niigata Prefecture .	Part of the city is within the borders of the Sado-Yahiko-Yoneyama Quasi-National Park .
The average annual rainfall is 1920 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August , at around 26.2 °C , and lowest in January , at around 1.2 °C .	Per Japanese census data , the population of Shibata has remained relatively steady over the past 40 years .
On March 21 , 2005 , Niitsu was merged into the expanded city of Niigata .	Other cities merged into Niigata at this time include the cities of Shirone and Toyosaka , the towns of Kameda , Kosudo and Yokogoshi ( all from Nakakanbara District ) , the town of Nishikawa , and the villages of Ajikata , Iwamuro , Katahigashi , Nakanokuchi and Tsukigata ( all from Nishikanbara District ) .
The Shinano River flows through the city .	The area has very heavy snow in winter .
The highest elevation is the summit of Mount Awagatake at 1292 meters .	The city is located roughly halfway between the two larger cities of Nagaoka and Niigata .
The average annual temperature in Tōkamachi is 12.5 °C .	The average annual rainfall is 2077 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August , at around 25.6 °C , and lowest in January , at around 0.4 °C .
Mitsuke has a Humid climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by warm , wet summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .	The average annual temperature in Mitsuke is 12.7 °C .
The average annual temperature in Murakami is 12.6 °C .	The average annual rainfall is 2122 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August , at around 25.9 °C , and lowest in January , at around 0.9 °C .
Tsubame has a Humid climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by warm , wet summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .	The average annual temperature in Tsubame is 12.9 °C .
Itoigawa is also famous for its jade which can be found on local beaches .	Itoigawa also lends its name to the Itoigawa-Shizuoka Tectonic Line , a major fault that runs from Itoigawa , through Lake Suwa to the city of Shizuoka in Shizuoka Prefecture , forming the western border of the Fossa Magna .
Myōkō is located in an inland region of north-central Niigata Prefecture , on the border of Nagano Prefecture .	It lies in mountain surroundings near the historical entrance to the Echigo Plains .
Under the Tokugawa shogunate of Edo period Japan , parts of what is now Gosen were under the control of Muramatsu Domain , a minor feudal domain ruled by a junior branch of the Hori clan .	The town of Gosen was created within Kitakanbara District , Niigata with the establishment of the modern municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
Ntare V of Burundi ( born `` Charles Ndizeye '' , 2 December 1947 – 29 April 1972 ) was the last king of Burundi ( or Mwami ) from July to November 1966 .	Until his accession , he was known as Crown Prince Charles Ndizeye .
As of April 1 , 2007 , the area is now part of Minami-ku ward .	In June every year , Shirone hosts the week-long Giant Kite Festival ( takomatsuri ) .
After becoming prime minister in July 1966 , Micombero led two further coup d'états against the monarchy , which he perceived as too moderate , and installed himself as president in November 1966 .	As President , Micombero ruled Burundi as a military dictator .
Apart from acting , McGinley is also an author , a board member and international spokesman for the Global Down Syndrome Foundation , and a spokesman for the National Down Syndrome Society .	McGinley , who is one of five children , was born in the Greenwich Village section of New York City , the son of a schoolteacher and a stockbroker .
Uozu has a humid continental climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .	The average annual temperature in Uozu is 13.7 °C .
Much of the area is a dispersed settlement typical of this region of Japan .	Oyabe has a humid continental climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .
The Kurobe River flows through the city .	Kurobe has a humid continental climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .
Much of the area is a dispersed settlement typical of this region of Japan .	Per Japanese census data , the population of Tonami has increased over the past 40 years .
Namerikawa is located 1 hour by air ( via Toyama Airport ) , 3 hours by rail and 5 hours by car from Tokyo .	Since March 2015 , rail access is possible via Hokuriku Shinkansen high-speed train from nearby Toyama .
Much of the area is a dispersed settlement typical of this region of Japan .	Himi has a humid continental climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .
Komatsu has a humid continental climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .	The average annual temperature in Komatsu is 14.3 °C .
The island of Hegurajima , located 47 kilometers from the north coast of Noto Peninsula is administratively part of the city of Wajima .	Per Japanese census data , the population of Wajima has declined over the past 40 years .
The name `` Suzu '' appears in Nara period records ; however , the `` kanji '' for Suzu ( 珠洲 ) is not thought to have been in use until the early Wadō era ( 713 AD ) .	There is also the theory that the name originates from the Ainu language , as with several other place names in the Noto area .
Per Japanese census data , the population of Hakui has declined over the past 40 years .	Hakui has a humid continental climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .
Tsuruga is located in central Fukui Prefecture , bordered by Shiga Prefecture to the south and Wakasa Bay of the Sea of Japan to the north.Tsuruga lies some 50 km south of Fukui , 90 km northwest of Nagoya , 40 km northwest of Maibara , 115 km northeast of Osaka , 75 km northeast of Kyoto , and 65 km east of Maizuru .	Among cities on the Sea of Japan coast , Tsuruga is the nearest city to the Pacific Ocean .
Parts of the city are within the borders of the Wakasa Wan Quasi-National Park .	Obama has a Humid climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by warm , wet summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .
Katsuyama is located in the Katsuyama Basin of far northern Fukui Prefecture , bordered by Ishikawa Prefecture to the north , and surrounded by mountains on all sides .	The Kuzuryū River flows through part of the city .
The average annual rainfall is 2417 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August , at around 26.8 °C , and lowest in January , at around 3.0 °C .	Per Japanese census data , the population of Sabae has grown steady over the past 40 years .
As of November 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 34,969 , and a population density of 121 persons per km² .	The total area is .
As of November 1 , 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 193,127 , and a population density of 909 persons per km .	The total area is .
Fujiyoshida lies at the base of Mount Fuji , and is built upon old lava flows .	It is considered a high-elevation city in Japan , at 2,140 to 2,800 feet above sea level .
The total area is .	Tsuru is located in southeastern Yamanashi Prefecture , in the foothills of Mount Fuji .
The total area is .	Ōtsuki is located in eastern Yamanashi Prefecture , approximately 80 kilometers from Tokyo .
Nirasaki is located in northeastern Yamanashi Prefecture , bordered to the east and west by the Minami Alps National Park .	Yamanashi Prefecture
Minami-Alps is Yamanashi Prefecture 's third largest city .	The city 's name was chosen in September 2002 from among entries submitted by the general public .
In mathematics , specifically module theory , the annihilator of a set is a concept generalizing torsion and orthogonality .	Let `` R '' be a ring , and let `` M '' be a left `` R '' -module .
There were 46 delegates at the Convention , chosen by the seven colonial parliaments .	Among the delegates was Sir Henry Parkes , known as the `` Father of Federation '' .
Robert Carlyle ( born 14 April 1961 ) is a Scottish actor .	His film work includes `` Trainspotting '' ( 1996 ) and its sequel ( 2017 ) , `` The Full Monty '' ( 1997 ) , `` The World Is Not Enough '' ( 1999 ) , and `` Angela 's Ashes '' ( 1999 ) .
MindWrite is an early word processor designed for Macintosh computers .	It was published by DeltaPoint .
Pratchett has described it as `` an attempt to do for the classical fantasy universe what `` Blazing Saddles '' did for Westerns . ''	The story takes place on the Discworld , a planet-sized flat disc carried through space on the backs of four huge elephants – Berilia , Tubul , Great T'Phon and Jerakeen – who themselves stand on the shell of Great A'Tuin , a gigantic sea turtle .
The events of the novel are a direct continuation of those in the preceding book , `` The Colour of Magic '' ( the only `` Discworld '' novel to follow on in this manner ) .	The book begins shortly after the ending of `` The Colour of Magic '' , with wizard Rincewind , Twoflower and the Luggage falling from the Discworld .
She also directed the 2002 documentary `` Searching for Debra Winger '' , and starred from 2006 to 2007 on the ABC sitcom `` What About Brian ? ''	Arquette was born in New York City , the daughter of Brenda Olivia `` Mardi '' ( `` née '' Nowak ; 1939–1997 ) , an actress , poet , theater operator , activist , acting teacher , and therapist , and Lewis Arquette , a film actor , screenwriter , and producer .
Taste was originally offered by DeltaPoint , the publishers of the famed MindWrite , but was eventually spun off to a 3rd party before finally disappearing .	Taste works with Mac OS 9 , but not macOS , and has not been available for purchase for several years .
It advocated the abolition of protectionism , especially protective tariffs and other restrictions on trade , arguing that this would create greater prosperity for all .	However , many members also advocated use of minimal tariffs for government revenue purposes only .
The Protectionist Party was an Australian political party , formally organised from 1887 until 1909 , with policies centred on protectionism .	It advocated protective tariffs , arguing it would allow Australian industry to grow and provide employment .
They are often classified as the subfamily Geospizinae or tribe Geospizini .	They belong to the tanager family and are not closely related to the true finches .
In this context , the computer programs in Tierra are considered to be evolvable and can mutate , self-replicate and recombine .	Tierra 's virtual machine is written in C. It operates on a custom instruction set designed to facilitate code changes and reordering , including features such as jump to template ( as opposed to the relative or absolute jumps common to most instruction sets ) .
Aruba and Curaçao are autonomous , self-governing constituent countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands , while Bonaire is a special municipality of the Netherlands proper .	According to the disputed letters of Amerigo Vespucci , the ABC islands were first explored by one of Christopher Columbus ' captains , Alonso de Ojeda , who landed on Curaçao in 1499 .
Archaeogenetics is the study of ancient DNA using various molecular genetic methods and DNA resources .	This form of genetic analysis can be applied to human , animal , and plant specimens .
Considered one of the New York Five , Eisenman is known for his writing and speaking about architecture as well as his designs , which have been called high modernist or deconstructive .	Peter Eisenman was born to Jewish parents on August 11 , 1932 , in Newark , New Jersey .
He was an adviser of King Charles I of Spain ( Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) , and his successor , Philip II of Spain , Mayordomo mayor of both , member of their Councils of State and War , governor of the Duchy of Milan ( 1555–1556 ) , viceroy of the Kingdom of Naples ( 1556–1558 ) , governor of the Netherlands ( 1567–1573 ) and viceroy and constable of the Kingdom of Portugal ( 1580–1582 ) .	He represented Philip II in negotiating Philip 's betrothal to Elisabeth of Valois and Anna of Austria , who were the third and fourth , and last , wives of the king .
Although the words `` emblem '' and `` symbol '' are often used interchangeably , an emblem is a pattern that is used to represent an idea or an individual .	An emblem crystallizes in concrete , visual terms some abstraction : a deity , a tribe or nation , or a virtue or vice .
The prefecture 's city proper is Dinghai on Zhoushan Island , now administered as the prefecture 's Dinghai District .	During the 2010 census , Zhoushan Prefecture 's population was 1,121,261 , out of whom 842,989 lived in the urban districts of Dinghai and Putuo .
Constantinos Christoforou and Phiippos Constantinos were on board quite early , chosen by Giorgos Theofanous .	The next three members were picked up after a selective audition that took place in legendary Athenian Sierra Studio .
Adopting the name Coppervale Press for `` Starchild : Crossroads '' , he gave up self publishing in 1997 for `` Starchild : Mythopolis '' , five issues of which were published by Image Comics .	Owen returned to self publishing , compiling a volume of Starchild reprints via a Kickstarter campaign in 2015 .
He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1832 and Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1839 .	Born at Flintham Hall in Nottinghamshire , he was the eldest son of John Disney , and his wife Jane Blackburne , daughter of Francis Blackburne .
Computer scientists typically work on the theoretical side of computer systems , as opposed to the hardware side that computer engineers mainly focus on ( although there is overlap ) .	Although computer scientists can also focus their work and research on specific areas ( such as algorithm and data structure development and design , software engineering , information theory , database theory , computational complexity theory , numerical analysis , programming language theory , computer graphics , and computer vision ) , their foundation is the theoretical study of computing from which these other fields derive .
Malene Winter Mortensen ( born May 23 , 1982 ) is a Danish singer .	She entered the Danish music scene in 2001 , during the first season of `` Stjerne for en aften '' , the Danish edition of `` Star for a Night '' .
She was married to the Swedish regent Sten Sture the Younger , and famously led the Swedish resistance against Christian II of Denmark after the death of her spouse .	In her own lifetime she was simply referred to as `` Fru Kristina '' ( 'Lady Christina ' ) , but she has become known in history as `` Kristina Gyllenstierna '' because of the house of nobility to which she belonged .
The outer Bay is also used as a sheltered anchorage , with ships requiring salvage periodically towed there ( such as the Tarpenbeck ) .	The wreck of a salvage tug could be seen until recently at low tide under Culver Cliff , ( the `` Harry Sharman '' ) which had been assisting the stricken tanker `` Pacific Glory '' in the 1970s .
Christian socialism became a major movement in the United Kingdom beginning in the 19th century .	The Christian Socialist Movement , since 2013 known as Christians on the Left , is one formal group .
It is a Nature Conservation Review site , Grade I and a National Nature Reserve .	It is part of the Thames Basin Heaths Special Protection Area and the Thursley , Ash , Pirbright and Chobham Special Area of Conservation .
Using the term `` shemale '' for a transsexual woman often implies that she is working in the sex trade .	The phrase is commonly used in pornography .
Beaune is one of the key wine centers in France , and the center of Burgundy wine production and business .	The annual wine auction of the Hospices de Beaune is the primary wine auction in France .
Delta Force and DEVGRU perform the most complex , classified , and dangerous missions in the U.S. military , as directed by the U.S. National Command Authority .	Most Delta Force operators are selected from the United States Army Special Operations Command 's elite Special Forces Groups and the 75th Ranger Regiment , as well as from other special operations units .
13 in D major was written in 1763 for the orchestra of Haydn 's patron , Prince Nikolaus Esterházy , in Eisenstadt .	The work can be precisely dated thanks to a dated score in Haydn 's own hand in the National Library of Budapest .
Supporters of theistic evolution generally harmonize evolutionary thought with belief in God , rejecting the conflict thesis regarding the relationship between religion and science they hold that religious teachings about creation and scientific theories of evolution need not contradict each other .	Francis Collins describes theistic evolution as the position that `` evolution is real , but that it was set in motion by God '' , and characterizes it as accepting `` that evolution occurred as biologists describe it , but under the direction of God '' .
It is located at latitude 38°35'25 '' North ; longitude 76°56'26 '' West .	The United States Postal Service has assigned White Plains the ZIP Code 20695 .
The airport had an official capacity of 11 million passengers per year , but had served 13.5 million passengers during its last year of operations .	The airport was built in 1938 .
The national park itself contains the deepest and most dramatic section of the canyon , but the canyon continues upstream into Curecanti National Recreation Area and downstream into Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area .	The canyon 's name owes itself to the fact that parts of the gorge only receive 33 minutes of sunlight a day , according to `` Images of America : The Black Canyon of the Gunnison '' .
Attica has a post office with ZIP code 48412 .	According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the community has an area of , of which is land and is water .
A town square is an open public space commonly found in the heart of a traditional town used for community gatherings .	Other names for `` town square '' are `` civic center '' , `` city square '' , `` urban square '' , `` market square '' , `` public square '' , `` piazza '' , `` plaza '' , and `` town green '' .
Switzerland has a multi-party system .	Since 1959 , the four largest parties have formed a coalition government , according to a `` '' or `` magic formula '' .
The vitreous humor is a transparent , colorless , gelatinous mass that fills the space in the eye between the lens and the retina .	It is surrounded by a layer of collagen called vitreous membrane separating it from the rest of the eye .
Even before the modern era , some surgeons performed crude vitrectomies .	For instance , Dutch surgeon Anton Nuck ( 1650–1692 ) claimed to have removed vitreous by suction in a young man with an inflamed eye .
The form of the `` periplus '' is at least as old as the earliest Greek historian , the Ionian Hecataeus of Miletus .	The works of Herodotus and Thucydides contain passages that appear to have been based on `` peripli '' .
The mill or ( ₥ ) ( sometimes mil in the UK , when discussing property taxes in the United States , or previously in Cyprus and Malta ) is a now-abstract unit of currency used sometimes in accounting .	In the United States , it is a notional unit equivalent to of a United States dollar ( a one-hundredth of a dime or a tenth of a cent ) .
The village is part of the civil parish of Skidbrooke with Saltfleet Haven , which had a population of 523 at the 2001 Census , increasing to 543 at the 2011 Census .	Saltfleet is set in countryside .
A safari jacket or bush jacket is a garment originally designed for the purpose of going on safari in the African bush .	When paired with trousers or shorts , it becomes a safari suit .
These stories serve as creation myths about the world and origin myths about nature or the social world .	Korean myths are often localized and concern specific villages or clans .
It is established by the provisions of the Korean Armistice Agreement to serve as a buffer zone between North Korea and South Korea .	The demilitarized zone ( DMZ ) is a border barrier that divides the Korean Peninsula roughly in half .
Blades has written dozens of hit songs , including `` Pedro Navaja '' , `` El Cantante '' ( which became Héctor Lavoe 's signature song ) , and `` Patria '' , which many Panamanians consider their second national anthem .	He has won eight Grammy Awards and five Latin Grammy Awards .
Kutt , a professor of mathematics at Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario during the late 1960s , noted that the efficiency of computer users there was hampered by the long wait times involved in submitting programs in punched card form for batch processing by a shared mainframe computer .	In 1968 , Kutt and Donald Pamenter started a firm , Consolidated Computer Inc. , and began to produce a data-entry device named `` Key-Edit '' .
His father was Russian , his mother belonged to a noble Volga Tatar family who had lost most of their wealth during the 19th century .	Alexandr had two sisters , Sofia ( 1861–1922 ) and Zinaida ( 1863–1934 ) .
Joseph Weigl ( 28 March 1766 – 3 February 1846 ) was an Austrian composer and conductor , born in Eisenstadt , Hungary , Austrian Empire .	The son of Joseph Franz Weigl ( 1740–1820 ) , the principal cellist in the orchestra of the Esterházy family , he studied music under Johann Georg Albrechtsberger and Antonio Salieri .
VIIb/1 ) for him .	He was the father of Joseph Weigl ( 1766 - 1846 ) , the composer and conductor .
More recently , Hillis co-founded Applied Minds , the technology R & D think-tank .	Currently , he is co-founder of Applied Invention , an interdisciplinary group of engineers , scientists , and artists that develops technology solutions in partnership with leading companies and entrepreneurs .
James Polin `` Jim '' Gray ( born February 14 , 1945 ) is an American jurist and writer .	He was the presiding judge of the Superior Court of Orange County , California .
Later ... with Jools Holland ( previously known as ... Later with Jools Holland ) is a contemporary English music television show hosted by Jools Holland .	A spin-off of `` The Late Show '' , it has been running in short series since 1992 and is a part of BBC Two 's late-night line-up , usually at around 11 pm to 12 midnight .
The edge connector is a money-saving device because it only requires a single discrete female connector ( the male connector is formed out of the edge of the PCB ) , and they also tend to be fairly robust and durable .	They are commonly used in computers for expansion slots for peripheral cards , such as PCI , PCI Express , and AGP cards .
Okaya is located in central Nagano Prefecture at the outlet of Lake Suwa and the headwaters of the Tenryū River .	The area of present-day Okaya was part of ancient Shinano Province .
Iida is the southernmost city of Nagano Prefecture .	Mount Hijiri at is the highest elevation in the city .
The shores of Lake Suwa have been inhabited since at least the Japanese Paleolithic period .	The Suwa clan ruled the area since the Nara period , and the area developed as a castle town for Suwa Domain under the Edo period Tokugawa shogunate and as a post station on the Kōshū Kaidō highway .
Suzaka is located in northern Nagano Prefecture on the alluvial fan where the Matsukawa River joins the Chikuma River .	Suzaka is located in former Shinano Province and was a castle town for Suzaka Domain under the Edo period Tokugawa shogunate .
The highest mountain in Komoro is Mt.Kurofu ( ) .	Its peak is 2404m ( 7887ft ) above sea level .
The city was founded on July 1 , 1954 by the merger of the towns of Akaho and Miyata with the villages of Nakasawa and Ina ( all from Kamiina District .	Komagane has five public elementary schools and two public middle schools .
In 1998 in Sierra Leone Sandline had a contract with ousted President Kabbah and in Liberia in 2003 was involved in a rebel attempt to evict the then-president Charles Taylor near the end of the civil war .	Sandline ceased all operations on 16 April 2004 .
]	As of May 1 , 2015 , the ward has an estimated population of 322,731 , and a population density of 20,701 persons per km² .
She was the youngest daughter of the British king Edward VII and Alexandra of Denmark .	Maud of Wales was the first queen of Norway in over five centuries who was not also queen of Denmark or Sweden .
Ōmachi is located west of Nagano , the capital of Nagano Prefecture , in the of the prefecture .	The 3000 meter Northern Japanese Alps ( or Hida Mountains ) are to the west ranges to the west of the city and mountains of around 1000 meters form the eastern border .
The area is known for severe winters with heavy snowfall .	The Chikuma River ( the longest river in Japan ) runs through the centre of the area and becomes known as the Shinano River when it passes into Niigata Prefecture .
Chino city hall is located at an elevation of 801 meters , and is thus the highest city hall location in Japan .	The area of present-day Chino was part of ancient Shinano Province and was part of Suwa Domain under the Tokugawa shogunate in the Edo period .
Shiojiri is located in central Nagano Prefecture , in the southern end of the Matsumoto Basin .	Shiojiri is located in former Shinano Province , and as its name implies , was traditionally a centre for salt production .
Since the opening of Sakudaira Station on the Nagano Shinkansen , many people commute to Tokyo , which is one hour away .	Saku is located in former Shinano Province , and by the Sengoku period it was home to the Ochiai clan , a Samurai family that sided with Uesugi Kenshin during his conflict with Takeda Shingen in the 1550s .
The area of present-day Chikuma was part of ancient Shinano Province and has been settled since prehistoric times .	The Mori Shogunzukakofun , a mountaintop keyhole tomb dating from near the end of the Kofun period is one of the latest of its type in eastern Japan .
Jamie Reid ( born 1947 ) is an English artist and anarchist with connections to the Situationists .	His work , featuring letters cut from newspaper headlines in the style of a ransom note , came close to defining the image of punk rock , particularly in the UK .
Ōgaki is located in the northwest area of the Nōbi Plain in Gifu Prefecture and is known as being the most centrally-located city in Japan .	As a result of its 2006 merger with the town of Kamiishizu ( from Yōrō District ) , and the town of Sunomata ( from Anpachi District ) , the city consists of three disconnected regions , with Sunomata in the east , the original Ōgaki in the center , and Kamiishizu in the southwest .
The city is popularly known as Hida-Takayama ( 飛騨高山 ) in reference to the old Hida Province to differentiate it from other places named Takayama .	The name 'Takayama ' means 'tall mountain ' .
Tajimi is located on the southern border of Gifu Prefecture with Aichi Prefecture .	The Kiso River and the Shōnai River flow through the city .
Also as a result of the merger , the population center of population in Japan now is located in Sekiuchi ( former Mutsumi-cho area ) .	Mount Takinami is the highest point in the city , with an elevation of .
The city has a climate characterized by characterized by hot and humid summers , and mild winters ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) .	The average annual temperature in Nakatsugawa is 13.6 °C .
Its downtown core is known as Haney .	Maple Ridge was incorporated as a district municipality on September 12 , 1874 .
The city has a climate characterized by characterized by hot and humid summers , and mild winters ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) .	The average annual temperature in Mizunami is 14.8 °C .
Much o the city area is low-lying and subject to frequent flooding .	The city has a climate characterized by characterized by hot and humid summers , and mild winters ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) .
The city has a climate characterized by characterized by hot and humid summers , and mild winters ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) .	The average annual temperature in Ena is 13.9 °C .
The city has a climate characterized by hot and humid summers , and mild winters ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) .	The average annual temperature in Minokamo is 15.2 °C .
The city has a climate characterized by characterized by hot and humid summers , and mild winters ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) .	The average annual temperature in Toki is 14.9 °C .
Situated in the northern part of the Nōbi Plain , what is now Kakamigahara originally thrived as a post station on the Nakasendō highway connecting Edo with Kyoto , being called `` Unuma-juku '' at the time .	In more recent history , the city developed thanks to the JASDF Gifu base .
Kani is located in the south-central Gifu Prefecture , about 30 km from either Gifu city or Nagoya city , in the Kani basin.The Kiso River flows in the northern part of the city and roughly flat terrain continues to the Ota Basin on the opposite bank .	The eastern portion of the city is hilly , and has many golf courses ( golf courses occupy nearly 10 % of the city area ) .
The Nagara River and the Ibi River flow through the city .	Mino is surrounded by the city of Seki to the west , south and east , and by the city of Gujō to the north .
He was also the last to die of the 94 who voted against this act .	He participated in the famous television series which was produced and broadcast by the BBC .
Suicide Commando is a Belgian electro-industrial music act created by Johan Van Roy in 1986.. For live shows , it consists of Van Roy himself on vocals , Torben Schmidt on keyboards , and Mario Vaerewijck on drums .	Van Roy began experimenting with electronic music back in 1986 .
In the novel , much of which was originally published as a series of stories in `` Astounding Science Fiction '' magazine , hidden throughout a future America of 1972 are a group of incredibly gifted children — all approximately the same age , all preternaturally intelligent , and all hiding their incredible abilities from a world they know will not understand them .	These children were born to workers caught in an explosion at an atomic weapons facility , and orphaned just a few months after birth when their parents succumbed to delayed effects from the blast .
After World War II , the Protestant and Catholic movements of the Social Gospel and Neo-Thomism , respectively , played a role in shaping Christian democracy .	Christian democracy continues to be influential in Europe and Latin America , although it is also present in other parts of the world .
Chilliwack is the seat of the Fraser Valley Regional District and its second largest city .	This city is surrounded by mountains and recreational areas such as Cultus Lake and Chilliwack Lake Provincial Parks .
Of primary concern was the need for some amelioration of `` the misery and wretchedness pressing so unjustly on the majority of the working class . ''	It supported the rights of labor to form unions , rejected socialism and unrestricted capitalism , while affirming the right to private property .
Howard Chandler Robbins Landon ( March 6 , 1926November 20 , 2009 ) was an American musicologist , journalist , historian and broadcaster , best known for his work in rediscovering the huge body of neglected music by Haydn and in correcting misunderstandings about Mozart .	The son of a musician , Landon became enthusiastic about Haydn 's compositions in high school and was eager to pursue a career in Haydn scholarship .
The first Excalibur consisted of the British superhero Captain Britain , his lover Meggan , and several one-time members of the X-Men and related mutant teams .	An eponymous `` Excalibur '' series featuring the team lasted from 1988 until 1998 .
Amazing Adult Fantasy and its retitled final issue , Amazing Fantasy , is an American comic book anthology series published by Marvel Comics from 1961 through 1962 , with the latter title revived with superhero features in 1995 and in the 2000s .	The final 1960s issue , `` Amazing Fantasy '' # 15 ( cover-dated Aug. 1962 ) , introduced the popular superhero character Spider-Man .
It is the county seat and largest community of Norfolk County .	Simcoe is at the junction of Highway 3 , at Highway 24 , due south of Brantford , and accessible to Hamilton by nearby Highway 6 .
A well at the Porta Capena provided holy water for the yearly ceremony of Mercuralia .	According to 1st century AD writer Juvenal , the Porta Capena was frequented by beggars .
On July 1 , 2005 , Hamamatsu absorbed the cities of Tenryū and Hamakita , the town of Haruno ( from Shūchi District ) , the towns of Hosoe , Inasa and Mikkabi ( all from Inasa District ) , the towns of Misakubo and Sakuma , the village of Tatsuyama ( all from Iwata District ) , and the towns of Maisaka and Yūtō ( both from Hamana District ) to become the current and expanded city of Hamamatsu .	It became a city designated by government ordinance on April 1 , 2007 .
Mount Fuji , Japan 's tallest mountain , may also be seen from Numazu on clear days .	Numazu is located west of Tokyo and is on the Tōkaidō Main Line , the main railway line from Osaka to Tokyo .
The name `` Atami '' literally means `` hot ocean , '' a reference to the town 's famous `` onsen '' hot springs .	The city boundaries include the offshore island of Hatsushima .
Mishima has a humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) with hot summers and cool winters .	Precipitation is significant throughout the year , but is heaviest from June to September .
The average temperature is 15.6 degrees Celsius .	Much of the city lies within the borders of Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park .
Much of the city is part of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park .	Itō is located in eastern Shizuoka Prefecture , on the northeast corner of Izu Peninsula , facing Sagami Bay on the Pacific Ocean .
It is located on both banks of the Ōi River .	The area enjoys a warm maritime climate with hot , humid summers and mild , cool winters .
Located on the banks of the Fuji River , most of the city of Fuji enjoys good views of Mount Fuji , part of whose summit is within the city borders .	The city is bordered to the south by Suruga Bay on the Pacific Ocean .
Iwata is an ancient settlement , and contains the ruins of the Nara period provincial capital and Kokubun-ji of Tōtōmi province .	During the Edo period , it developed as a post station on the Tokaidō and contained Mitsuke-juku , one of the 53 stations on the road .
Repentigny is part of the Lanaudiere region .	It was founded in 1670 by Jean-Baptiste Le Gardeur , son of Seigneur Pierre Le Gardeur .
Yaizu is a noted port for commercial fishing .	The Japan Air Self-Defense Force Shizuhama Air Base is located in Yaizu .
Two major sub-projects , Wikijunior and Wikiversity , were created within Wikibooks before its official policy was later changed so that future incubator-type projects are started according to the Wikimedia Foundation 's new project policy .	In August 2006 , Wikiversity became an independent Wikimedia Foundation project .
It is bordered to the south by the Pacific Ocean .	Like most of Japan , Kakegawa 's population is almost exclusively Japanese .
St. Albert first received its town status in 1904 and was reached by the Canadian Northern Railway in 1906 .	Originally separated from Edmonton by several miles of farmland , the 1980s expansion of Edmonton 's city limits placed St. Albert immediately adjacent to the larger city on St. Albert 's south and east sides .
Fujieda is located in the Shida Plateau in central Shizuoka Prefecture between the Abe River and the Ōi River .	The area enjoys a warm maritime climate with hot , humid summers and mild , cool winters .
Located in far eastern Shizuoka Prefecture at an altitude of , Gotemba has a cool climate , characterized by high rainfall ( average per year ) .	Gotemba was the site of a `` shōen '' belonging to Ise Shrine in the Heian period .
As of March 2018 , the city had an estimated population of 86,602 and a population density of 799 persons per km² .	The total area was .
On July 1 , 2005 , Tenryū , along with the city of Hamakita , the town of Haruno ( from Shūchi District , the towns of Hosoe , Inasa and Mikkabi ( all from Inasa District ) , the towns of Sakuma and Misakubo , the village of Tatsuyama ( all from Iwata District ) , and the towns of Maisaka and Yūtō ( both from Hamana District ) , was merged into the expanded city of Hamamatsu .	Tenryū was served by two railway lines : Nishi-Kajima Station on the Enshū Railway Line and Tenryū-Futamata Station on the Tenryū Hamanako Railroad Tenryū Hamanako Line .
On April 1 , 2005 , the city had an estimated population of 86,653 and a density of 1,300.00 persons per km .	The total area was 66.64 km .
Shizuoka Prefecture	Kanagawa Prefecture
The name of the city means `` west of the lake '' , in reference to its location near Lake Hamana .	The city is bordered to the south by the Enshū Gulf of Pacific Ocean .
Coquitlam borders it on the north , the Coquitlam River borders it on the west , and the city of Pitt Meadows lies across the Pitt River .	Port Coquitlam is almost entirely bisected by Lougheed Highway .
It was initially produced by Corbin Motors and now by Myers Motors .	It is a personal electric vehicle ( PEV ) .
He was also founding member of the Alliance of Free Democrats ( SZDSZ ) and Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary ( de facto Acting President ) before becoming President .	He was Hungary 's first freely elected head of state , as well as the first in 42 years who was not a Communist or a fellow traveler .
Supertone Records were marketed by Sears , Roebuck & Co. in 1924 and again in 1929–1931 .	The Chicago store Straus & Schram Company produced a separate Supertone series between 1925 and 1928 .
In 2010 , the city had an estimated population of 372,357 and a population density of 991.88 persons per km .	The total area was .
Ichinomiya is situated in western Aichi Prefecture , bordered by Gifu Prefecture to the west .	Ichinomiya literally means `` the first shrine '' of the province .
The total area was .	It is located about 35 minutes from Nagoya by way of the Meitetsu Seto Line .
The total area was .	Handa is located in northeastern Chita Peninsula in southern Aichi Prefecture , and is bordered by Mikawa Bay to the east .
The total area was .	Former Nagoya Airport , is located between Kasugai and neighboring Komaki .
The area of modern Toyokawa was settled in prehistoric times .	During the Nara period , the kokubunji of Mikawa Province was established in 741 .
The majority of people live in the center of the city .	Factories , farms , and harbors occupy the coast .
Kariya is situated in central Aichi Prefecture .	Kariya was a castle town in the Sengoku period , in an area contested between the Imagawa clan , Oda clan and various local warlords , including the Mizuno clan and Matsudaira clan .
Toyota is located in north-central Aichi Prefecture , and is the largest city in the prefecture in terms of area .	The city area is mountainous to the north , with peaks averaging around 1000 meters in height along its northern border with Nagano and Gifu Prefectures .
As of May 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 183,217 and a population density of 2,130 persons per km .	The total area was .
He was married to actress Jacqui Manzano ( born March 31 , 1981 ) with four children : Mikaela , Andee , Jaime and Nathan .	He is a member of Scouts Royale Brotherhood ( SRB ) International Service Fraternity and Sorority under the banner of the Alpha Delta Chapter .
The town includes several small villages or settlements such as Norval , Limehouse , Stewarttown and Glen Williams near Georgetown and another large population centre , Acton .	In 2016 , the population of Georgetown was 42,123 .
As of May 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 166,278 of which some 5,800 are foreign residents .	The total area was and the population density is 1,030 persons per km² .
, the city has an estimated population of 81,332 and a population density of 1,430 persons per km² .	The total area was .
Named after the 16th-century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria , the ship had a gross register tonnage of 29,100 and a capacity of about 1,200 passengers and 500 crew .	For a country attempting to rebuild its economy and reputation after World War II , `` Andrea Doria '' was an icon of Italian national pride .
A miniseries is distinguished from an ongoing television series ; the latter do not usually have a predetermined number of episodes and may continue for several years .	Before the term was coined in the USA in the early 1970s , the ongoing episodic form was always called a `` serial '' , just as a novel appearing in episodes in successive editions of magazines or newspapers is called a serial .
Tom Johnson ( born November 18 , 1939 in Greeley , Colorado ) , is an American minimalist composer , a former student of Morton Feldman .	Tom Johnson received two degrees from Yale , the B.A .
The whole is usually a single , tall and heavy piece of furniture .	Like the slant top desk , the main work surface is a hinged piece of wood which is flat when open and oblique when raised to enclose secondary work surfaces such as small shelves , small drawers and nooks stacked in front of the user .
Patrick won six Stanley Cups as a player , coach and manager .	The son of a wealthy lumberman , Patrick was a great rover and defenceman who first came to prominence in 1900 when he played for McGill University .
The SK signal is actually the 57 kHz subcarrier that is transmitted by the ARI-compliant FM station for this functionality .	This frequency , like the RDS subcarrier frequency is chosen because it is the third harmonic of the 19 kHz pilot tone used in the FM-stereo transmission standard .
Wanda Tinasky , ostensibly a bag lady living under a bridge in the Mendocino County area of Northern California , was the pseudonymous author of a series of playful , comic and erudite letters sent to the `` Mendocino Commentary '' and `` Anderson Valley Advertiser '' between 1983 and 1988 .	These letters were later collected and published as `` The Letters of Wanda Tinasky '' .
He plays many types of saxophone ( soprano , alto , tenor , baritone , bass , contrabass , sopranino , C-melody , mezzo-soprano ) and clarinet ( E-flat , B-flat , contrabass ) , in addition to flute , alto flute , and piano .	Braxton studied philosophy at Roosevelt University .
The larger genera include `` Cuphea '' ( 275 spp .	) , `` Lagerstroemia '' ( 56 ) , `` Nesaea '' ( 50 ) , `` Rotala '' ( 45 ) , and `` Lythrum '' ( 35 ) .
The genus is named after the Swedish merchant Magnus von Lagerström , a director of the Swedish East India Company who supplied Carl Linnaeus with plants he collected .	These flowering trees are beautifully colored and are often planted both privately and commercially as ornamentals .
Rutland is a town in Rutland County , Vermont , in the United States .	The population was 4,054 at the 2010 census .
It is located approximately north of the Massachusetts state line and east of the New York state line .	Rutland is the third largest city in the state of Vermont after Burlington and South Burlington .
The town is part of the Rutland micropolitan NECTA .	West Rutland has many small businesses , many of which are found on Marble Street , the town 's main street .
Video game music is the soundtrack that accompanies video games .	Early video game music was once limited to simple melodies of early sound synthesizer technology .
and the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel .	`` Tehanu '' continues the stories of Tenar , the heroine of the second book of the `` Earthsea '' series `` The Tombs of Atuan '' , and Ged , the hero of the first book , `` A Wizard of Earthsea '' .
He has also applied these techniques in attempting to uncover mysterious authors of some high-profile contemporary texts .	As several of these were in the context of criminal investigations , Foster was sometimes labeled a `` forensic linguist '' .
The mission was part of the Soviet Union 's Almaz program to evaluate the military applications of human spaceflight .	The mission 's crew members were cosmonauts Yuri Artyukhin and Pavel Popovich .
Robert Joseph Cousy ( , born August 9 , 1928 ) is an American retired professional basketball player .	Cousy played point guard with the Boston Celtics from 1950 to 1963 and briefly with the Cincinnati Royals in the 1969–70 season .
Yury Petrovich Artyukhin ( ; June 22 , 1930 – August 4 , 1998 ) was a Soviet Russian cosmonaut and engineer who made a single flight into space .	Artyukhin graduated from the Soviet Air Force Institute with a doctorate in engineering , specializing in military communication systems .
`` Maude '' stars Beatrice Arthur as Maude Findlay , an outspoken , middle-aged , politically liberal woman living in suburban Tuckahoe , Westchester County , New York , with her fourth husband , household appliance store owner Walter Findlay ( Bill Macy ) .	Maude embraces the tenets of women 's liberation , always votes for Democratic Party candidates , and advocates for civil rights and racial and gender equality .
The city population was estimated to be an increase from 47,000 in 2001 .	The Māori iwi Ngāpuhi occupied Whangarei from the early 19th century , and the Te Parawhau hapū lived at the head of the harbour .
On July 14 , 1958 , when Colonel Abdul Karim Qassim took control of the Kingdom of Iraq by a `` coup d'état '' , the royal family was ordered to leave the palace in Baghdad : King Faisal II ; Crown Prince 'Abd al-Ilah ; Princess Hiyam , Abdul Ilah 's wife ; Princess Nafissa ; Abdul Ilah ’ s mother , Princess Abdiya , the king ’ s maternal aunt ; and several servants .	When they all arrived in the courtyard , they were told to turn towards the palace wall , and they were all shot down by Captain Abdus Sattar As Sab ’ , a member of the coup led by Colonel Abd al-Karim Qasim .
New Zealanders often call it the Far North , or , because of its mild climate , the Winterless North .	The main population centre is the city of Whangarei and the largest town is Kerikeri .
It is an idiomatic translation of the original languages of the Bible .	`` The Message '' was translated by Peterson from the original languages .
Hemu had conquered the states of Delhi and Agra a few months earlier by defeating the Mughals led by Tardi Beg Khan at the Battle of Delhi and proclaimed himself Raja Vikramaditya .	Akbar and his guardian , Bairam Khan who lost Agra and Delhi , had marched to Panipat to reclaim the lost territories .
His television credits include a leading role as Phillip Drummond in the sitcom `` Diff'rent Strokes '' and as Dr. Arthur Harmon on `` Maude '' .	Conrad Bain was born in Lethbridge , Alberta , the son of Jean Agnes ( née Young ) and Stafford Harrison Bain ,
The North Shore is part of the urban area of Auckland , New Zealand , located to the north of the Waitematā Harbour .	The North Shore was formerly North Shore City , a distinct territorial authority district , which was governed by the North Shore City Council from 1989 until 2010 , when it was incorporated into Auckland Council .
Eddi-Rue McClanahan was born in Healdton , Oklahoma , on February 21 , 1934 .	She was the daughter of Dreda Rheua-Nell ( Medaris ; 1912 – 1973 ) , a beautician , and William Edwin `` Bill '' McClanahan ( 1908 – 1999 ) , a building contractor .
Brown Stadium in Battle Creek , Michigan , home .	The franchise had previously been located in Madison , Wisconsin , in 1994 where they were called the Madison Hatters .
Barbeau came to prominence in the 1970s as Broadway 's original Rizzo in the musical `` Grease '' , and as Carol Traynor , the divorced daughter of Maude Findlay ( played by Beatrice Arthur ) on the sitcom `` Maude '' ( 1972–1978 ) .	In 1980 she began appearing in horror and science fiction films , including `` The Fog '' ( 1980 ) , `` Creepshow '' ( 1982 ) , `` Swamp Thing '' ( 1982 ) and `` Escape from New York '' ( 1981 ) .
In April 2008 , Reiser was convicted of the first-degree murder of his wife , Nina Reiser , who disappeared in September 2006 .	He subsequently pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of second-degree murder , as part of a settlement agreement that included disclosing the location of his wife 's body , which he revealed to be in a shallow grave near the couple 's home .
The genus name is from Ancient Greek `` kalidris '' or `` skalidris '' , a term used by Aristotle for some grey-coloured waterside birds .	The specific `` ruficollis '' is from Latin `` rufus '' , `` red '' and `` collum '' , `` neck '' .
Tāwhiao ( Tūkāroto Matutaera Pōtatau Te Wherowhero Tāwhiao ; c. 1822 - 26 August 1894 ) was leader of the Waikato tribes , the second Māori King and a religious visionary .	He was a member of the Ngāti Mahuta iwi ( tribe ) of Waikato .
The Laplace transform is a powerful integral transform used to switch a function from the time domain to the s-domain .	The Laplace transform can be used in some cases to solve linear differential equations with given initial conditions .
Biggar is a town in central Saskatchewan , Canada .	It is located on Highway 14 , west of Saskatoon , the province 's most populous city .
The stadium was built in the time of Rajarshi Shahu Maharaj and is almost a hundred year old stadium .	And this is heritage site also .
Without the dongle , the software may run only in a restricted mode , or not at all .	When used as a device attached to a computer or TV or gaming console , dongles can enable functions that would not be present without it .
Harlan was the son of Silas and Mary ( Connolly ) Harlan .	Born on August 26 , 1820 in Clark County , Illinois and raised in Indiana , Harlan attended local schools as a boy .
Emilio Estevez ( ; born May 12 , 1962 ) is an American actor , director , and writer .	He is the brother of actor Charlie Sheen .
The district was , in its last period , led by mayor Penny Webster and 12 councillors .	Auckland Council has governed the area since 1 November 2010 .
Originally Queer Eye for the Straight Guy , the title was later shortened to broaden the overall scope .	The series was created by executive producers David Collins and Michael Williams along with David Metzler through their company , Scout Productions .
It stars Winona Ryder , Ethan Hawke and Stiller , with supporting roles by Janeane Garofalo and Steve Zahn .	The plot follows Lelaina ( Ryder ) , an aspiring videographer working on a documentary called `` Reality Bites '' about the disenfranchised lives of her friends and roommates .
Kaipara District Council shares management of the harbour with various other organisations , most notably Northland Regional Council ( in the north ) and Auckland Council to the south .	The roughly triangular district stretches from a thinning of the Northland Peninsula south of Kaiwaka and Mangawhai in the southeast to the Waipoua Forest in the northwest .
As the only American-designed , mass-produced passenger car with a rear-mounted , air-cooled engine , the Corvair was manufactured and marketed in two-door coupe , convertible , four-door sedan , four-door station wagon , passenger van , commercial van , and pickup truck body styles in its first generation ( 1960-1964 ) as well as two-door coupe , convertible and four-door sedan in its second generation ( 1965-1969 ) .	Competitors included the Volkswagen Beetle , Ford Falcon , Plymouth Valiant , Studebaker Lark , and the Rambler American .
The area was originally a small independent city , until it became `` Papakura District '' in the 1989 reorganisation of New Zealand 's local governments , and has now been overtaken by Auckland 's urban sprawl .	The district is flanked by beaches on the Manukau Harbour to the west , Manukau City to the north and east , and had Franklin District to the south .
The genus name is from Ancient Greek `` kalidris '' or `` skalidris '' , a term used by Aristotle for some grey-coloured waterside birds .	Temminck 's stint is one of the species to which the `` Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds '' ( AEWA ) applies .
Croft is a village and civil parish in Warrington , England , about four miles north of Warrington town centre .	At the 2001 Census it had a population of 2,920 .
Nevertheless , most jurisdictions allow marriage at a younger age with parental or judicial approval , and some also allow younger people to marry if the female is pregnant .	Until recently , the marriageable age for women was lower in many jurisdictions than for men , but in many places has now been raised to those of men .
Joyce Anne DeWitt ( born April 23 , 1949 ) is an American actress most famous for playing Janet Wood on the ABC sitcom `` Three 's Company '' .	Joyce DeWitt was born April 23 , 1949 in Wheeling , West Virginia , and grew up in Speedway , Indiana , a suburb of Indianapolis .
In computing , Resource Directory Description Language ( RDDL ) is an extension of XHTML Basic 1.0 .	An RDDL document , called a Resource Directory , provides a package of information about some target .
In the United States , the sample is determined by Consumer Expenditure Surveys conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics .	The price collection is conducted by data collectors on a monthly basis , and is processed further by commodity specialists .
Niklas Zennström ( ; born 16 February 1966 ) is a Swedish billionaire entrepreneur best known for founding several high-profile online ventures with Janus Friis including Skype and Kazaa .	More recently he founded the technology investment firm Atomico and has become a significant figurehead for entrepreneurs in the tech sector .
Lexigrams were notably used by the Georgia State University Language Research Center to communicate with bonobos and chimpanzees .	Researchers and primates were able to communicate using lexigram boards made in up to three panels with a total of 384 keys .
Ogive curves and surfaces are used in engineering , architecture and woodworking .	The earliest use of the word `` ogive '' is found in the 13th century sketchbook of Villard de Honnecourt , from Picardy in northern France .
It is regarded as a Corsican–Sardinian language because of Sassari 's historic ties ( and neighborhood ) with Tuscany and Corsica .	Despite the heavy Sardinian influences ( especially in the vocabulary and phonetics ) , it still keeps its Tuscan roots , which closely relate it to Gallurese .
Campidanese also extends into parts of the Province of Nuoro , notably the Ogliastra area and in the southern half of the Province of Oristano , the capital included .	However , it is at this point that the language merges into Logudorese .
Its main base was the Boryspil Airport .	The airline was established in March 1994 and started operations in April the same year with international flights from Kiev in co-operation with Air Ukraine .
Gnaeus Pompeius ( ca .	75 BC – 12 April 45 BC ) , also known as Pompey the Younger ( sometimes spelled Cneius , Gneius ) , was a Roman politician and general from the late Republic ( 1st century BC ) .
The Alliance positioned itself as a democratic socialist alternative to the centre-left New Zealand Labour Party .	It was influential throughout the 1990s , but suffered a major setback after its founder and leader , Jim Anderton , left the party in 2002 , taking with him several of its members of parliament ( MPs ) .
GODI is derived from the NetBSD pkgsrc system .	The acronym GODI simultaneously stands for both `` Gerd Ocaml DIstribution '' and `` General Ocaml DIstribution '' , Gerd being the first name of the project 's initiator , Gerd Stolpmann .
A goði or gothi ( plural goðar ) is an Old Norse term for a chieftain-priest .	Gyðja is the female form .
The Sunset District is an affluent neighborhood located in the west-central area of San Francisco , California , United States .	It is the largest neighborhood in the West Of Twin Peaks Neighborhoods in San Francisco .
Soon after Endō was born in Tokyo in 1923 , his family moved to Dalian , part of the Kwantung Leased Territory in Manchuria .	When his parents divorced in 1933 , Endō 's mother brought him back to Japan to live with an aunt in Kobe .
It concerns Louis D'Ascoyne Mazzini , the son of a woman disowned by her aristocratic family for marrying out of her social class .	After her death Louis decides to take revenge on the family , and to take the dukedom , by murdering the eight people ahead of him in succession to the title .
The inscription is the Islamic creed , or `` shahada '' : `` There is no god but God ; Muhammad is the Messenger of God '' .	The Arabic inscription on the flag , written in the calligraphic Thuluth script , is the `` shahada '' or Islamic declaration of faith :
After the war he served as the fifth Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , having been appointed by President John Kennedy .	He is the father of biographer and historian John Maxwell Taylor and military historian and author Thomas Taylor .
Chromaticity consists of two independent parameters , often specified as hue ( h ) and colorfulness ( s ) , where the latter is alternatively called saturation , chroma , intensity , or excitation purity .	This number of parameters follows from trichromacy of vision of most humans , which is assumed by most models in color science .
Gavin Adrian Wanganeen ( born 18 June 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Port Adelaide in both the AFL and the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .	Wanganeen won the 1993 Brownlow Medal .
This name is Old English and means 'Creoda 's Hill ' ( in 1086 it was listed in the Domesday Book as `` Crededone '' ) .	`` Crendon '' was the caput of the feudal honour held by Walter Giffard ( died 1102 ) , created Earl of Buckingham by William the Conqueror .
These are woody plants with opposite or whorled leaves ( but not decussate ) , with insect-pollinated flowers having a nectary disc and typically five petals .	This family is now placed in the order Malpighiales , though under the Cronquist system , they formed an order in themselves ( Rhizophorales ) .
Adam Roy Goodes ( born 8 January 1980 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans team in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .	Goodes holds an elite place in VFL/AFL history as a dual Brownlow Medallist , dual premiership player , four-time All-Australian , member of the Indigenous Team of the Century and representative of Australia in the International Rules Series .
Symptoms include trouble seeing at night and decreased peripheral vision ( side vision ) .	Onset of symptoms is generally gradual .
865 ) was the founding Jarl ( or Earl ) of Møre in Norway , and a close relative and ally of Harald Fairhair , the earliest known King of Norway .	In the Norse language he is known as Rognvaldr Eysteinsson and in modern Norwegian as Ragnvald Mørejarl .
He represented his home state at elite level and at the peak of his career in 1993 he was acknowledged as one of the league 's best with All Australian status in 1993 .	However he left a financially struggling Fitzroy to become a prize recruit for a new look Brisbane Bears after the club 's move from the Gold Coast .
Sir Edward Poynings KG ( 1459 – 22 October 1521 ) was an English soldier , administrator and diplomat , and Lord Deputy of Ireland under King Henry VII of England .	Edward Poynings was the only son of Sir Robert Poynings ( c.1419–1461 ) and Elizabeth Paston ( 1429 ? –1487/8 ) , the only daughter of William Paston ( 1378–1444 ) .
He has held seven Ministerial portfolios since the Victorian Labor Party took government at the 1999 election .	Madden was Minister for Youth Affairs and Minister Assisting the Minister for Planning from 1999–2002 , Minister for Sport and Recreation from October 1999 to December 2006 , Minister for Commonwealth Games from February 2002 to December 2006 , Minister for Planning from 2006 - December 2010 and Minister for the Respect Agenda from January 2010 to December of the same year .
Mikhail Leontyevich Mil ( ; 22 November 1909 – 31 January 1970 ) , aerospace engineer , scientist .	Founder and general designer of the Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant .
The coastline stretches for about .	It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the north , the Red Sea to the west , the Gulf of Aden and Guardafui Channel to the south , and the Arabian Sea and Oman to the east .
He became well known for his tabloid nickname , `` Dirty Den '' .	Den is the original landlord of The Queen Victoria .
Rather , they argue that psychological concepts of behaviour and experience should be judged by how well they reduce to the biological level .	Other versions entail the non-existence of conscious mental states such as pain and visual perceptions .
Regional air carrier Air Tahiti and international air carrier Air Tahiti Nui both have their head offices located at the airport .	Fa'a'ā International Airport is relatively small .
Lazarus 's contribution was solicited by fundraiser William Maxwell Evarts .	Initially she refused but writer Constance Cary Harrison convinced her that the statue would be of great significance to immigrants sailing into the harbor .
Munro Ferguson was elected to the House of Commons in 1884 , defeated a year later , and re-elected in 1886 .	A Liberal Imperialist , he was an ally of Lord Rosebery and served as a Junior Lord of the Treasury in his government .
All business is conducted from the main office in Los Angeles , USA .	The company owns rights to many IPs , the most famous of which is Conan the Barbarian as created by pulp author Robert E. Howard and expanded upon by many other authors over the years .
Saale-Holzland ( official German name : Saale-Holzland-Kreis ) is a `` Kreis '' ( district ) in the east of Thuringia , Germany .	Neighboring districts are ( from the north clockwise ) the district Burgenlandkreis in Saxony-Anhalt , the district-free city Gera , the districts Greiz , Saale-Orla , Saalfeld-Rudolstadt , Weimarer Land and the district-free city Jena .
There are an estimated 2 million ethnic Polynesians worldwide , vast majority of whom inhabit independent Polynesian nation states ( Samoa , Niue , Cook Islands , Tonga and Tuvalu ) and form minorities in Australia , Chile ( Easter Island ) , New Zealand , France ( French Polynesia and Wallis and Futuna ) , United Kingdom ( Pitcairn Islands ) and the United States ( Hawaii and American Samoa ) .	Polynesians , including Samoans , Tongans , Niueans , Cook Islands Māori , Tahitian Mā'ohi , Hawaiian Māoli , Marquesans and New Zealand Māori , are a subset of the Austronesian peoples .
It is the only city in West Sussex and is its county town .	It has a long history as a settlement from Roman times and was important in Anglo-Saxon times .
Deptford Bridge is a light metro station on the Docklands Light Railway ( DLR ) Bank-Lewisham Line in Deptford , south-east London .	The station is elevated above both local roads and Deptford Creek , and is adjacent to Lewisham College and Deptford market .
Knaresborough Castle is Norman ; around 1100 , the town began to grow and provide a market and attract traders to service the castle .	The present parish church , St John 's , was established around this time .
Deptford is a National Rail station in Deptford in London , England .	It is on the North Kent Line , down the line from , and has staggered platforms on the London Bridge – Greenwich Railway Viaduct , a high brick viaduct on which the line runs at this point , above High Street , Deptford .
In philosophy , supervenience refers to a relation between sets of properties or sets of facts .	X is said to supervene on Y if and only if some difference in Y is necessary for any difference in X to be possible .
Also criticized are :	It is usually difficult to practice anti-competitive practices unless the parties involved have significant market power or government backing .
The castle was once integrated with the Halltorps royal estate .	The agricultural landscape of southern Öland , which is known as the Stora Alvaret or Great Alvar , has been entered as a site of the UNESCO World heritage program .
The coastal areas are mainly English-speaking , however there are many Welsh-speaking communities in the Valleys to the north of the borough .	The county borough borders the other principal areas of Bridgend and Rhondda Cynon Taff to the east , Powys and Carmarthenshire to the north and Swansea to the west .
The county borough borders Merthyr Tydfil and Caerphilly to the east , Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan to the south , Bridgend and Neath Port Talbot to the west and Powys to the north .	Its principal towns are - Aberdare , Llantrisant with Talbot Green and Pontypridd , with other key settlements/towns being - Maerdy , Ferndale , Hirwaun , Llanharan , Mountain Ash , Porth , Tonypandy , Tonyrefail and Treorchy .
Satellite TV is not common , although many housing estates have dishes and re-distribute a limited number of free channels through coaxial cables .	The dominant broadcaster is TVB .
Alsop always wanted to be an architect , even before he really knew what architects did ; when he was six years old , he designed a house for his mother to live in – its most striking specification was that it had to be built in New Zealand .	When he was 16 his father , an accountant , died , and being bored with school he left to work for an architect , doing his A-levels at evening classes .
Srirangam is home to a significant population of Srivaishnavites ( followers of Lord Vishnu ) .	Srirangam is famous for its Sri Ranganathaswamy Temple , a major pilgrimage destination for Hindus ( especially Srivaishnavites ) and the largest temple complex in India .
It is a striking building best imagined as an inverted capital letter 'L ' , with the upper part supported by thin steel pillars set at apparently random angles .	The exterior is clad with pre-patinated copper .
In Levantine , South Caucasian , and Balkan cuisines , meze is often served at the beginning of multi-course meals .	The word is found in all the cuisines of the former Ottoman Empire and comes from Persian ( ' `` taste , snack '' < ' `` to taste '' ) .
The church became collegiate in the tenth century , and acted as a mother church within the large Diocese of York for the remainder of the Middle Ages .	.
The language , long extinct now , is attested in cuneiform , in records dating from the 16th ( Anitta text ) to the 13th centuries BC , with isolated Hittite loanwords and numerous personal names appearing in an Old Assyrian context from as early as the 20th century BC .	By the Late Bronze Age , Hittite had started losing ground to its close relative Luwian .
Torfaen ( meaning `` break-stone '' ) is an old name for the river – today called Afon Lwyd ( `` grey river '' ) – which flows through the county borough from its source north of Blaenavon southward through Abersychan , Pontypool , and Cwmbran .	Torfaen is bordered by the county of Monmouthshire to the east , the city of Newport to the south , and the county boroughs of Caerphilly and Blaenau Gwent to , respectively , the south-west and north-west .
According to Cardiff Council , the creation of Cardiff Bay is now widely regarded as one of the most successful regeneration projects in the United Kingdom .	Cardiff Bay is supplied by two rivers ( Taff and Ely ) to form a freshwater lake around the former dockland area south of the city centre .
The northernmost of the Greenwich DLR stations , Cutty Sark is located in the Maritime Greenwich district of south-eastern London .	Its name comes from the clipper ship named Cutty Sark which is housed 200 metres to the north of the station ; in 2007 the ship was severely damaged in a fire that occurred during restoration .
Its main towns are Abertillery , Brynmawr , Ebbw Vale and Tredegar .	Its highest point is Coity Mountain at .
While a student he was an active protest organizer for the Congress of Racial Equality and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the civil rights movement .	A self-described democratic socialist and progressive , Sanders is pro-labor and emphasizes reversing economic inequality .
The word `` Acadiana '' reputedly has two origins .	Its first recorded appearance dates to the mid-1950s , when a Crowley , Louisiana , newspaper , the `` Crowley Daily Signal '' , coined the term in reference to Acadia Parish , Louisiana .
A majority of five judges held that a New York law requiring that bakery employee hours had to be under 10 hours a day and 60 hours a week violated the due process clause , which in their view contained a right of `` freedom of contract . ''	They said there was `` unreasonable , unnecessary and arbitrary interference with the right and liberty of the individual to contract . ''
The son of Danish immigrants , Gutzon Borglum was born in 1867 in St. Charles in what was then Idaho Territory .	Borglum was a child of Mormon polygamy .
In mathematics , a generalized hypergeometric series is a power series in which the ratio of successive coefficients indexed by `` n '' is a rational function of `` n '' .	The series , if convergent , defines a generalized hypergeometric function , which may then be defined over a wider domain of the argument by analytic continuation .
The first streltsy units were created by Ivan the Terrible sometime between 1545 and 1550 and armed with arquebuses .	During his reign , Russia was fighting wars almost continuously , including the Livonian War in the North and wars against the Khanates in the South .
During the feast Demodocus sings about the disagreement between Odysseus and Achilles at Troy .	Everyone enjoys the singing except for Odysseus who bursts into tears because of the pain and suffering of which the song reminds him .
Montbard is a small industrial town on the river Brenne .	The `` Forges de Buffon '' , ironworks established by Buffon , are located in the nearby village of Buffon .
It marked the first major combat operation for the Afghan troops .	The Operation was completed in mid-September .
It was written in English in January 1965 and first performed ( in German ) at the Schillertheater , Berlin on 14 January 1966 .	Its English language premiere was at the Peacock Theatre , Dublin on 28 February 1966 , and its British premiere was at the Royal Festival Hall in London on 9 December 1968 .
The three-city exhibition started in New York City 's 69th Regiment Armory , on Lexington Avenue between 25th and 26th Streets , from February 17 until March 15 , 1913 .	The exhibition went on to show at the Art Institute of Chicago and then to The Copley Society of Art in Boston , where , due to a lack of space , all the work by American artists was removed .
Ohio Impromptu is a `` playlet '' by Samuel Beckett .	Written in English in 1980 , it began as a favour to S.E .
This species is native to most wooded environments of its distribution , and more so than any other owl in its range , has adapted well to manmade development , although it frequently avoids detection due to its strictly nocturnal habits .	Adults range from in length and weigh .
In 1931 Max Nicholson wrote :	In the United States , Hungary , Holland and elsewhere a clearing-house for research is provided by the state : in this country such a solution would be uncongenial , and we must look for some alternative centre of national scope not imposed from above but built up from below .
The Edward Grey Institute ( EGI ) was founded in 1938 , having grown out of the Oxford Bird Census , itself founded in 1927 .	It was the brainchild of Max Nicholson , Bernard Tucker , and Wilfred ( 'W .
an algebraic fraction such that both the numerator and the denominator are polynomials .	The coefficients of the polynomials need not be rational numbers ; they may be taken in any field `` K '' .
Krapp 's Last Tape is a one-act play , in English , by Samuel Beckett .	With a cast of one man , it was written for Northern Irish actor Patrick Magee and first titled `` Magee monologue '' .
The basic format of the show is that of a conventional panel game .	The hosts ( Reeves and Mortimer ) ask questions of the two teams with points awarded for `` correct '' answers ; however , scoring is largely arbitrary .
This situates a first version , written in French [ as `` Fragment de théâtre II '' ] and different from that eventually published in 1976 as between the English plays `` Krapp 's Last Tape '' and `` Embers '' . ”	Two bureaucrats , first Bertrand ( A ) and then Morvan ( B ) enter a sixth floor apartment where they find Croker ( C ) standing centre stage in front of an open window with his back to the audience , clearly on the point of throwing himself out of it .
The subsequent recapture or recovery of the bird can provide information on migration , longevity , mortality , population , territoriality , feeding behavior , and other aspects that are studied by ornithologists .	Other methods of marking birds may also be used to allow for field based identification that does not require capture .
Winnie is embedded waist-deep in a low mound under blazing light , with a large black bag beside her .	She is awakened by a piercing bell and begins her daily routine with a prayer .
Females are larger than males and northern populations are notably larger than southern populations .	Adults are larger than whiskered screech owls , with larger feet and a more streaked plumage pattern .
These trials were held before US military courts , not before the International Military Tribunal , but took place in the same rooms at the Palace of Justice .	The trials are collectively known as the `` Subsequent Nuremberg Trials '' , formally the `` Trials of War Criminals before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals '' ( NMT ) .
John Graham of Claverhouse , 1st Viscount Dundee ( c. 21 July 1648 – 27 July 1689 ) , known as the 7th Laird of Claverhouse until raised to the viscountcy in 1688 , was a Scottish soldier and nobleman , a Tory and an Episcopalian .	Claverhouse was responsible for policing south-west Scotland during and after the religious unrest and rebellion of the 1670s/80s .
It was dedicated to then imprisoned Czech reformer and playwright , Václav Havel .	An autocratic Director and his female Assistant put the “ ‘ [ f ] inal touches to the last scene ’ of some kind of dramatic presentation ” , which consists entirely of a man ( The Protagonist ) standing still onstage .
It is the largest species of cormorant known to have existed .	The species was first identified by Georg Steller in 1741 on Vitus Bering 's disastrous second Kamchatka expedition .
At the 2011 Census , it had a population of 9,643 .	Its location at the northwestern fringe of the city of Leicester effectively makes it a suburb , although it is politically and administratively separate .
Forming a civil parish , the 2011 census put the population of Hertford at about 26,000 .	The earliest reference to the town appears in the `` Ecclesiastical History of the English People '' , written by Bede in 731 AD , which refers to `` '' Herutford '' '' .
Technological utopianism ( often called techno-utopianism or technoutopianism ) is any ideology based on the premise that advances in science and technology could and should bring about a utopia , or at least help to fulfill one or another utopian ideal .	A techno-utopia is therefore an ideal society , in which laws , government , and social conditions are solely operating for the benefit and well-being of all its citizens , set in the near- or far-future , as advanced science and technology will allow these ideal living standards to exist ; for example , post-scarcity , transformations in human nature , the avoidance or prevention of suffering and even the end of death .
It was invented by Conrad Bahr in 1918 while working for the New York City Water Department .	It was designed to prevent overtightening bolts on water main and steam pipe repairs underground .
The Mist Trail is one of the most popular short hikes in Yosemite National Park , California , USA .	The steep hike follows the Merced River , starting at Happy Isles in Yosemite Valley , past Vernal Fall and Emerald Pool , to Nevada Fall .
Much of the river has been canalised to provide a navigable route for boats into eastern Hertfordshire , known as the Lee Navigation .	While the lower Lea remains somewhat polluted , its upper stretch and tributaries , classified as chalk streams , are a major source of drinking water for London .
Charley Jr. quit school , so he could go to work , in order to support his mother and brother .	Eventually the call of the stage beckoned him , and Charley Jr. left home at age 16 to travel the vaudeville circuit as a singer and comedic performer .
Since 2000 , it has served as the home of the San Francisco Giants , the city 's Major League Baseball ( MLB ) franchise .	Originally named Pacific Bell Park , then SBC Park in 2003 after SBC Communications acquired Pacific Bell , the stadium was ultimately christened AT & T Park in 2006 , following AT & T 's buyout of SBC .
To be included , the power outage must conform to `` all '' of the following criteria :	In other words :
United Kingdom railway stations are grouped into one of a number of categories , ranging from A—national hub to F—small unstaffed bare platform .	Many of the principal central London stations are managed by Network Rail and together form a London station group .
It is exactly 13 minutes , 14 seconds long .	The work , routinely described as `` the first masterpiece of electronic music '' ( ; ) and `` an opus , in the most emphatic sense of the term '' , is significant in that it seamlessly integrates electronic sounds with the human voice by means of matching voice resonances with pitch and creating sounds of phonemes electronically .
He was best known for portraying Tiberius in `` I , Claudius '' , and Inspector Wexford in `` The Ruth Rendell Mysteries '' .	Baker was born in Varna , Bulgaria .
Kurt Ernst Carl Schumacher ( 13 October 1895 – 20 August 1952 ) was a German social democratic politician , who served as chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany from 1946 and was the first Leader of the Opposition in the West German `` Bundestag '' from 1949 until his death in 1952 .	An opponent of Chancellor Konrad Adenauer 's government , but an even stronger opponent of the East German Socialist Unity Party and communism in general , he was one of the founding fathers of post-war German democracy .
It has a governance and funding model based on memberships from Member States of the European Union , international corporations , and other institutions .	Bruegel explains its name as a tribute to Pieter Bruegel , the 16th-century painter whose work epitomizes unvarnished and innovative depictions of life in Europe .
In the United Kingdom , the film was originally released under the title Fraternally Yours .	In 2012 , the film was deemed `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry .
Moorgate also known as London Moorgateis a central London railway terminus and connected London Underground station on Moorgate in the City of London .	Main line railway services for Hertford , Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth are operated by Great Northern , while the Underground station is served by the Circle , Hammersmith & City , Metropolitan and Northern lines .
The name Hanover refers to the city ( Hannover ) in which the PAL system developer Telefunken Fernseh und Rundfunk GmbH was located .	Two signals , B-Y ( U ) and R-Y ( V ) are used in the PAL system to carry the color information for a picture , with the phase of the V signal ( hue ) reversed ( i.e .
Since then she has written much more material , acted both on the stage and on television , and directed productions of her own works .	She has also cultivated a prolific career as a conference speaker and essayist .
The Yorkshire Terrier is a small dog breed of terrier type , developed during the 19th century in Yorkshire , England .	Ideally its maximum size is .
The station and all trains are operated by c2c .	Services run on lines built by the London and Blackwall Railway ( L & BR ) and the London , Tilbury and Southend Railway ( LTSR ) to destinations in east London and south Essex , including , , , Southend and .
The Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) is a UK government agency responsible for the encouragement , regulation and enforcement of workplace health , safety and welfare , and for research into occupational risks in Great Britain .	It is a non-departmental public body of the United Kingdom with its headquarters in Bootle , England .
Macau International Airport , University of Macau , Macau Jockey Club and Macau Stadium are situated in Taipa .	Most Chinese settlement of Taipa occurred during the Southern Song Dynasty , while the Portuguese occupied the island in 1851 .
`` Nine-inlet Mountain '' or transcribed in Portuguese as Ká-Hó ) and `` Yim Jou Waan '' ( 鹽灶灣 , `` lit . ''	`` Salt-stove Bay '' ) .
The front side of the puzzle shows , in the initial state , three separate , rainbow-coloured rings ; the back side consists of a scrambled picture of three interconnected rings .	The goal of the game is to fold the puzzle into a heart-like shape and unscramble the picture on the back side , thus interconnecting the rings .
`` Aegean Macedonia '' ( , ) is the Greek region of Macedonia in Northern Greece .	It is currently mainly used in the Republic of Macedonia , including in the irredentist context of a United Macedonia .
His subsequent books of poetry included `` Diálogos fantásticos '' ( 'Fantastic Dialogues ' , 1899 ) , `` Flores de escarcha '' ( 'Frost Flowers ' , 1900 ) and `` La casa de primavera '' ( 'The House of Spring ' , 1907 ) .	As a playwright , Martínez Sierra was one of the few progressive dramatists whose productions achieved any measure of commercial success at the time of their composition .
It is the largest publicly traded tobacco company in the world .	BAT has a market-leading position in over 50 countries and operations in around 180 countries .
During the early monarchy , the temple was used by senators acting as council to the king .	Tullus Hostilius ( r. 673–641 BC ) is believed to have replaced the original structure after fire destroyed the converted temple .
Sykes was born near Bradford in Yorkshire .	His father was Samuel Sykes of Friezing Hall , and they belonged to the family of Sykeses of Yorkshire .
Southern maintained corporate headquarters in Birmingham with operations headquartered at William B. Hartsfield Airport , near Atlanta .	As a local service airline , Southern Airways covered the south-central U.S .
Each U.S. State has its own ballot access laws to determine who may appear on ballots .	According to the Elections Clause in Article I , Section 4 , of the United States Constitution , the authority to regulate the time , place , and manner of federal elections is up to each State , unless Congress legislates otherwise .
In 1974 , Albert Szent-Györgyi proposed replacing the term `` negentropy '' with `` syntropy '' .	That term may have originated in the 1940s with the Italian mathematician Luigi Fantappiè , who tried to construct a unified theory of biology and physics .
This was an innovation created during the Roman Republic .	Initially it was intended to provide additional military commanders to support the armies of the consuls ( the two annually elected heads of the Republic and its army ) or to lead an additional army .
Regional airlines began by operating propeller-driven aircraft over short routes , sometimes on flights of less than 100 miles .	In the early days of commercial aviation few aircraft had ranges greater than this , and airlines were often formed to serve the area in which they formed .
The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) issues banknotes and the federal mint Swissmint issues coins .	The smaller denomination , a hundredth of a franc , is a `` Rappen '' ( Rp . )
In mathematics , a line bundle expresses the concept of a line that varies from point to point of a space .	For example a curve in the plane having a tangent line at each point determines a varying line : the tangent bundle is a way of organising these .
The North Circular Road ( officially the A406 and sometimes known as simply the North Circular ) is a ring road around Central London in England .	It runs from Chiswick in the west to Woolwich in the east , and connects the various suburbs in the area , including Ealing , Willesden , Wembley , Finchley , Southgate , Tottenham , Woodford and Barking .
From 1975 to 2009 , the head of the European Council was an unofficial position ( often referred to as the President-in-Office ) held by the head of state or government of the member state holding the semiannually rotating Presidency of the Council of the European Union at any given time .	However , since the 2007 Treaty of Lisbon , article 15 of Treaty on European Union states that the European Council appoints a full-time president for a two-and-a-half-year term , with the possibility of renewal once .
It is increasingly used as an aerosol propellant and a refrigerant , replacing chlorofluorocarbons in an effort to reduce damage to the ozone layer .	When specifically used as a vehicle fuel it is often referred to as autogas .
Fifteen people have won all four major annual American entertainment awards in a competitive , individual ( non-group ) category of the Emmy , Grammy , Oscar , and Tony ( EGOT ) Awards .	Respectively , these awards honor outstanding achievements in television , recording , film , and theater .
Each version of an application or package in the Portage repository has a specific ebuild script written for it .	The script is used by the emerge tool , also created by the Gentoo Linux project , to calculate any dependencies of the desired software installation , download the required files ( and patch them , if necessary ) , configure the package ( based on `` USE flag '' settings ) , compile , and perform a sandboxed installation ( in /var/tmp/portage/ '' [ ebuild name ] '' /image/ by default ) .
The 1982 World 's Fair , formally known as the Knoxville International Energy Exposition , was held in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .	The specialized Expo themed `` Energy Turns the World '' , was recognized by the Bureau International des Expositions ( BIE ) .
In addition to the community 's everyday or vernacular language variety ( labeled `` L '' or `` low '' variety ) , a second , highly codified variety ( labeled `` H '' or `` high '' ) is used in certain situations such as literature , formal education , or other specific settings , but not used for ordinary conversation .	In most cases , the H variety has no native speakers .
Spaak was born in Brussels into a prosperous Belgian banking family in 1905 .	She married Brussels-born dramatist Claude Spaak ( 1904-1990 ) , brother of both Charles Spaak , a screenwriter , and Paul-Henri Spaak , a Belgian statesmen .
Historically , a human being was not necessarily a natural person in some jurisdictions where slavery existed ( subject of a property right ) rather than a person .	In many cases , fundamental human rights are implicitly granted only to natural persons .
He is often considered neoconservative in his thinking on domestic policy but he remained a Democrat .	He has described himself as `` indifferent '' to the neoconservative label with which he is arguably most associated and remarked that it was an appellation not of his choosing .
The grey jay ( `` Perisoreus canadensis '' ) , also gray jay , Canada jay , camp robber , or whisky jack , is a passerine bird of the family Corvidae .	It is found in boreal forests of North America north to the tree line , and in the Rocky Mountains subalpine zone south to New Mexico and Arizona .
He was born in Wiener Neustadt in Austria .	In 1915 he began his training as an engineering draughtsman with Austro-Daimler .
Extensions to the original network were opened in 1991 and 2002 .	In 2016/17 nearly 38 million passenger journeys were made on the network , which spans and has two lines with a total of 60 stations , nine of which are underground .
Historical treatises , as well as additional historical evidence , are used to gain insight into the performance practice of a historic era .	HIP performers will normally base their interpretations on scholarly or urtext editions of a musical score , unencumbered with suggestions or changes made by editors in later eras .
George Baker ( 10 February 1885 – 8 January 1976 ) was an English singer .	He is remembered for singing on thousands of gramophone records in a career that spanned 53 years , beginning in 1909 .
It was developed in the early 19th century by Richard Grosvenor , 2nd Marquess of Westminster under the direction of Thomas Cubitt , focusing on numerous grand terraces centred on Belgrave Square and Eaton Square .	Much of Belgravia , known as the Grosvenor Estate , is still owned by a family property company , the Duke of Westminster 's Grosvenor Group .
More elaborate triumphal arches may have multiple archways .	Triumphal arches are one of the most influential and distinctive types of architecture associated with ancient Rome .
Suppose `` X '' is a topological space covered by open sets `` X '' .	Let `` Y '' be the disjoint union of the `` X '' , so that there is a natural mapping
At the outbreak of World War I , Scheer was the commander of the II Battle Squadron of the High Seas Fleet .	He then took command of the III Battle Squadron , which consisted of the newest and most powerful battleships in the navy .
It was founded in reaction to the socialist NVV , which was founded in 1906 .	The CNV was more moderate than the NVV .
Jacob Gronow ( 10 October 1645 in Deventer – 21 October 1716 in Leiden ) was a Dutch classical scholar .	He was the son of the German classical scholar Johann Friedrich Gronovius and Aleyda ten Nuyl from Deventer , and father of the botanist Jan Frederik Gronovius .
Coins of the same period from Byblos show a hippocampus diving under a galley .	A gold sea-horse was discovered in a hoard from the kingdom of Lydia in Asia minor , dating to the 6th century BC .
Together with the North Circular Road and Woolwich Ferry , it makes a complete ring-road around Central London .	The South Circular is largely a sequence of urban streets joined together , requiring several at-grade turns , and is frequently congested .
He also distinguished himself as a Methodist Pastor , and as the fifth President of Ohio Wesleyan University , Delaware , Ohio .	Welch was born 7 November 1862 in New York City , New York .
Kennelly was born December 17 , 1861 in Colaba , in South Mumbai , India and was educated at University College School in London .	He was the son of an Irish naval officer Captain David Joseph Kennelly ( 1831–1907 ) and Catherine Gibson Heycock ( 1839–1863 ) .
Antalya ( ) is the fifth-most populous city in Turkey and the capital of its eponymous province .	Located on Anatolia 's southwest coast bordered by the Taurus Mountains , Antalya is the largest Turkish city on the Mediterranean coast with over one million people in its metropolitan area .
The Metropolitan Community Church ( MCC ) , also known as the Universal Fellowship of Metropolitan Community Churches ( UFMCC ) , is an international Protestant Christian denomination .	There are 222 member in 37 countries , and the Fellowship has a specific outreach to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender families and communities .
Despite an impressive pedigree and high expectations the company only produced one commercial and critical success , 2000 's `` Deus Ex '' .	The company was founded in Dallas , Texas in November 1996 ; a branch in Austin , Texas was opened in 1997 .
The worldwide success of the band 's previous album `` Blood Sugar Sex Magik '' ( 1991 ) caused guitarist John Frusciante to become uncomfortable with their status , eventually quitting mid-tour in 1992 .	Vocalist Anthony Kiedis , who had resumed addictions to cocaine and heroin in 1994 after being sober for more than five years , approached his lyricism with a reflective outlook on drugs and their harsh effects .
Joe South ( born Joseph Alfred Souter ; February 28 , 1940 – September 5 , 2012 ) was an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and record producer .	Best known for his songwriting , South won the Grammy Award for Song of the Year in 1970 for `` Games People Play '' and was again nominated for the award in 1972 for `` Rose Garden '' .
Strangling can be divided into three general types according to the mechanism used :	Strangling involves one or several mechanisms that interfere with the normal flow of oxygen into the brain :
The name suggests that it fought against the Scythians .	After the battle of Actium and Antony 's suicide , Octavian transferred IV `` Scythica '' to the Danube province of Moesia .
An exemption allowed the kilt to be worn in the army , continuing the tradition established by the Black Watch regiment .	The law was repealed in 1782 .
An English writing style is a way of using the English language .	The style of a piece of writing is the way in which features of the language are used to convey meaning , typically but not always within the constraints of more widely accepted conventions of usage , grammar , and spelling .
Today communication with system consoles is generally done abstractly , via the standard streams ( stdin , stdout , and stderr ) , but there may be system-specific interfaces , for example those used by the system kernel .	Prior to the development of alphanumeric CRT system consoles , some computers such as the IBM 1620 had console typewriters and front panels while the very first programmable computer , the Manchester Baby , used a combination of electromechanical switches and a CRT to provide console functions—the CRT displaying memory contents in binary by mirroring the machine 's Williams-Kilburn tube CRT-based RAM .
The section of the motorway bypassing Naas , an 8 km stretch , was the first section of motorway to open in the Republic of Ireland , in 1983 .	Following substantial works to extend the M7 to Limerick ; by the end of 2010 , the motorway replaced all of the old single-carriageway N7 route which is now designated as R445 .
The N8 road is a national primary road in Ireland , connecting Cork with Dublin via the M7 .	The road is motorway standard from junction 19 on the M7 to the Dunkettle interchange outside Cork City and is designated as the M8 motorway .
The road forms part of European route E01 .	the N11/M11 is of dual carriageway or motorway standard from Dublin as far as Gorey in County Wexford .
The book was dedicated to Joslyn Stanton Baum , the author 's first grandson , the child of Baum 's eldest son Frank Joslyn Baum .	While Dorothy Gale is at home in Kansas one day , she and her pet dog Toto meet the Shaggy Man who comes walking past the Gale farm .
It was founded in 1998 by Denis Coleman ( co-founder of Symantec ) , Stanford MBA Sasha Zorovic , and engineer Mark Pennell , based on work Zorovic had done at Stanford .	In March 1999 Jeff McFadden was hired as CEO and Zorovic was effectively forced out .
His investment philosophy stressed investor psychology , minimal debt , buy-and-hold investing , fundamental analysis , concentrated diversification , buying within the margin of safety , activist investing , and contrarian mindsets .	After graduating from Columbia University at age 20 , he started his career on Wall Street , eventually founding the Graham-Newman Partnership .
Eric Norman Thompson was born on 9 November 1929 in Sleaford , Lincolnshire , England , the son of Annie ( née Jackson ) and George Henry Thompson , a hotel waiter , and grew up in Rudgwick , Sussex , attending Collyer 's School , Horsham .	He trained to be an actor at the Old Vic acting school in London and joined the Old Vic theatre company in 1952 .
The Last Battle is a high fantasy novel for children by C. S. Lewis , published by The Bodley Head in 1956 .	It was the seventh and final novel in `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' ( 1950–1956 ) .
He is considered as the greatest surgeon of the Middle Ages , and has been described as the father of surgery .	Al-Zahrawi 's principal work is the `` Kitab al-Tasrif '' , a thirty-volume encyclopedia of medical practices .
It is one of the biggest towns of the Szczecin agglomeration .	The town is situated on the Oder River and its estuary , south of the Szczecin Lagoon and the Bay of Pomerania .
Pyrzyce ( , Kashubian : Përzëca ) , is a town in Pomerania , north-western Poland , with 13,331 inhabitants ( 2007 ) .	Capital of the Pyrzyce County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Szczecin Voivodeship ( 1975–1998 ) .
It is also the capital of Gryfino County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Szczecin Voivodeship ( 1975–1998 ) .	The town is located on the Odra Wschodnia ( Reglitz ) , the eastern branch of the Oder river , about south of the Pomeranian capital Szczecin ( Stettin ) .
It is the capital of Goleniów County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) ; previously it was in Szczecin Voivodeship ( 1975–1998 ) .	Town area is , geographical situation 53°33'N and 14°49'E .
In 1262 , throughout the German Ostsiedlung , Wartislaw III , Duke of Pomerania founded a town under Lübeck law on the Rega river .	After his death , his successor , Barnim I , Duke of Pomerania , named the settlement `` Civitat Griphemberch super Regam '' ( Griffinsmountain ) after the coat of arms symbol of the Dukes of Pomerania .
St Andrews has a recorded population of 16,800 in 2011 , making it Fife 's fourth largest settlement and 45th most populous settlement in Scotland .	The town is home to the University of St Andrews , the third oldest university in the English-speaking world and the oldest in Scotland .
Before World War II the town was in Prussia , Germany .	The city 's name is of Pomeranian ( Kashubian ) origin and stands for `` old '' ( stari ) `` town/city '' ( gard or gôrd ) .
Nowogard ( ) ( ; ) is a village in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship Province of northwestern Poland .	it had a population of 16,733 .
Leaving the church after the congregation expressed disapproval of his homosexuality , he found friendship among a group of black cross-dressers and transgender women who called themselves The Disquotays .	Moving to San Francisco in 1970 at the age of 22 , Sylvester embraced the counterculture and joined the avant-garde drag troupe The Cockettes , producing solo segments of their shows which were heavily influenced by female blues and jazz singers like Billie Holiday and Josephine Baker .
Hugh de Grandmesnil ( 1032 – 22 February 1098 ) , also known as Hugues or Hugo de Grentmesnil or Grentemesnil , is one of the very few proven companions of William the Conqueror known to have fought at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 .	Subsequently , he became a great landowner in England .
It is based in St Andrews , Fife , Scotland , and is regarded as the worldwide `` Home of Golf '' .	Formerly , it was also one of the governing authorities of the game , but in 2004 this role was handed over to a newly formed group of companies , collectively known as The R & A .
The population of Złocieniec is around 12,000 - it is therefore the biggest town in the county ( powiat ) .	The official town webpage states that between the 7th and 6th century BC the area of the town was the site of a village and that the area of Western Pomerania was settled by Slavs in the 6th-8th centuries ; when the town rights were established the Złocieniec webpage informs that it 's highly probable that among German inhabitants of the town were also Slavs from Budów i Strzebłów-villages that were disbanded .
The earliest archaeological signs of a settlement in the area occurred when Roman merchants travelled along the Amber Road in the hope of trading precious metals like bronze and silver for amber .	By the 11th century the location of the later town was already becoming a significant trading point .
It is the capital of Świdwin County established 1999 , previously having been in Koszalin Voivodeship ( 1950–1998 ) , and the administrative seat - though not part - of the Gmina Świdwin .	Świdwin is situated in the historic Pomerania region on the left banks of the Rega river , about east of the regional capital Szczecin and south of the Baltic coast at Kołobrzeg .
The capital of Białogard County in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 , the town was previously in Koszalin Voivodeship ( 1950–1998 ) .	It is the most important railroad junction of the Middle Pomerania , with two major lines ( Kołobrzeg - Piła and Gdańsk - Stargard ) crossing there .
Szczecinek ( ; ; ) is a historical city in Middle Pomerania , northwestern Poland , with a population of more than 40,000 ( 2011 ) .	Formerly in the Koszalin Voivodeship ( 1950–1998 ) , it has been the capital of Szczecinek County in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 .
Her resourcefulness and success have been credited with influencing the organisation 's policy of recruiting increasing numbers of women .	In 1941 she began using the `` nom de guerre '' Christine Granville , a name which she legally adopted upon naturalisation as a British subject in December 1946 .
The town 's name is derived from its patron saint , Saint Tudno .	Llandudno , `` Queen of the Welsh Resorts '' , a title first applied as early as 1864 , is now the largest seaside resort in Wales .
The River Conwy , after which the county borough is named , lies wholly within the area : rising in Snowdonia and flowing through Llanrwst and Trefriw en route to the Irish Sea by Conwy .	The river here marks the border between the historic counties of Caernarfonshire and Denbighshire .
This 8.2 % increase was the largest increase in Wales except for Cardiff .	The town is undergoing a redevelopment project , with the town centre mainly pedestrianised and ongoing works including Brackla Street Centre redevelopment to Bridgend Shopping Centre , Rhiw Car Park redevelopment , ongoing public realm improvements and the upgrade of the Bridgend Life Centre and demolition of Sunnyside offices to accommodate a large retirement complex .
Note that this list primarily concerns land the United States of America acquired from other nation-states .	Early American expansion was tied to a national concept of manifest destiny .
Falkirk had a resident population of 32,422 at the 2001 UK Census .	The population of the town had risen to 34,570 according to a 2008 estimate , making it the 20th most populous settlement in Scotland .
In visual art , mixed media is an artwork in which more than one medium or material has been employed .	Assemblages and collages are two common examples of art using different medias that will make use of different materials including cloth , paper , and/or wood .
Pierce was born in London , England to a Welsh mother and an Australian father , Pierce was brought up in the Marble Hill section of New York City .	Pierce 's mother and adoptive father divorced when he was 15 .
1929 ) and Lionel Moss ( b .	1927 , d. 1999 ) , an upper-middle-class couple of Jewish ancestry .
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union , he was President of Georgia ( or in equivalent posts ) from 1992 to 2003 .	He was forced to retire in 2003 as a consequence of the bloodless Rose Revolution .
Saint Catherine of Sweden , `` Katarina av Vadstena '' , `` Catherine of Vadstena '' or `` Katarina Ulfsdotter '' ( c. 1332 – 24 March 1381 ) was a Swedish saint .	Her father was Ulf Gudmarsson , Lord of Ulvåsa , and her mother was Saint Birgitta ( known as Birgitta Birgersdotter of Finsta in her lifetime ) .
Człuchów has been the capital of Człuchów County in the Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 .	From 1975 to 1998 it was in Słupsk Voivodeship .
The town is also the capital of Sławno County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 , previously in Słupsk Voivodeship ( 1975–1998 ) .	Sławno is a railway junction on the major Gdańsk - Szczecin line , with access to secondary importance connections to Darłowo and Korzybie .
Soon after its debut , `` Seventeen '' took a more fashion- and romance-oriented approach in presenting its material while promoting self-confidence in young women .	It was first published in September 1944 by Walter Annenberg 's Triangle Publications .
Miastko ( ) , is a town in the Middle Pomerania region of northwestern Poland .	Administratively it has since 1999 been part of Bytów County in the Pomeranian Voivodeship ; previously ( 1975–1998 ) it had been in Słupsk Voivodeship .
Bytów ( ; is a town in the Gdańsk Pomerania region of northern Poland with 16,888 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .	Previously in Słupsk Voivodeship ( 1975–1998 ) , it is the capital of Bytów County in Pomeranian Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) .
The tunnel offers pedestrians and cyclists an alternative way to cross the river when the Woolwich Free Ferry service is not operating .	Both entrances to the tunnel ( north entrance at and south entrance at ) are Grade II listed buildings .
The Lady and the Unicorn ( ) is the modern title given to a series of six tapestries woven in Flanders from wool and silk , from designs ( `` cartoons '' ) drawn in Paris around 1500 .	The set , on display in the Musée national du Moyen Âge ( former Musée de Cluny ) in Paris , is often considered one of the greatest works of art of the Middle Ages in Europe .
Gdańsk Voivodeship ( 1 ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975–98 , superseded by Pomeranian Voivodeship .	Its capital city was Gdańsk .
Anton Adriaan Mussert ( ; 11 May 1894 – 7 May 1946 ) was one of the founders of the National Socialist Movement in the Netherlands ( NSB ) and its formal leader .	As such , he was the most prominent Dutch fascist before and during World War II .
The Musée de Cluny - Musée national du Moyen Âge , formerly the Musée national du Moyen Âge , or just the Musée de Cluny ( ) , or the Musée national du Moyen Âge – Thermes et hôtel de Cluny ( `` National Museum of the Middle Ages – Cluny thermal baths and mansion '' ) , is a museum in Paris , France .	It is located in the 5th arrondissement at 6 Place Paul-Painlevé , south of the Boulevard Saint-Germain , between the Boulevard Saint-Michel and the Rue Saint-Jacques .
Louise Joy Brown ( born 25 July 1978 ) is an English woman known for being the first human to have been born after conception by `` in vitro '' fertilisation , or IVF .	Louise Joy Brown was born at Oldham General Hospital , Oldham , by planned Caesarean section delivered by registrar John Webster .
Most continue their studies at other universities , out of which two-thirds go on to earn a graduate degree , and over half eventually earn a doctorate .	Deep Springs College is in Deep Springs Valley in Inyo County , California , near the larger Owens Valley and about over mountain passes from the nearest town , Dyer , Nevada , and from the nearest town of significant size , Bishop , California .
It was reported that Paul is `` almost certainly the child of her lover . ''	However , Paul greatly resembled his official father Peter III of Russia in character and appearance .
The OVC was ranked 1st in Canada and 4th in the world for veterinary medicine by the QS World University Rankings 2015 .	Originally called `` Upper Canada Veterinary School '' , the Ontario Veterinary College was established in Toronto in 1862 , by the Scots Andrew Smith ( veterinary surgeon ) with some assistance from Duncan McNab McEachran , both graduates of the Royal School of Veterinary Studies at the University of Edinburgh .
Paddling on rivers , lakes and oceans is as old as the Stone Age .	The raft , the catamaran , the canoe and the kayak evolved depending on the needs and environment of the indigenous peoples in different parts of the world .
Transcaucasia roughly corresponds to modern Georgia , Armenia , and Azerbaijan .	Total area of these countries is about .
Wejherowo is located in Pomeralia , approximately west of the town of Rumia ,	Wejherowo was founded in 1643 as `` Wola Wejherowska '' ( literally `` Wejher 's Wola '' ) , by the voivode of the Malbork Voivodeship , and Polish noble , Jakub Wejher ( Jakob Weiher ) .
Pruszcz Gdański ( ) is a town in Gdańsk Pomerania , northwestern Poland with 26834 inhabitants ( 2010 ) .	Pruszcz Gdański is an industrial town neighbouring Gdańsk , part of the Tricity agglomeration .
It was named after King Władysław IV Vasa , who initiated the construction of the Polish Navy .	Situated in the Puck County in Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 , previously in Gdańsk Voivodeship ( 1975–1998 ) , Władysławowo is a sea port and a popular seaside holiday destination .
He admits himself into people 's homes , by pretending to be a relative or an official , and persuading his victims to give him a night 's free board : He finds at first a lunch at the horrible couple Dumont ( Jean-Pierre Bisson and Maike Jansen ) , where a thief follows him for a robbery .	Alex spent an evening in front of TV at Marie ( Marie-Christine Barrault from `` Cousin , cousine '' ) , mother of seven children .
He was a Nebula Award finalist for his fantasy novel `` Orphans of Chaos '' .	`` Publishers Weekly '' said he `` may be this fledgling century 's most important new SF talent '' when reviewing his debut novel , `` The Golden Age '' .
A standard tank of the Polish Army during the 1939 Invasion of Poland , its production did not exceed 150 vehicles .	Its chassis was used as the base for the C7P artillery tractor .
Kronstadt Uprising were an anarcho-punk band from Southend-on-Sea , Essex , UK during the 1980s .	Named in tribute to the events of the Kronstadt rebellion the band were formed in 1981 by Steve Pegrum joined by Spencer Blake , Paul Lawson and Andy Fisher ( although in 1982 the band were to become a three-piece with Paul Lawson taking on both guitar and vocal duties ) .
He stopped writing for the magazine to devote more time to novels .	However , he continues to publish freelance articles on the Internet .
He died on or around June 3 , 1985five months before the date claimed by his captorswhile in the custody of Hezbollah .	He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery and is commemorated with a star on the Memorial Wall at the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) headquarters in Langley , Virginia .
Ambassador to the United Nations .	A native of Highgate Center , Vermont , Austin was educated in Highgate and Bakersfield , and also studied in Quebec to learn French .
Liskeard ( ; ) is an ancient stannary and market town and civil parish in south east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .	Liskeard is situated approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) west of Plymouth , west of the River Tamar and the border with Devon , and 12 miles ( 20 km ) east of Bodmin .
During the Second World War he led the 14th Army , the so-called `` forgotten army '' in the Burma campaign .	After the war he became the first British officer who had served in the Indian Army to be appointed Chief of the Imperial General Staff .
The New York Renaissance , also known as the Renaissance Big Five and as the Rens , was an all-black professional basketball team established February 13 , 1923 , by Robert `` Bob '' Douglas in agreement with the Renaissance Casino and Ballroom .	The Casino and Ballroom at 138th Street and Seventh Avenue in Harlem was an entertainment complex including a ballroom that served as the Big Five 's home court .
In 1939 , up-arming of the tankettes with Nkm wz.38 FK machine guns began , but only 24 of these were completed before the outbreak of World War II .	On 6 November 1934 Estonia purchased 6 vehicles from Poland , with the contract deal worth over 180,000 krones .
William Camden called it 'the Mother Dock of all England ' .	By virtue of the size and quantity of vessels built there , Woolwich Dockyard is described as having been 'among the most important shipyards of seventeenth-century Europe ' .
It is the most educated , highest-income , and fourth largest combined statistical area in the United States .	Officially , the area is designated by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) as the Washington–Baltimore–Arlington , DC–MD–VA–WV–PA Combined Statistical Area .
The victory allowed Athens to recover control over a number of cities in the Hellespont over the next year .	In the wake of their defeat , the Spartans made a peace offer , which the Athenians rejected .
In the Julian calendar the three days of the feast were 9 , 11 , and 13 May .	The origin myth of this ancient festival , according to Ovid , who derives `` Lemuria '' from a supposed `` Remuria '' was that it had been instituted by Romulus to appease the spirit of Remus ( Ovid , `` Fasti '' , V.421ff ; Porphyrius ) .
According to Ardo , Benedict 's biographer , the saint was the son of a Visigoth , Aigulf , Count of Maguelonne ( `` Magalonensis comes '' ) .	Originally given the Gothic name Witiza , he was educated at the Frankish court of Pippin the Younger , and entered the royal service as a page .
Born between 1486 and 1600 .	Born between 1601 and 1700 .
He is one of the best-selling authors of popular thrillers and espionage novels .	His breakthrough novel `` The Eagle Has Landed '' ( 1975 ) sold over 50 million copies and was adapted into a successful film by the same title .
In 1970 , BBN LISP was designed , which ran on PDP-10 machines running the operating system TENEX ( renamed TOPS-20 ) .	In 1973 , when Danny Bobrow , Warren Teitelman and Ronald Kaplan moved from BBN to the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) , it was renamed Interlisp .
He was expanding his education further at the Institute of Corporate Law in Paris , France when World War II began in 1939 .	When he took the bar exam , Macalister placed first among over 150 candidates in the British Empire .
In that war he played a prominent role in the decisive Battle of Warsaw ( 1920 ) .	In the early years of the Second Polish Republic , Sikorski held government posts , including serving as Prime Minister ( 1922 to 1923 ) and as Minister of Military Affairs ( 1923 to 1924 ) .
He developed the technique of hanging known as the `` long drop '' .	Marwood was originally a cobbler , of Church Lane , Horncastle , Lincolnshire , England .
The National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States , also known as the 9/11 Commission , was set up on November 27 , 2002 , `` to prepare a full and complete account of the circumstances surrounding the September 11 attacks '' , including preparedness for and the immediate response to the attacks .	The commission was also mandated to provide recommendations designed to guard against future attacks .
New Guinea is one of the most linguistically diverse regions in the world .	Besides the Austronesian languages , there are some 800 languages divided into perhaps sixty small language families , with unclear relationships to each other or to any other languages , plus a large number of language isolates .
After killing a policeman in Manchester , he fled to his native Sheffield , where he became obsessed with his neighbour 's wife , eventually shooting her husband dead .	Settling in London , he carried out multiple burglaries before being caught in the prosperous suburb of Blackheath , wounding the policeman who arrested him .
The National Missionary Baptist Convention of America ( NMBCA ) was formed during a meeting attended by Dr. S. J. Gilbert , Sr. and Dr. S. M. Wright , along with several leaders and members from the National Baptist Convention of America , Inc. and took place on November 14–15 , 1988 at the People 's Missionary Baptist Church , Incorporated , in Dallas , Texas .	At issue were the differences of opinion over the relationship of the National Baptist Convention of America , Inc. with the National Baptist Publishing Board ( now known as the R.H. Boyd Publishing Corporation ) , the National Baptist Sunday School , and the Baptist Training Union Congress .
Slamming became a more visible issue after the deregulation of the telecommunications industry in the mid-1980s , especially after several brutal price wars between the major telecommunications companies .	The term `` slamming '' was coined by Mick Ahearn , who was a consumer marketing manager at AT & T in September 1987 .
Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich ( Russian : Рома́н Арка́дьевич Абрамо́вич , ; Hebrew : רומן אברמוביץ ' ; born 24 October 1966 ) is a Russian-Israeli billionaire businessman , investor and politician .	Abramovich is the primary owner of the private investment company Millhouse LLC , and is best known outside Russia as the owner of Chelsea Football Club , a Premier League football club .
O'Keefe served as a United States Marine in the First Gulf War .	According to his own website , he was discharged because he `` spoke out openly about abuse of power by my 'superiors ' and as a consequence I paid a heavy price .
The National Baptist Convention of America International , Inc. ( NBCA Intl or NBCA ) is a predominantly African-American conservative Baptist denomination with members in the United States , Canada , and Africa .	It was organized in 1915 as the result of a struggle to keep the National Baptist Publishing Board of Nashville independent .
Since an email message might be forwarded through or to computers with different character sets or through transports which are not 8-bit clean , or handled by programs that are not 8-bit clean ; forwarding a binary file via email might cause it to be corrupted .	By encoding such data into a character subset common to most character sets , the encoded form of such data files was unlikely to be `` translated '' or corrupted , and would thus arrive intact and unchanged at the destination .
Controlled airspace is airspace of defined dimensions within which ATC services are provided .	The level of control varies with different classes of airspace .
Airspace is the portion of the atmosphere controlled by a country above its territory , including its territorial waters or , more generally , any specific three-dimensional portion of the atmosphere .	It is not the same as aerospace , which is the general term for Earth 's atmosphere and the outer space in its vicinity .
The Holy Prepuce , or Holy Foreskin ( Latin `` præputium '' or `` prepucium '' ) , is one of several relics attributed to Jesus , a product of the circumcision of Jesus .	At various points in history , a number of churches in Europe have claimed to possess Jesus 's foreskin , sometimes at the same time .
A zeppola ( plural : zeppole ; sometimes called frittelle and in Sardinia zippole ( `` tzìpulas '' in Sardinian language ) is an Italian pastry consisting of a deep-fried dough ball of varying size but typically about in diameter .	This doughnut or fritter is usually topped with powdered sugar , and may be filled with custard , jelly , cannoli-style pastry cream , or a butter-and-honey mixture .
Maurice 's brothers are David ( born 1937 ) , Charles Nathan ( born 1943 ) and Philip ( born 1953 ) .	Nathan was a successful textile merchant and in 1947 , he pre-empted a flight that tens of thousands of Iraqi Jews would soon make to avoid persecution and relocated his family to Finchley London .
Saatchi is also known for his art collection and for owning Saatchi Gallery , and in particular for his sponsorship of the Young British Artists ( YBAs ) , including Damien Hirst and Tracey Emin .	Charles Saatchi is the second of four sons born to Nathan Saatchi and Daisy Ezer , a wealthy Iraqi Jewish family in Baghdad , Iraq .
Brookhart 's absence from the Senate was brief , as he took the first opportunity to return by challenging and defeating the state 's senior Republican senator .	He was also a strong supporter of Prohibition and its enforcement , so as public support for prohibition waned , so too did his political career .
The population was 291 at the 2010 census .	Prior to 2010 it was part of the Moclips CDP .
It is a migrant , wintering at sea in the tropical oceans .	Its relationships are not fully resolved ; its mitochondrial DNA is most similar to the great skua , but from morphology and behavior , it is closer to the lesser skuas ( such as the parasitic jaeger ) .
Haakon V Magnusson ( 10 April 1270 – 8 May 1319 ) ( ; ) was king of Norway from 1299 until 1319 .	Haakon was the younger surviving son of Magnus the Lawmender , King of Norway , and his wife Ingeborg of Denmark .
Osborne held academic positions in Australia , the United Kingdom , the United States and Singapore .	Osborne 's main historical contribution had been to synthesize the history of the region as a whole , rather than concentrate on the histories of the present-day nations .
Magnus Haakonsson ( , ; 1 May 1238 – 9 May 1280 ) was King of Norway ( as Magnus VI ) from 1263 to 1280 ( junior king from 1257 ) .	One of his greatest achievements was the modernisation and nationalisation of the Norwegian law-code , after which he is known as Magnus the Law-mender ( , ) .
American Independent Party candidate William Rocap received 8,954 votes ( 1 % ) .	Clark served on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and chaired the Subcommittee on Africa , developing considerable expertise on the crisis in Angola .
Eirik was the eldest surviving son of King Magnus the Lawmender of Norway , and his wife Ingeborg Eriksdatter , daughter of King Eric IV of Denmark .	In 1273 , when he was 5 years old , he was given the title of king , alongside his father , who planned to hold a coronation for Eirik as his subordinate co-ruler in the summer of 1280 .
It is named after the late Canadian Prime Minister Lester Bowles Pearson , winner of the 1957 Nobel Peace Prize , and an early champion of the College .	The mission of the UWC movement and of the school is to `` '' make education a force to unite people , nations and cultures for peace and a sustainable future '' '' .
The English name and species name `` skua '' is believed to originate from the Faroese `` skúvur '' or `` skúgvur '' and is the only known bird name to originate from the Faroes that has come into regular use elsewhere .	In Britain , it is sometimes known by the name bonxie , a Shetland name of Norse origin .
Clark was well known for his trademark sign-off , `` For now , Dick Clark — so long !	`` , accompanied by a facsimile of a military salute .
The Nayirah testimony was a false testimony given before the Congressional Human Rights Caucus on October 10 , 1990 by a 15-year-old girl who provided only her first name , Nayirah .	The testimony was widely publicized , and was cited numerous times by United States senators and President George H. W. Bush in their rationale to back Kuwait in the Gulf War .
William Shepherd Morrison , 1st Viscount Dunrossil , ( 10 August 1893 – 3 February 1961 ) was a British politician who served as the 14th Governor-General of Australia , in office from 1960 until his death .	He had previously been a longserving cabinet minister in the United Kingdom , as well as Speaker of the House of Commons from 1951 to 1959 .
There are also many towns named after a Fort , the largest being Fort Worth , Texas , United States .	Antwerp ( 1914 , internal defenses )
After migrating to New Zealand in 1870 , Massey farmed near Auckland ( earning his later nickname , `` Farmer Bill '' ) and assumed leadership in farmers ' organisations .	He entered parliament in 1894 as a conservative , and from 1894 to 1912 was a leader of the conservative opposition to the Liberal ministries of Richard Seddon and Joseph Ward .
Charles ' elder brother Joseph I had died without male issue , leaving Joseph 's daughter Maria Josepha as the heir presumptive .	This presented two problems .
Number plates in Belgium are driver specific , meaning that they are transferred to a new vehicle from the owner 's previous one .	The rear licence plate is state supplied , while the front plate is owner supplied .
According to the 2015 census , it is Indonesia 's fourth most populous city after Jakarta , Bekasi and Surabaya , with over 2.5 million inhabitants .	At the meantime , Greater Bandung is the country 's second largest metropolitan area with over 8 million inhabitants ( and 11 million people at extended conurbation area ) .
In 1986 , Mike Tyson emerged as a fresh new face in the heavyweight division , which had seen a decline in champion quality level ( particularly in the WBA side ) after Ali 's retirement and , later on , after longtime WBC ruler Larry Holmes ' prime .	In addition , the IBF and WBO began operating .
The climax of a story is a literary element .	The punch line of a joke is an analogy for the climax of a fictional narrative , though the absence of any falling action is an essential difference , which may reflect the nature of humor as opposed to the nature of drama .
Baie-Mahault may be named for a variety of mangrove called `` mahault '' or `` mahot '' common in this area .	On 29 November 1808 , during the Napoleonic Wars , boats from HMS `` Heureux '' attacked French vessels in the harbour and the batteries protecting them .
It was originally named `` Islets à Goyaves '' ( `` Islet of Guavas '' ) until the beginning of the 18th century , when the name was changed to `` Fontaines Bouillantes '' after the island 's hot springs that were known for their therapeutic virtues .	With the end of the Ancien Régime , the civil authorities and religious leaders renamed the city `` Bouillante '' .
It is on the northwest coast of Basse-Terre Island .	The inhabitants are called `` Deshaisiens '' .
It is static , like a closed mind .	Bergson suggests that if all traces of civilization were to disappear , the instincts of the closed society for including or excluding others would remain .
FOX ( Forkhead box ) proteins are a family of transcription factors that play important roles in regulating the expression of genes involved in cell growth , proliferation , differentiation , and longevity .	Many FOX proteins are important to embryonic development .
It is adopted in many countries worldwide , including the UK , western European countries , and Australia .	PRINCE2 training is available in many languages .
In the First World War he served as an officer in the Austro-Hungarian Army , and after the war became an officer in the Polish Army , rising to command the Grudziądz Cavalry School .	After taking part in the fighting against the German invasion of Poland at the beginning of World War II in 1939 , Komorowski , with the code-name `` Bór '' , helped organise the Polish underground in the Kraków area .
The legend of Níðuðr and Wayland also appears on the Gotlandic Ardre image stone VIII from the 8th century and possibly on the front panel of the 7th century Anglo-Saxon Franks Casket .	However , Austin Simmons has recently argued that it is not Niðhad who is depicted , but his daughter Beadohilde ( twice ) .
Silesian metropolitan area ( 5.3 million people ) with nearby Kraków metropolitan area ( 1.3 million people ) and Częstochowa metropolitan area ( 0.4 million people ) create a great metropolitan area covering 7 million people .	Upper Silesian metropolitan area has a population of 5,294,000 , with 4,311,000 ( 81.43 % ) in Poland ( the Upper Silesian polycentric metropolitan area ) and 983,000 ( 18.57 % ) in the Czech Republic ( Ostrava Functional Urban Area ) .
Sonic hedgehog is one of three proteins in the mammalian signaling pathway family called hedgehog , the others being desert hedgehog ( DHH ) and Indian hedgehog ( IHH ) .	SHH is the best studied ligand of the hedgehog signaling pathway .
He was an avid reader from an early age , and was a frequent visitor to the local libraries around Solo .	His interests were broad , ranging from the works of Karl May , William Saroyan , and Pramoedya Ananta Toer , to comics by R.A. Kosasih .
The University of Indonesia ( , abbreviated as UI ) is a state university in Depok , West Java and Salemba , Jakarta , Indonesia .	It is the oldest tertiary-level educational institution in Indonesia ( known as the Dutch East Indies when UI was established ) , and is generally considered as the most prestigious university in Indonesia , along with the Bandung Institute of Technology and Gadjah Mada University .
The project is on the Columbia River in north central Washington state about seven miles ( 11 km ) upstream from the city of Wenatchee .	The dam is above the mouth of the Columbia .
The US edition retailed at $ 2.50 and the UK edition at ten shillings and sixpence ( 10/6 ) .	A 1963 UK paperback issued by Fontana Books changed the title to Murder at the Gallop to tie in with the film version .
The design and art for Eevee and its evolutions were provided by Japanese video game designer and illustrator Ken Sugimori , a friend of the Pokémon franchises ' creator , Satoshi Tajiri .	In the original Japanese games , the Pokémon was known by its name `` Eievui '' , a name which has similar prefixes to its current English name .
She was the daughter of Quintus Mucius Scaevola , the `` pontifex maximus '' , consul in 95 BC .	Her mother was a Licinia that divorced her father to marry Quintus Caecilius Metellus Nepos , in a scandal mentioned by several sources .
Edward Hunter ( also known as `` Billy Banjo '' ) 2 June 1885 – 6 December 1959 was a Scottish socialist active in both Scotland and New Zealand .	He was a trade union organiser , politician and a writer , and played a considerable role in the development of socialism in New Zealand .
By river , the dam is 235 miles ( 378 km ) south of the Canada–US border and 453 miles ( 729 km ) above the mouth of the river at Astoria , Oregon .	The dam 's reservoir is called Rock Island Pool .
Large staples might be used with a hammer or staple gun for masonry , roofing , corrugated boxes and other heavy-duty uses .	Smaller staples are used with a stapler to attach pieces of paper together ; such staples are a more permanent and durable fastener for paper documents than the paper clip .
The borough borders the districts of High Peak , Amber Valley , North East Derbyshire and South Derbyshire in Derbyshire and also Sheffield in South Yorkshire .	The district also lies within the Sheffield City Region , and the district council is a non-constituent partner member of the Sheffield City Region Combined Authority .
It can be delivered by word of mouth or enhanced by the network effects of the Internet and mobile networks .	The concept is often misused or misunderstood , as people apply it to any successful enough story without taking into account the word `` viral '' .
It is a critique of the work and philosophy of Mother Teresa , the founder of an international Roman Catholic religious congregation , and it challenges the mainstream media 's assessment of her charitable efforts .	In length 128 pages , it was re-issued in paperback and ebook form with a foreword by Thomas Mallon in 2012 .
Steven William Sparks ( born July 2 , 1965 ) is a former knuckleball-throwing right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher , who graduated from Holland Hall High School , then attended Sam Houston State University in 1987 .	In addition to the knuckler , Sparks threw an occasional slider and low-80s fastball .
Karamanlis was born in the village of Proti , Macedonia .	He became a Greek citizen in 1913 , after Macedonia was annexed by Greece , Bulgaria and Serbia , in the aftermath of the Second Balkan War .
The original 13 episodes ran on CBS for their first run .	`` The Wuzzles '' features a variety of short , rounded animal characters ( each called a Wuzzle , which means to mix up ) .
He belongs to the prominent Sadr family that hails from Jabal Amel in Lebanon , before later settling in Najaf .	Al-Sadr is the son of Mohammad Mohammad Sadeq al-Sadr , an Iraqi religious figure and politician who stood against Saddam Hussein ’ s `` dictatorial '' and `` criminal '' deeds , and the nephew of Mohammad Baqir al-Sadr .
Chichele 's occupation does not appear but his eldest son , William , is on the earliest extant list ( 1383 ) of the Grocers ' Company , London .	On 9 June 1405 Chichele was admitted , in succession to his father , to a burgage in Higham Ferrers .
Warfield starred in the play `` Janie Jones '' at the New Theatre , London ( opened July 15 , 1968 ) .	She won the Clarence Derwent Award in 1969 for Outstanding Broadway Debut Performance and a Theatre World Award for the role of Clara in `` The Great White Hope '' which she reprised in the 1970 film version .
Christopher John Spedding ( born Peter Robinson , 17 June 1944 ) is an English musician , singer , guitarist , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , composer , and record producer .	In a career spanning more than 40 years , Spedding is best known for his studio session work .
Christopher J .	Chambers ( born August 12 , 1978 ) is a former American football wide receiver who played ten seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The West Midlands is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS for statistical purposes .	It covers the western half of the area traditionally known as the Midlands .
In the field of optics , transparency ( also called pellucidity or diaphaneity ) is the physical property of allowing light to pass through the material without being scattered .	On a macroscopic scale ( one where the dimensions investigated are much larger than the wavelength of the photons in question ) , the photons can be said to follow Snell 's Law .
These are then placed on an overhead projector for display to an audience .	Many companies and small organizations use a system of projectors and transparencies in meetings and other groupings of people , though this system is being largely replaced by video projectors and interactive whiteboards .
On June 15 , 1904 , `` General Slocum '' caught fire and sank in the East River of New York City .	At the time of the accident , she was on a chartered run carrying members of St. Mark 's Evangelical Lutheran Church ( German Americans from Little Germany , Manhattan ) to a church picnic .
Transparency is important since it is one of the theoretical conditions required for a free market to be efficient .	Price transparency can , however , lead to higher prices .
To accommodate Grand Prix motor racing , the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps race course was built in 1921 but it was only used for motorcycle racing until 1924 .	After the 1923 success of the new 24 hours of Le Mans in France , the Spa 24 Hours , a similar 24-hour endurance race , was run at the Spa track .
Its business covers four media sectors , Internet ( TOM Online ) , Outdoor ( TOM Outdoor Media Group ) , Publishing , and Television and Entertainment .	In 2008 , TOM Group was crowned In-House of the Year - Media & Entertainment In-House Team of the Year at the `` 2008 ALB Hong Kong Law Awards '' .
Any change in a computing system , such as a new feature or new component , is transparent if the system after change adheres to previous external interface as much as possible while changing its internal behaviour .	The purpose is to shield from change all systems ( or human users ) on the other end of the interface .
In 1995 , he formed the short lived supergroup Neurotic Outsiders with members of Guns N ' Roses and Duran Duran .	Jones was ranked in `` Rolling Stone '' s list of the `` 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' .
Little Aston , Perton and Essington ) and Worcestershire ( such as Hagley and Hollywood ) .	According to the 2011 Census the area had a population of 2,440,986 , making it the third most populated in the United Kingdom behind the Greater London and Greater Manchester Built Up Areas .
Skegness ( ) is a seaside town and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England , on the Lincolnshire coast of the North Sea , east of Lincoln .	In the 2011 census Skegness civil parish had a population of 19,579 .
The Bell X-2 had a prolonged development period due to the advances needed in aerodynamic design , control systems , high-temperature resistant materials to be used , and other technologies that had to be developed .	Not only did the X-2 push the envelope of manned flight to speeds , altitudes and temperatures beyond any other aircraft at the time , it pioneered throttleable rocket motors in U.S. aircraft ( previously demonstrated on the Me 163B during World War II ) and digital flight simulation .
Situated in the historic county of Glamorgan , it is the main town in Merthyr Tydfil County Borough and is administered by Merthyr Tydfil County Borough Council .	Both the town and the county borough are often referred to as simply 'Merthyr ' .
A VFS can , for example , be used to access local and network storage devices transparently without the client application noticing the difference .	It can be used to bridge the differences in Windows , classic Mac OS/macOS and Unix filesystems , so that applications can access files on local file systems of those types without having to know what type of file system they are accessing .
T-Mobile Park is a retractable roof baseball park located in Seattle , Washington .	Owned and operated by the Washington State Major League Baseball Stadium Public Facilities District , it is the home stadium of the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) and has a seating capacity of 47,715 for baseball .
Pyeonghwa Motors ( Hangul : 평화자동차 ) ( Hancha : 平和自動車 ) , a Korean language word for `` peace '' , also spelled Pyonghwa , is one of the two car manufacturers and dealers in the North Korean automotive industry.Until 2013 It was a joint venture in Nampo between Pyonghwa Motors of Seoul ( South Korea ) , a company owned by Sun Myung Moon 's Unification Church , and the North Korean Ryonbong General Corp .	The joint venture produced small cars under licence from Fiat and Brilliance China Auto , a pickup truck and an SUV using complete knock down kits from Chinese manufacturer Dandong Shuguang , and a luxury car of Mercedes-Benz/SsangYong design .
The Glamorganshire Canal began its life when construction started in 1790 .	Being watched over by the wealthy ironmasters of Merthyr , including Richard Crawshay of the Cyfarthfa Ironworks , the canal was thought up as a solution to the issue of transporting the goods ( Iron ore , coal and Limestone ) from the valleys to Cardiff , where they ’ d be shipped off , around the world .
Major cities and towns ( population 1995 ) :	< br > Other towns ( population 1980 ) :
< br > Capital city : Koszalin	< br > Area : 8.500 km²
The term sometimes also includes the pre-existing North African Jews who had been living there prior to French colonization , whether Ladino-speaking Sephardi Jews who had arrived after the expulsion from Sepharad ( Spain and Portugal ) several centuries earlier in 1492 or even earlier Berber-speaking and/or Arabic-speaking Maghrebi Jews who had been residing there for over a thousand years , all of which were nonetheless awarded French citizenship by the 1870 Crémieux Decree whilst the rest of the native Muslim population was maintained in a second class status with the `` Code de l'Indigénat '' ( ref Indigénat ) .	More specifically , the term `` Pied-Noir '' is used for those of European ancestry who `` returned '' to mainland France as soon as Algeria gained independence , or in the months following .
Its executive membership and officers are by consensus limited to backbench MPs , although since 2010 frontbench Conservative MPs have an open invitation to attend meetings .	The committee can also play an important role in choosing the party leader .
The town of Chai Nat is 188 km north of Bangkok .	Chai Nat is on the flat river plain of central Thailand 's Chao Phraya River valley .
The Port of Algeciras is one of the largest ports in Europe and the world in three categories : container ,	cargo and transhipment .
NACURH brings together students who live in residence halls on college campuses to share ideas , resources , and best practices in order to improve their residential communities .	`` As an organization , NACURH creates environments that empower , motivate , and equip residence hall leaders by providing them with skills and resources in order for them to excel and positively impact their campus communities . ''
Consequently , `` BMX XXX '' was initially denied classification in Australia .	In North America , while the game is available uncensored on the GameCube and Xbox , all naked breasts are covered in the PlayStation 2 version .
The Hardy Boys , Frank and Joe Hardy , are fictional characters who appear in several mystery series for children and teens .	The characters were created by American writer Edward Stratemeyer , the founder of book-packaging firm Stratemeyer Syndicate ; the books themselves are written by ghostwriters under the collective pseudonym Franklin W. Dixon .
They have reduced or absent pelvic and caudal fins , giving them an eel-like appearance , and large fang-like teeth .	Some of the species are known as scabbardfishes or hairtails ; others are called frostfishes because they appear in late autumn and early winter , around the time of the first frosts .
A protégé of the New Zealand athletics coach Arthur Lydiard , Snell is known for the three Olympic and two Commonwealth Games gold medals he won , and the several world records he set .	Born in Opunake , Snell moved with his family to Waikato in 1949 where he attended Te Aroha College and became an all-around sportsman .
Palliser 's Triangle , or the Palliser Triangle , is a semi-arid steppe occupying a substantial portion of the Western Canadian Prairie Provinces , Saskatchewan , Alberta and Manitoba , within the Great Plains region .	While initially determined to be unsuitable for crops outside of the fertile belt due to arid conditions and dry climate , expansionists questioned this assessment , leading to homesteading in the Triangle .
Product activation prevents unlimited free use of copied or replicated software .	Unactivated software refuses to fully function until it `` determines '' whether it is authorized to fully function .
His victories in stage races such as the Tour were built on an exceptional ability to ride alone against the clock in individual time trial stages , which lent him the name `` Monsieur Chrono '' .	Anquetil was the son of a builder in Mont-Saint-Aignan , in the hills above Rouen in Normandy , north-west France .
A 70 % share of SsangYong was acquired by Mahindra & Mahindra Limited in February 2011 , after being named the preferred bidder in 2010 to acquire the bankruptcy-protected company .	Mahindra 's acquisition was approved by South Korea 's Free Trade Commission .
It is mainly intended for light infantry support and scouting .	Colloquially it may also simply mean a small tank .
Steig was born in Manhattan , the son of `` New Yorker '' cartoonist William Steig and Elizabeth ( Mead ) Steig , head of the fine arts department at Lesley College .	Steig was a maternal nephew of Margaret Mead and Leo Rosten , and was also the cousin of Mary Catherine Bateson .
is a title held by the Imām of the Nizari Ismāʿīli Shias .	, the holder of the title has been the 49th Imām , Prince Shah Karim al-Husseini , Aga Khan IV ( b .
In using the board , breaks are made in the tracks , usually around holes , to divide the strips into multiple electrical nodes .	With care , it is possible to break between holes to allow for components that have two pin rows only one position apart such as twin row headers for IDCs .
Final results placed National two seats behind the incumbent New Zealand Labour Party , with National unable to secure a majority from the minor parties to form a governing coalition .	In late November 2006 Brash resigned as National Party Leader , and then from Parliament in February 2007 .
The Australian Council of Trade Unions ( ACTU ) is the largest peak body representing workers in Australia .	It is a national trade union centre of 46 affiliated unions and nine trades and labour councils .
The character was introduced in the October 3 , 1939 episode ( number 216 ) of that series .	Actor Harold Peary had played a similarly named character , Dr. Gildersleeve , on earlier episodes .
Transparency is practiced in companies , organizations , administrations , and communities .	It guides an organization 's decisions and policies on the disclosure of information to its employees and the public , or simply the intended recipient of the information .
Greenock ( ; , ) is a town and administrative centre in the Inverclyde council area in Scotland and a former burgh within the historic county of Renfrewshire , located in the west central Lowlands of Scotland .	It forms part of a contiguous urban area with Gourock to the west and Port Glasgow to the east .
Puy de Dôme is approximately from Clermont-Ferrand .	The Puy-de-Dôme `` département '' ( with hyphens ) is named after the volcano .
Each observatory provides continuous and periodic monitoring of the seismicity , other geophysical changes , ground movements , volcanic gas chemistry , and hydrologic conditions and activity between and during eruptions .	They also provide a detailed record of eruptions in progress .
The company started selling cars in 1998 , just before South Korea was hit by the Asian financial crisis .	In September 2000 , it became a subsidiary of Renault and adopted its present name , although Samsung maintained a minority ownership .
Niki de Saint Phalle ( born Catherine-Marie-Agnès Fal de Saint Phalle , 29 October 193021 May 2002 ) was a French-American sculptor , painter , and filmmaker .	She was one of the few women artists widely known for monumental sculpture , but also for her commitments .
Furthermore , an apiary may refer to a hobbyist 's hives or those used for commercial or educational usage .	It can also be a wall-less , roofed structure , similar to a gazebo which houses hives .
Eastern bluebirds are found east of the Rockies , southern Canada to the Gulf states , and southeastern Arizona to Nicaragua .	The increase in trees throughout the Great Plains during the past century due to fire suppression and tree planting facilitated the western range expansion of the eastern bluebird as well as range expansions of many other species of birds .
Its subgenres are usually distinguished from other electronic dance music genres by faster tempos ( 160 to 200 BPM or more ) , the intensity of the kicks and the synthesized bass ( in some subgenres ) , the rhythm and the atmosphere of the themes ( sometimes violent ) , the usage of saturation and experimentation close to that of industrial dance music .	To understand the emergence of hardcore one has to go back to the 1970s , to find signs of hard electronic dance music within industrial music .
An Indian summer is a period of unseasonably warm , dry weather that sometimes occurs in autumn in the Northern Hemisphere .	Indian summers are common in North America , Europe and Asia .
To achieve this goal , it suggests the formation of SCUM , an organization dedicated to overthrowing society and eliminating the male sex .	The `` Manifesto '' is widely regarded as satirical , but based on legitimate philosophical and social concerns .
Originally intended to be a 30-minute short film produced for the Public Broadcasting Service , it eventually led to five years of filming and 250 hours of footage .	It premiered at the 1994 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Audience Award for Best Documentary .
Mr. Mister was an American pop rock band , active throughout the 1980s .	The band 's name came from an inside joke about a Weather Report album called `` Mr. Gone '' where they referred to each other as `` Mister This '' or `` Mister That '' , and eventually selected `` Mr. Mister '' .
Once a language becomes associated with religious worship , its believers may ascribe virtues to the language of worship that they would not give to their native tongues .	In the case of sacred texts , there is a fear of losing authenticity and accuracy by a translation or re-translation , and difficulties in achieving acceptance for a new version of a text .
Adult females have a duller blue body , wings , and tail than the male , a gray throat , a dull orange breast , and a gray belly and undertail coverts .	Immature western bluebirds have duller colors than the adults , they also have spots on their chest and back .
One knows that one 's opponent will be able to choose either to buy such a promise from one at the price one has set , or require one to buy such a promise from them , still at the same price .	In other words : Player A sets the odds , but Player B decides which side of the bet to take .
Most of the population has been found around the Korean peninsula in the Yellow and East China Seas , although a freshwater population is found around Jiuduansha near Shanghai at the mouth of China 's Yangtze River .	Genetic studies indicate that the finless porpoise is the most basal living member of the porpoise family .
A dead man 's switch ( for other names , see alternative names ) is a switch that is designed to be activated if the human operator becomes incapacitated , such as through death , loss of consciousness , or being bodily removed from control .	Originally applied to switches on a vehicle or machine , it has since come to be used to describe other intangible uses like in computer software .
Austin was born in Swansea , Wales , the son of a shipbuilder .	He was one of only three Major League Baseball players to be born in Wales ( the others being pitcher Ted Lewis and infielder Peter Morris ) .
An ogee ( ) is a curve ( often used in moulding ) , shaped somewhat like an S , consisting of two arcs that curve in opposite senses , so that the ends are parallel .	It is a kind of sigmoid curve .
Gest produced the television special `` '' in 2001 , which was the last reunion of Michael Jackson and the Jacksons in 17 years .	Gest appeared on the 2006 series of the British reality television show `` I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! ''
Adult males have thin bills and are bright turquoise-blue and somewhat lighter underneath .	Adult females have duller blue wings and tail , grey breast , grey crown , throat and back .
The involute gear profile is the most commonly used system for gearing today , with cycloid gearing still used for some specialties such as clocks .	In an involute gear , the profiles of the teeth are `` involutes of a circle . ''
In 1988 RJR Nabisco was purchased by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. in what was at the time the largest leveraged buyout in history .	In 1999 , due to concerns about tobacco lawsuit liabilities , the tobacco business was spun off into a separate company , and RJR Nabisco was renamed Nabisco Holdings Corporation .
Fabian Andre ( January 8 , 1910 – March 30 , 1960 ) was an American composer , best known for co-writing the music of `` Dream a Little Dream of Me '' with Wilbur Schwandt in 1931 .	Popular in its time , the song was revived in 1968 when covered by the Mamas & the Papas .
Joshua Patrick Beckett ( born May 15 , 1980 ) is an American former professional baseball pitcher .	A three-time Major League Baseball ( MLB ) All-Star , he played for the Florida Marlins , Boston Red Sox , and the Los Angeles Dodgers .
It was created by the charity Sustrans who were aided by a £42.5 million National Lottery grant .	The 14,000 mile network was used for over 230 million trips in 2005 .
There are many different types of pitchers , such as the starting pitcher , relief pitcher , middle reliever , lefty specialist , setup man , and the closer .	Traditionally , the pitcher also bats .
Bradley Air Services Limited , operating as First Air , is an airline headquartered in Kanata , a suburb of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .	It operates services to 34 communities in Nunavut , Nunavik , and the Northwest Territories .
He is known for directing `` Shakespeare in Love '' ( 1998 ) , which won the Academy Award for Best Picture .	He has also gained recognition for directing `` The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel '' ( 2011 ) and its sequel `` The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel '' ( 2015 ) .
John J. Madden ( born May 4 , 1973 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre and current head coach of the Cleveland Monsters of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .	An undrafted player from the University of Michigan ( where he holds the NCAA record for most short-handed goals ( 10 ) in a single season ) , he won three Stanley Cups during his National Hockey League ( NHL ) career : two with the New Jersey Devils and one with the Chicago Blackhawks .
The Glory of Their Times : The Story of the Early Days of Baseball Told by the Men Who Played It is a book , edited by Lawrence Ritter , telling the stories of early 20th century baseball .	It is widely acclaimed as one of the great books written about baseball .
The pilot , recorded in 1981 , was not used and Lowe died in April 1982 , ending production ; however , Lowe 's widow had enjoyed the show and persuaded the writers to start again with a new cast .	The original pilot was eventually broadcast on BBC 7 , and later BBC 7 's successor , BBC Radio 4 extra .
In 1940 , he became an arranger for Xavier Cugat 's orchestra , a position he would hold for the next 20 years .	He was an arranger and composer for Latin lounge musicians such as Skinnay Ennis and Freddy Martin as well as Latin dance musicians such as Perez Prado and Desi Arnaz .
Matamata-Piako District is a local government area in the Waikato region of New Zealand .	It lies to the east of the city of Hamilton .
A Democrat , she was the first African American elected to the Texas Senate after Reconstruction , the first Southern African-American woman elected to the United States House of Representatives .	She was best known for her eloquent opening statement at the House Judiciary Committee hearings during the impeachment process against Richard Nixon , and as the first African-American as well as the first woman to deliver a keynote address at a Democratic National Convention .
Whanganui is part of the Manawatu-Wanganui region .	Like several New Zealand centres , it was officially designated a city until administrative reorganisation in 1989 , and is now run by a District Council .
Roughly speaking , Noe Valley is bounded by 21st Street to the north , 30th Street to the south , Dolores Street to the east , and Grand View Avenue to the west .	The Castro ( Eureka Valley ) is north of Noe Valley ; the Mission District is east .
To simplify this , a horizontal bar was placed in the mechanism called the tabulator rack .	Pressing the tab key would advance the carriage to the next tabulator stop .
Malcolm John Rebennack ( born November 20 , 1941 ) , better known by his stage name Dr. John , is an American singer and songwriter .	His music combines blues , pop , jazz , boogie woogie and rock and roll .
RoadShow Holdings Ltd ( 路訊通控股有限公司 ) was listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2001 ) and is currently a member of the TIH Group .	RoadShow Holdings Limited is owned as to approximately 73 % by TIH and the remaining 27 % goes to public investors .
Without sufficient fuel for prolonged attempts at manual docking , the mission had to be abandoned .	The cosmonauts powered down all nonessential systems in the Soyuz and waited until the next day for reentry .
The proposal became a major focus for conflict between those who regarded the proposed directive as a way to codify the case law of the Boards of Appeal of the European Patent Office ( unrelated to the EU institutions ) in the sphere of computing , and those who asserted that the directive is an extension of the patentability sphere , not just a harmonisation , that ideas are not patentable and that the expression of those ideas is already adequately protected by the law of copyright .	Following several years of debate and numerous conflicting amendments to the proposal , the proposal was rejected on 6 July 2005 by the European Parliament by an overwhelming majority of 648 to 14 votes .
Soyuz 16 ( , `` Union 16 '' ) was a 1974 manned test flight for a joint Soviet-US space flight which culminated in the Apollo-Soyuz mission in July 1975 .	The two-man Soviet crew tested a docking ring and other systems to be used in the joint flight .
Giles founded the abbey in Saint-Gilles-du-Gard whose tomb became a place of pilgrimage .	It was a stop on the road that led from Arles to Santiago de Compostela , the pilgrim Way of St. James .
Vauxhall and I is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock musician Morrissey .	It was released on 14 March 1994 , by the record label Parlophone in the UK and Sire/Reprise in the USA .
The flight set a Soviet mission-duration record of 29 days , surpassing the 23-day record set by the ill-fated Soyuz 11 crew aboard Salyut 1 in 1971 .	Salyut 4 was launched 26 December 1974 , and Soyuz 17 , with cosmonauts Georgi Grechko and Aleksei Gubarev as its first crew , was launched 16 days later on 10 January 1975 .
The total area is .	The area around Hachinohe has been occupied since prehistoric times , and was a major population center for the Emishi people .
On September 20 , 2004 , the AFL announced the termination of this franchise , and that its players would be made available to the remaining teams in a dispersal draft .	The Fury made the playoffs in their first season and again in 2003 .
The city has a cold humid continental climate ( Köppen `` Dfa '' ) characterized by warm short summers and long cold winters with heavy snowfall .	The average annual temperature in Kuroishi is 9.6 °C .
Goshogawara occupies two discontinuous areas on Tsugaru Peninsula in western Aomori Prefecture .	The Iwaki River flows through the city .
The average annual temperature in Towada is 9.8 °C .	The average annual rainfall is 1233 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August , at around 22.8 °C , and lowest in January , at around -2.3 °C .
Misawa is located in the flatlands on the southern shore of Lake Ogawara on the east coast of Aomori Prefecture , facing the Pacific Ocean .	The nearest large city is Hachinohe which is 30 to 40 minutes away by car .
The Chicago Rush were a professional arena football team based in Rosemont , Illinois .	The team played at the Allstate Arena from 2001 to 2013 .
Mutsu occupies most of Shimokita Peninsula and is bordered by Mutsu Bay to the south and Tsugaru Strait to the north , and is the northernmost city on the island of Honshū .	Parts of the city is within the limits of the Shimokita Hantō Quasi-National Park .
The Philadelphia Soul are a professional arena football team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	They compete in the Arena Football League ( AFL ) .
The Kitakami River is the second largest river on the Pacific side of Japan ( after the Tone River ) and the longest in the Tōhoku region .	It runs through the city from north to south and has a number of dams within the city boundaries , including the Shijūshida Dam and Gandō Dam .
Parts of the coastal area of the city are within the borders of the Sanriku Fukkō National Park , and part of the mountainous interior is within Hayachine Quasi-National Park .	Over 80 % of the city area is covered by mountains and forest .
Kaminari-iwa on the city 's Goishi coastline has been designated one of the 100 Soundscapes of Japan by the Ministry of the Environment .	Much of the city is within the borders of the Sanriku Fukkō National Park .
The city was founded on April 1 , 1954 when Mizusawa Town merged with the neighboring villages of Anetai , Shinjo , Sakuragawa , Kuroishi and Haneda .	On February 20 , 2006 , Mizusawa , along with the city of Esashi , the towns of Isawa and Maesawa , and the village of Koromogawa ( all from Isawa District ) , was merged to create the city of Ōshū , and no longer exists as an independent municipality .
It consists of three municipalities to the west and northwest of Toronto : the cities of Brampton and Mississauga , and the town of Caledon .	The entire region is part of the Greater Toronto Area and the inner ring of Golden Horseshoe .
Hanamaki is located in central Iwate Prefecture , in the Kitakami River valley at the conflux of three rivers with the Kitakami River ; the Sarugaishi-gawa from the east and the Se-gawa and Toyosawa-gawa from the west .	In the west the city rises to the foothills of the Ōu Mountains with the highest peak being Mt .
The Cleveland Gladiators are an arena football team based in Cleveland , Ohio , United States , currently on hiatus while members of the Arena Football League ( AFL ) .	The Gladiators played their home games at Quicken Loans Arena , which they shared with the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association and the Cleveland Monsters of the American Hockey League .
The city is at the confluence of the Kitakami River and the Waga River and has an altitude ranging from 50 to 200 meters above sea level , rising to 400 meters in the east .	Kitakami has a humid climate ( Köppen `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters .
Kuji is located in far northeastern Iwate Prefecture , bordered by the Pacific Ocean to the east .	Most of the inland areas of the city are within the Kitakami Mountains .
At 1,914 meters it is also the city 's highest point .	Mt .
The Mississauga are a subtribe of the Anishinaabe-speaking First Nations people located in southern Ontario , Canada .	They are closely related to the Ojibwe .
They folded on April 19 , 2009 .	The Los Angeles Avengers played their home games at the Staples Center , which is also the current home to the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League , the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association , the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women 's National Basketball Association .
In the census of 2010 , the city had a population of 23,302 ( 2005 : 24,709 ) , and a population density of 100 persons per km .	The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused extensive damage to the city .
Kamaishi is located in the Kitakami Mountains of south-central Iwate Prefecture , with the Pacific Ocean to the east .	The spectacular , rugged coast of Kamaishi is entirely within the Sanriku Fukkō National Park .
Esashi village was created within Esashi District on April 1 , 1899 with the establishment of the municipalities system .	On February 10 , 1955 , it annexed the neighboring town of Iwayado and the villages of Inase , Atago , Tahara , Hirose , Sunagawa , Tamasato , Fujisato , Yonesato and Ide to form Esashi town .
Approximately 70 % of the city area is mountainous and forested .	The upper reaches of the Mabechi River flows through the city .
The city borders on Matsushima Bay to the south and Kesennuma Bay to the north , with the Kitakami Mountains to the west .	Its coastline forms part of the Sanriku Fukkō National Park , which stretches north to Aomori Prefecture .
Shiogama has a humid climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters .	The average annual temperature in Shiogama is 12.1 °C .
Fukuoka Airport is the principal airport on the island of Kyushu and is the fourth busiest passenger airport in Japan .	As of 2017 , the airport is the fourth busiest single-runway airport in the world by passenger traffic ( after Mumbai , London–Gatwick and İstanbul-Sabiha Gökçen ) .
In 2010 , the Alabama Vipers announced they would leave Huntsville , and would move to suburban Atlanta for the 2011 AFL season , once again playing home games at Arena at Gwinnett Center .	Following the 2012 season , the franchise folded citing , `` The market never responded to our extensive marketing and sales campaign , '' said team president Corey Remillard .
The team began as the Nashville Kats in 1997 .	The franchise was that of charter Arena team the Denver Dynamite , which had not played since 1991.The original Kats played in the then-named Nashville Arena ( AKA `` The Alley '' ) in downtown Nashville .
The city was founded on December 15 , 1950 .	On March 31 , 2006 , Furukawa , along with the towns of Iwadeyama and Naruko ( both from Tamatsukuri District ) , the towns of Kashimadai , Matsuyama and Sanbongi ( all from Shida District ) , and the town of Tajiri ( from Tōda District ) , to create the new city of Ōsaki .
Its deeply indented rias coastline forms the southern boundary of the Sanriku Fukkō National Park , which stretches north to Aomori Prefecture .	The city borders Hirota Bay , Kesennuma Bay , and the Pacific Ocean to the east and Minamisanriku , Miyagi to the south .
The team was most recently owned by Orlando Predators LLC , a company owned by David A. Siegel , and played its home games at Amway Center .	The team was founded in as an expansion team of the AFL .
He was the son of Francis Napier , 8th Lord Napier ( 1758–1823 ) and the father of Francis Napier , 10th Lord Napier and 1st Baron Ettrick ( 1819–1898 ) .	He enlisted in the Royal Navy in 1803 and served during the Battle of Trafalgar ( 1805 ) as a midshipman .
William `` Billy '' Sheehan ( born March 19 , 1953 ) , is an American bassist known for his work with Talas , Steve Vai , David Lee Roth , Mr. Big , Niacin , and The Winery Dogs .	Sheehan has won the `` Best Rock Bass Player '' readers ' poll from `` Guitar Player '' magazine five times for his `` lead bass '' playing style .
Strategic planning involves an analysis of the company 's strategic initial situation prior to the formulation , evaluation and selection of market-oriented competitive position that contributes to the company 's goals and marketing objectives .	Strategic marketing , as a distinct field of study emerged in the 1970s , and built on strategic management that preceded it .
There had been allegations during his lifetime , but they were dismissed and accusers ignored or disbelieved ; Savile took legal action against some accusers .	Savile worked in coal mines as a teenager , reportedly sustaining spinal injuries at the age of 14 , and was a Bevin Boy during the Second World War .
Traditionally , the area known as Natori District extended from the Natori River in the north and into the west .	However , these regions have been absorbed into the greater Sendai area and are no longer part of Natori .
Kakuda has a humid climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters .	The average annual temperature in Kakuda is 12.6 °C .
Per Japanese census data , the population of Tagajō has increased over the past 40 years .	Tagajō has a humid climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters .
He was inducted into the `` Modern Drummer '' Hall of Fame in 1997 .	His son and stepdaughter are also drummers ; the latter , Marina , being a member of the band Aldious .
Note that the theorem as stated above is only valid for `` simple '' polygons , i.e. , ones that consist of a single piece and do not contain holes .	For a polygon that has holes , with a boundary in the form of simple closed curves , the slightly more complicated formula gives the area .
Iwanuma has a humid climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters .	The average annual temperature in Iwanuma is 12.6 °C .
Holdsworth was known for his advanced knowledge of music , through which he incorporated a vast array of complex chord progressions and intricate solos ; the latter comprising myriad scale forms often derived from those such as the diminished , augmented , whole tone , chromatic and altered scales , among others , resulting in an unpredictable and `` outside '' sound .	His unique legato soloing technique stemmed from his original desire to play the saxophone .
The Yoneshiro River flows through the city and empties into the Sea of Japan near Noshiro Port .	The highest point is Mount Yakeyama at .
Delta and the Bannermen is the third serial of the 24th season of the British science fiction television series `` Doctor Who '' , which was first broadcast in three weekly parts from 2 to 16 November 1987 .	In the serial , aliens called the Bannermen track down the Chimeron Queen Delta ( Belinda Mayne ) to a Welsh holiday camp in 1959 so they can kill her .
A classic palynologist analyses particulate samples collected from the air , from water , or from deposits including sediments of any age .	The condition and identification of those particles , organic and inorganic , give the palynologist clues to the life , environment , and energetic conditions that produced them .
He then moved to the U.S. , where he played with Tony Williams 's group Lifetime and then with Miles Davis on his electric jazz-fusion albums `` In a Silent Way '' , `` Bitches Brew '' , `` Jack Johnson '' , and `` On the Corner '' .	His 1970s electric band , the Mahavishnu Orchestra , performed a technically virtuosic and complex style of music that fused electric jazz and rock with Indian influences .
Doctor Who : The Curse of Fatal Death is a `` Doctor Who '' special made for the Red Nose Day charity telethon in the United Kingdom , and was originally broadcast in four parts on BBC One on 12 March 1999 under the title Doctor Who and the Curse of Fatal Death .	Later home video releases are formatted as two parts and drop the `` and '' in the title .
Beginning around 3000 BC , settlements in area of Lorient are attested by the presence of megalithic architecture .	Ruins of Roman roads ( linking Vannes to Quimper and Port-Louis to Carhaix ) confirm Gallo-Roman presence .
He was known primarily for thirty-odd solo albums , of which `` A Brazilian Love Affair '' from 1980 was his most popular , as well as for his collaborations with other musicians , particularly Frank Zappa .	George Duke was born in San Rafael , California and raised in Marin City .
Shiroishi is in southern Miyagi Prefecture , in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan , bordered by Fukushima Prefecture to the south .	The southern peak of Mount Zaō is within the city borders .
The total area is .	Yokote is located in southeast corner of Akita Prefecture by the Ōu Mountains and Iwate Prefecture to the east .
The city is a basin surrounded by mountains on all sides .	Part of the city is within the borders of the Towada-Hachimantai National Park .
David Andrew Byrne SC ( born 6 April 1947 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and barrister who served as Chancellor of Dublin City University from 2006 to 2011 , European Commissioner for Health and Consumer Protection from 1999 to 2004 and the Attorney General of Ireland from 1997 to 1999 .	Byrne was born in Monasterevin , County Kildare .
Oga is located on the Oga Peninsula in northwestern Akita Prefecture , bordered by the Sea of Japan to the north , west and south .	The area of present-day Oga was part of ancient Dewa Province , dominated by the Satake clan during the Edo period , who ruled Kubota Domain under the Tokugawa shogunate .
As of May 2015 , the city has an estimated population of 47,119 , and a population density of 59.6 persons per km² .	The total area is .
They have many uses :	Some implementations of trampolines cause a loss of no-execute stacks ( NX stack ) .
Baseball pitcher Juei Ushiromatsu was born in Ōmagari .	The city was founded on May 3 , 1954 .
Much of the city is within the borders of the Towada-Hachimantai National Park .	Much of the city area is covered in forest .
The Mogami River passes through the city , which includes Mount Zaō within its borders .	Yamagata City falls within the southern extremity of the humid continental climate , transitioning into the humid subtropical climate in the south .
The Mogami River flows through the city .	Part of the city is within the borders of the Bandai-Asahi National Park .
Today 's Tsuruoka is the result of the fusion of several neighborhoods around the center of the city such as : Atsumi , Asahi , Fujishima , Kushibiki , and Haguro in 1953 .	Tsuruoka is located on the coast of Yamagata Prefecture bordering the Sea of Japan and has some locally popular beaches such as Yunohama and Sanze .
The island , as well as part of the mainland portion of the city , is within the borders of the Chōkai Quasi-National Park	Sakata has a humid subtropical climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) with very warm summers and cool winters .
Shinjō is located in a mountain basin in north-central Yamagata Prefecture .	The Mogami River runs through the city .
Sagae has a Humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Dfa '' ) with large seasonal temperature differences , with warm to hot ( and often humid ) summers and cold ( sometimes severely cold ) winters .	Precipitation is significant throughout the year , but is heaviest from August to October .
Kaminoyama has a Humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Dfa '' ) with large seasonal temperature differences , with warm to hot ( and often humid ) summers and cold ( sometimes severely cold ) winters .	Precipitation is significant throughout the year , but is heaviest from August to October .
The area of present-day Murayama was part of ancient Dewa Province .	After the start of the Meiji period , the area became part of Kitamurayama District , Yamagata Prefecture .
Precipitation is plentiful throughout the year , although the months from February to June have somewhat less rainfall .	The area of present-day Nagai was part of Dewa Province .
Tendō has a humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Dfa '' ) with very warm summers and cool winters .	Precipitation is plentiful throughout the year , although the months from February to June have somewhat less rainfall .
Higashine is located in the Yamagata Basin of central Yamagata , surrounded by mountains to the north , east and south .	The city 's western border is the Mogami River .
Precipitation is significant throughout the year , but is heaviest from August to October .	The area of present-day Obanazawa was part of ancient Dewa Province .
Nan'yo has a humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Dfa '' ) with large seasonal temperature differences , with warm to hot ( and often humid ) summers and cold ( sometimes severely cold ) winters .	Precipitation is significant throughout the year , but is heaviest from August to October .
It was introduced in Unix System V , replaced the previously used a.out format , and formed the basis for extended specifications such as XCOFF and ECOFF , before being largely replaced by ELF , introduced with SVR4 .	COFF and its variants continue to be used on some Unix-like systems , on Microsoft Windows , in EFI environments and in some embedded development systems .
He served as Undersecretary for Foreign Trade from 5 November 1982 , until 14 July 1986 , in the Cabinet Lubbers I .	And again a Member of the House of Representatives from 3 June 1986 , until 24 September 1988 , when he became Minister of Defence from 24 September 1988 , until 7 November 1989 , in the Cabinet Lubbers II .
Jackie DeShannon ( born August 21 , 1941 ) is an American singer-songwriter with a string of hit song credits from the 1960s onwards , as both singer and composer .	She was one of the first female singer-songwriters of the rock 'n ' roll period .
Allen & Unwin is an Australian independent publishing company , established in Australia in 1976 as a subsidiary of the British firm George Allen & Unwin Ltd. , which was founded by Sir Stanley Unwin in August 1914 and went on to become one of the leading publishers of the twentieth century .	George Allen and Sons was established in 1871 by George Allen , with the backing of John Ruskin , becoming George Allen and Unwin in 1914 as a result of Stanley Unwin 's purchase of a controlling interest .
Arnprior is a town in Renfrew County , in the eastern portion of Southern Ontario , Canada .	It is located at the confluence of the Madawaska River and the Ottawa River in the Ottawa Valley .
The regiment has participated in community functions for over 100 years , in addition to fulfilling its operational duties around the world .	Since its inception , the men and women of the regiment have been among the first Canadians to step forward and answer their nation 's call .
Hammond also wrote all the stories except for the fifth , which was co-written by Don Houghton and Anthony Read .	From 2005 to 2008 , Sapphire and Steel returned in a series of audio dramas produced by Big Finish Productions , starring David Warner and Susannah Harker as the titular Steel and Sapphire .
The city of Paris is about south of the 49th parallel and is the largest city between the 48th and 49th parallels .	Its main airport , Charles de Gaulle Airport , lies on the parallel .
Shooting took place in Venezuela and California and the film was released in the United States on July 18 , 1990 .	It was a modest commercial success , gaining $ 53.21 million at the box office and received generally positive reviews from critics .
The family Petauridae includes 11 medium-sized possum species : four striped possums , six species of wrist-winged gliders in the genus `` Petaurus '' and Leadbeater 's possum , which has only vestigial gliding membranes .	Most of the wrist-winged gliders are native to Australia , most of the striped possums ( genus `` Dactylopsila '' ) to New Guinea , but some members of each are found on both sides of the Torres Strait .
Soviet industrialization in the pre-war years ( starting in the 1920s ) had been rapid , but quantity was given priority over quality and Soviet engineers were comparatively inexperienced as the Soviet Union started off as a primarily agricultural society .	Therefore , the quality of Soviet combat vehicles was inferior to western Allied and German vehicles .
Anastomoses that are abnormal , whether congenital or acquired , are often called fistulas .	The term is used in medicine , biology , mycology , geology , geography and architecture .
The average annual temperature in Shirakawa is 11.4 °C .	The average annual rainfall is 1377 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August , at around 25.0 °C , and lowest in January , at around 0.3 °C .
`` The Other Wind '' is a sequel to `` Tehanu '' , the fourth novel , and to `` Dragonfly '' , one story collected in `` Tales from Earthsea '' .	Alder , a village sorcerer who is adept at mending , has been tormented by dreams since the death of his beloved wife Lily .
On January 1 , 2006 , Haramachi , along with the towns of Kashima and Odaka ( both from Sōma District ) , was merged to create the city of Minamisōma .	The city was founded on March 20 , 1954 .
The average annual temperature in Sukagawa is .	The average annual rainfall is with September as the wettest month .
Yamagata Prefecture	Niigata Prefecture
Sōma has a humid climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) characterized by mild summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall .	The average annual temperature in Sōma is 12.6 °C .
Nihonmatsu 's western border consists of the Adatara mountain range .	The Abukuma River runs through the eastern part ( forming the border between the former towns of Adachi and Tōwa ) , flowing from south to north .
Borough Park is home to one of the largest Orthodox Jewish communities outside Israel , with one of the largest concentrations of Jews in the United States , and Orthodox traditions rivaling many insular communities .	As the average number of children in Orthodox and Haredi families is 6.72 , Borough Park is experiencing a sharp growth in population .
Inashiki is located in central Ibaraki Prefecture , bordered by Lake Kasumigaura to the south .	During the Nara period , the provincial capital of Hitachi Province was located in what is now part of the city of Ishioka .
The city was founded on March 15 , 1954 , centered on Shimodate Station on the JR Mito Line .	It is also the southern terminus of the Mooka Line ( ex-JR , transferred to private ownership 1988 ) and the northern terminus of the Kanto Railway Jōsō Line .
The Kinugawa River flows through the city .	The area of Yūki was an important center for the production of cotton , flax and woven goods from the Nara period .
It is bounded by Sunset Park on the north , Dyker Heights on the east , the Narrows and the Belt Parkway on the west , and Fort Hamilton Army Base and the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge on the south .	The section of Bay Ridge south of 86th Street is sometimes considered part of a sub-neighborhood called Fort Hamilton .
Nicholas M. Schenck ( 14 November 1880 , Rybinsk , Russia – 4 March 1969 , Florida ) was an American film studio executive and businessman .	One of seven children , Schenck was born to a Jewish household in Rybinsk , a Volga River town in Tsarist Russia .
The district adopted its name after the Saanich First Nation , meaning `` emerging land '' or `` emerging people '' .	The District acts as a bedroom community immediately to the north of Victoria , British Columbia .
The town of Ryūgasaki was created with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .	The city was formed on March 20 , 1954 , when the aforementioned town merged with : , , , , and .
`` .	In recent years , McCallum has gained renewed international recognition and popularity for his role as NCIS medical examiner Dr. Donald `` Ducky '' Mallard in the American television series `` NCIS '' .
It was the center of Shimotsuma Domain under the Tokugawa shogunate during the Edo period .	The modern town of Shimotsuma was established on April 1 , 1889 with the establishment of the municipalities system .
The Kinugawa River flows through the city .	The town of Mitsukaidō was established within Toyoda District with the creation of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
The town of Ota was established with the creation of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .	It was raised to city status on July 15 , 1954 .
Located in northern Ibaraki Prefecture , Takahagi is bordered by the Pacific Ocean to the east , and by Fukushima Prefecture to the northwest .	During the Edo period , parts of the modern city of Takahagi were administered by Matsuoka Domain , one of the feudal domains of the Tokugawa shogunate .
The eastern region is low ground facing the ocean with spacious open flatland along the Okita and Satone Rivers .	It is approximately 57 kilometers to the northeast of Mito , the prefectural capital .
Kasama is located in the central Ibaraki Prefecture .	Kasama is surrounded by mountains on all sides .
The Tone River passes along the southern border of Toride , which also marks the Ibaraki/Chiba border .	It is approximately 40 kilometers from central Tokyo .
Ushiku is located in southern Ibaraki Prefecture , in the low-lying marshy flatlands south of Lake Kasumigaura .	It is about 50 kilometers from central Tokyo .
Katsuta was elevated to town status in 1940 .	During World War II , the area was subject to air raids and to shelling by Allied warships due to its numerous factories producing war-related materials .
He has been married since 1976 to writer Susan Olasky , and they have four sons and five grandchildren .	Olasky was born in Malden , Massachusetts , United States , to a Russian-Jewish family .
Training involves severe ascetic practices , after which the woman is said to be able to communicate with Japanese Shinto spirits , `` kami '' , and the spirits of the dead .	`` Itako '' perform rituals tied to communication with the dead and divination .
In terms of area , it is the smallest city in Ibaraki Prefecture .	It is located approximately 35 kilometers from central Tokyo .
Aqaba ( ; ) is the only coastal city in Jordan and the largest and most populous city on the Gulf of Aqaba .	Situated in southernmost Jordan , Aqaba is the administrative centre of the Aqaba Governorate .
Aqabah ( , and also called Al Aqabah , Aqaba , or Al Aqaba ) is a Palestinian village in the northeastern West Bank , which is being targeted for demolition by the Israeli Civil Administration ( the IDF agency responsible for controlling the West Bank ) as the majority of structures were alleged to have been built without permits from the Israeli military administration .	Surrounded by two Israeli military bases and a ‘ virtual wall ’ of checkpoints , Al-Aqaba 's connections to neighboring communities , markets and the Jordan Valley have been gradually severed : since 1967 , al-Aqaba 's population has decreased by 85 % , dropping from around 2,000 to 300 today .
Elath ( ; ) , or Eloth , was an ancient city mentioned in several places in the Hebrew Bible on the northern tip of the Gulf of Aqaba .	It was in the same vicinity as Ezion-Geber .
Delta is a city in British Columbia , and forms part of Greater Vancouver .	Located south of Richmond , it is bordered by the Fraser River to the north , the United States ( Point Roberts , Washington ) to the south and the city of Surrey to the east .
The town of Utsunomiya developed around this shrine , and the area was under the control of the Utsunomiya clan , an offshoot of the Fujiwara clan from the Heian through Sengoku periods , and was destroyed by Toyotomi Hideyoshi .	During the Edo period , the Utsunomiya area was ruled by a succession of `` daimyō '' clans under Utsunomiya Domain , and prospered from its location at the junction of the Nikkō Kaidō and the Ōshū Kaidō .
During the Edo period , Sano was a castle town and the seat of the `` daimyō '' of Sano Domain .	Following the Meiji Restoration , the town of Sano was created within Aso District , Tochigi with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
Kanuma was the castle town for a 25,000 `` koku '' feudal domain in the early Edo period .	Even after the domain was suppressed by the Tokugawa shogunate , the area continued to prosper from its location with a number of post stations on the Nikkō Reiheishi Kaidō .
Both the Watarase River and the Kinugawa River pass through the city .	Lake Chūzenji and the Kegon Falls lie in Nikkō , as does the Nikko Botanical Garden .
On March 20 , 2006 , Imaichi , along with the town of Ashio ( from Kamitsuga District ) , the town of Fujihara , and the village of Kuriyama ( both from Shioya District ) , was merged into the expanded city of Nikkō .	Following this merger , the former Imaichi City Hall became the new Nikkō City Hall .
Mooka is located in southeast Tochigi Prefecture .	The town on Mooka was established within Tsuga District , Tochigi on April 1 , 1889 with the creation of the municipalities system .
About 50 % of Ōtawara is covered by rice fields with about 12 % being mountains and forests .	The average elevation of Ōtawara is 217.76 meters .
The area is well watered , with numerous springs and rivers .	Yaita , Izumi and Kataoka villages were created within Shioya District on April 1 , 1889 with the creation of the municipalities system .
The former city was founded on November 1 , 1970 .	In 2003 , the city had an estimated population of 60,145 and a density of 175.29 persons per km² .
The total area is 59.46 km² , the largest of the special wards .	Ōta 's hub is situated around the two stations and , where the Ōta Ward Office and central Post Office can be found .
Modern Numata Town was created within Tone District , Gunma Prefecture on April 1 , 1889 with the creation of the municipalities system after the Meiji Restoration .	On March 1 , 1954 , Numata merged with neighboring Tonami , Ikeda , Usune and Kawada villages , and was raised to city status .
Tatebayashi Town was created within Ōra District , Gunma Prefecture on April 1 , 1889 with the creation of the municipalities system after the Meiji Restoration .	On April 1 , 1954 the town of Tatebayashi and the villages of Satoya , Ōshima , Akabane , Rokugō , Minoya , Tatara , and Watarase merged to form the city Tatebayashi .
To the north are Mount Onoko and Mount Komochi .	The Tone River flows from the north ( between Mount Akagi and Mount Komochi ) southward through the city , while the Agatsuma River flows from the west ( between Mount Onoko and Mount Haruna ) , merging with the Tone River near the center of the city .
In 1896 , Minamikanra District was united with Midorino District and Tago District to create Tano District .	On April 1 , 1954 , Fujioka annexed Kanna , Ono , Midori and Mikuri villages and was elevated to city status .
It became Tomioka Town within Kitakanra District , Gunma Prefecture on April 1 , 1889 with the creation of the municipalities system after the Meiji Restoration .	In 1950 Kitakanra District was renamed Kanra District .
During the Edo period , the area of present-day Annaka was the center of the `` Annaka Domain '' , a feudal domain held by the Itakura clan under the Tokugawa shogunate in Kōzuke Province .	The area also prospered from its location on the Nakasendō highway connecting Edo with Kyoto .
The closest living relative of the flathead is the widemouth blindcat , `` Satan eurystomus '' .	The Flathead catfish is known as Yellow cat , Mud cat , Shovelhead cat , Johnnie cat , Goujon , Appaluchion , and Opelousas .
It extends south from the Fraser River to the U.S. border , and west of the City of Abbotsford .	Langley Township is not to be confused with the City of Langley , which is adjacent to the township but politically is a separate entity .
After the Meiji restoration , it briefly became capital of Kawagoe Prefecture ( 1871 ) then Iruma Prefecture ( 1871–1873 ) , before becoming part of Saitama Prefecture .	The modern town of Kawagoe was created within Iruma District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
Exit numbers begin at its intersection with I-20 in southwest Fort Worth , and continue in a clockwise direction around the city until it ends at its intersection with I-20 in southeast Fort Worth .	A portion of I-820 in the northeast quadrant is co-signed with State Highway 121 as well as State Highway 183 .
As of May 1 , 2010 , registered population was 516,409 , including 20,808 alien residents , continuing a trend of population growth in the city since 1933 when the city was founded .	There has been a gradual increase in the number of non-Japanese residents living in the city because of the convenient location to Tokyo and relatively low rent .
Chichibu is in the westernmost part of Saitama .	Unlike other parts of the prefecture , it is largely mountainous and the population is concentrated in river terraces along the Arakawa River .
Located in the central part of the Musashino Terrace , about 30 km west of central Tokyo .	Tokorozawa can be considered part of the greater Tokyo area ; its proximity to the latter and lower housing costs make it a popular bedroom community .
Both the Iruma River and the Koma River flow through the city .	Hannō is mainly made up of urban and suburban areas , surrounded by mountains and rivers .
The area of modern Kazo has been settled since prehistoric times and many burial mounds from the Kofun period dot the landscape .	The name `` Kazo '' appears in Nara period documents describing within Musashi Province .
Located in northwestern Saitama Prefecture , Honjō is on the upper reaches of the Tone River .	The area of Honjō has been inhabited since prehistoric times and numerous burial mounds from the Kofun period have been found in the area .
Matsuyama merged with the villages of Ooka , Karako , Takasaka and Nomoto on July1 , 1954 , and was elevated to city status as Higashimatsuyama .	Traditionally the economy of Higashimatsuyama was dominated by sericulture and silk weaving .
Iwasuki Ward is within the Kantō Plain , in the northeast portion of Saitama City .	Iwatsuki-ku is surrounded by Minuma-ku ( west ) , Midori-ku ( southwest ) , and the cities of Kawaguchi ( south ) , Koshigaya ( southeast ) , Kasukabe ( northeast ) , Shiraoka ( north ) , and Hasuda ( northwest ) .
The modern town of Kasukabe was created within Minamisaitama District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .	On April 1 , 1944 , Kasukabe annexed the neighboring village of Uchimaki .
The Iruma River flows through the city .	During the Kamakura period , the area developed as a post station on the Kamakura Kaidō highway , as the dividing point on the routes to Kōzuke Province and Shimotsuke Province .
Before the river was redirected to its current course to control flooding , it used to flow through the city .	This river was used as a major shipping route for locally produced textiles and goods from further up river .
Saitama Prefecture	Kōnosu-shuku was a post station on the Nakasendō highway during the Edo period .
Both the Tone River and the Ara River flow through the city .	Fukaya was the site of a castle built by the Uesugi clan in 1456 , and later the site of Okabe Domain a feudal domain under the Tokugawa shogunate .
Ageo 's rail station opened in 1883 .	In 1889 , Ageo-juku merged with the hamlets of Ageoshimo , Kashiwaza , Kasugayatsu and Yatsu to form the town of Ageo with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
Sōka is surrounded to the east by the cities of Yashio , Misato and Yoshikawa , and to the west by Kawaguchi .	To the north is Koshigaya and to the south Adachi Ward of Metropolitan Tokyo .
Koshigaya-shuku prospered during the Edo period as a post station on the Nikkō Kaidō and the Ōshū Kaidō highways , and the town served as the temporary residence of the Tokugawa shōgun after the 1657 Great Fire of Meireki which destroyed Edo Castle .	The modern town of Koshigaya ( then spelled 越ヶ谷 ) was created within Minamisaitama District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
Located in far eastern Saitama Prefecture , Warabi has the smallest area of any municipality in Japan , and highest population density outside of the special wards of Tokyo .	The city is mostly flatland , with an average elevation of 4.8 meters above sea level .
The town of Toyooka and villages of Kaneko , Miyadera , Fujisawa and Higashikaneko were created within Iruma District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .	The Imperial Japanese Army Air Academy established an airfield in the area in 1938 , which later developed into Iruma Air Base .
The area of modern Asaka developed as a series of four post stations on the Koshigoe Kaidō highway from the Muromachi period onwards .	The village of Hizaori was created within Niikura District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
Niikura District was abolished in 1894 , becoming part of Kitaadachi District , Saitama .	Shiki merged with neighboring Muraoka Village on May 3 , 1955 , becoming the town of Adachi .
The area of modern Wakō developed from the Muromachi period as Shirako-juku , a post station on the Kawagoe-kaidō highway .	The villages of Shirako and Niikura were created within Niikura District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
The area of modern Niiza has been settled since prehistoric times .	Nara period records indicate that immigrants from Silla on the Korean peninsula came to the area in 758 AD .
The Arakawa River flows through the city .	During the Edo period , Okegawa-shuku was the sixth of the sixty-nine stations of the Nakasendō .
On July 1 , 1954 , Kuki merged with the neighboring villages of Ota , Ezura and Kiyoku .	Kuki was elevated to city status on October 1 , 1971 .
Kōnosu-shuku was one of the post stations on the Nakasendō highway until 1602 , when it was relocated north ; the original location was renamed Motojuku , and later , Kitamotojuku , which is the origin of the name of the modern city .	With the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 , Kitamotojuku was merged with several neighboring hamlets to form the village of Ishito within Kitaadachi District , Saitama .
Located in far southeastern Saitama Prefecture at an elevation of only three meters above sea level , Yashio is on the central reaches of the Naka River , and is approximately 20 kilometers from downtown Tokyo .	The area of modern Yoshikawa was tenryō territory within Shimōsa Province during the Edo period Tokugawa shogunate .
The village of Fujimi was created within Iruma District , Saitama on September 30 , 1956 by the merger of the villages of Tsuruse and Nanbata with the village of Mizutani from Kitaadachi District .	Large scale public housing projects in the 1960s and 1970s led to a rapid increase in population , and Fujimi attained town status on April 1 , 1964 and city status on April 10 , 1972 .
It is approximately 20 kilometers from downtown Tokyo .	The area of modern Misato was originally part of Shimōsa Province , and was transferred to Musashi Province in 1683 .
Located in eastern Saitama Prefecture , Hasuda is directly north of the prefectural capital of Saitama City .	The area of modern Hasuda has been settled since the prehistoric period , and there are numerous archaeological sites , including shell middens and burial mounds within the city limits .
During the late Edo period and early Meiji period , the area was noted for sericulture .	The village of Sakado was created within Iruma District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 and was elevated to city status on December 10 , 1896 .
During the Kamakura period , Satte developed as a post town on the Kamakura Kaidō , and maintained that role through the Edo period with the Nikkō Kaidō and the Nikkō Onari Kaidō .	The town of Satte was created within Kitakatsushika District , Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .
Tsurugashima Station is approximately 40 minutes from Ikebukuro Station in Tokyo on the Tobu Tojo Line by direct express train .	The area around modern Tsurugashima has been inhabited since prehistoric times , and a number of large burial mounds from the Kofun period are preserved within the city limits .
The three villages of Komagawa , Koma and Takahagi were established within Koma District with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .	In 1896 Koma District was abolished , becoming part of Iruma District .
It was raised to town status on November 1 , 1915 .	On March 1 , 1955 , Yoshikawa annexed the neighboring villages of Asahi and Miwanoe .
AFC Wimbledon is a professional football club currently based in Kingston upon Thames , south west London , England , which has played in League One , the third tier of the English football league system , since promotion in 2016 .	Their home stadium is Kingsmeadow , a ground shared with Isthmian League club Kingstonian F.C .
Ibaraki Prefecture	Chōshi has a humid subtropical climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) with very warm summers and cool winters .
Its close proximity to Tokyo makes it a convenient location for commuters ; it is connected to Tokyo by the JR Chuo-Sobu Line , the Toei Shinjuku Line , the Tokyo Metro Tozai Line , the Toei Asakusa Line , and the Keisei Line .	Ichikawa is located on the alluvial plain of the Edogawa River on the northern end of Tokyo Bay , with Tokyo Metropolis forming its western border .
Chiba Prefecture	Tateyama has a humid subtropical climate ( Köppen climate classification `` Cfa '' ) with very warm summers and cool winters .
Matsudo is located in the far northwestern corner of Chiba Prefecture , bordered by the Edo River to the west .	Chiba Prefecture
The total area is 103.54 km² .	Noda is located in the far northwestern corner of Chiba Prefecture .
Modern Sawara Town was created in 1889 .	Sawara-city established on March 15 , 1951 through merger with neighboring town of Katori and the villages of Kasai and Higashi-Oto .
The elevation is low , ranging from 8–9 meters in the east , and rising to 100 meters in the west .	Its proximity to the Pacific Ocean together with warming effects of the Kuroshio Current , give the area a mild maritime climate , with hot , humid summers and cool , mild winters .
Its total area is .	The area Narita has been inhabited since the Japanese Paleolithic period .
Along with the chrysanthemum , the cherry blossom is considered the national flower of Japan .	Many of the varieties that have been cultivated for ornamental use produce small , unpalatable fruit .
Tōgane is located in north-center of Bōsō Peninsula at the border of the Bōsō Hill Range .	It is approximately 50 kilometers from downtown Tokyo .
It changed its name to Yōkaichiba on December 8 , 1915 .	On March 31 , 1954 , the town expanded greatly through the annexation of the neighboring villages of Heiwa , Chinkai , Sōsa , Toyosaka , Suga , Kyōkō , Yoshida , Iidaka , and Toyowa , all within Sōsa District .
Asahi has a mild climate .	The average yearly temperature is 15 degrees Celsius .
Roldán was very famous across Latin America during the 1980s , many articles about him appearing on `` Ring En Español '' magazine .	Roldán , born in Freyre , Córdoba Province , Argentina province , made his professional debut December 8 , 1978 in San Francisco , Argentina , against Jorge Servin , winning by knockout in round one .
Kamloops ( ) is a city in south-central British Columbia , Canada , at the confluence of the two branches of the Thompson River near Kamloops Lake .	With a population of 90,280 ( 2016 ) , it is the largest community in the Thompson-Nicola Regional District and the location of the regional district 's offices .
The name of the city is written with a single `` kanji '' character : , a reference to `` Quercus dentata '' , commonly known in English as the Japanese emperor oak or daimyo oak .	Kashiwa is located on the Shimōsa Plateau in the far northwestern corner of Chiba Prefecture .
Katsuura City is famous for Katsuura Fishing Port , which features one of the top three largest morning markets in Japan .	Katsuura is located on the east coast of southern Chiba Prefecture in the approximate center of the Bōsō Peninsula .
The total area is .	The city is home , together with the city of Chiba , to the JEF United soccer team .
During the Edo period , Nagareyama was a river port on the Edogawa River .	After the Meiji Restoration , Nagareyama Town was created in Inba District , Chiba Prefecture on April 1 , 1889 .
The Shin River , in length , flows through Yachiyo and forms the upper part of the Inba Discharge Channel .	Pollution is problematic along the river .
The total area is 43.19 km .	Abiko is located in the far northwestern corner of Chiba Prefecture , bordered by the Tone River to the north .
Kamogawa is near the southeastern tip of the Bōsō Peninsula , facing the Pacific Ocean , about 70 km south of the prefectural capital , Chiba City , and about 85 km from the capital of Japan , Tokyo .	The area has a warm maritime climate with hot summers and mild winters .
As of December 1 , 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 108,392 , and a population density of 5,140 persons per km .	The total area is .
It borders Tokyo Bay .	Two small rivers cross Kimitsu , the Koito River and the Obitsu River .
Chiba Prefecture	The area of modern Futtsu has been inhabited since the Japanese Paleolithic period , and numerous remains from the Jōmon , Yayoi and Kofun period have been found within the city limits .
There are two parts to Urayasu : the original fishing village on Tokyo Bay , and the newer reclaimed land portion that adjoins Tokyo Disneyland .	The new landfill area is called `` Shin-Urayasu '' ( New-Urayasu ) , and has an `` American '' inspired layout , with a grid-like map of wide streets , large sidewalks , palm trees and parks .
Chiba Prefecture	Yotsukaidō was inhabited by the Mononobe clan in ancient Japan , from whose name the Monoi region of the city is derived .
As of December 1 , 2015 , the city had an estimated population of 60,995 , and a population density of 643 persons per km .	The total area is .
Yachimata was part of a region of horse ranches under the direct control of the Tokugawa shogunate in the Edo period .	After the Meiji Restoration , the hamlet of Yachimata was founded on November 2 , 1872 within Inba District , Chiba Prefecture .
The total area is 123.80 km² .	Inzai is located in the important area of northern Chiba Prefecture connecting Tokyo and Narita .
From shortly after World War II until the early 1960s Shiroi was the site of a United States Air Force Base ( ShiroiI AFB APO 73 ) .	Shiroi was elevated to town status on September 1 , 1964 .
Tomisato Village was founded on April 1 , 1889 within Inba District , Chiba Prefecture .	On April 1 , 1985 it was elevated to town status , and later was elevated to city status on April 1 , 2002 .
Sherwood Park is a large hamlet in Alberta , Canada within Strathcona County that is recognized as an urban service area .	It is located adjacent to the City of Edmonton 's eastern boundary , generally south of Highway 16 ( Yellowhead Trail ) , west of Highway 21 and north of Highway 630 ( Wye Road ) .
He was the leader of the Commonwealth Liberal Party from 1913 to 1917 , after earlier serving as the leader of the Anti-Socialist Party from 1908 to 1909 .	Cook was born in Silverdale , Staffordshire , England , and began working in the local coal mines at the age of nine .
James Corbitt Morris ( June 20 , 1907 – July 12 , 1998 ) , known professionally as Jimmy Driftwood or Jimmie Driftwood , was an American folk music songwriter and musician , most famous for his songs `` The Battle of New Orleans '' and `` Tennessee Stud '' .	Driftwood wrote more than 6,000 folk songs , of which more than 300 were recorded by various musicians .
Prince , a stockbroker , and Blanche Stern .	Following his graduation from the Dwight School in New York , he entered the University of Pennsylvania , where he followed a liberal arts curriculum and graduated three years later at age 19 .
Many clubs have monthly star parties during the warmer months .	Large regional star parties are held annually and are an important part of the hobby of amateur astronomy .
It is located on the southeasterly tip of Georgian Bay .	Incorporated on February 22 , 1882 , this bilingual ( French and English ) community has a population of 8,962 in the Canada 2016 Census .
The only source of his voyage is a Greek `` periplus '' .	According to some modern analyses of his route , Hanno 's expedition could have reached as far south as Gabon , however , others have taken him no further than southern Morocco .
Within those two classes are five types according to the receptors to which they bind : glucocorticoids , mineralocorticoids ( corticosteroids ) , androgens , estrogens , and progestogens ( sex steroids ) .	Vitamin D derivatives are a sixth closely related hormone system with homologous receptors .
This genus contains only three species .	Further species could easily remain undiscovered , due to the secretive habits of `` Glyphis '' sharks .
Émile Cohl ( ; January 4 , 1857 – January 20 , 1938 ) , born Émile Eugène Jean Louis Courtet , was a French caricaturist of the largely forgotten Incoherent Movement , cartoonist , and animator , called `` The Father of the Animated Cartoon '' and `` The Oldest Parisian '' .	Émile 's father Elie was a rubber salesman , and his mother , Emilie Laure , was a linen seamstress .
The Kaimai Range separates the Waikato in the west from the Bay of Plenty in the east .	The highest point of the range is Mount Te Aroha ( 952 m ) , at the foot of which is the town of Te Aroha .
The cast consisted of 11 twenty-something comedians who created , acted , wrote , directed and edited the show .	Several memorable characters were created for the show , and for a short time their catchphrases entered into the vernacular .
Some DIN connector standards are :	In the context of consumer electronics , the term `` DIN connector '' commonly refers to a member of a family of circular connectors that were initially standardized by DIN for analog audio signals .
It was an export-only model , never being officially sold in Japan .	Due to this , the BRAT became a popular grey import vehicle in Japan .
Cachexia , or wasting syndrome , is loss of weight , muscle atrophy , fatigue , weakness and significant loss of appetite in someone who is not actively trying to lose weight .	Cachexia is seen in people with cancer , AIDS , coeliac disease , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , multiple sclerosis , rheumatoid arthritis , congestive heart failure , tuberculosis , familial amyloid polyneuropathy , mercury poisoning ( acrodynia ) , Crohn 's disease , untreated/severe type 1 diabetes mellitus , anorexia nervosa and hormonal deficiency .
GMC traces its history to the 1902 founding of the Rapid Motor Vehicle Company in Pontiac , MI .	In 1909 William C. Durant gained control of Rapid Motor Vehicle Company and made it a subsidiary of his General Motors Company .
Abdi is a male name .	It is a given name with many origins in many countries including Arabic .
The red-billed tropicbird ( `` Phaethon aethereus '' ) is a tropicbird , one of three closely related species of seabird of tropical oceans .	Superficially resembling a tern in appearance , it has mostly white plumage with some black markings on the wings and back , a black mask and , as its suggests , a red bill .
She was the High Priestess of the goddess Inanna and the moon god Nanna ( Sin ) .	She lived in the Sumerian city-state of Ur .
The Geographical Fugue or Fuge aus der Geographie is the most famous piece for spoken chorus by Ernst Toch .	Toch was a prominent composer in 1920s Berlin , and singlehandedly invented the idiom of the `` Spoken Chorus '' .
Vernet was born to Carle Vernet , another famous painter , who was himself a son of Claude Joseph Vernet .	He was born in the Paris Louvre , while his parents were staying there during the French Revolution .
His career included stints on the Republican right and the New Left before embracing free-market anarchism .	Later in life , he summed up his role in the economy by remarking `` I am by occupation a free marketer ( crafts and ideas , woodworking , welding , and writing ) . ''
Coromandel Town is a town on the Coromandel Harbour , on the western side of the Coromandel , which is in the North Island of New Zealand .	It is 75 kilometres east of the city of Auckland , although the road between them , which winds around the Firth of Thames and Hauraki Gulf coasts , is 190 km long .
He was also an outspoken critic of the Nigerian government , which he viewed as reluctant to enforce environmental regulations on the foreign petroleum companies operating in the area .	At the peak of his non-violent campaign , he was tried by a special military tribunal for allegedly masterminding the gruesome murder of Ogoni chiefs at a pro-government meeting , and hanged in 1995 by the military dictatorship of General Sani Abacha .
Media of India consist of several different types of Indian communications media : television , cinema , newspapers , magazines , and Internet-based Web sites .	Many of the media are controlled by large , for-profit corporations which reap revenue from advertising , subscriptions , and sale of copyrighted material .
Jap is an English abbreviation of the word `` Japanese '' .	Today it is generally regarded as an ethnic slur among Japanese minority populations in other countries , although English-speaking countries differ in the degree to which they consider the term offensive .
Together with the electron , the muon , and the three neutrinos , it is a lepton .	Like all elementary particles with half-integer spin , the tau has a corresponding antiparticle of opposite charge but equal mass and spin , which in the tau 's case is the antitau ( also called the `` positive tau '' ) .
Typically , such communities have experienced recent population growth and urban sprawl , which causes the area to more closely resemble and function as one single conurbation .	Under these circumstances , a single law enforcement agency with a unified command , jurisdiction and support structure comes to be seen as more appropriate and efficient .
He attended Yale University , as a member of the Class of 1900 , graduating in 1901 , marrying Mary Galt Stockly and moving to Paris , where he did his initial writing .	He was a war correspondent for the `` New York Times '' and `` Collier 's '' during World War I .
In calculus , the squeeze theorem , also known as the pinching theorem , the sandwich theorem , the sandwich rule , and sometimes the squeeze lemma , is a theorem regarding the limit of a function .	The squeeze theorem is used in calculus and mathematical analysis .
Dutch colonisation of the Guianas the coastal region between the Orinoco and Amazon rivers in South America began in the early 16th century .	The Dutch originally claimed all of Guiana ( also called `` De wilde kust '' , the `` Wild Coast '' ) but following attempts to sell it first to Bavaria and then to Hanau and the loss of sections to Portugal , Britain , and France the section actually settled and controlled by the Netherlands became known as Dutch Guiana ( Dutch : `` Nederlands-Guiana '' ) .
Yigal Amir ( ; born May 23 , 1970 ) is an Israeli who assassinated Prime Minister of Israel Yitzhak Rabin .	The assassination took place on November 4 , 1995 , at the conclusion of a rally in Tel Aviv , Israel .
AA is an international mutual aid fellowship with about 2 million members worldwide belonging to approximately 10,000 groups , associations , organizations , cooperatives , and fellowships of alcoholics helping other alcoholics achieve and maintain sobriety .	Following AA 's Twelfth Tradition of anonymity , Wilson is commonly known as `` Bill W. '' or `` Bill . ''
The Twelve Traditions of twelve-step programs provide guidelines for relationships between the twelve-step groups , members , other groups , the global fellowship , and society at large .	Questions of finance , public relations , donations , and purpose are addressed in the Traditions .
Masquerade , metalwork , sculpture , architecture , fiber art , and dance are important art forms across Africa and may be included in the study of African art .	The term `` African art '' does not usually include the art of the North African areas along the Mediterranean coast , as such areas had long been part of different traditions .
Such a judgment may be issued on the merits of an entire case , or on discrete issues in that case .	In common-law systems , questions about what the law actually is in a particular case are decided by judges ; in rare cases jury nullification of the law may act to contravene or complement the instructions or orders of the judge , or other officers of the court .
Getty has distribution offices around the world and capitalizes on the Internet and for distribution .	As Getty has acquired other older photo agencies and archives , it has digitized their collections , enabling online distribution .
Unlike other individuals who are less well-known to the general public , public officials and public figures are held to a higher standard for what they must prove before they may succeed in a defamation lawsuit .	This term was adopted by the Supreme Court in its landmark 1964 ruling in `` New York Times Co. v. Sullivan '' , in which the Court held that :
He was the National Convenor ( leader ) of the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) from 1969–1979 , playing a central role in the transformation of the SNP into a modern , progressive political movement , and in the development of the SNP ’ s social democratic political philosophy .	Wolfe was born in Bathgate , West Lothian , the son of Thomas Wolfe , owner of George Wolfe & Sons Ltd. and the Bathgate Forge Co. Ltd , which manufactured shovels .
In 1970 , he was charged , along with two other Soledad Brothers , with the murder of prison guard John Vincent Mills in the aftermath of a prison fight .	The same year , he published `` Soledad Brother : The Prison Letters of George Jackson '' , a combination of autobiography and manifesto addressed to a black American audience .
He is the first person in history to reach the Geographic and Magnetic North and South Poles as well as climb the highest peaks in all seven continents , the Adventurers Grand Slam .	David Hempleman was born in Moredon , Swindon in October 1956 .
The HZMB was designed to last for 120 years and built with a cost of 126.9 billion yuan ( US $ billion ) .	The cost of constructing the Main Bridge was estimated at 51.1 billion yuan ( US $ 7.56 billion ) funded by bank loans and shared among the governments of mainland China , Hong Kong and Macau .
Kershaw appeared at the dual-venue concert Live Aid in 1985 and has also penned a number of hits for other artists , including a UK number-one single in 1991 for Chesney Hawkes , `` The One and Only '' .	Kershaw was born on 1 March 1958 in Bristol , England , and grew up in Ipswich , Suffolk .
He is known for his roles as Kevin Girardi in the television series `` Joan of Arcadia '' , Ethan Haas in `` The Class '' , Sean Walker in the NBC series `` The Event '' , and as the voice of Dipper Pines in `` Gravity Falls '' .	He also played the recurring role of Mark Cyr in the NBC television series `` Parenthood '' , for which he received an Emmy Award nomination .
`` The Times '' obituary called him `` the creator of the modern educational system , the key-figure in the revival of post-war Conservatism , arguably the most successful chancellor since the war and unquestionably a Home Secretary of reforming zeal . ''	He was one of his party 's leaders in promoting the post-war consensus through which the major parties largely agreed on the main points of domestic policy until the 1970s , sometimes known as `` Butskellism '' from an elision of his name with that of his Labour counterpart Hugh Gaitskell .
It is `` not '' the umbrella organisation for Linux User Groups in Europe .	It describes itself as : `` The EuroLinux Alliance for a Free Information Infrastructure is an open coalition of commercial companies and non-profit associations united to promote and protect a vigorous European Software Culture based on copyright , open standards , open competition and open source software such as Linux .
Edward Henry Gordon Craig ( born Edward Godwin ; 16 January 1872 – 29 July 1966 ) , sometimes known as Gordon Craig , was an English modernist theatre practitioner ; he worked as an actor , director and scenic designer , as well as developing an influential body of theoretical writings .	Craig was the son of actress Dame Ellen Terry .
Dundee United Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in the city of Dundee .	Formed in 1909 , originally as Dundee Hibernian , the club changed to the present name in 1923 .
Irving is widely acknowledged to be one of the inspirations for Count Dracula , the title character of the 1897 novel `` Dracula ''	whose author , Bram Stoker , was business manager of the theatre .
He was educated at Marlborough College and the College Rollin in Paris , following which he was in Russia for three years studying for the Foreign Office .	However , instead he took up acting , making his first appearance in 1893 in F. R. Benson 's theatrical company ( not counting childhood performances ) .
Alexander John Gosse Downer AC ( born 9 September 1951 ) is a former Australian politician and diplomat who was leader of the Liberal Party from 1994 to 1995 , Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1996 to 2007 , and High Commissioner to the United Kingdom from 2014 to 2018 .	Downer was born in Adelaide , the son of Sir Alick Downer and the grandson of Sir John Downer .
Matryoshka dolls ( ) , also known as Russian nesting dolls , stacking dolls , or Russian dolls , are the set of wooden dolls of decreasing size placed one beside another .	The name `` matryoshka '' ( матрёшка ) , literally `` little matron '' , is a diminutive form of Russian female first name `` Matryona '' ( Матрёна ) or `` Matriosha '' .
In anatomy , the second cervical vertebra ( C2 ) of the spine is named the axis ( from Latin `` axis '' , `` axle '' ) or epistropheus .	By the atlanto-axial joint , it forms the pivot upon which the first cervical vertebra ( the atlas ) , which carries the head , rotates .
At the time , the car represented a significant development for the manufacturer .	In the United States , the 9-5 was introduced in the spring of 1998 , for the 1999 model year .
Its records were manufactured by the Edison Bell Record Works , London .	This company , founded by James Hough , had originated in the early 1890s as an importer of Edison and Columbia cylinder phonographs ; from 1898 Hough had also made cylinder records , initially using a separate company , Edisonia .
It was introduced in 1959 , but because only 40 were made in 1959 , production is often said to have started in 1960 .	The first engine was an 841 cc three-cylinder two-stroke , but from 1967 onward , it became available with the same four-stroke Ford Taunus V4 engine as used in the Saab 96 , the Saab Sonett V4 and Sonett III , and the German Ford Taunus .
Mesić was a deputy in the Croatian Parliament in the 1960s , and was then absent from politics until 1990 when he joined the Croatian Democratic Union ( HDZ ) , and was named President of the Executive Council ( Prime Minister ) of the Socialist Republic of Croatia ( then still a constituent republic of the SFR Yugoslavia ) after HDZ won the elections .	His cabinet is , despite holding office before Croatia 's independence , considered by the Government of Croatia to have been the first government cabinet of the current Croatian Republic .
A contig ( from `` contiguous '' ) is a set of overlapping DNA segments that together represent a consensus region of DNA .	In bottom-up sequencing projects , a contig refers to overlapping sequence data ( reads ) ; in top-down sequencing projects , contig refers to the overlapping clones that form a physical map of the genome that is used to guide sequencing and assembly .
He is known for his intense method acting style , often transforming his body drastically for his roles .	The recipient of many awards , including an Academy Award and a Golden Globe , he was featured in the Time 100 list of 2011 .
It is named after J. F. Archibald , owner and editor of `` The Bulletin '' magazine , who bequeathed funds to have it built .	Archibald specified that it must be designed by a French artist , both because of his great love of French culture and to commemorate the association of Australia and France in World War I .
In Scotland , the equivalent is known as a burgh ( pronounced ) .	There are two types of burgh : royal burghs and burghs of barony .
A live CD ( also live DVD , live disc , or live operating system ) is a complete bootable computer installation including operating system which runs directly from a CD-ROM or similar storage device into a computer 's memory , rather than loading from a hard disk drive .	A Live CD allows users to run an operating system for any purpose without installing it or making any changes to the computer 's configuration .
Palatine tonsils , commonly called the tonsils and occasionally called the faucial tonsils , are tonsils located on the left and right sides at the back of the throat , which can often be seen as flesh-colored , pinkish lumps .	Tonsils only present as `` white lumps '' if they are inflamed or infected with symptoms of exudates ( pus drainage ) and severe swelling .
Tonsillectomy is a surgical procedure in which both palatine tonsils ( hereafter called `` tonsils '' ) are removed from a recess in the side of the pharynx called the tonsillar fossa .	The procedure is mainly performed for recurrent or chronic sore throat ( sometimes labelled tonsillitis ) and for sleep-disordered breathing including obstructive sleep apnea and snoring .
To do this he used counter rotating disks with repeating drawn images in small increments of motion on one and regularly spaced slits in the other .	He called this device of 1832 the phenakistiscope .
Complications can include urinary tract infections .	Most bedwetting is a developmental delay—not an emotional problem or physical illness .
Évariste Régis Huc , C.M. , or the Abbé Huc , * ( 1813–1860 ) was a French missionary Catholic priest and traveller , famous for his accounts of China , Tartary and Tibet , in his book `` A Journey Through the Chinese Empire '' .	Since the travels of the Englishman Thomas Manning in Tibet ( 1811–1812 ) , no European had visited Lhasa .
It was originally an item of clothing for Army officers ( developed before the war but adapted for use in the trenches of the First World War , hence its name ) and shows this influence in its styling .	Traditionally this garment is double-breasted with 10 front buttons , has wide lapels , a storm flap and pockets that button-close .
Thomas Jefferson first used the phrase in the U.S .	Declaration of Independence , which he penned in 1776 during the beginning of the American Revolution .
The discography of English singer David Bowie ( 1947–2016 ) included 27 studio albums , 11 live albums , 51 compilation albums , eight extended plays ( EPs ) , 128 singles , including five UK number-one singles , and four soundtracks .	Bowie also released 14 video albums and 72 music videos .
The party began as a resistance movement that fought for the independence of East Timor , first from Portugal and then from Indonesia , between 1974 and 1998 .	After East Timor gained its independence from Indonesia , Fretilin became one of several parties competing for power in a multi-party system .
Depending on each nation 's laws and judicial systems , the legality of and the permission required to engage in mass surveillance varies .	It is the single most indicative distinguishing trait of totalitarian regimes .
The cassock derives historically from the tunic that in ancient Rome was worn underneath the toga and the chiton that was worn beneath the himation in ancient Greece .	In religious services , it has traditionally been worn underneath vestments , such as the alb .
Beignet ( ; , ben-YAY literally `` bump '' ) , synonymous with the English `` fritter '' , is made from fried dough .	Beignets may also be made from other types of dough , including yeast dough .
Known for his signature knuckleball , Wakefield won his 200th career game on September 13 , 2011 against the Toronto Blue Jays , and is third on the Boston Red Sox with 186 team victories , behind both Cy Young and Roger Clemens .	He is second in all-time wins at Fenway Park with 97 , behind Roger Clemens ' 100 , and is first all-time in innings pitched by a Red Sox pitcher , with 3,006 , having surpassed Roger Clemens ' total of 2,777 on June 8 , 2010 .
He was fathered by King Xiang of Zhou as Prince Rénchén .	He became King Qing in 618 BC , after his father died .
Saharon Shelah ( ) is an Israeli mathematician .	He is a professor of mathematics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Rutgers University in New Jersey .
League of Communists of Croatia ( or SKH ) was the Croatian branch of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia ( SKJ ) .	Until 1952 , it was known as Communist Party of Croatia ( `` Komunistička partija Hrvatske , '' KPH ) .
His greatest ambition was to serve his country as a successful civil servant , but he proved unable to make the necessary accommodations .	His life , like the whole country , was devastated by the An Lushan Rebellion of 755 , and his last 15 years were a time of almost constant unrest .
This species exists in various modifications ( tautomers ) in solution .	Creatine is found in vertebrates where it facilitates recycling of adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , the energy currency of the cell , primarily in muscle and brain tissue .
Located in the Calico Mountains of the Mojave Desert region of Southern California , it was founded in 1881 as a silver mining town , and today has been converted into a county park named `` Calico Ghost Town '' .	Located off Interstate 15 , it lies from Barstow and 3 miles from Yermo .
Born in Drimnagh , a successful amateur running career in Ireland led to a scholarship in the United States , where he won four NCAA titles in track running and ran a sub-four-minute mile to set an Irish record at 22 years of age .	He soon set the European record over the distance .
Pharamond or Faramund ( c. 365 – 430 ) is a legendary early king of the Franks , first referred to in the anonymous 8th-century Carolingian text `` Liber Historiae Francorum '' , also known as the `` Gesta regnum Francorum '' .	In this work , which is customarily dated to 727 , the anonymous author begins by writing of a mythical Trojan origin for the Franks .
Asiana has its headquarters in Asiana Town building in Seoul .	The airline has its domestic hub at Gimpo International Airport and its international hub at Incheon International Airport ( from central Seoul ) .
BEA operated to Europe , North Africa and the Middle East from airports around the United Kingdom .	The airline was also the largest UK domestic operator , serving major British cities , including London , Manchester , Glasgow , Edinburgh and Belfast , as well as areas of the British Isles such as the Highlands and Islands of Scotland , the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man .
< h2 > < /h2 >	< h2 > < /h2 >
Le Rire ( , `` Laughter '' ) was a successful French humor magazine published from October 1894 until its final issue in April 1971 .	Founded in Paris during the Belle Époque by Felix Juven , `` Le Rire '' appeared as typical Parisians began to achieve more education , income and leisure time .
Thomas Bartholin came from a family that has become famous for its pioneering scientists , twelve of whom became professors at the University of Copenhagen .	Three generations of the Bartholin family made significant contributions to anatomical science and medicine in the 17th and 18th centuries : Thomas Bartholin 's father , Caspar Bartholin the Elder ( 1585–1629 ) , his brother Rasmus Bartholin ( 1625–1698 ) , and his son Caspar Bartholin the Younger ( 1655–1738 ) .
In mathematics , and in particular linear algebra , a pseudoinverse of a matrix is a generalization of the inverse matrix .	The most widely known type of matrix pseudoinverse is the Moore–Penrose inverse , which was independently described by E. H. Moore in 1920 , Arne Bjerhammar in 1951 , and Roger Penrose in 1955 .
King Kuang ’ s father was King Qing of Zhou .	Kuang was succeeded by his brother King Ding of Zhou .
Barleti is better known for his second work , a biography on Skanderbeg , translated into many languages in the 16th to the 20th centuries .	Scholars variously assert that he was Italian ( DuCange , Iorga ) , Dalmatian ( Giovio , Czwittinger , Fabricius ) , or Albanian ( Zeno , Fallmerayer , Jireček ) .
Four men came together to form Premier Ministr in 1997 .	Their first real success came in 2000 with the remake of a very popular Russian tune , `` Oriental Song '' .
As an engineer , May was most noted for having identified the cause of the `` alpha particle problem '' , which was affecting the reliability of integrated circuits as device features reached a critical size where a single alpha particle could change the state of a stored value and cause a single event upset .	May realized that the ceramic packaging that Intel was using , made from clay , was very slightly radioactive .
Sestre are a Slovenian drag act that represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 .	Tomaž ( Marlenna ) , Damjan ( Emperatrizz ) and Srečko ( Daphne ) had been performing together since 2000 under the name Suspender Sisters with a classic drag queen show program .
The outcome may be consolidated ( as it was for example in the United Kingdom ) or democratization may face frequent reversals ( as it has faced for example in Venezuela ) .	Different patterns of democratization are often used to explain other political phenomena , such as whether a country goes to a war or whether its economy grows .
Representative Emanuel Celler of New York proposed the bill , Senator Philip Hart of Michigan co-sponsored it , and Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts helped to promote it .	The Hart–Celler Act abolished the quota system based on national origins that had been American immigration policy since the 1920s .
Sheet film was initially supplied as an alternative to glass plates .	The most popular size measures 4×5 inches ; smaller and larger sizes including the gigantic 20×24 inches have been made and many are still available today .
He saw active service in Algeria , and became `` chef d'escadron '' in 1849 and lieutenant-colonel in 1850 .	He took part as a colonel in the Crimean War , and after the battle of Inkerman received the rank of general of brigade .
Saraburi is on the east side of the Chao Phraya River valley .	The eastern part of the province is covered by high plains and plateaus , while the western part is mostly low flat plains .
It states that Mary is called Queen of Heaven because her son , Jesus Christ , is the king of Israel and heavenly king of the universe ; indeed , the Davidic tradition of Israel recognized the mother of the king as the Queen Mother of Israel .	The title , Queen of Heaven , has long been a Catholic tradition , included in prayers and devotional literature , and seen in Western art in the subject of the Coronation of the Virgin , from the High Middle Ages , long before it was given a formal definition status by the Church .
She represented Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 .	She has subsequently released seven studio albums , a DVD and several singles .
Rising from the ranks , during four decades of distinguished service ( including 35 years on campaign ) under Louis-Philippe and then Napoleon III , he held every rank in the army from Fusilier to Marshal of France .	He became renowned for his determination to lead from the front , for his impassive bearing under fire and for personal bravery verging on the foolhardy , which resulted in him being wounded on numerous occasions and having his horse shot from under him twice .
For cinema releases , the BBFC has no legal power ( technically , films do not even have to be submitted for classification ) , as it falls to councils to decide who should be admitted to a certain film , but they generally apply the BBFC 's certificates , effectively making them legally binding .	In exceptional cases , councils may impose their own conditions , either raising or lowering the minimum entry age from the certificate , banning a certified film outright , or setting their own minimum entry age for films that have never been submitted for BBFC certification , or which have been refused a certificate by the Board .
I Love the '80s Strikes Back is a miniseries on VH1 in which various music and TV personalities reminisce about 1980s popular culture in a mostly humorous manner .	The series premiered on October 20 , 2003 , and is a sequel to `` I Love the '80s '' .
The genome is a single-stranded positive-sense RNA genome that is about 7500 nucleotides long .	The viral particle is about 30 nm in diameter with icosahedral symmetry .
The family name comes from the genus `` Urtica '' .	The Urticaceae include a number of well-known and useful plants , including nettles in the genus `` Urtica '' , ramie ( `` Boehmeria nivea '' ) , māmaki ( `` Pipturus albidus '' ) , and ajlai ( `` Debregeasia saeneb '' ) .
She was the daughter of Amalric I of Jerusalem and his second wife Maria Comnena .	Her half-brother , Baldwin IV of Jerusalem , engaged her to Humphrey IV of Toron .
Wrist drop , ( radial nerve or musculospiral nerve palsy , and colloquially as crutch paralysis , Saturday night palsy or honeymoon palsy ) , is a medical condition in which the wrist and the fingers can not extend at the metacarpophalangeal joints .	The wrist remains partially flexed due to an opposing action of flexor muscles of the forearm .
Many believe that sight-singing is the more challenging of the two , because singers do not have any keys , frets or valves ( on keyboard instruments , guitars , and valved brass instruments , respectively ) to help them obtain the correct pitches .	Singers must also read and sing the correct lyrics , which adds another layer beyond pitch and dynamics .
DNRC members ( defined in effect by their subscription to the ( free ) email `` Dilbert Newsletter '' , which was issued approximately four times per year , apparently ending in 2008 ) are characterised by their 'superior intelligence and good looks ' , whereas non-members ( 'induhviduals ' , a play on the word 'duh ' ) suffer from idiocy and lacklustre charm .	DNRC membership stood at 533,198 in February 2008 and has been fairly stable since September 2004 .
The dialect is related to and is often referred to as Cantonese but has little mutual intelligibility with the latter .	Taishanese is spoken in the southern part of Guangdong Province in China , particularly around the city-level county of Taishan located on the western fringe of the Pearl River Delta .
Per capita is a Latin prepositional phrase : `` per '' ( preposition , taking the accusative case , meaning `` by means of '' ) and `` capita '' ( accusative plural of the noun `` caput '' , `` head '' ) .	The phrase thus means `` by heads '' or `` for each head '' , i.e. , per individual/person .
Missionary Baptist bodies such as the Southern Baptist Convention , the American Baptist Association ( ABA ) and even some American Baptist Churches USA ( ABCUSA ) are descendants of the `` United Baptists '' .	Churches in the ABCUSA `` retaining '' the name `` United Baptist '' are primarily in the northeast , especially Maine , and are products of the Regular/Free Baptist union .
Natural science therefore consists of mental constructs that aim to explain sensory experience and measurements .	According to constructivists , the world is independent of human minds , but knowledge of the world is always a human and social construction .
Paulette Goddard ( born Marion Levy ; June 3 , 1910 – April 23 , 1990 ) was an American actress , a child fashion model and a performer in several Broadway productions as a Ziegfeld Girl ; she became a major star of Paramount Pictures in the 1940s .	Her most notable films were her first major role , as Charlie Chaplin 's leading lady in `` Modern Times '' , and Chaplin 's subsequent film `` The Great Dictator '' .
It was held on November 5 , 2003 , to elect the 58 members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan ( MLAs ) .	The election was called on October 8 by Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan Lynda Haverstock , on the advice of Premier Lorne Calvert .
Symptoms include abdominal pain and diarrhea .	The syndrome is caused by a gastrinoma , a neuroendocrine tumor that secretes a hormone called gastrin .
Interfaces are placed into promiscuous mode by software bridges often used with hardware virtualization .	In IEEE 802 networks such as Ethernet , token ring , and IEEE 802.11 , and in FDDI , each frame includes a destination MAC address .
Recording took place in locations including the band 's Britannia Row Studios and Gilmour 's houseboat , `` Astoria '' .	The production team included longtime Pink Floyd collaborators such as producer Bob Ezrin , engineer Andy Jackson , saxophonist Dick Parry , and bassist Guy Pratt .
Multimedia Home Platform ( DVB-MHP ) is an open middleware system standard designed by the DVB project for interactive digital television .	The MHP enables the reception and execution of interactive , Java-based applications on a TV-set .
Beloki turned professional in 1998 with Euskaltel-Euskadi , joined Festina in 2000 , and then Team ONCE in 2001 .	A strong climber in the high mountains and a top performer in individual time trials , he made it to the podium in each of his first three rides in the Tour de France : in 2000 ( 3rd place ) , 2001 ( 3rd place ) and 2002 ( 2nd place ) .
In 1992 , Queen Elizabeth II conferred on him the Companionship of Honour , and the Royal Society noted he was the only living person to hold these three titles .	Needham was the only child of a London family .
At a height of 750 m above sea level , it is France 's highest prefecture ( departmental capital ) .	Together with other Alpine towns , Gap engages in the Alpine Town of the Year Association for the implementation of the Alpine Convention to achieve sustainable development in the Alpine Arc .
It decreases the time to sleep onset by about 15 minutes and at larger doses helps people stay asleep longer .	It is taken by mouth and is available in conventional tablets or sublingual tablets and oral spray .
As of September 2013 , membership of the organization was 71,460 people , of whom 40 % were over the age of 65 .	Between them , the three pillars of the ONCE—the Directorate-General , the Foundation and CEOSA , ONCE 's business corporation—employ over 136,000 staff , of whom 88.5 % are people with disabilities .
Rowan Gavin Paton Menzies ( born 14 August 1937 ) is a British author and retired submarine lieutenant-commander who has written books promoting claims that the Chinese sailed to America before Columbus .	Historians have rejected Menzies ' theories and assertions and have categorised his work as pseudohistory .
The were an array of economic and cultural policies introduced by the Tokugawa shogunate in 1736 Japan , during the Edo period .	These reforms were instigated by the eighth Tokugawa `` shōgun '' of Japan , Tokugawa Yoshimune , encompassing the first twenty years of his shogunate .
This was not to the liking of his father who after pulling some strings and having some earnest discussions with his son managed to have him released from duty and enrolled in Yale .	George did not do well at Yale in his law studies , preferring the technical studies offered by the Sheffield Scientific School , but did manage to finish his course of study and pass the New York bar in 1871 and joined his father 's practice .
The mountain was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J. Norman Collie , but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park , so it was renamed in 1924 to its present name .	Mount Chephren is rated a difficult scramble on the south face due to its steep upper slopes with possible snow and ice difficulties .
The Shenzhou spacecraft carried a crew of Fèi Jùnlóng ( 费俊龙 ) and Niè Hǎishèng ( 聂海胜 ) for five days in low Earth orbit .	It launched three days before the second anniversary of China 's first human spaceflight , `` Shenzhou 5 '' .
The third edition , released in May 2016 , has been updated and contains route descriptions for 175 peaks .	The peaks are rated from easy to difficult and information on trail heads and the standard routes are covered .
It was developed under the direction of Qian Xuesen ( Tsien Hsue-shen ) , dean of the Chinese Academy of Space Technology ( CAST ) .	At the time , a total of five identical satellites were created .
The first two require boots with welts , as a tension lever attaches the crampon to the heel .	The last type ( strap bindings ) are more versatile and can adapt to virtually any boot or shoe , but often do not fit as precisely as the other two types .
The name `` hunger circuses '' , now so universally used as to have almost suppressed the memory of the official communist-era term , derived from the circus-like domed architecture and the irony of constructing these massive food-related buildings during a period when food was scarce throughout Romania ( due to Ceauşescu 's policy of exporting most of Romania 's agricultural produce in order to pay off the foreign debt ) .	The irony was reinforced by the connotation of `` circus '' as ridiculous farce .
He was born at Stony Stratford , Buckinghamshire , England about 1590 , to Rev .	Richard Eaton and his wife , Elizabeth .
Dongfanghong ( ) was a satellite program of the People 's Republic of China .	The program started in August 1965 as Project 651—a less ambitious successor to the earlier Project 581—with the goal of launching a satellite heavier than both Sputnik 1 and Explorer 1 into space , and developing all the necessary technologies to do so .
It can also be buried pick down , the rope tied around the shaft to form a secure anchor on which to bring up a second climber , or buried vertically to form a stomp belay .	The adze is used to cut footsteps ( sometimes known as pigeon holes if used straight on ) , as well as scoop/bucket seats in the hillside and trenches to bury an ice axe belay .
He acceded to the throne in January , 684 , several months after the death of his father and predecessor , K'inich Janaab Pakal I and ruled until his death .	He continued the ambitious project of adorning Palenque with fine art and architecture begun by his father ; his most important addition to the city of Palenque was the Temple of the Cross which is the center piece of the Temple of the Cross Complex .
Born in Beaver Dam , Wisconsin , Hatfield moved with his family to Anaheim , California , when he was four .	He attended Anaheim High School , where he played football and baseball , and was co-captain of the basketball team .
`` Panzer General '' is a turn-based game , set on operational level hex maps .	One plays lone scenarios from either Axis or Allied side and against a computer or human opponent .
The Northrop T-38 Talon is a two-seat , twinjet supersonic jet trainer .	It was the world 's first supersonic trainer and is also the most produced .
The short octave was a method of assigning notes to keys in early keyboard instruments ( harpsichord , clavichord , organ ) , for the purpose of giving the instrument an extended range in the bass range .	The rationale behind this system was that the low notes F and G are seldom needed in early music .
American software engineer Kent Beck , who is credited with having developed or `` rediscovered '' the technique , stated in 2003 that TDD encourages simple designs and inspires confidence .	Test-driven development is related to the test-first programming concepts of extreme programming , begun in 1999 , but more recently has created more general interest in its own right .
The specific `` ruficollis '' is from Latin `` rufus '' , `` red '' , and `` collum '' , `` neck '' .	The common name `` nightjar '' , first recorded in 1630 , refers to the nocturnal habits of the bird , the second part of the name deriving from the distinctive churring song .
With this heritage , Panama has a rich and diverse music history , and important contributions to cumbia , saloma , pasillo , punto , tamborito , mejorana , bolero , jazz , salsa , reggae , calypso , rock and other musical genres .	The saloma and mejorana feature a distinctive vocal style said to derive from Sevillians .
While unsuccessfully approaching Avalon Hill and Automated Simulations to publish wargames , he hired programmers John Lyons , who wrote `` Computer Bismarck '' —later claimed to have been the first `` serious wargame '' published for a microcomputer—and Ed Williger , who wrote `` Computer Ambush '' .	Both games were written in BASIC as were many of SSI 's early games .
Sei Shōnagon 's actual given name is not known .	It was the custom among aristocrats in those days to call a court lady by a nickname taken from a court office belonging to her father or husband .
This is a fairly common species with a wide distribution which faces no obvious threats apart from habitat destruction , so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .	The genus name `` Caprimulgus '' is derived from the Latin `` capra '' , `` nanny goat '' , and `` mulgere '' , `` to milk '' , referring to an old myth that nightjars suck milk from goats .
The Mulberry harbours were to be used until the Allies could capture a French port ; initially thought to be around three months .	However although Antwerp in Belgium was captured on 4 September 1944 , the Port of Antwerp was not opened until 28 November as the approaches to the port were held by the Germans until the ( delayed ) Battle of the Scheldt was won .
Troy attended Cornell as an architecture student from 1922 to 1927 , although he was suspended without receiving a degree due to a particular joke that offended the administration .	Although many of his practical jokes on campus are legendary , university historians have been unable to prove their truthfulness and some suspect the majority of his tales to be exaggerated or entirely fabricated .
Ludwig was born in Munich , the eldest son of Prince Luitpold of Bavaria and of his wife , Archduchess Augusta of Austria ( daughter of Grand Duke Leopold II of Tuscany ) .	He was a descendant of both Louis XIV of France and William the Conqueror .
The Golden Ring ( ) is a ring of cities northeast of Moscow , the capital of Russia .	They formerly comprised the region known as Zalesye .
With these improved capabilities , the F-20 became competitive with contemporary fighter designs such as the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon , but was much less expensive to purchase and operate .	Much of the F-20 's development was carried out under a US Department of Defense ( DoD ) project called `` FX '' .
It is about long with ash-brown upperparts and paler underparts , and a short , square tail that has distinctive white patches on most of its feathers .	It breeds in the mountains of southern Europe , northwestern Africa and southern Asia .
In 1948 , Fox obtained the exclusive rights to create a television series , `` Crusade in Europe '' , based on a 1948 book `` Crusade in Europe '' , written by Dwight Eisenhower and published by Doubleday .	The 26-episode series showed World War II film footage from the US military and other sources , with a voice soundtrack based on a narration of the book .
The red-rumped swallow ( `` Cecropis daurica '' ) is a small passerine bird in the swallow family .	It breeds in open hilly country of temperate southern Europe and Asia from Portugal and Spain to Japan , India , Sri Lanka and tropical Africa .
Placozoa is now also seen as an Eumetazoan in the Parahoxozoa .	Several other extinct or obscure life forms , such as `` Iotuba '' and `` Thectardis '' appear to have emerged in the group .
His disappearance from the Cameron Highlands generated one of the largest land searches in Southeast Asian history , and is one of the most famous mysteries in the region .	Jim Thompson was born in Greenville , Delaware , USA .
It usually inhabits tropical lowland rainforests in the upper ( emergent ) canopy layer .	Destruction of its natural habitat has caused it to vanish from many parts of its former range , and it is nearly extirpated in Central America .
The venue is usually a public place ( e.g .	a street ) and the fight sometimes results in serious injury or occasionally even death .
Terri Fields is an award-winning book writer and teacher from Phoenix , Arizona .	Fields teaches at Sunnyslope High School , where she developed her award winning reading program , `` Reading is Sweet . ''
John Samuel Mbiti ( born 30 November 1931 ) is a Kenyan-born Christian religious philosopher and writer .	He is an ordained Anglican priest , and a canon .
Enguera ( ) is a municipality in southwestern province of Valencia , Spain .	The local economy depends primarily on agriculture , and secondarily on industry and services .
He was apprenticed as a weaver in 1779 .	While working as a weaver in Paisley , Wilson became seriously interested in poetry .
The Irish Free State issued the first commemorative stamps depicting a person on 22 June 1929 when `` Oifig an Phoist '' , the Irish Post Office , a section of the Department of Posts and Telegraphs , issued a set of three stamps showing Daniel O'Connell .	Since 1929 O'Connell is one of a small number of people shown in two issues , including Wolfe Tone and Arthur Guinness .
His daily two-hour 2007 Peabody Award-winning program , `` The Brian Lehrer Show '' , features interviews with newsmakers and experts about current events and social issues .	Lehrer was formerly an anchor and reporter for NBC Radio Networks , and has been in broadcast journalism for more than 20 years .
He earned AB and DD degrees from Wheaton College , an AM degree from Texas Christian University in philosophy , a ThB , ThM , and ThD in Systematic Theology from Dallas Theological Seminary , and a LittD from Liberty Baptist Seminary .	Walvoord was brought up in a Christian home , but had little interest in the faith until he was fifteen , when his family moved to Racine after his father accepted a position as superintendent of the junior high .
Originally comprising vocalist and guitarist Leslie West , bassist and vocalist Felix Pappalardi , keyboardist Steve Knight and drummer N. D. Smart , the band broke up in 1972 and has reunited frequently since 1973 , remaining active as of November 28 , 2009 .	Best known for their cowbell-tinged song `` Mississippi Queen '' , as well as for their performance at the Woodstock Festival in 1969 , Mountain is one of many bands to be commonly credited as having influenced the development of heavy metal music in the 1970s .
Some hours the programming is simulcast , some hours different shows air on each station .	WNYC reaches more than one million listeners each week and has the largest public radio audience in the United States .
Although it did not prevent all conflict based on religion , it did make the Commonwealth a much safer and more tolerant place than most of contemporaneous Europe , especially during the subsequent Thirty Years ' War .	Religious tolerance in Poland had had a long tradition ( e.g .
Timothy Dwight V ( November 16 , 1828 – May 26 , 1916 ) was an American academic , educator , Congregational minister , and President of Yale University ( 1886–1898 ) .	During his years as the school 's president , Yale 's schools first organized as a university .
The Borough of Milton Keynes is a unitary authority area and borough of the ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire .	It is the northernmost district of the South East England Region .
He attended Van Nuys High School and graduated from Ulysses S. Grant High School in its first graduating class , Los Angeles Valley College , and San Fernando Valley State College ( now California State University , Northridge ) .	Within days of seeing the `` Star Trek '' series premiere `` The Man Trap '' on 8 September 1966 , 22-year-old Gerrold wrote a sixty-page outline for a two-part episode called `` Tomorrow Was Yesterday '' , about the `` Enterprise '' discovering a ship launched from Earth centuries earlier .
On 1 April 1997 it was made administratively independent of Wiltshire County Council ( with its council becoming a unitary authority ) .	It adopted the name Swindon on 24 April 1997 .
The Polish Brethren ( Polish : `` Bracia Polscy '' ) were members of the Minor Reformed Church of Poland , a Nontrinitarian Protestant church that existed in Poland from 1565 to 1658 .	By those on the outside , they were called `` Arians '' or `` Socinians '' ( , `` ) '' , but themselves preferred simply to be called `` Brethren '' or `` Christians , '' and , after their expulsion from Poland , `` Unitarians '' .
47 , No .	2 , is a composition by Isaac Albéniz .
The novel , a `` fix-up '' of previously published short stories , was published as an original paperback by Ballantine Books in 1972 , with an accompanying Science Fiction Book Club release .	A revised version , subtitled `` Release 2.0 '' , was published in 1988 by Bantam Books .
John Bartram ( March 23 , 1699 – September 22 , 1777 ) was an early American botanist , horticulturist and explorer .	Carl Linnaeus said he was the `` greatest natural botanist in the world . ''
The son of Ann ( `` née '' Mendenhall ) and the naturalist John Bartram , William Bartram and his twin sister Elizabeth were born in Kingsessing , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	As a boy , he accompanied his father on many of his travels to the Catskill Mountains , the New Jersey Pine Barrens , New England , and Florida .
Typically , one shows that if a solution to a problem existed , which in some sense was related to one or more natural numbers , it would necessarily imply that a second solution existed , which was related to one or more 'smaller ' natural numbers .	This in turn would imply a third solution related to smaller natural numbers , implying a fourth solution , therefore a fifth solution , and so on .
of London ( 1658- ) , Samuel Crellius ( 1660–1747 ) and Paweł Crell-Spinowski ( 1677- ) , as well as his great-grandsons in Georgia , United States , were all proponents of Socinian views .	Crellius moved to Poland at the age of 22 , and quickly became known as one of the chief theologians of the Socinians , also known as Polish brethren .
It is named after Ixion , a figure from Greek mythology .	Analysis of the lightcurve 's brightness variation shows only small deviations , which suggests that Ixion is a spheroid with small albedo spots and hence a dwarf planet .
The great horned owl ( `` Bubo virginianus '' ) , also known as the tiger owl ( originally derived from early naturalists ' description as the `` winged tiger '' or `` tiger of the air '' ) or the hoot owl , is a large owl native to the Americas .	It is an extremely adaptable bird with a vast range and is the most widely distributed true owl in the Americas .
Ethnomusicologists Steve Roud and Julia Bishop described it as `` far and away the most widely collected song in the English language—equally popular in England , Scotland and Ireland , and with hundreds of versions collected over the years in North America . ''	The ballad generally follows a standard plot , although narrative details vary between versions .
Wawrzyniec Grzymała Goślicki ( ; between 1530 and 1540 – 31 October 1607 ) was a Polish nobleman , Bishop of Poznań ( 1601–1607 ) , political thinker and philosopher best known for his book `` De optimo senatore '' ( 1568 ) .	Born near Płock , after studying at Kraków 's Jagiellonian University and at Padua and Bologna , he entered the Roman Catholic Church .
Her stepfather was in the US Army and the family moved from base to base , eventually settling in Gilmer , Texas .	Her mother was Mormon and she was raised in that faith .
Adults are large , and are brown to grey with barring on the chest .	Barred owls have expanded their range to the west coast of the United States and Canada , where they are considered invasive .
In a wider sense it applies to the period between the Khmelnytsky ( Chmielnicki ) Uprising of 1648 and the Truce of Andrusovo in 1667 , thus comprising the Polish theatres of the Russo-Polish and Second Northern Wars .	In a stricter sense , the term refers to the Swedish invasion and occupation of the Commonwealth as a theatre of the Second Northern War ( 1655–1660 ) only ; In Poland and Lithuania this period is called the Swedish Deluge ( , ) , or lesser known as Russo–Swedish Deluge ( ) , due to Russian invasion at 1654 , also known as Russian Deluge in Poland , and the term deluge ( or `` potop '' in Polish ) was popularized by Henryk Sienkiewicz in his novel `` The Deluge '' ( 1886 ) .
It is the only representative of the genus Satan .	The widemouth blindcat 's closest relative is the flathead catfish , `` Pylodictis olivaris '' .
The Fair Housing Act is a federal act in the United States intended to protect the buyer or renter of a dwelling from seller or landlord discrimination .	Its primary prohibition makes it unlawful to refuse to sell , rent to , or negotiate with any person because of that person 's inclusion in a protected class .
The Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra ( RPhO ; ) is a Dutch symphony orchestra based in Rotterdam .	Its primary venue is the concert hall `` De Doelen '' .
The death of Robert I in 1329 left Scotland with a four-year-old king , David II ( 1329–1371 ) .	His right to the throne was far from absolute , and in the early 1330s was challenged by Edward Balliol , son of John Balliol .
Ramón María del Valle-Inclán y de la Peña ( in Vilanova de Arousa , Galicia , Spain , 28 October 1866 – Santiago de Compostela , 5 January 1936 ) was a Spanish dramatist , novelist and member of the Spanish Generation of 98 .	He is considered perhaps the most noteworthy and certainly the most radical dramatist working to subvert the traditionalism of the Spanish theatrical establishment in the early part of the 20th century .
Ramón Gómez de la Serna Puig ( 3 July 1888 in Madrid – 13 January 1963 in Buenos Aires ) was a Spanish writer , dramatist and avant-garde agitator .	He strongly influenced surrealist film maker Luis Buñuel .
It includes a variety of add-ons for different genres , including fantasy , modern and science fiction .	Campaign Cartographer 3 , was released on 30 June 2006 and has since been updated 9 times .
It is also the basis for the map-drawing software Campaign Cartographer .	It uses the file extension FCW for its files .
Bernadotte had been one of the most successful soldiers in Napoleonic France .	He was Empire Marshal of France , a former minister of war and had been created Prince of Ponte Corvo by Napoleon , before accepting the election as Crown Prince and heir to the Swedish throne .
The War of the Sixth Coalition saw major battles at Lützen , Bautzen , and Dresden .	The even larger Battle of Leipzig ( also known as the Battle of Nations ) was the largest battle in European history before World War I .
Bicester ( ) is a town and civil parish in the Cherwell district of northeastern Oxfordshire in England .	This historic market centre is one of the fastest growing towns in Oxfordshire .
After they have rescued a certain number of hostages , the exit opens and they can pass through it in order to fight the end-of-level guardian .	If this monstrosity is defeated , they are then able to move onto the next stage .
In 1994 the districts of Thuringia were reorganized , and the district Sömmerda was enlarged significantly by adding municipalities from the dissolved districts Artern and Erfurt-Land .	The main river in the district is the Unstrut .
The Grips-Theatre in Berlin ( official name : GRIPS Theater ) is a well-known and well-respected emancipatory children 's and youth theatre , located at Altonaer Straße at Hansaplatz in the Hansaviertel in Berlin 's Mitte district .	It is “ the first theatre worldwide to deal sociocritically with the lives and living conditions of children and young people and to incorporate this in original humorous and musical plays ” .
Tommy Sheridan ( born 7 March 1964 ) is a Scottish politician who was co-convenor of Solidarity , along with Rosemary Byrne until June 2016 .	Sheridan was active as a Militant entryist in the Labour Party until 1989 when Labour expelled him , and became a member of Scottish Militant Labour ( SML ) , which eventually became the core of the Scottish Socialist Party ( SSP ) .
The place-name `` Witney '' is derived from the Old English for `` Witta 's island '' .	The earliest known record of it is as `` Wyttannige '' in a Saxon charter of AD 969 .
The words that originally accompanied the melody date to around 1800 and concern the impoverishment of a father to pay a dowry .	However , those curious words have been identified as disparate pieces of older songs amalgamated together incompletely .
At the story 's opening , Daisuke declares love for his crush , a girl named Risa Harada , on his fourteenth birthday .	She rejects him , and later that day , the heart-broken Daisuke undergoes a strange mutation that changes him into another person .
It generated electricity from 1891 to 1981 .	It was also used as a training base for apprenticeships from all over the country .
Trøndelag ( ) is a county in the central part of Norway .	It was created on 1 January 2018 with the merger of the former counties of Nord-Trøndelag and Sør-Trøndelag , which had been separated into two counties in 1804 .
Early Pentecostalism saw their teachings on baptism with the Holy Spirit , spiritual gifts , and divine healing as a return to the doctrines and power of the Apostolic Age .	Because of this many early Pentecostals and Charismatics call their movement the Apostolic Faith or the Full Gospel .
Among the victims were approximately 1,200 mentally ill persons from local hospitals , killed in the course of the forced euthanasia policy dubbed Action T4 .	The mass executions began in October 1939 and lasted until April 1940 .
Cussler is the founder and chairman of the real-life National Underwater and Marine Agency ( NUMA ) , which has discovered more than 60 shipwreck sites and numerous other notable underwater wrecks .	He is the sole author or lead author of more than 70 books .
Cape Coast had a settlement population of 169,894 people ( 2010 census ) .	The language of the people of Cape Coast is Fante .
Optimal solutions for Rubik 's Cube refer to solutions that are the shortest .	There are two common ways to measure the length of a solution .
Massamá ( ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sintra , Lisbon District , Portugal .	In 2013 , the parish merged into the new parish Massamá e Monte Abraão .
It occurs in subantarctic waters of the western Pacific and Indian Oceans , as well as around the southern coasts of South America .	This is the smallest yellow-crested , black-and-white penguin in the genus `` Eudyptes '' .
According to Hagin 's testimony , he was born with a deformed heart and what was believed to be an incurable blood disease .	He was not expected to live and at age 15 became paralyzed and bedridden .
But , before Abraham could sacrifice his son , God provided a lamb to sacrifice instead .	In commemoration of this , an animal is sacrificed and divided into three parts : one part of the share is given to the poor and needy ; second part is for the home , third is given to relatives .
This statute prohibits a method of abortion ; the statute calls the prohibited method `` partial birth abortion . ''	The procedure described in the statute is usually used in the second trimester , from 15 to 26 weeks of which occur before viability .
Besides the decorative benefit , roof plantings may provide food , temperature control , hydrological benefits , architectural enhancement , habitats or corridors for wildlife , recreational opportunities , and in large scale it may even have ecological benefits .	The practice of cultivating food on the rooftop of buildings is sometimes referred to as rooftop farming .
At the 2001 census , Bo'ness had a population of 13,961 but according to a 2008 estimate this has since risen to 14,490 .	The name Borrowstoun , from the Old English for `` Beornweard 's farmstead '' , refers to a hamlet a short way inland from Borrowstounness .
It marked the film debuts of Andrew McCarthy , John Cusack and Virginia Madsen .	When Jonathan Ogner first shows up to prep school , he is laughed at for wearing his school uniform .
Dumbarton was the capital of the ancient Kingdom of Alclud , and later the county town of Dunbartonshire .	Dumbarton Castle , on top of Dumbarton Rock , dominates the area .
Portree has a harbour , fringed by cliffs , with a pier designed by Thomas Telford .	Attractions in the town include the Aros centre which celebrates the island 's Gaelic heritage .
Bladder stones are small mineral deposits that can form in the bladder .	In most cases bladder stones develop when the urine becomes very concentrated or when one is dehydrated .
Some time before he had presented to her a white gem which she then used to wear in a fillet of silver .	Because of this jewel she was later also called `` Tar-Elestirnë '' in Quenya , meaning `` Lady of the Star-brow '' .
The `` Acts of Saint Elmo '' were partly compiled from legends that confuse him with a Syrian bishop Erasmus of Antioch .	Jacobus de Voragine in the `` Golden Legend '' credited him as a bishop at Formia over all the Italian Campania , as a hermit on Mount Lebanon , and a martyr in the persecutions under Eastern Roman Emperor Diocletian .
Founded in 1909 by eighteen football players from Dortmund , the football team is part of a large membership-based sports club with more than 145,000 members , making BVB the second largest sports club by membership in Germany .	Dortmund plays in the Bundesliga , the top tier of the German football league system .
William Gould A. M. ( 1715 – 16 March 1799 ) was an English cleric and naturalist , described by Horace Donisthorpe as `` '' the father of British myrmecology '' '' ( the branch of entomology dealing with ants ) .	Gould was born at Sharpham Park , Glastonbury , Somerset , son of Davidge Gould , and educated at Exeter College , Oxford , where he matriculated in 1732 , aged 17 ; he gained his B .
( See etymology of the name of the German Elbe River ; cf .	North Germanic `` älv '' . )
The Lycée Louis-le-Grand ( ) is a prestigious secondary school located in Paris .	Founded in 1563 by the Jesuits as the `` Collège de Clermont '' , it was renamed in King Louis XIV of France 's honor after he extended his direct patronage to it in 1682 .
San Simeon ( ZIP Code : 93452 ; area code 805 ) is a town and census-designated place on the Pacific coast of San Luis Obispo County , California .	Its position along State Route 1 is about halfway between Los Angeles and San Francisco , each of those cities being roughly 230 mi ( 370 km ) away .
Another imprecise term used for the material is stucco , which is also often used for plasterwork that is worked in some way to produce relief decoration , rather than flat surfaces .	The most common types of plaster mainly contain either gypsum , lime , or cement , but all work in a similar way .
He was a founding member of the psychedelic rock band Quintessence in the late 1960s and early 1970s , playing at the first two Glastonbury Fayres in 1970 and 1971 .	He later found success in the psychedelic trance scene and continues to headline at large events worldwide .
Hungarian writer and literary historian Lajos Hatvany has described him in these terms : `` This moody , fluttering , imperfect writer is one of the best and undeservedly forgotten Hungarian memoir writers . ''	He translated Hungarian poets ' and writers ' works into German , e.g. , those of Sándor Petőfi , János Arany and Mór Jókai .
They are the largest of the salivary glands .	Each parotid is wrapped around the mandibular ramus , and secretes serous saliva through the parotid duct into the mouth , to facilitate mastication and swallowing and to begin the digestion of starches .
The pubic symphysis ( or ) a cartilaginous joint that sits between and joins left and right the superior rami of the pubic bones .	It is located in front of and below the urinary bladder .
Often both eyes are involved .	The cause is unclear .
The genus Brachylophus consists of four extant iguanid species native to the islands of Fiji and a giant extinct species from Tonga in the South West Pacific .	One of the extant species , `` B. fasciatus '' , is also present on Tonga , where it has apparently been introduced by humans .
This is especially important where the descendant group is sharply differentiated by gross anatomy and mode of living from the ancestral group .	These fossils serve as a reminder that taxonomic divisions are human constructs that have been imposed in hindsight on a continuum of variation .
The genus is part of the large lizard family , Iguanidae and is native to Mexico and Central America .	The name is derived from two Greek words : ctenos ( κτενός ) , meaning `` comb '' ( referring to the comblike spines on the lizard 's back and tail ) , and saura ( σαύρα ) , meaning `` lizard '' .
The band was founded in 1994 , but only played in the Berlin/Brandenburg area until 1998 .	Knorkator gained further fame ( and some notoriety ) in 2000 with their performance of `` Ick wer zun Schwein '' ( sic ; literally , in Berlin dialect , `` I 'm turning into a pig '' ) in the German national qualification for the Eurovision Song Contest .
SchNEWS was a free weekly publication from Brighton , England , which ran from November 1994 until September 2014 .	The main focus was environmental and social issues/struggles in the UK – but also internationally – with an emphasis on direct action protest , and autonomous political struggles outside formalised political parties .
The title is wordplay on the phrase `` Equal Rights '' .	The novel introduces the character of Granny Weatherwax , who reappears in several later `` Discworld '' novels .
For their first six years , the league had teams in markets not covered by either the Arena Football League or its developmental league , AF2 , however , that changed briefly with their expansion into AFL markets such as Atlanta , Denver , and Los Angeles , and AF2 markets such as Fort Myers and Houston .	The league folded in 2008 .
Drywall construction became prevalent in North America as a time and labor saving alternative to traditional lath and plaster .	The first plasterboard plant in the UK was opened in 1888 in Rochester , Kent .
In 1965 , Cooper flew as Command Pilot of Gemini 5 .	Leroy Gordon `` Gordo '' Cooper Jr. was born on March 6 , 1927 , Tecumseh , Oklahoma , the only child of Leroy Gordon Cooper Sr. and Hattie Lee ( ) Cooper .
Its range is expanding in Eurasia .	It does not migrate .
is also the name of Heyerdahl 's book ; the Academy Award-winning documentary film chronicling his adventures ; and the 2012 dramatized feature film nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .	Heyerdahl believed that people from South America could have settled Polynesia in pre-Columbian times .
Cosell was widely known for his blustery , confident personality .	Cosell said of himself , `` Arrogant , pompous , obnoxious , vain , cruel , verbose , a showoff .
Solomon Naumovich Rabinovich , better known under his pen name Sholem Aleichem ( Yiddish and , also spelled in Soviet Yiddish ; Russian and ) ( – May 13 , 1916 ) , was a leading Yiddish author and playwright .	The musical `` Fiddler on the Roof '' , based on his stories about Tevye the Dairyman , was the first commercially successful English-language stage production about Jewish life in Eastern Europe .
Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire , Selby once had a large shipbuilding industry , and was an important port on the Selby Canal which brought trade from Leeds .	Selby Town F.C .
Essex 's largest campus is the Colchester Campus within Wivenhoe Park , less than a mile ( 1.6 km ) from Wivenhoe and from Colchester .	Apart from the Colchester Campus , there is a campus in Southend-on-Sea and East 15 Acting School is based at the Loughton Campus .
The chemical process of adipocere formation , saponification , came to be understood in the 17th century when microscopes became widely available .	In 1825 , physician and lecturer Augustus Granville is believed to have ( somewhat unwittingly ) made candles from the adipocere of a mummy and used them to light the public lecture he gave to report on the mummy 's dissection .
As per the Gregorian calendar , the holiday occurs either in March or April .	Most modern historians consider Kundagram ( which is today 's Kundalpur in Champaran district of Bihar ) as Mahaveer 's birthplace , .
The wrasses are a family , Labridae , of marine fish , many of which are brightly colored .	The family is large and diverse , with over 600 species in 81 genera , which are divided into 9 subgroups or tribes .
In mathematics , the prime-counting function is the function counting the number of prime numbers less than or equal to some real number `` x '' .	It is denoted by ( `` x '' ) ( unrelated to the number ) .
A former Director of Studies and Dean of Chapel at Corpus Christi and Trinity College , Cambridge he is credited with introducing religious studies as a discipline to Cambridge University .	He has been a Professor of religious studies at the universities of Cambridge , Lancaster , Pennsylvania and North Carolina State University .
John Adrian Louis Hope , 1st Marquess of Linlithgow , 7th Earl of Hopetoun , ( 25 September 1860 – 29 February 1908 ) was a British aristocrat and statesman who served as the first Governor-General of Australia , in office from 1901 to 1902 .	He was previously Governor of Victoria from 1889 to 1895 .
when the first people arrived .	By 1100 A.D. two main cultures had become dominant as the Iroquoian and Algonquian developed .
A sequel is planned for 2019 .	Gabriel , an office temp by day and aspiring Broadway composer by night , makes eye contact with Mark , a go-go dancer in a gay bar .
He successfully coordinated the French , British and American efforts into a coherent whole , deftly handling his strategic reserves .	He stopped the German offensive and launched a war-winning counterattack .
Much like the concept of a terrestrial horizon , it represents the boundary between the observable and the unobservable regions of the universe , so its distance at the present epoch defines the size of the observable universe .	Due to the expansion of the universe it is not simply the age of the universe times the speed of light ( approximately 13.8 billion light-years ) , but rather the speed of light times the conformal time .
However , attacks on humanitarian workers have occasionally occurred , and became more frequent since the 1990s and 2000s .	In 2012 there were 167 incidents of major violence against aid workers and in 2013 there were 474 attacks .
The algorithm uses two variables , codice_1 and codice_2 .	A codice_3 value of codice_4 indicates that the process codice_5 wants to enter the critical section .
Zhongnanhai houses the office of the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China ( paramount leader ) and Premier of the People 's Republic of China .	The term `` Zhongnanhai '' is closely linked with the central government and senior Communist Party officials .
The archerfish ( spinner fish or archer fish ) form a monotypic family , Toxotidae , of fish known for their habit of preying on land-based insects and other small animals by shooting them down with water droplets from their specialized mouths .	The family is small , consisting of ten species in a single genus Toxotes .
The original members were Anders and Jonas Björler , Peter Dolving , Adrian Erlandsson and Patrik Jensen .	Both of the Björler brothers and Erlandsson were members of the seminal melodic death metal band At the Gates , a pioneering force in the Swedish death metal scene .
In psychology , qualitative research has come to be defined as research whose findings are not arrived at by statistical or other quantitative procedures .	Qualitative research is often said to be `` naturalistic '' .
In biology , a common name of a taxon or organism ( also known as a vernacular name , English name , colloquial name , trivial name , trivial epithet , country name , popular name , or farmer 's name ) is a name that is based on the normal language of everyday life ; this kind of name is often contrasted with the scientific name for the same organism , which is Latinized .	A common name is sometimes frequently used , but that is by no means always the case .
Bakewell is a small market town and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire , England , well known for the local confection Bakewell pudding .	It is located on the River Wye , about thirteen miles ( 21 km ) southwest of Sheffield .
The filler metal is brought slightly above its melting ( liquidus ) temperature while protected by a suitable atmosphere , usually a flux .	It then flows over the base metal ( known as wetting ) and is then cooled to join the work pieces together .
`` Spices '' used in the preparation of `` spiced buns '' include :	It is not known where or from the work of whom that `` spiced buns '' first came into being .
The city of Walnut is home to the National Traditional Country Music Association ( NTCMA ) , which produces programs for local radio and television in Iowa .	NTCMA also operates the Walnut Country Opera House , which is a theatre and home to several halls of fame and museums .
The Lizard ( Curtis `` Curt '' Connors ) is a fictional character , a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	The character is usually depicted as an enemy of Spider-Man .
Dore is a large village in South Yorkshire , England .	The village lies on a hill above the River Sheaf which gave Sheffield its name , and until 1934 was part of Derbyshire , but it is now a suburb of the city .
It can be contrasted with fish physiology , which is the study of how the component parts of fish function together in the living fish .	In practice , fish anatomy and fish physiology complement each other , the former dealing with the structure of a fish , its organs or component parts and how they are put together , such as might be observed on the dissecting table or under the microscope , and the latter dealing with how those components function together in living fish .
During the 1980s Brown toured and had recurring performances on `` A Prairie Home Companion '' .	Brown self-published two albums , `` 44 & 66 '' and `` The Iowa Waltz '' .
It is in the family Asteraceae .	The flowers exude a chamomile/pineapple aroma when crushed .
It was built between 1957 and 1961 , and in 1998 was given Grade II* listed building status .	Following a period of decline , the estate is being renovated by developers Urban Splash .
`` Experimental flight Apollo-Soyuz '' , commonly referred to by the Soviets as `` Soyuz-Apollo '' ) , conducted in July 1975 , was the first joint U.S.–Soviet space flight , as a symbol of the policy of détente that the two superpowers were pursuing at the time .	It involved the docking of an Apollo Command/Service Module with the Soviet Soyuz 19 .
Shocker ( Herman Schultz ) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	Herman Schultz is a career criminal who , after several prison terms for robbery , built a battle suit that sent out shock waves to quickly open safes as well as give him a significant advantage over the police .
It is the first novel about the Ankh-Morpork City Watch .	The first `` Discworld '' computer game borrowed heavily from `` Guards !
Femforce is a comic book published by AC Comics that began publication in 1985 , detailing the adventures of the titular team : the `` Federal Emergency Missions Force '' or `` Femforce '' , some of them original creations , while others originated in the 1940s and 1950s , lapsing into public domain by the time `` Femforce '' was published .	The team are , as their name implies , all female superheroes , and are the first and the longest running all-women 'super-team ' .
The first two conditions say that `` F '' is a `` K '' -module homomorphism between `` K '' -modules .	If `` F '' admits an inverse homomorphism or equivalently if it is bijective , `` F '' is said to be an isomorphism from `` A '' to `` B '' .
Sir Oliver Letwin , ( born 19 May 1956 ) is a British Conservative politician .	He has served as Member of Parliament for West Dorset since 1997 .
As a user enters a command , they see it echoed on their terminal and can edit it before it is processed by the computer .	In time-sharing systems , the location of the buffer depends on whether communications is full-duplex or half-duplex .
He founded and later sold the software company Opsware to Hewlett-Packard .	Andreessen is also a co-founder of Ning , a company that provides a platform for social networking websites .
To the extent that the European Union becomes a state then that necessitates EU-wide trade unions and a Communist Party of the EU . ''	In addition it is in favour of the unification of the entire working class under a new Communist International .
This neurological disorder is caused by a lack of thiamine in the brain , and is also exacerbated by the neurotoxic effects of alcohol .	When Wernicke encephalopathy accompanies alcoholic Korsakoff syndrome the combination is called Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome ; however , a recognized episode of Wernicke encephalopathy is not always obvious .
Where figures for production in 1939 are given , they refer to September 1939 onwards ; that is , they only count wartime production .	Notes :
Hot cross buns may go on sale in the United Kingdom , Australia and New Zealand as early as New Year 's Day or after Christmas .	In many historically Christian countries , plain buns made without dairy products ( forbidden in Lent until Palm Sunday ) are traditionally eaten hot or toasted during Lent , beginning with the evening of Shrove Tuesday ( the evening before Ash Wednesday ) to midday Good Friday .
Nenagh , the largest town in northern County Tipperary , lies to the west of the Nenagh River , which empties into Lough Derg at Dromineer , 9 km to the north-west , a popular centre for sailing and other water sports .	The Silvermine Mountain range lies to the south of the town , with the highest peak being Keeper Hill ( ) at 694 m. The Silvermines have been intermittently mined for silver and base metals for over seven hundred years .
His first professional appearance was in the National Eisteddfod of Wales in Aberavon in 1966 .	His talents were quickly recognised by BBC Wales .
Captain James Butler White , DFC , RNAS ( 7 July 1893 – 2 January 1972 ) was a World War I Royal Naval Air Service flying ace .	White was born on Manitoulin Island , Ontario , Canada .
This kind of torture would generally not last more than an hour , without rest , as it would likely result in death .	Other names for strappado include `` reverse hanging '' , `` Palestinian hanging '' ( because of its alleged use by Israel against Palestinians ) and `` il tormento della corda '' .
Pyramids is a fantasy novel by British writer Terry Pratchett , published in 1989 , the seventh book in his `` Discworld '' series .	It won the BSFA Awards in 1989 .
Thanks to that , Slide can also be seen as a Content Management Framework .	The use of WebDAV , which is a superset of HTTP , makes Slide an ideal candidate for web-based content management .
Tripontium ( Latin for `` Place of three bridges '' ) was a town in Roman Britain .	It lay just off the Roman road later called Watling Street ( and known today as the A5 ) at a site now chiefly within the civil parish of Newton and Biggin in the English county of Warwickshire and partly in Leicestershire , some 3.4 miles north-east of Rugby and 3.1 miles south of Lutterworth .
It is located east-southeast of Bridgeport , at an elevation of 8379 feet ( 2554 m ) .	The U.S. Department of the Interior recognizes the designated Bodie Historic District as a National Historic Landmark .
The 28th festival ran July 13–24 , 2016 and the 2017 festival ran from July 19–30 .	The 2015 festival indoor attendance was 108,706 , which was up from 104,859 in 2014 .
St. Edward 's University was founded by the Reverend Edward Sorin , CSC , Superior General of the Congregation of Holy Cross , who also founded the University of Notre Dame in South Bend , Indiana .	Father Sorin established the institution on farmland south of Austin in 1877 and named it St. Edward 's Academy in honor of his patron saint , Edward the Confessor and King .
She was a Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the House of Commons from 1984 to 2005 .	She was raised to the peerage in 2005 .
Brimson is located 27 miles northwest of the city of Two Harbors .	Indian Lake and the Cloquet River are both in the vicinity .
The boundary line between Lake and Saint Louis counties is nearby .	Rollins is located within the Cloquet Valley State Forest in Saint Louis County .
empirical evidence ) as opposed to information provided by inference .	In machine learning , the term `` ground truth '' refers to the accuracy of the training set 's classification for supervised learning techniques .
These powers are unique in that unlike the Regional Development Commissions they can supersede decisions and actions of local governments .	The legislature created the Metro Council to maintain public services , oversee growth of the state 's largest metro area and to act as the regional planning organization .
Or , equivalently ,	The first condition suggests why the term `` semidecidable '' is sometimes used ; the second suggests why `` computably enumerable '' is used .
It is situated near the Italian entrance of the Mont Blanc Tunnel , at the confluence of the Buthier and the Dora Baltea , and at the junction of the Great and Little St. Bernard routes .	Aosta was settled in proto-historic times and later became a centre of the Salassi , many of whom were killed or sold into slavery by the Romans in 25 BC .
Teip ( also taip and taipa ; Vaynakh тайпа `` taypa '' : `` family , kin , clan , tribe '' ) is a Chechen and Ingush tribal organization or clan , self-identified through descent from a common ancestor and geographic location .	There are about 130-233 teips ( though some sources state that there may be as many as 300 ) .
Graham Bruce Hancock ( ; born 2 August 1950 ) is a British author and reporter .	Hancock specialises in pseudoscientific theories involving ancient civilisations , stone monuments or megaliths , altered states of consciousness , ancient myths , and astronomical or astrological data from the past .
is a comedic play written by James Kirkwood , Jr .	It toured the United States with Mary Martin and Carol Channing in 1986 , but never had a production on Broadway .
The four digits encode the shapes found in the four corners of the symbol , top-left to bottom-right .	Although this does not uniquely identify a Chinese character , it leaves only a very short list of possibilities .
formula_9	for real `` x '' > 0 .
Queen Victoria has been called the `` Mother of Confederation '' .	Her role in Confederation is recognized by the celebration of Victoria Day in Canada .
Most broadcast on the FM band ; the AM band has been almost entirely abandoned by broadcasters , with the exception of State-run media and a few other stations .	In March , 2001 , the Greek government closed approximately 60 of 90+ FM stations operating in the Athens area , citing potential interference to frequencies to be used by the new Athens International Airport .
Wilton is a town in Hillsborough County , New Hampshire , United States .	The population was 3,677 at the 2010 census .
Later storylines added the `` Sisters of Death '' ( Phobia and Nausea ) to their ranks .	Former Judge Kraken was also a Dark Judge for a brief time during the `` Necropolis '' story .
The population was 6,284 at the 2010 census .	The central settlement in town , with 3,103 people at the 2010 census , is defined as the Peterborough census-designated place ( CDP ) and is located along the Contoocook River at the junction of U.S. Route 202 and New Hampshire Route 101 .
It is located along the Massachusetts state line .	The population was 24,467 at the 2010 census , with an estimated population of 25,139 in 2017 .
It refers to a restructuring of government and public organizations into their administration .	The result of corporatization is the creation of state-owned corporations ( or corporations at other government levels , such as municipally owned corporations ) where the government retains a majority ownership of the corporation 's stock .
He also appeared in 12 episodes of the sitcom `` How I Met Your Mother '' as Marshall Eriksen 's father Marvin .	Fagerbakke , was born in October 4 , 1957 , in Fontana , California , and moved to Rupert , Idaho , as a youth .
The Aeroplane Flies High is a five-disc box set released by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins in 1996 .	It contains expanded versions of the five singles from their album `` Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness '' and also included a 44-page booklet with pictures and writings by the band 's lead singer Billy Corgan , as well as lyrics .
After years of appearing in `` Judge Dredd '' stories , he later got his own series in the `` Judge Dredd Megazine '' and in `` 2000 AD '' .	The full story of his journey from being a boy named Sidney De'Ath , the son of a sadistic traveling dentist , to his incarnation as a creature of pure evil is recounted in the `` Judge Dredd Megazine '' series `` Young Death - Boyhood of a Super-Fiend '' and given extra detail by `` Anderson : Psi Division - Half Life '' .
He is best known for his complex , lyrically dense songwriting , apparent on the critically lauded album `` In the Aeroplane Over the Sea '' .	Mangum was born in Ruston , Louisiana , where he met the other co-founding members of Elephant 6 , Robert Schneider , Will Cullen Hart , and Bill Doss .
The Counts of Holland ruled over the County of Holland in the Low Countries between the 10th and the 16th century .	The first count of Holland , Dirk I , was the son or foster-son of Gerolf , Count in Frisia ( Dijkstra suggests that Dirk may have been the son of a sister of Gerolf and that his own father died while he was still an infant ) .
`` Bulldog '' , having been knocked overboard accidentally by Spider-Man ( right after the hero finished a fight against Namor ) while a powerful experimental generator is being tested in the ocean .	The combination of unknown radiation and his immersion in a deep ocean dwelling bacteria turns him into Hydro-Man .
Its colloquial names include the bald-faced hornet , bald hornet , white-faced hornet , white-tailed hornet , spruce wasp , blackjacket , and bull wasp .	This species is a yellowjacket wasp , not a true hornet ( genus `` Vespa '' ) .
He has appeared together with some of his co-hosts in commercials for Sears and Motorola .	`` Cotorreando '' ran until September 28 , 2007 when it was cancelled by Telemundo
A germ cell is any biological cell that gives rise to the gametes of an organism that reproduces sexually .	In many animals , the germ cells originate in the primitive streak and migrate via the gut of an embryo to the developing gonads .
John Parker Hale ( March 31 , 1806November 19 , 1873 ) was an American politician and lawyer from New Hampshire .	He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1843 to 1845 and in the United States Senate from 1847 to 1853 and again from 1855 to 1865 .
Genpuku ( 元服 ) , a Japanese coming-of-age ceremony modeled after an early Tang Dynasty Chinese custom , dates back to Japan 's classical Nara Period ( 710–794 AD ) .	This ceremony marked the transition from child to adult status and the assumption of adult responsibilities .
There was little , if any , effective difference between the two titles , and several individuals merely changed titles as child emperors grew to adulthood , or adult emperors retired or died and were replaced by child emperors .	The two titles were collectively known as , and the families that exclusively held the titles were called `` Sekkan-ke '' or Sekkan family .
The male 's song is composed of random chattering phrases and can include mimicry of other species .	The sedge warbler is mostly insectivorous .
The aquatic warbler ( `` Acrocephalus paludicola '' ) is an Old World warbler in the genus `` Acrocephalus '' .	It breeds in temperate eastern Europe and western Asia , with an estimated population of 15,000 pairs .
Lyman Louis Lemnitzer ( August 29 , 1899 – November 12 , 1988 ) was a United States Army general , who served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1960 to 1962 .	He then served as Supreme Allied Commander Europe of NATO from 1963 to 1969 .
Mazari was an ethnic Hazara , and believed the solution to the internal divisions in Afghanistan was in a federal system of governance , with each ethnic group having specific constitutional rights .	After being murdered by the Taliban , he was posthumously given the title ‘ Martyr Of National Unity ’ in 2016 .
The marsh warbler breeds in a variety of mostly damp habitats , but in Africa winters mainly in dry , well-vegetated areas .	It is common over much of its breeding range and expanding its distribution in some areas .
It is one of the most common winter warblers in those countries .	It is a rare vagrant to western Europe .
The `` Jagdpanzer '' 38 ( Sd.Kfz .	138/2 ) , was a German light tank destroyer of the Second World War based on a modified Czechoslovakian Panzer 38 ( t ) chassis .
The genus name `` Acrocephalus '' is from Ancient Greek `` akros '' , `` highest '' , and `` kephale '' , `` head '' .	It is possible that Naumann and Naumann thought `` akros '' meant `` sharp-pointed '' .
The thick-billed warbler ( `` Arundinax aedon ) '' breeds in temperate east Asia .	It is migratory , wintering in tropical South Asia and South-east Asia .
The genus name `` Acrocephalus '' is from Ancient Greek `` akros '' , `` highest '' , and `` kephale '' , `` head '' .	It is possible that Naumann and Naumann thought `` akros '' meant `` sharp-pointed '' .
Then fighting under her married name of Melissa Salamone , Del Valle won the New York state Golden Gloves title at 132 pounds in both 1996 and 1997 .	In the latter year , she added the national amateur lightweight title , sweeping all five scorecards in the finals on July 19 , 1997 .
Born in New York City , Gruening pursued a career in journalism after graduating from Harvard Medical School .	After working for various newspapers in New York and Boston , he served in various roles during the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
In his book , `` The Rough Riders '' , Roosevelt said about Greenway : `` A strapping fellow , entirely fearless , modest and quiet , with the ability to take care of the men under him so as to bring them to the highest point of soldierly perfection , to be counted upon with absolute certainty in every emergency ; not only doing his duty , but always on the watch to find some new duty which he could construe to be his , ready to respond with eagerness to the slightest suggestion of doing something , whether it was dangerous or merely difficult and laborious . ''	Outside of military service , Greenway was a noted American mining , steel and railroad executive who vastly expanded copper mining in the American Southwest .
The last confirmed sighting of a huia was in 1907 , although there were credible sightings as late as the early 1960s .	Its extinction had two primary causes .
As an amateur welterweight boxer he won the Italian title in 1956–60 , the European title in 1957 and 1959 , and an Olympic gold medal in 1960 , receiving the Val Barker trophy for boxing style .	In 1961 , having an amateur record of 120-0 , he turned professional and won world titles in the light-middleweight division and twice in the middleweight division .
After a day 's rehearsals at the Royal Albert Hall a strike by BBC technicians stopped the show .	Audio recordings of the songs were voted on by 14 regional juries : Bristol , Bangor , Leeds , Norwich , Newcastle , Aberdeen , Birmingham , Belfast , Cardiff , Plymouth , Glasgow , Southampton and London .
Prime Minister Louis Botha informed London that South Africa could defend itself and that the Imperial Garrison might depart for France ; when the British government asked Botha whether his forces would invade German South West Africa , the reply was that they could and would .	South African troops were mobilised along the border between the two countries under the command of General Henry Lukin and Lt Col Manie Maritz early in September 1914 .
It was for many years the family seat of the Bankes family who lived nearby at Corfe Castle until its destruction in the English Civil War after its incumbent owners , Sir John Bankes and Dame Mary , had remained loyal to Charles I .	The house was built between 1663 and 1665 by Ralph Bankes , son of Sir John Bankes , to a design by the architect Sir Roger Pratt .
This list does not include all of the state 's many television translators and low-power transmitters .	Many Albuquerque-based or Santa Fe-based network affiliates have satellite stations in other cities .
Along with the Geneva Conventions , the Hague Conventions were among the first formal statements of the laws of war and war crimes in the body of secular international law .	A third conference was planned for 1914 and later rescheduled for 1915 , but it did not take place due to the start of World War I .
Schematron is a rule-based validation language for making assertions about the presence or absence of patterns in XML trees .	It is a structural schema language expressed in XML using a small number of elements and XPath .
Tsui was born in Shanghai .	He grew up in Tai Koon Yu , a little village on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong near Kai Tak Airport .
Wilton House is an English country house at Wilton near Salisbury in Wiltshire .	It has been the country seat of the Earls of Pembroke for over 400 years .
After graduating in 1853 , Rose formed a partnership with his brother-in-law in Batesville .	In 1860 he was appointed chancellor in Pulaski County , a position he held until Union forces captured the state capital .
Historically , the University of Newcastle Medical School has implemented the problem-based learning system for its undergraduate Bachelor of Medicine program – a system later mandated for use by the Australian Medical Council throughout Australia .	It pioneered use of the Undergraduate Medicine and Health Sciences Admission Test ( UMAT ) in the early 1990s .
Robert James Brown ( born 27 December 1944 ) is a former Australian politician , medical doctor , and environmentalist who is a former Senator , and former Parliamentary Leader of the Australian Greens .	Brown was elected to the Australian Senate on the Tasmanian Greens ticket , joining with sitting Greens Western Australia senator Dee Margetts to form the first group of Australian Greens senators following the 1996 federal election .
VC refers to the station 's PSIP virtual channel .	RF refers to the station 's physical RF channel .
They were active during the 1980s , 1990s and early 2000s , and have had two albums certified double platinum in France and three certified gold .	They have been an influence on numerous French musicians including Cali , Louise Attaque and Miossec .
Situated on the banks of the River Isar , Landshut is the capital of Lower Bavaria , one of the seven administrative regions of the Free State of Bavaria .	It is also the seat of the surrounding district , and has a population of more than 70,000 .
It is the second largest banking institution in the United States , after JP Morgan Chase .	As a part of the Big Four , it services approximately 10.73 % of all American bank deposits , in direct competition with Citigroup , Wells Fargo , and JPMorgan Chase .
Van Kooten en De Bie were a Dutch comedy duo formed by Kees van Kooten and Wim de Bie .	They started performing together in 1964 .
It is often gilded to give gilt-bronze or ormolu .	Common bronze alloys have the unusual and desirable property of expanding slightly just before they set , thus filling the finest details of a mould .
Bellamy sailed the `` Whydah '' up the coast of colonial America , capturing ships as he went .	On 26 April 1717 , the `` Whydah '' was caught in a violent storm and wrecked .
The invention was made around 1786 , although some say he only improved on an earlier design by a Scottish farmer named Leckie .	Earlier ( c.1772 ) , he also invented windmill `` spring sails '' , which replaced the simple canvas designs previously used with sails made from a series of shutters that could be operated by levers , allowing windmill sails to be quickly and safely controlled in the event of a storm .
Leonard Michael Maltin ( born December 18 , 1950 ) is an American film critic and film historian , as well as an author of several mainstream books on cinema , focusing on nostalgic , celebratory narratives .	Maltin created the Walt Disney Treasures , a series of compilations of Disney cartoons and episodes released to mark the centenary of the birth of Walt Disney .
She also inspired many other writers and artists .	Gala was born as Elena Ivanovna Diakonova ( Russian : Елена Ивановна Дьяконова ) in Kazan , Kazan Governorate , Russian Empire , to a family of intellectuals .
Crawford Williamson Long ( November 1 , 1815 – June 16 , 1878 ) was an American surgeon and pharmacist best known for his first use of inhaled sulfuric ether as an anesthetic .	Long was born in Danielsville , Madison County , Georgia on November 1 , 1815 to James and Elizabeth Long .
Common folk-names for this bird in the southern United States are rain crow and storm crow .	These likely refer to the bird 's habit of calling on hot days , often presaging rain or thunderstorms .
The team play in League Two , the fourth tier of the English football league system .	The club is owned by the club 's supporters through the Exeter City Supporters ' Trust .
It is one of the five colleges of The New School .	The school is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious art and design schools in the world and ranks consistently as the top art and design school in the United States .
The award had only been authorized by Congress the previous year and no medals had yet been struck , so the Pan American airmen initially received only certificates .	Among the ten airmen were Major Herbert Dargue , Captains Ira C. Eaker and Muir S. Fairchild , and 1st Lt. Ennis C. Whitehead .
VC refers to the station 's PSIP virtual channel .	RF refers to the station 's physical RF channel .
He obtained his bachelor 's degree , Master of Philosophy in Sociology and PhD Degree from The University of Hong Kong .	His fields of research interest include electoral studies , political culture , public opinion , rural politics , mobility studies , media performance , youth culture and tradition in modernity .
The Prisoner of War Medal may be awarded to any person who was a prisoner of war after April 5 , 1917 ( the date of the United States ' entry into World War I was April 6 ) .	It is awarded to any person who was taken prisoner or held captive while engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States ; while engaged in military operations involving conflict with an opposing Armed Force ; or while serving with friendly forces engaged in armed conflict against an opposing Armed Force in which the United States is not a belligerent party .
Approximately long , the canal connects the village of Ardrishaig on Loch Gilp with the Sound of Jura , providing a navigable route between the Clyde and the Inner Hebrides , without the need for a long diversion around the Kintyre peninsula , and in particular the exposed Mull of Kintyre .	The canal was built to provide a short cut for commercial sailing and fishing vessels and later Clyde puffers to travel between the industrialised region around Glasgow to the West Highland villages and islands .
It was the last major title from Cavedog Entertainment .	An expansion pack , `` The Iron Plague '' , was released in 2000 .
Six members from each of Northern Ireland 's eighteen Westminster Parliamentary constituencies were elected by single transferable vote , giving a total of 108 Members of the Legislative Assembly ( MLAs ) .	The result was ( first preference votes only ) :
3,951 athletes from 146 countries took part , the largest number of nations ever ( ten more than the 2004 Games in Athens ) .	Five countries competed for the first time .
In the DSM-5 the disorder has been renamed somatic symptom disorder ( SSD ) , and includes SSD with predominantly somatic complaints ( previously referred to as somatization disorder ) , and SSD with pain features ( previously known as pain disorder ) .	The DSM-IV-TR diagnostic criteria are :
They rent their home to an Admiral and his wife .	The wife ’ s brother , Navy Captain Frederick Wentworth , had been engaged to Anne in 1806 , and now they meet again , both single and unattached , after no contact in more than seven years .
The series was released in the United States on VHS in 1999 and on DVD in 2002 , only in a subtitled format .	All instances of the word , `` Sexy '' , were changed into `` Lovely '' in some episodes , presumably to keep within the guidelines of Pioneer USA 's rating system ( the series was rated for 3 and up ) .
The Fifth Generation Computer Systems [ Present and Future ] ( FGCS ) was an initiative by Japan 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry , begun in 1982 , to create a computer using massively parallel computing/processing .	It was to be the result of a massive government/industry research project in Japan during the 1980s .
NS is responsible for maintaining 26,300 miles , with the remainder being operated under trackage rights from other parties responsible for maintenance .	The most common commodity hauled on the railway is coal from mines in Indiana , Kentucky , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , Virginia , and West Virginia .
They give birth to live young ; the young are about long at birth and generally have golden stripes .	Slowworms are slow-moving and can be easily caught , which has given rise to the folk etymology that the `` slow- '' in `` slowworm '' is the same as the English adjective `` slow '' ; the actual origin is a Proto-Germanic root which simply means `` slowworm '' .
A few species have very small , stub-like legs near their rear vents .	These are vestigial organs , meaning they have evolved and are no longer in use .
Nuclear medicine is a medical specialty involving the application of radioactive substances in the diagnosis and treatment of disease .	Nuclear medicine , in a sense , is `` radiology done inside out '' or `` endoradiology '' because it records radiation emitting from within the body rather than radiation that is generated by external sources like X-rays .
Species in the genus `` Elgaria '' are distributed in western North America , from Mexico to Canada .	There are seven species :
Lepidophyma is a genus of lizards , commonly called tropical night lizards .	The genus `` Lepidophyma '' ( Greek for `` warty scales '' ) is one of three genera of night lizards ( family Xantusiidae ) , which are a group of viviparous ( live-bearing ) lizards .
The specific name , `` skoogi '' , is in honor of Hilmer Nils Erik Skoog ( 1870–1927 ) , who was Curator of the `` '' from 1904 to 1927 .	In 1916 Andersson described this lizard as a new species , naming it `` Gerrhosaurus skoogi '' .
These three types of ecclesiastical structures are composed of lay people served by their own secular clergy and prelate .	Unlike dioceses which cover territories , personal prelatures—like military ordinariates—take charge of persons as regards some objectives regardless of where they live .
Colobodactylus ( common name : Amaral 's teiids ) is a small genus of lizards in the family Gymnophthalmidae .	The genus is endemic to Brazil .
Species of `` Echinosaura '' occur in tropical rainforests of Panama and South America .	Spined tegu lizards are normally brown in color and have spines on the head , torso , and tail .
Species in the genus `` Colobosauroides '' are found in northeastern Brazil , in the Brazilian states of Bahia and Ceará .	The genus `` Colobosauroides '' includes only the following two species :
The genus is endemic to South America .	The genus `` Macropholidus '' contains four species which are recognized as being valid .
7 species are recognized as being valid .	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Neusticurus '' .
`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Riolama '' .	Relatives of the `` Riolama '' , nicknamed `` The Night Sky '' and `` The Brown Giant '' were discovered by scientists in the Pico da Neblina National Park , Brazil in 2018 .
The Key tegu ( `` Echinosaura keyi '' ) is a species of lizard in the family Gymnophthalmidae .	The species is endemic to Ecuador .
Mortara grew up as a Catholic under the protection of Pope Pius IX—who refused his parents ' desperate pleas for his return—and eventually became a priest .	The domestic and international outrage against the pontifical state 's actions may have contributed to its downfall amid the unification of Italy .
The house derived its greatest lustre from the patriotic courage and tragic fate of the 306 Fabii in the Battle of the Cremera , 477 BC .	But the Fabii were not distinguished as warriors alone ; several members of the gens were also important in the history of Roman literature and the arts .
He pioneered the legal-aid movement in the country .	Before that , he had pioneered land reforms law as a state minister & independent politician , which became a model for the rest of the country .
Today , mining is no longer a mainstay of the city 's economy .	The city 's reputation for silverwork , along with its picturesque homes and surrounding landscapes , have made tourism the main economic activity .
The Walt Disney Concert Hall at 111 South Grand Avenue in downtown Los Angeles , California , is the fourth hall of the Los Angeles Music Center and was designed by Frank Gehry .	It opened on October 24 , 2003 .
Part of the area is also known as Jacksonville , although Jacksonville was once a separate community to the east .	Hunt Valley Golf Club , a 36-hole private golf course , is located in Phoenix , Maryland .
The idea of breaking a container filled with treats came to Europe in the 14th century , where the name , from the Italian `` pignatta '' , was introduced .	The Spanish brought the European tradition to Mexico , although there were similar traditions in Mesoamerica , such as the Aztecs ' honoring the birthday of the god Huitzilopochtli in mid December .
Orycteropodidae is recognized as the only family within the order Tubulidentata , so the two are effectively synonyms .	Aardvarks had originally been categorized as relatives of American anteaters in the order Edentata .
Suffocation is an American death metal band formed in 1988 in Centereach , New York .	The band consists of lead guitarist Terrance Hobbs , bassist Derek Boyer , rhythm guitarist Charlie Errigo , and drummer Eric Morotti .
His first appearance in surviving records is as magister equitum in 325 BC , when he won a daring victory against the Samnites at Imbrinium .	However , he had acted without the authority of the dictator Lucius Papirius Cursor , who was angry and demanded that the Senate punish Fabius for disobeying orders .
He was in command of the Second Pacific Squadron in the Battle of Tsushima , during the Russo-Japanese War .	Under Admiral Rozhestvensky 's command , the Russian navy holds the record of steaming an all-steel , coal-powered battleship fleet over one way to engage an enemy in decisive battle ( Battle of Tsushima ) , selecting , one of four brand new battleships of the French-designed , as his flagship for the voyage to the Pacific .
Given an arbitrary set `` X '' , a totally ordered set `` Y '' , and a function , formula_1 , the arg max over some subset , `` S '' , of `` X '' is defined by	If `` S '' = `` X '' or `` S '' is clear from the context , then `` S '' is often left out , as in formula_3 In other words , arg max is the set of points , `` x , '' for which `` f '' ( `` x '' ) attains the function 's largest value ( if it exists ) .
The name derived from the color of their shirts or loose fitting blouses ( complete uniforms were beyond the finances of the Italian patriots ) .	The red shirts were started by Giuseppe Garibaldi .
Our Lady of Zeitoun , also known simply as El-Zeitoun , Zeitun or rarely Our Lady of Light , was a mass Marian apparition that occurred in the Zeitoun district of Cairo , Egypt , over a period of 2–3 years beginning on April 2 , 1968 .	The first apparition at Zeitoun was recorded on the evening of April 2 , 1968 , when a Muslim bus mechanic named Farouk Mohammed Atwa , who worked across the street from St. Mary 's Coptic Church in Zeitoun , thought he saw a woman attempting suicide by jumping from the structure .
Kington was born in Downpatrick , County Down , Northern Ireland , where his father Bill , a soldier , was then posted .	Subsequently , his father ran the Border Brewery in Wrexham , North Wales .
These generators satisfy formula_1 and	The factor of is merely a matter of convention .
Serote was born in Sophiatown , Johannesburg , South Africa , and went to school in Alexandra , Lesotho , and Soweto .	He first became involved in the Black Consciousness Movement when he was finishing high school in Soweto .
Meta-systems have several definitions .	In general , they link the concepts `` system '' and `` meta- '' .
Founded in 1874 as `` Ontario Ladies ' College '' , Trafalgar Castle School is one of the oldest independent schools in Canada and the second-oldest girls ' school in Ontario .	The castle was built by Nelson Gilbert Reynolds , Sheriff of Ontario County , as a private residence in 1859 .
Stephen Watson ( 6 November 1954 – 10 April 2011 ) was a South African poet .	Most of his poetry is about the city of Cape Town , where he lived most of his life .
It was located on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario between Whitby and Oshawa in Ontario , Canada .	The area is known today as Intrepid Park , after the code name for Sir William Stephenson , Director of British Security Co-ordination ( BSC ) , who established the program to create the training facility .
Ten nations sent representatives , the main naval powers of Europe and the United States and Japan .	The conference met from December 4 , 1908 to February 26 , 1909 .
The English term `` enclosure '' is used in contemporary Catholic church law translations to mean cloistered , and some form of the Latin parent word `` claustrum '' is frequently used as a metonymic name for `` monastery '' in languages such as German .	Historically , the early medieval cloister had several antecedents , the peristyle court of the Greco-Roman `` domus '' , the atrium and its expanded version that served as forecourt to early Christian basilicas , and certain semi-galleried courts attached to the flanks of early Syrian churches .
The President of Malta ( ) is the constitutional head of state of Malta .	The President is appointed by a resolution of the House of Representatives of Malta for a five-year term , taking an oath to `` preserve , protect and defend '' the Constitution .
Francois Legault founded Air Transat with other business partners such as Jean-Marc Eustache , Philippe Sureau , Lina de Cesare , Yvon Lecavalier and Pierre Ménard .	Legault left the company in 1997 with no forewarning after a dispute with business partners , who only found out after the fact .
The spinor bundle formula_8 is defined to be the complex vector bundle	associated to the spin structure formula_15 via the spin representation formula_16 where formula_17 denotes the group of unitary operators acting on a Hilbert space formula_18 It is worth noting that the spin representation formula_19 is a faithful and unitary representation of the group formula_20 .
The SD80MAC is a C-C diesel-electric locomotive .	The model uses a 20-cylinder version of EMD 's 710G prime mover , and is the first diesel locomotive to use a 20-cylinder engine since EMD 's SD45 and SD45-2 .
Jemima , along with her sisters , was described as the most beautiful women in the land .	Also , unusually and in common with her sisters , Jemima was granted an inheritance by her father , with her brothers as might have been expected ( ) .
He is also referred to as the `` Father of Human Capital Development '' ( `` Bapa Pembangunan Modal Insan '' ) .	After Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim was dismissed , Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad appointed Abdullah as Deputy Prime Minister in 1999 .
In 1864 he patented a design for a cylindrical tunnelling shield , and obtained a provisional patent in 1868 for an improved design .	Barlow as born at Woolwich , the son of an engineer and mathematician , professor Peter Barlow of the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich .
Jarvis Branson Cocker ( born 19 September 1963 ) is an English musician , actor and presenter .	As the frontman of the band Pulp , he became a figurehead of the Britpop genre of the mid-1990s .
Downstream , the next bridge is Westminster Bridge ; upstream , the next bridge is Vauxhall Bridge .	The most conspicuous colour in the bridge 's paint scheme is red , the same colour as the leather benches in the House of Lords , which is at the southern end of the Palace of Westminster nearest the bridge .
Color blindness , in sociology , is a concept describing the idea of a society where racial classifications do not limit a person 's opportunities based on their race , or color , as well as race-neutral governmental policies that reject discrimination in any form , and said to promote the goal of racial equality .	This ideal was important to the Civil Rights Movement and international anti-discrimination movements of the 1950s and 1960s .
The municipal unit has an area of 49.322 km .	The population was 3,622 in 2011 .
After her parents divorced there when she was a teenager , her brother Douglas remained with their father , while she and her sister Norma moved to New York City with their mother Edith , who hoped to get her daughters into show business .	In 1920 the girls appeared as extras and in bit parts in productions filmed on location in New York , New Jersey , and Florida ; but soon Edith relocated with them to California with the intention of securing contracts with one of the fast-growing studios in Hollywood .
Partridge was born in the Waimata Valley , near Gisborne , on the North Island of New Zealand to John Thomas Partridge , a grazier , and his wife Ethel Annabella Norris .	In 1907 the family moved to Queensland , Australia , where he was educated at the Toowoomba Grammar School .
Giffen goods are named after Scottish economist Sir Robert Giffen , to whom Alfred Marshall attributed this idea in his book `` Principles of Economics '' , first published in 1890 .	Giffen first proposed the paradox from his observations of the purchasing habits of the Victorian era poor .
Super Dave is billed as an `` accomplished '' stuntman , though he rarely succeeds when performing the stunts depicted on-screen .	Typically the character will perform outrageous daredevil stunts which often go disastrously awry and result in the appearance of grievous bodily injury .
The DJ sets a record spinning , then drops the stylus on the turntable at the exact point where he wants playback to begin without previously cuing up the record .	Since there is no time wasted in cuing , the needle drop allows faster movements by the DJ .
The town is perhaps most well known for its multiple film and TV studios ( although only two of any significance remain ) , commonly known as Elstree Studios , hence the association with Elstree .	One of the earliest mentions of Bosci de Boreham ( Wood of Boreham ) , is in 1188 :
The Great Raft was a gigantic log jam or series of `` rafts '' that clogged the Red and Atchafalaya Rivers and was unique in North America in terms of its scale .	The Great Raft probably began forming around 1100–1200 .
He currently works at 22Cans as the founder .	Peter Molyneux began his career in 1982 by distributing and selling floppy disks which contained video games for Atari and the Commodore 64 .
The Eloi are one of the two fictional post-human races , along with the Morlocks , in H. G. Wells ' 1895 novel `` The Time Machine '' .	By the year AD 802,701 , humanity has evolved into two separate species : the Eloi and the Morlocks .
Persian humā ( ) .	The figure can be found in all periods of Iranian art and literature and is also evident in the iconography of Georgia , medieval Armenia , the Byzantine Empire , and other regions that were within the realm of Persian cultural influence .
It is used in the automotive , computer , and culinary industries .	In cars , on the fly can be used to describe the changing of the cars configuration while it is still driving .
The Khe Sanh Combat Base is a museum where relics of the war are exhibited .	Most of the former base is now overgrown by wilderness or coffee and banana plants .
He headlined the 1993 edition of ECW 's premier annual event , November to Remember .	While living in Minneapolis , Hegstrand attended Patrick Henry High School where he graduated in 1976 .
He was also a politician , poet , journalist , publisher , teacher , philosopher , linguist and member of the Hungarian Parliament .	At the turn of the 18th and 19th centuries , Slovaks were divided concerning the literary language to be used :
Elected at the 2001 federal election on a primary vote of 4.36 percent with One Nation and micro-party preferences , she failed to gain re-election at the 2007 federal election , despite an increase in the Green primary vote to 8.43 percent , due to insufficient preferences .	Kerry Nettle was born 24 December 1973 , in Sydney , to Edward and Beverley Nettle .
`` Stand on Zanzibar '' was innovative within the science fiction genre for mixing narrative with entire chapters dedicated to providing background information and worldbuilding , to create a sprawling narrative that presents a complex and multi-faceted view of the story 's future world .	Such information-rich chapters were often constructed from many short paragraphs , sentences , or fragments thereof—pulled from sources such as slogans , snatches of conversation , advertising text , songs , extracts from newspapers and books , and other cultural detritus .
She is considered one of the first supermodels , and was well known in the United States and Europe .	Dorian Leigh Parker was born in San Antonio , Texas , to George and Elizabeth Parker .
He was said to have been Pope after another Pope John who reigned four months after John XIV and was named `` Papa Ioannes XIV Bis '' or `` Pope John XIVb '' .	This supposed second John XIV never existed , rather he was confused with a certain cardinal deacon John , son of Robert , who was opposed to antipope Boniface VII and is now excluded from the papal lists .
The State President of the Republic of South Africa ( ) was the head of state of South Africa from 1961 to 1994 .	The office was established when the country became a republic in 1961 , and Queen Elizabeth II ceased to be monarch of South Africa .
French chemist Louis Pasteur was the first `` zymologist '' when in 1857 he connected yeast to fermentation .	Pasteur originally defined fermentation as `` respiration without air '' .
When the Vermont legislature created the state railroad commission in 1855 to over see railway construction , maintenance , and operations , the first person appointed to the position was Charles Linsley , the Rutland and Burlington 's counsel , and a member of its board of directors .	A number of other railroads were formed in the region , and by 1867 the Rutland & Burlington Railroad had changed its name to simply the Rutland Railroad .
John XII was born Octavianus , the son of Alberic II of Spoleto , Patrician and self-styled prince of Rome .	His mother is believed to have been Alda of Vienne , Alberic ’ s stepsister and the daughter of Hugh of Italy .
Sulu 's first name , `` Hikaru '' , appeared in a 1981 novel well over a decade after the original series had ended .	John Cho assumed the role of the character in both the 2009 film `` Star Trek '' and its sequels , `` Star Trek Into Darkness '' and `` Star Trek Beyond '' .
The story is a modern retelling of the Faust legend set during the 1950s in Washington , D.C. , during a time when the New York Yankees dominated Major League Baseball .	It is based on Wallop 's novel `` The Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant '' .
He also portrayed the character in six `` Star Trek '' feature films and one episode of `` '' .	, his Facebook page has over 10 million followers since he joined in 2011 , and the account frequently shares photos with original humorous commentary .
According to Liutprand of Cremona ( `` Antapodosis '' , ii .	c. 48 ) and the `` Liber Pontificalis , '' his father was Pope Sergius III ( 904–911 ) , ( `` Johannes , natione Romanus ex patre Sergio papa , '' `` Liber Pont . ''
John ’ s pontificate occurred during the period known as the Saeculum obscurum .	John X , whose father ’ s name was also John , was born at Tossignano , along the Santerno River .
With the support of the powerful House of Spoleto he was elected Pontiff in early 898 following the sudden death of Pope Theodore II .	With a view to diminish the violence of faction in Rome , John held several synods in Rome and elsewhere in 898 .
Each monthon was led by a royal commissioner called `` Thesaphiban '' ( เทศาภิบาล ) , later renamed to `` Samuhathesaphiban '' ( สมุหเทศาภิบาล ) .	The system was officially adopted by the 1897 Local Administration Act , after some monthon had been established and administrative details were sorted out .
John was a native of Rossano in Calabria .	His father , Plato ( c. 620 – 686 ) , was imperial `` cura palatii urbis Romae '' , or curator of the Palatine Hill .
The phrase has had different connotations in different contexts : in the UK , it was used to describe content which was an `` alternative '' to the mainstream of live comedy , which often involved racist and sexist material .	In other contexts , it is the nature of the form that is `` alternative '' , avoiding reliance on a standardised structure of a sequence of jokes with punch lines .
The band has released three studio albums .	After independently releasing a self-titled debut in 1996 , the band garnered mainstream exposure with the support of nu metal pioneers Jonathan Davis and Fred Durst who aided Deadsy on their 2002 album `` Commencement '' .
Doherty was born in Hexham , Northumberland , to a military family .	His father , Peter John Doherty , was a major in the Royal Signals , while his mother , Jacqueline Michels , was a lance-corporal in Queen Alexandra 's Royal Army Nursing Corps .
His papacy was noted for military and political breakthroughs on the Italian peninsula .	He succeeded to the papal chair two months after the death of Pope Sergius I , and his election occurred after a vacancy of less than seven weeks .
John XVII was nominated to the papacy by John Crescentius , a Roman noble who held power in the city in opposition to Emperor Otto III .	John XVII 's successor , Pope John XVIII , was also selected by Crescentius .
His sister is politician Nina Temple .	He was educated at St Marylebone Grammar School ( from which he was expelled ) , William Ellis School , and King 's College , Cambridge .
Pope John XVIII ( ; died June or July 1009 ) was Pope and ruler of the Papal states from January 1004 ( 25 December 1003 NS ) to his abdication in June 1009 .	He was born Giovanni Fassano at Rome , the son of a Roman priest , either named Leo according to Johann Peter Kirsch , or named Ursus according to Horace K Mann .
Duce ( , `` leader '' ) is an Italian title , derived from the Latin word `` dux '' , and a cognate of `` duke '' .	National Fascist Party leader Benito Mussolini was identified by Fascists as `` Il Duce '' ( `` The Leader '' ) of the movement .
Bruce Douglas Foxton ( born 1 September 1955 ) is an English singer , songwriter and musician .	Foxton 's music career spans more than 40 years .
Clary was born in Surbiton , Surrey , to Brenda Clary ( née McDonald ) , a probation officer , and Peter J. Clary , a policeman .	He was brought up in Teddington with two older sisters .
The church is organised into one diocese headed by the Bishop of Iceland .	The current Bishop of Iceland is Agnes M. Sigurðardóttir , the first woman to hold this position .
The existence of such one-way functions is still an open conjecture .	In fact , their existence would prove that the complexity classes P and NP are not equal , thus resolving the foremost unsolved question of theoretical computer science .
When exposed to ultraviolet light , it will fluoresce with an orange colour , intensifying almost 20-fold after binding to DNA .	Under the name homidium , it has been commonly used since the 1950s in veterinary medicine to treat trypanosomiasis in cattle , a disease caused by trypanosomes .
Ruby Wax , ( born Ruby Wachs ; 19 April 1953 ) is an American actress , mental health campaigner , lecturer , and author who holds both American and United Kingdom citizenship and who has resided in England since the 1970s .	A classically trained actress , Wax starred in the sitcom `` Girls on Top '' ( 1985–86 ) , and came to prominence as a comic interviewer , playing up to British perceptions of the strident American style , in shows including `` The Full Wax '' ( 1991–94 ) and `` Ruby Wax Meets ... '' ( 1994–98 ) .
In 1987 , Pursey and guitarist David Parsons reformed the band , joined by new personnel .	Although subsequently going through a number of line-up changes , Sham 69 remain active and are still playing gigs as of 2017 .
It is the southern end of the Golden Horseshoe , the largest megalopolis in Canada .	The region occupies most of the Niagara Peninsula .
In 1827 he was sent as a pupil to Thomas Arnold ( 1795–1842 ) , a family friend .	As a boy he acquired a taste for natural history which dominated his life .
In the course of his career Bators was involved with a variety of bands beyond those for which he was best known , including Hormones , with Dennis Comeau and Andre Siva , Frankenstein , The Wanderers and The Whores of Babylon ( with Dee Dee Ramone and Johnny Thunders ) .	He also recorded as a solo artist with Bomp !
Inclusion in this list is determined by the date at which the educational institute met the traditional definition of a university although it may have existed as a different kind of institute before that time .	This definition limits the term `` university '' to institutions with distinctive structural and legal features that developed in Europe , and which make the university form different from other institutions of higher learning in the pre-modern world .
Originally an accountant , Brown worked hard at live standup , until he found a knack of presenting observational comedy in a slow , meandering but entertaining style .	He won the Perrier Award at the Edinburgh Festival in 1987 .
In statistics , canonical-correlation analysis ( CCA , also called 'Canonical Variates Analysis ' ) is a way of inferring information from cross-covariance matrices .	If we have two vectors `` X '' = ( `` X '' , ... , `` X '' ) and `` Y '' = ( `` Y '' , ... , `` Y '' ) of random variables , and there are correlations among the variables , then canonical-correlation analysis will find linear combinations of `` X '' and `` Y '' which have maximum correlation with each other .
Their original line-up consisted of Wayne Barrett ( vocals ) , Mick Rossi ( guitar ) , Brian `` Mad Muffet '' Grantham ( drums ) and Howard `` Zip '' Bates ( bass ) .	The name `` Slaughter & the Dogs '' was created by singer Barrett in 1975 by combining the names of `` Diamond Dogs '' and `` Slaughter on 10th Avenue '' , two of his favourite albums .
More precisely , a fluid is Newtonian only if the tensors that describe the viscous stress and the strain rate are related by a constant viscosity tensor that does not depend on the stress state and velocity of the flow .	If the fluid is also isotropic ( that is , its mechanical properties are the same along any direction ) , the viscosity tensor reduces to two real coefficients , describing the fluid 's resistance to continuous shear deformation and continuous compression or expansion , respectively .
Mayall starred in numerous cult classic sitcoms throughout his career , including `` The Young Ones '' , `` The Comic Strip Presents ... '' , `` Blackadder '' , `` Filthy Rich & Catflap '' , `` The New Statesman '' , and `` Bottom '' .	Mayall also starred in the comedy films `` Drop Dead Fred '' and `` Guest House Paradiso '' , and won a Primetime Emmy Award for his voice-over work in `` The Willows in Winter '' .
The taxonomy is far from resolved , with some authorities considering the southern taxa to represent three separate species : white-breasted hawk ( `` A. chionogaster '' ) , plain-breasted hawk ( `` A. ventralis '' ) , and rufous-thighed hawk ( `` A. erythronemius '' ) .	The American Ornithological Society keeps all four species conspecific .
Nakhon Nayok is known for its refreshing waterfalls and abundant varieties of fruits .	The word `` nakhon '' originates from the Sanskrit word `` nagara '' ( Devanagari : नगर ) meaning `` city '' , and the word `` nayok '' is thought to have been derived from the Sanskrit `` nāyaka '' ( Devanagari : नायक ) meaning `` leader '' or `` captain '' .
The show gave a stage to nightclub and working men 's club comedians of the era , including Russ Abbot , Lennie Bennett , Stan Boardman , Jim Bowen , Jimmy Bright , Duggie Brown , Mike Burton , Jimmy Jones , Dave Butler , Brian Carroll , Frank Carson , Mike Coyne , Jimmy Cricket , Colin Crompton , Pauline Daniels , Charlie Daze , Vince Earl , Steve Faye , Eddie Flanagan , Stu Francis , Ken Goodwin , Jackie Hamilton , Jerry Harris , George King , Bobby Knutt , Bernard Manning , Mike McCabe , Paul Melba , Mick Miller , Hal Nolan , Tom O'Connor , Tom Pepper , Bryn Phillips , Mike Reid , George Roper , Harry Scott , Sammy Thomas , Johnny Wager , Roy Walker , Charlie Williams , Lee Wilson and Lenny Windsor .	Also featured on the TV show , were Shep 's banjo boys , a 7-piece band comprising ( for the first 5 series ) Charlie Bentley ( tenor banjo ) , John Drury ( sousaphone ) , Andy Holdorf ( trombone ) , John Orchard ( piano ) , John Rollings ( drums ) , Graham Shepherd ( banjo ) and Howard Shepherd ( lead banjo ) .
Wilson is best known for leading Congress into supporting Operation Cyclone , the largest-ever Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) covert operation , which , under the Carter and Reagan administration , supplied military equipment including weapons such as obsolete FIM-43 Redeye MANPADS surface-to-air anti-aircraft missiles and paramilitary officers from their Special Activities Division to the Afghan Mujahideen during the Soviet–Afghan War .	His behind-the-scenes campaign was the subject of the non-fiction book `` '' by George Crile III and the subsequent film `` Charlie Wilson 's War '' , starring Tom Hanks as Wilson .
Rowlands was born as June Pendock in 1924 in Saint-Laurent , Quebec , and raised in Toronto .	She graduated from the University of Toronto .
The Cooperative Baptist Fellowship claims approximately 1,900 partner churches .	The CBF is involved with the Baptist Center for Ethics , Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty , the Baptist World Alliance and 15 Baptist seminaries and divinity school programs which have emerged in the wake of the conservative direction taken by the six SBC seminaries .
The New Statesman is a British sitcom made in the late 1980s and early 1990s satirising the United Kingdom 's Conservative Party Government of the period .	It was written by Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran at the request of , and as a starring vehicle for , its principal actor Rik Mayall .
Cooper 's hawk ( `` Accipiter cooperii '' ) is a medium-sized hawk native to the North American continent and found from Southern Canada to Northern Mexico .	As in many birds of prey , the male is smaller than the female .
The song is directed to the average , working-class Panamanian with such lyrics as `` Ahead the shovel and pick ; At work without any more dilation '' .	The usual length of singing the anthem is Chorus , Stanza I & II , then the Chorus again .
The film was directed by Bob Fosse , and stars Mariel Hemingway and Eric Roberts .	Hugh Hefner sued the producers of the picture , stemming from his disapproval of how he was depicted in the film .
Its circulation rose from 70,000 in the 1840s to 150,000 in 1860 .	In the 1860s `` Godey 's '' considered itself the `` queen of monthlies '' .
Eduard Buchner ( 20 May 1860 – 13 August 1917 ) was a German chemist and zymologist , awarded the 1907 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on fermentation .	Buchner was born in Munich to a physician and Doctor Extraordinary of Forensic Medicine .
Ingrams 's parents , who had three other sons including the banker and opera impresario Leonard Ingrams , were Leonard St Clair Ingrams ( 1900-1953 ) , O.B.E. , an investment banker from a clergy family , who worked as a government official in propaganda , economic warfare and the secret services during World War II , and Victoria , the daughter of Sir James Reid , private physician to Queen Victoria .	Through his maternal grandmother and her ties to the Baring family , Ingrams is a direct descendant of the 19th-century prime minister Earl Grey .
The Act is named for its original sponsors , Senator Jesse Helms , Republican of North Carolina , and Representative Dan Burton , Republican of Indiana .	The law was passed by the 104th United States Congress on March 6 , 1996 and enacted into law by the 42nd President of the United States Bill Clinton on March 12 , 1996 .
He was fatally injured in a violent crash on the tenth lap of the 1999 CART season finale , the Marlboro 500 , at the California Speedway in Fontana , California .	Moore was born in New Westminster , British Columbia .
Prime Minister Hendrik Verwoerd compared television with atomic bombs and poison gas , claiming that `` they are modern things , but that does not mean they are desirable .	The government has to watch for any dangers to the people , both spiritual and physical . ''
The magazine claimed a readership base of 16 000 , a sum that has been considered a success when analysing the country 's contemporary literacy levels and underdeveloped printing technologies .	`` The Lady 's Magazine '' dominated the market for most of its run , and led to imitations like the `` Lady 's Monthly Museum '' and the `` New Lady 's Magazine '' .
The goal was to bring Savoy more closely into French influence .	On 8 April 1350 , she married her cousin , the future Charles V of France , at Tain-l'Hermitage .
Robert Alan Krieger ( born January 8 , 1946 ) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter best known as the guitarist of the rock band The Doors ; as such he has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .	Krieger wrote or co-wrote many of the Doors ' songs , including the hits `` Light My Fire '' , `` Love Me Two Times '' , `` Touch Me '' , and `` Love Her Madly '' .
Established in 1966 , it is now owned by St. Joseph Media .	It has a circulation of 81,816 and readership of 856,000 .
Mycoprotein is a form of single-cell protein , also known as fungal protein , is defined in the `` Oxford English Dictionary '' as `` Protein derived from fungi , especially as produced for human consumption . ''	`` Myco '' is from the Greek word for `` fungus '' .
The company began with developing games for Apple II , and later expanded to the Commodore 64 , Atari 8-bit family , and MS-DOS .	They are best known for creating the `` Wolfenstein '' series , having developed the first two installments : 1981 's `` Castle Wolfenstein '' and its 1984 sequel , `` Beyond Castle Wolfenstein '' .
The Obelisk of Axum ( ) is a 4th-century AD , 24-metre-tall ( 79-feet ) granite stele/obelisk , weighing 160 tonnes , in the city of Axum in Ethiopia .	It is ornamented with two false doors at the base and features decorations resembling windows on all sides .
The metacentric height ( GM ) is a measurement of the initial static stability of a floating body .	It is calculated as the distance between the centre of gravity of a ship and its metacentre .
They used more techniques in presenting their films through widescreen and big-approach methods , such as Cinemascope , VistaVision , and Cinerama , as well as gimmicks like 3-D film .	Big production and spectacle films perfect for this gained popularity , with the many historic and fantasy epics like `` The Robe '' ( 1953 ) , '' The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men '' ( 1952 ) , `` The Ten Commandments '' ( 1956 ) , `` The Seventh Voyage of Sinbad '' ( 1958 ) , and `` Ben-Hur '' ( 1959 ) .
The seat of the municipality is the town Ballsh .	The total population is 27,062 ( 2011 census ) , in a total area of 329.19 km .
According to the 1930 statistics of the Central Press Bureau of the Ministerial Council out of the 9 Yugoslav banovinas , the `` Vardarska '' banovina was the largest at ; while its population , was the fourth at 1,386,370 inhabitants .	It also suffered the worst health problems , especially typhus and smallpox , and required one Institute of Hygiene , 3 health stations and 6 dispensaries and convalescent homes .
The force occupied an odd place within the naval chain of command .	Normal British practice was to have naval stations and fleets around the world , whose commanders reported to the First Sea Lord via a flag officer .
In psychology , attitude is a psychological construct , a mental and emotional entity that inheres in , or characterizes a person .	They are complex and an acquired state through experiences .
`` In the old days , evil things spread rapidly , but now good things spread rapidly .	If you understand ... everything begins to appear wonderful and beautiful , and it naturally makes people stop wasting or stop desiring unnecessary things .
The great actor Humphrey Bogart made his most memorable films in this decade .	Frank Capra 's masterpiece `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' and Orson Welles 's masterpiece `` Citizen Kane '' were released .
He lent his voice to the fourth and fifth installments of the `` Transformers '' franchise respectively , `` '' and `` '' , as Decepticon turned Autobot Drift .	He made his Broadway debut in April 2015 in Lincoln Center Theater 's revival production of `` The King and I '' in the title role .
For example , hill climbing can be applied to the travelling salesman problem .	It is easy to find an initial solution that visits all the cities but will likely be very poor compared to the optimal solution .
Route 181 serves as the local route through Woodport , serving the eastern shores of Lake Hopatcong as well as the main road through the center of Sparta .	The route terminates at a jughandle with Route 15 in Sparta .
The southern end of Route 182 is at a three-way intersection , where Route 57 heads westbound towards Phillipsburg .	Also present at this intersection is Warren County Route 517 , which is signed as New Jersey Route 24 , but not maintained by the state .
The 1930s was a decade of political turmoil and economic problems ; the Great Depression had affected the entire world , and Europe was dealing with both the fallout of World War I and the economic hardships of the time , both of which resulted in the rise of fascist political movements .	The uncertainty of the era resulted in widespread popularity of fantastical , escapist fare .
The college is part of the Atlanta University Center academic consortium in Atlanta .	Founded in 1881 as the Atlanta Baptist Female Seminary , Spelman was the fourth historically black female institution of higher education to receive its collegiate charter in 1924 .
Current views of the self in psychology position the self as playing an integral part in human motivation , cognition , affect , and social identity .	It may be the case that we can now usefully attempt to ground experience of self in a neural process with cognitive consequences , which will give us insight into the elements of which the complex multiply situated selves of modern identity are composed .
The 1920s saw a vast expansion of Hollywood film making and worldwide film attendance .	Throughout the decade , film production increasingly focused on the feature film rather than the `` short '' or `` two-reeler . ''
This game , along with the companion program RobotWrite , was originally developed in the TUTOR programming language on the PLATO system in the 1970s .	Later the game was commercialized and adapted for the Apple II family of computers and published by Muse Software in 1981 .
The incumbent is the current holder of an office .	This term is usually used in reference to elections , in which races can often be defined as being between an incumbent and non-incumbent ( s ) .
The Master of Public Administration ( M.P.Adm. , M.P.A. , or MPA ) is a professional graduate degree in public administration , similar to the Master of Business Administration but with an emphasis on the issues of governance .	The MPA program is a professional degree and a graduate degree for the public sector and it prepares individuals to serve as managers , executives and policy analysts in the executive arm of local , state/provincial , and federal/national government , and increasingly in non-governmental organization ( NGO ) and nonprofit sectors ; it places a focus on the systematic investigation of executive organization and management .
This includes training in the role of economic and political factors in public decision-making and policy formulation ; microeconomic analysis of policy options and issues ; resource allocation and decision modeling ; cost/benefit analysis ; statistical methods ; and various applications to specific public policy topics .	MPP recipients serve or have served in the public sector , at the international , national , subnational , and local levels .
Furthermore , the theory suggests that people induce attitudes without accessing internal cognition and mood states .	The person interprets their own overt behaviors rationally in the same way they attempt to explain others ' behaviors .
There are currently three forms of broadcast television : a terrestrial ( DVB-T ) service provided by Freeview ; satellite services provided nationwide by both Freeview and Sky ; and an internet television service delivered over cable and fibre broadband .	The first nationwide digital television service was launched in December 1998 by Sky , who had a monopoly on digital satellite television until the launch of Freeview 's nationwide digital satellite service in May 2007 .
The city of Moscow gradually grew around the Moscow Kremlin , beginning in the 14th century .	It was the capital of the Grand Duchy of Moscow ( or Muscovy ) , from 1340 to 1547 and in 1713 renamed as the Tsardom of Russia by Peter I `` the Great '' ( when the capital was moved to Saint Petersburg ) .
Mendeleev Gold Medal for this work ( 1971 ) .	Sabir Yunusov founded the Institute of the Chemistry of Plant Substances under the Academy of Sciences of the Uzbek SSR ( of Uzbekistan since 1991 ) in 1956 .
During the 20th century , it was also known in Afrikaans as Suid-Afrikaanse Uitsaaikorporasie ( SAUK ) , but this has since been depreciated and is used only when referring to the corporation in the spoken word on SABC2 's Afrikaans TV news and on the Afrikaans radio station Radio Sonder Grense .	However , the Afrikaans newscasts on SABC2 use `` SABC Nuus '' instead of `` SAUK Nuus '' .
The Sandbaggers is a British television drama series about men and women on the front lines of the Cold War .	Set contemporaneously with its original broadcast on ITV in 1978 and 1980 , `` The Sandbaggers '' examines the effect of the espionage game on the personal and professional lives of British and American intelligence specialists .
Cotopaxi is an active stratovolcano in the Andes Mountains , located in the Latacunga canton of Cotopaxi Province , about south of Quito , and northeast of the city of Latacunga , Ecuador , in South America .	It is the second highest summit in Ecuador , reaching a height of .
Telefilm Canada is a Crown corporation reporting to Canada 's federal government through the Minister of Canadian Heritage .	Headquartered in Montreal , Telefilm provides services to the Canadian audiovisual industry with four regional offices in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Toronto , Ontario ; Montreal , Quebec ; and Halifax , Nova Scotia .
John Franklin Broxholme ( born 11 June 1930 Bradford , died 24 June 2000 Bury St Edmunds ) was an English thriller writer who published fifteen novels in a little over twenty years ( 1971–1993 ) using the pen name of Duncan Kyle .	Reminiscent of the work of Desmond Bagley , Kyle 's books typically involve a tough , resourceful individual who unexpectedly becomes involved in danger and intrigue in an exotic setting .
`` Denomination '' still applies in the literal sense , however as a classifying nomenclature .	The relationship within groups can be compared to a confederate form of government in that the central unifying organs maintain their authority based only on the consent of the constituent congregations .
She won the 1983 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role as Grizabella in the original Broadway production of `` Cats '' .	She went on to play Norma Desmond in `` Sunset Boulevard '' ( 1994–96 ) in both London and New York , receiving a 1995 Olivier Award nomination for Best Actress in a Musical , and was nominated for the 1997 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for `` Triumph of Love '' .
Sovereign Grace Fellowship of Canada ( SGF ) is a fellowship for Reformed Baptist churches in Canada holding to either the Baptist Confession of 1644 or 1689 .	SGF claims to be baptistic , evangelistic , and holding to the doctrine of sovereign grace .
Substance P ( SP ) is an undecapeptide ( a peptide composed of a chain of 11 amino acid residues ) member of the tachykinin neuropeptide family .	It is a neuropeptide , acting as a neurotransmitter and as a neuromodulator .
He was a member of the Göttingen School of History .	Blumenbach 's peers considered him one of the great theorists of his day , and he was a mentor or influence on many of the next generation of German biologists , including Alexander von Humboldt .
Aerides , known commonly as cat's-tail orchids and fox brush orchids , is a genus belonging to the orchid family ( Orchidaceae , subfamily Epidendroideae , tribe Vandeae , subtribe Aeridinae ) .	It is a group of tropical epiphyte orchids that grow mainly in the warm lowlands of tropical Asia from India to southern China to New Guinea .
The series , centred on the sport of robot combat , involves teams of amateur and professional roboteers operating their own constructed remote controlled robots to fight against each other , whilst also avoiding arena hazards and more powerful `` House Robots '' , which were not bound by the same weight or weapon limits as the contestants .	Earlier series included assault and trial courses for competing robots before they were ceased from the first `` Extreme '' series onwards .
He is also frequently referred to by the nickname `` J2M '' and `` J6M '' , based on his initials .	After studying at the École Polytechnique from 1976 to 1980 , and then at the École nationale d'administration between 1980 and 1982 , Messier held several posts at the French Economy Ministry , including a post as technical counseler for privatization under Édouard Balladur , during the 1980s , before moving to investment bank Lazard Frères in 1989 .
Gemini 6A was the fifth manned Gemini flight , the 13th manned American flight , and the 21st manned spaceflight of all time ( including two X-15 flights over ) .	This was the prime crew of Gemini 3
Eventually Saba'a was incorporated into Himyar and resistance was reduced to the Kahlan tribes who were overpowered by Himyar and forced out of Highlands in Yemen .	Most Of Kahlan remained in the Yemeni desert region around Marib until the destruction of the Dam in the 3rd century AD .
Programs are offered at the undergraduate and graduate levels , both on campus as well as through the college 's distance learning programme via the Division of Continuing Studies .	Located on Point Frederick , a peninsula in Kingston , Ontario , the college is a mix of historic buildings and more modern academic , athletic , and dormitory facilities .
Because speculative genres explore variants of reproduction , as well as possible futures , SF writers have often explored the social , political , technological , and biological consequences of pregnancy and reproduction .	As real-world reproductive technology has advanced , SF works have become increasingly interested in representing alternative modes of reproduction .
Bem received a BA in physics from Reed College in Portland , Oregon , in 1960 and began graduate work in physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .	The civil rights movement had just begun , and he became so intrigued with the changing attitudes toward desegregation in the American South that he decided to switch fields and pursue a career as a social psychologist specializing in attitudes and public opinion .
Whereas single-sex education was more common up to the 19th century , mixed-sex education has since become standard in many cultures , particularly in Western countries .	Single-sex education , however , remains prevalent in many Muslim countries .
Streaking is the act of running naked through a public place as a prank , a dare , for publicity or an act of protest .	It is often associated with sporting events but can occur in more secluded areas .
The C-47 differed from the civilian DC-3 in numerous modifications , including being fitted with a cargo door , hoist attachment , and strengthened floor , along with a shortened tail cone for glider-towing shackles , and an astrodome in the cabin roof .	The specialized C-53 `` Skytrooper '' troop transport started production in October 1941 at Douglas Aircraft 's Santa Monica , California plant .
In economics , a time-based currency is an alternative currency or exchange system where the unit of account/value is the person-hour or some other time unit .	Some time-based currencies value everyone 's contributions equally : one hour equals one service credit .
In 1818 Dugald Campbell , of North Knapdale , Scotland emigrated to Canada and settled in Aldborough , Elgin County , Ontario .	Campbell was a deacon in Scotland , but upon his arrival soon began preaching .
Nervous Gender is an American punk rock band founded in Los Angeles , California in 1978 by Gerardo Velazquez , Edward Stapleton , Phranc and Michael Ochoa .	Their use of heavily distorted keyboards and synthesizers made them , along with The Screamers , one of the original innovators of what is today called `` electropunk '' , although they could equally be considered an early industrial group .
The Gloster E.28/39 , ( also referred to as the Gloster Whittle , Gloster Pioneer , or Gloster G.40 ) was the first British jet-engined aircraft and first flew in 1941 .	It was the third jet to fly after the German Heinkel He 178 ( 1939 ) and the Italian Caproni Campini N.1 motorjet ( 1940 ) .
Filipino identity was created primarily as a result of pre-colonial cultures , colonial influences and Chinese traders intermixing together ; gradually evolving into a uniquely Filipino identity .	In pre-colonial times , the Philippines was a divided set of nations , islands and tribes being ruled by their own kings , chieftains , lakans , rajahs , datus and sultans .
The Heinkel He 178 was the world 's first aircraft to fly under turbojet power , and the first practical jet aircraft .	It was a private venture by the German Heinkel company in accordance with director Ernst Heinkel 's emphasis on developing technology for high-speed flight .
It ranks as the 5th most common surname in China as of 2007 and the most common surname in Singapore ( 2000 ) and Taiwan ( 2010 ) .	Chen is also the most common family name in Guangdong , Zhejiang , Fujian , Hong Kong ( spelled Chan in Hong Kong and Macau ) .
The Reichenbach Falls ( ) are a waterfall cascade of seven steps on the stream called Rychenbach in the Bernese Oberland region of Switzerland .	They drop over a total change of altitude of about .
The Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) is a men 's professional basketball league in the Philippines composed of twelve company-branded franchised teams .	It is the first professional basketball league in Asia and is the second oldest continuously existing in the world after the NBA .
They were one of America 's earliest electronic new wave bands , and have been cited ( along with The Screamers and Suicide ) as pioneers of synthpunk , also retrospectively known as `` electropunk '' .	The Units was notable for the use of synthesizers in place of guitars , and multimedia performances featuring multiple projections of satirical , instructional films critical of conformity and consumerism .
It advocates the operation of spiritual gifts in church , in reaction to the teachings of many Baptist bodies .	The FGBCFI was founded by Bishop Paul S. Morton , Sr. , separating himself from the National Baptist Convention , USA , Inc. with others following the charismatic movement in 1992 .
1538-43 ) that the name Alcester was derived from that of the River Alne .	The suffix 'cester ' is derived from the Saxon word 'ceaster ' , which meant a Roman fort or town , and derived from the Latin 'castrum ' , from which the modern word 'castle ' also derives .
According to the 2011 Census it had a population of 1,893 .	Bishop 's Castle is east of the Wales-England border , about north-west of Ludlow and about south-west of Shrewsbury .
Pauline Mills studied at Victoria College , University of Toronto and later worked with community and national organizations such as the Imperial Order of the Daughters of the Empire , for which she served as National President .	A lifelong volunteer and supporter of the arts , Mrs. McGibbon also became president of the Dominion Drama Festival in 1948 .
Blandford is notable for its Georgian architecture , the result of rebuilding after the majority of the town was destroyed by a fire in 1731 .	The rebuilding work was assisted by an Act of Parliament and a donation by George II , and the rebuilt town centre—to designs by local architects John and William Bastard—has survived to the present day largely intact .
His family was Jewish , and his father was an immigrant from Ukraine who ran a cigar company .	As the company became increasingly successful , Paley became a millionaire , and moved his family to Philadelphia in the early 1920s .
Bexhill ( ) is a small village in New South Wales , Australia .	As of 2006 , the town had a population of 472 people .
Upon completion , he practised law in Brantford , Ontario , and served with the 2nd Cycle Corps and 4th Battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force in the First World War .	In 1921 , Macdonald married Muriel Whittaker .
It is situated north-west from the city and county town of Lincoln , and on the River Trent .	At one time it served as an important port with trade downstream to Hull , and was the most inland port in England , being more than 55 miles ( 90 km ) from the North Sea .
In June 2010 , Kahr Arms , an American-based producer of compact pistols , announced its purchase of the Minnesota-based firearms manufacturer .	MRI was responsible for the design and development of the Desert Eagle pistol .
He moved to Ontario with his family at the age of two and grew up to become a farmer and cattle breeder .	In 1917 , he married Treva Alda Lillian Lennox .
The group covered Louis Prima 's `` Jump Jive an ' Wail '' , which appeared on Prima 's 1957 album `` The Wildest ! `` .	The BSO 's follow up single was `` Gettin ' in the Mood . ''
Sheffield City Hall is a Grade II* listed building in Sheffield , England which dominates Barker 's Pool , one of Sheffield 's central squares .	It was built and is owned by Sheffield City Council but is now managed by the Sheffield City Trust , under a 99-year lease and is operated by Sheffield International Venues as a venue for concerts and other events in its various rooms .
By the 1840s , the chapel was used only for funeral services .	The chapel , surrounded by its cemetery , and lying on the south bank of the River Don , was largely rebuilt in 1909 , but retains its period atmosphere .
It lies in a slightly hidden location , just off Fargate shopping street , but signals its presence with a tall spire .	It is an especially fine example of an English Roman Catholic Cathedral , with much fine interior decoration .
The Joluo and their language Dholuo are also known as the `` Luo proper '' , being eponymous of the larger group .	The level of historical separation between these groups is estimated at about eight centuries .
Bresci was the first European regicide offender not to be executed , as capital punishment in Italy had been abolished since 1889 .	Bresci was born at Coiano , in Prato , Tuscany , and emigrated from Italy to the United States in his late twenties , making his living as a weaver in Paterson , New Jersey , which had a large Italian-American community .
The power of the Labor Right varies from state to state , but it usually relies on certain trade unions , such as the Australian Workers ' Union ( AWU ) , Transport Workers Union ( TWU ) , the Shop , Distributive and Allied Employees Association ( SDA ) , the National Union of Workers ( NUW ) and the Health Services Union ( HSU ) .	These unions send delegates to conference , with delegates usually coming from the membership , the administration of the union or local branches covered by their activists .
The Labor Left operates autonomously in each State and Territory , and organises as a broad alliance at the national level .	Its policy positions include party democratisation , economic interventionism , progressive tax reform , and refugee rights .
It is the first Oz book where the majority of the action takes place outside of the Land of Oz .	Only the final two chapters take place in Oz itself .
Currently , the university has seven faculties and eight graduate schools with a total of around 10,000 Japanese students and 400 international students from Asia , North America , South America , Europe , Africa , and Oceania .	It 's one of the Top Global Universities selected by the Japanese Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology ( MEXT ) .
Nick Verboon of `` Unreality Mag '' states `` poster boy/protagonist Shinji is one of the most nuanced , popular , and relatable characters in anime history .	Director Hideaki Anno described the hero , Shinji Ikari , as a boy who `` shrinks from human contact '' , and has `` convinced himself that he is a completely unnecessary person , so much so that he can not even commit suicide . ''
James Tallmadge Jr. was born on January 28 , 1778 in Stanford , Dutchess County , New York .	His father , Colonel James Tallmadge ( 1744-1821 ) , led a company of volunteers at the capture of General John Burgoyne .
The fiber of F ( `` E '' ) over a point `` x '' is the set of all ordered bases , or `` frames '' , for `` E '' .	The general linear group acts naturally on F ( `` E '' ) via a change of basis , giving the frame bundle the structure of a principal GL ( `` k '' , R ) -bundle ( where `` k '' is the rank of `` E '' ) .
He played on six Stanley Cup-winning teams and is an inductee of the Hockey Hall of Fame .	In 2017 Mahovlich was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players ' in history .
A more general name for this class of material is biological materials .	Biomolecules are usually endogenous but may also be exogenous .
Most of the species grow in damp ground , in marshes or in water .	Several of the species are extremely poisonous , the active poison being oenanthotoxin .
Designed by architect Julia Morgan , it was a residence for newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst between 1919 and 1947 .	Hearst died in 1951 , and it became a California State Park in 1958 .
The leaves are tripinnate or even more finely divided , with a stout basal sheath clasping the stem .	The flowers are usually yellow , rarely white , produced in large umbels .
The Arnulfing mayor of the Austrasian palace , Grimoald the Elder , the son of Pippin of Landen , and Dagobert 's guardian , had had his own son Childebert adopted by Sigebert III , when Sigebert was still childless .	Then when Sigebert died in 656 , Grimoald seized the throne for his own son and had Dagobert tonsured , thus marking him unfit for kingship , and exiled .
The name of the genus comes from the Ancient Greek word for a North African plant whose identity has been lost , though it is known its gum or juice was prized by the ancients as a medicine and a condiment .	Species in the genus include :
The numerous concentric rings that circle the lake are fossil shorelines , and attest to the historical presence of a larger , deeper lake .	`` Original entry was from the NASA Earth Observatory ; ``
At the time of its completion , the Columbia Center was the tallest structure on the West Coast ; , it is the fourth-tallest , behind buildings in Los Angeles and San Francisco .	The Columbia Center , developed by Martin Selig and designed by Chester L. Lindsey Architects , began construction in 1982 and was completed in 1985 .
Gaylord , was the owner and publisher of the `` Daily Oklahoman '' newspaper ( now `` The Oklahoman '' ) , as well as a radio and television entrepreneur .	Born in Kansas and educated in Colorado , he worked on several publications before moving to Oklahoma and buying an interest in the `` Daily Oklahoman '' .
Æthelthryth was probably born in Exning , near Newmarket in Suffolk .	She was one of the four saintly daughters of Anna of East Anglia , including Wendreda and Seaxburh of Ely , all of whom eventually retired from secular life and founded abbeys .
The position is perhaps most recognizable as the 'often used ' position for childbirth : the patient is laid on the back with knees bent , positioned above the hips , and spread apart through the use of stirrups .	The position is frequently used and has many obvious benefits from the doctor 's perspective .
Lieutenant-Colonel John Keiller MacKay , OC , DSO , KStJ , VD , QC ( July 11 , 1888 – June 12 , 1970 ) was a Canadian soldier , lawyer and jurist .	MacKay served as the 19th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 1957 to 1963 .
The lake is fed principally by the Southern Ewaso Ng'iro River , which rises in central Kenya , and by mineral-rich hot springs .	It is quite shallow , less than deep , and varies in width depending on its water level .
He became head of his family 's leather business , Breithaupt Leather Company , in Kitchener .	He was a Kitchener alderman for four years , and in 1923 became the youngest mayor in the city 's history .
Born in London , Ontario , he was the son of Francis Edgar ( `` Frank '' ) Lawson , a former newspaper reporter , and Lorena Hodgins , a former teacher .	He studied at London Collegiate and attended Woodstock College in 1902 , but left after less than a year , eager to begin a business career .
VML was specified in Part 4 of the Office Open XML standards ISO/IEC 29500 and ECMA-376 .	According to the specification , VML is a deprecated format included in Office Open XML for legacy reasons only .
Its contents include news and media industry trends , analysis , professional ethics , and stories behind news .	In October 2015 , it was announced that the publishing frequency of the print magazine was being reduced from six to two issues per year in order to focus on digital operations .
He became a railway contractor and promoted the Hamilton Bridge Works .	In 1885 he married Lena Henderson .
John Morison Gibson , the son of Scottish immigrants , was born in 1842 , in Toronto .	He grew up on a farm in Caledonia , Ontario , went to Hamilton Central School , in Hamilton , and went on to be educated at the University of Toronto , as a lawyer .
The Jaú National Park ( ) is a national park located in the state of Amazonas , Brazil .	It is one of the largest forest reserve in South America , and part of a World Heritage Site .
Born in 1836 in Aberdeen , Scotland , Clark was educated at Marischal College and the University of Edinburgh .	He came to Canada in 1859 and was called to the bar of Upper Canada in 1861 .
Gzowski was born in Saint Petersburg to a noble Polish father , Count Stanislaw Gzowski , who was then serving as a Captain in the Russian Imperial Guard .	During the Polish November Uprising he served as combat engineer with the rank of podporuchik in the Polish army under command of Józef Dwernicki against the Russians .
Born in 1841 in Kingston , Ontario , the son of Thomas Kirkpatrick , George Kirkpatrick was educated at Trinity College , Dublin .	He was called to the bar in 1865 and served as a Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1870 to 1892 taking over the Frontenac seat held by his late father .
The highest mountain of the Sahara , the volcano is one of several in the Tibesti range , and reaches an elevation of , rising above the surrounding sandstone plains .	The volcano is wide and has a volume of .
The format was open and developers could export from their products to this format , royalty free and without the need of any permission .	The key characteristic and design goal was for a file format that was very compact for fast download over the internet .
Samut Songkhram ( , ) is one of the central provinces ( `` changwat '' ) of Thailand .	Neighbouring provinces are ( from the south clockwise ) Phetchaburi , Ratchaburi and Samut Sakhon .
The Schwarzenau Brethren , the German Baptist Brethren , Dunkers , Dunkards , Tunkers , or simply the German Baptists , are an Anabaptist group that originally dissented from several Lutheran and Reformed churches that were officially established in some German-speaking states in western and southwestern parts of the Holy Roman Empire as a result of the Radical Pietist ferment of the late 17th and early 18th centuries .	Hopeful of the imminent return of Christ , the founding Brethren abandoned Reformed and Lutheran churches that were established in some German states and formed a new church in 1708 when their apocalyptic hopes were still unfulfilled .
When named to the post in Chicago , she became the first woman in the United States to hold the full presidency of a major university .	Hanna Holborn was born in Heidelberg , Germany , the daughter of Hajo Holborn , a professor of European history at Yale who fled to America from Nazi Germany , and Annemarie Bettmann , a philologist .
She was launched on 14 February 1942 ( sponsored by Mrs. William C. Barker , Jr. ) , and commissioned on 15 May 1942 with Lieutenant Commander ( LCDR ) Marvin G. `` Pinky '' Kennedy ( Class of 1929 ) in command .	Lieutenant Richard O'Kane joined the precommissioning crew and served as her Executive Officer ( XO ) on five war patrols under Kennedy and Morton ( O'Kane later received a Medal of Honor for his service in ) .
The term is usually used today to describe a form of crewel embroidery used for furnishing characterized by fanciful plant and animal shapes worked in a variety of stitches with two-ply wool yarn on linen .	Popular motifs in Jacobean embroidery , especially curtains for bed hangings , are the Tree of Life and stylized forests , usually rendered as exotic plants arising from a landscape or `` terra firma '' with birds , stags , squirrels , and other familiar animals .
It is taken by mouth or injection into a vein .	Common side effects include numbness , ringing in the ears , loss of appetite , vomiting , and sleepiness .
It is also known as kinesics .	Body language must not be confused with sign language , as sign languages are full languages like spoken languages and have their own complex grammar systems , as well as being able to exhibit the fundamental properties that exist in all languages .
Marie Kachel Bucher , the last surviving resident of the Ephrata Cloister , died on July 27 , 2008 , at the age of 98 .	The community was descended from the pietistic Schwarzenau Brethren movement of Alexander Mack of Schwarzenau in Germany .
The list of architects employed by the Vanderbilts is a `` who 's who '' of the New York-based firms that embodied the syncretic ( often dismissed as `` eclectic '' ) styles of the American Renaissance : Richard Morris Hunt ; George B .	Post ; McKim , Mead , and White ; Charles B. Atwood ; Carrère and Hastings ; Warren and Wetmore ; Horace Trumbauer ; John Russell Pope and Addison Mizner were all employed by the descendants of Cornelius Vanderbilt , who built only very modestly himself .
The awards , established in 1942 and administered since 1968 by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in New York City , are considered by some to be the broadcast equivalent of the Pulitzer Prize , another program administered by Columbia University .	Dedicated to upholding the highest journalism standards , the duPont awards inform the public about the contributions news organizations and journalists make to their communities , support journalism education and innovation , and cultivate a collective spirit for the profession .
The current president is Andrey Filatov , who was elected in 2014 .	The structure of the Russian Chess Federation consists of three governing bodies : the Congress , the supervisory board and the board of management .
The treaty was the result of a UN backed peace process that had begun in 1990 .	On December 31 , 1991 , the government and the FMLN initialed a preliminary peace agreement under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar .
It was designed to provide close air support for the Soviet Ground Forces .	The first prototype made its maiden flight on 22 February 1975 .
He was Secretary of State for War between 1905 and 1912 during which time the `` Haldane Reforms '' of the British Army were implemented .	Raised to the peerage as Viscount Haldane in 1911 , he was Lord Chancellor between 1912 and 1915 , when he was forced to resign because of false allegations of German sympathies .
The format is popular in Japan and several versions of EVA Animator software have been sold and included as standard software in Japanese Sharp notebook computers such as the Mebuis .	The EVA format is comparable with the Macromedia Flash format except that the files are 13 times smaller than Flash counterparts .
He was educated at Manchester Grammar School and Owens College of Manchester .	In 1858 he graduated B.A .
The music of Cyprus includes a variety of traditional , Western classical and Western popular genres .	Cypriot traditional music is similar to the traditional music of Greece and includes dances like sousta , syrtos , ballos , tatsia , antikristos , Karotseris and zeimbekiko .
After being educated at Sandhurst , he entered the army as an ensign in the 2nd foot on 4 December 1835 , and served with his regiment in Afghanistan and Beloochistan , taking part in the storming of Ghuznee , where he was wounded at the gateway , the capture of Khelat , and the occupation of Kabul , for which he received a medal .	On 19 April 1850 he was gazetted lieutenant-colonel of the 78th foot , and in the Persian war of 1856 and 1857 commanded a brigade in the night attack and battle of Kooshat , and took charge of his own regiment at the bombardment of Mohamrah , after which he received the thanks of the governor-general as well as a medal and clasps .
Born in 1811 in Pawling , New York , William Howland was educated at Kinderhook Academy .	In 1830 he settled in Cooksville , Upper Canada , and became a naturalised British subject in 1841 .
Applied probabilists are particularly concerned with the application of stochastic processes , and probability more generally , to the natural , applied and social sciences , including biology , physics ( including astronomy ) , chemistry , medicine , computer science and information technology , and economics .	Another area of interest is in engineering : particularly in areas of uncertainty , risk management , probabilistic design , and Quality assurance .
Born in 1817 in Manorhamilton , County Leitrim , Ireland , the son of George Crawford , John Crawford came to Upper Canada as a child when his family settled in Brockville .	He married Helen Sherwood of York , Upper Canada ( Toronto ) .
He was the Liberal Member of Parliament for Glengarry in the House of Commons of Canada from 1867 to 1875 , and served as Postmaster General of Canada .	In 1875 Macdonald was appointed the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Ontario and held that post until 1880 .
The most common example of an indeterminate form occurs as the ratio of two functions , in which both of these functions tend to zero in the limit , and is referred to as `` the indeterminate form 0/0 '' .	As `` x '' approaches 0 , the ratios `` x '' / '' x '' , `` x '' / '' x '' , and `` x '' / '' x '' go to ∞ , 1 , and 0 respectively .
In the first few years after it started in 2002 the conference was held every year , but later it became biannual due to difficulties with finding host countries .	The conference was last held in 2010 .
The serial opened the tenth anniversary year of the series , and features the first three Doctors all appearing in the same serial .	This makes it the first `` Doctor Who '' story in which an earlier incarnation of the Doctor returns to the show .
OpenGL++ was a graphics library written in C++ that supported object-oriented data structures on top of the OpenGL 3D graphics system .	The project started as the result of a partnership between SGI , IBM and Intel , and later , Digital Equipment Corporation .
HMS `` Nottingham '' was a batch two Type 42 destroyer of the Royal Navy , named after the city of Nottingham , England .	She was launched on 18 February 1980 , and commissioned on 8 April 1983 as the sixth ship to bear the name .
Kunjudh Sar in wakhi language mean that which overlooks Kunjudh , or above Kunjudh , while Khujudh is the wakhi name for Lower Hunza .	It is the 26th highest mountain on Earth and the 11th highest in Pakistan .
It was filmed on location at Greenwich and the `` EastEnders '' Albert Square set , situated at Elstree Studios in Borehamwood , Hertfordshire .	It features several of the `` EastEnders '' stars of the time .
Haramosh lies about east of Gilgit , in the south-central region of the Rakaposhi-Haramosh Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram range .	It rises steeply above the north bank of the Indus River , a little ways upstream of its confluence with the Gilgit River .
He was born in 1944 in Damascus , Syria to an aristocratic family , and moved to Germany in 1962 where he later became a citizen in 1976 .	He is known for his analysis of international relations and the introduction of Islam to the study of international conflict and of civilization .
Joseph Buford Cox ( 1905 – August 10 , 2002 ) , was an American inventor and businessman .	He invented what is now known as the chipper type chain for chain saws .
Disteghil Sar or Distaghil Sar ( ) is the highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range , in Gilgit-Baltistan , which is part of the Kashmir region that is disputed by India and Pakistan .	It is the 19th highest mountain on earth and the 7th highest peak in Pakistan .
The was located in the northwestern part of Honshu , the main island of Japan .	It lay along the Sea of Japan within the Chūbu region , which it is currently a part of .
In 2011 , the Bali Cultural Agency estimated that the number of people still using the Balinese language in their daily lives on the Bali Island does not exceed 1 million , as in urban areas their parents only introduce the Indonesian language or even English , while daily conversations in the institutions and the mass media have disappeared .	The written form of the Balinese language is increasingly unfamiliar , and most Balinese people use the Balinese language only as a means of oral communication , often mixing it with Indonesian in their daily speech .
Formed in 1926 by Sir Patrick Abercrombie to limit urban sprawl and ribbon development , the CPRE ( until the 1960s the `` Council for the Preservation of Rural England '' and from then until 2003 the `` Council for the Protection of Rural England '' ) claims to be one of the longest running environmental groups .	CPRE campaigns for a `` sustainable future '' for the English countryside .
Hisamasa 's retainers had enough and after his son Azai Nagamasa won the Battle of Norada against a force at least twice the size of his led by Rokkaku Yoshikata to win back independence , they forced Hisamasa into retirement .	Yet , this retirement was not complete and Hisamasa managed to hold some sway of the clan .
A crucial difference between the standard mathematical and conventional notions of a knot is that mathematical knots are closed—there are no ends to tie or untie on a mathematical knot .	Physical properties such as friction and thickness also do not apply , although there are mathematical definitions of a knot that take such properties into account .
The ISO standard symbol for the knot is .	The same symbol is preferred by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) ; is also common , especially in aviation where it is the form recommended by the International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ) .
It was separated from Ise Province during the late 7th or early 8th centuries .	During the Asuka period and Nara period it was dominated by the Takahashi clan .
The refers to a series of military engagements in 1863 and 1864 , fought to control Shimonoseki Straits of Japan by joint naval forces from Great Britain , France , the Netherlands and the United States , against the Japanese feudal domain of Chōshū , which took place off and on the coast of Shimonoseki , Japan .	Despite efforts of appeasement by the Tokugawa shogunate to establish an atmosphere of peaceful solidarity , many feudal `` daimyōs '' remained bitterly resentful of the shogunate 's open-door policy to foreign trade .
Hisamasa had been compelled to step down by many of his retainers in favor of his son , Nagamasa .	Hisamasa retired , and would later commit suicide along with his son in August 1573 .
In Buginese , it is called while the Bugis people are called .	is taken from the name to the first king of Cina , an ancient Bugis kingdom , `` La Sattumpugi . ''
George Sansom states it `` must be regarded as one of the decisive battles in Japanese history . ''	In May 1583 , a former general of Nobunaga 's named Shibata Katsuie coordinated a number of simultaneous attacks on Shizugatake , a series of forts held by Hideyoshi 's generals , Iwasaki-yama , Tagami , and Shizugatake , the latter held by Nakagawa Kiyohide .
Maureen Anne McTeer ( born February 27 , 1952 ) is a Canadian author and lawyer , married to Joe Clark , the 16th Prime Minister of Canada .	McTeer was born in Cumberland , Ontario , to John and Bea McTeer .
She spent two years of her childhood in Sapporo .	After graduating from Ochanomizu University Senior High School in 1989 , Yamazaki earned a Bachelor of Science degree with a major in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Tokyo in 1993 , and earned a Master of Science degree with a major in Aerospace Engineering in 1996 .
In the field of bioinformatics , a sequence database is a type of biological database that is composed of a large collection of computerized ( `` digital '' ) nucleic acid sequences , protein sequences , or other polymer sequences stored on a computer .	The UniProt database is an example of a protein sequence database .
After his enlistment , he attended Los Angeles City College for a year .	In the early 1960s , he began busking on Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley , California .
Popular in the first quarter of the 20th century and billed `` the Game of the Century '' by its enthusiasts , it was an Olympic sport in the 1904 Summer Games , replacing croquet from the previous games .	Roque is played on a hard sand or clay 30 by 60 foot ( approximately 9 by 19 m ) court bordered by a boundary wall , a curb bevelled at the ends to form an octagon .
Also well known are its many `` onsen '' s , beaches , and small ski resorts .	Its main industries are forestry , fishing , farming , and tourism .
As the battle grew more intense , the garrison received reinforcements from Mōri Terumoto , who brought an army six times larger than Hideyoshi 's .	Hideyoshi then requested aid from Oda Nobunaga .
After his elder brother Takeda Yoshinobu died , Katsuyori 's son Nobukatsu became heir to the Takeda clan , making Katsuyori the true ruler of the Takeda clan .	He took charge of the family after the death of Shingen and fought Tokugawa Ieyasu at Takatenjin in 1574 and at Nagashino in 1575 .
Three-card brag is a 16th-century British card game , and the British national representative of the vying or `` bluffing '' family of gambling games .	Brag is a direct descendant of the Elizabethan game of Primero and one of the several ancestors to poker , just varying in betting style and hand rankings .
It and the neighbouring Tango Province were collectively known as .	Besides Tango , Tanba bordered on Harima , Ōmi , Settsu , Tajima , Wakasa , and Yamashiro Provinces .
Shangri-La is a fictional place described in the 1933 novel `` Lost Horizon '' by British author James Hilton .	Hilton describes Shangri-La as a mystical , harmonious valley , gently guided from a lamasery , enclosed in the western end of the Kunlun Mountains .
Gayo is distinct from other languages in Aceh .	The art and culture of the Gayo people is also significantly different compared with other ethnic groups in Aceh .
In software development , small matter of programming ( SMOP ) or simple matter of programming is a phrase used to ironically indicate that a suggested feature or design change would in fact require a great deal of effort ; it often implies that the person proposing the feature underestimates its cost .	Such underestimated costs are common during cost estimation , particularly near the beginning of a project .
The Iban language ( `` jaku Iban '' ) is spoken by the Iban , a branch of the Dayak ethnic group formerly known as `` Sea Dayak '' who live in the Malaysian state of Sarawak , the Indonesian province of West Kalimantan and in Brunei .	It belongs to Malayic languages a Malayo-Polynesian branch of the Austronesian language family , and is related to Malay , more closely to Sarawakian Malay .
The English Parliament had settled on Electress Sophia of Hanover , granddaughter of King James VI and I , without consulting the Scottish Parliament .	The response of the Scottish Parliament was to pass a bill in 1703 requiring that , on the death of Queen Anne without issue , the three Estates of the Parliament were to appoint a Protestant successor from the descendants of the Scottish kings , but not the English successor unless various economic , political and religious conditions were met .
The first use of the term `` sect of the Nazarenes '' is in the Book of Acts in the New Testament , where Paul is accused of being a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes ( `` πρωτοστάτην τε τῆς τῶν Ναζωραίων αἱρέσεως '' ) .	Then , the term simply designated followers of `` Yeshua Natzri '' ( Jesus the Nazarene ) , as the Hebrew term ( `` '' ) still does , but in the first to fourth centuries , the term was used for a sect of followers of Jesus who were closer to Judaism than most Christians .
The Brethren Church is an Anabaptist Christian denomination with roots in and one of several groups that traces its origins back to the Schwarzenau Brethren of Germany .	The Brethren church tradition traces its roots back over 300 years to 1708 .
The organization is funded by private and public funding , including the California Wine Industry , and is based in San Rafael , California .	On May 1 , 2002 , this group started removing landmines in the Shomali Plain north of Kabul in Afghanistan .
At various times both Maizuru and Miyazu were the capital and chief town of the province .	In the 3rd month of the 6th year of the `` Wadō '' era ( 713 ) , the land of Tango Province was administratively separated from Tanba Province .
Cable & Wireless Worldwide PLC ( informally Cable & Wireless ) was a British multinational telecommunications services company headquartered in Bracknell , United Kingdom .	It was formed in 2010 by the split of Cable & Wireless plc into two companies , the other being Cable & Wireless Communications .
Tanizaki was born into a well-to-do merchant class family in Nihonbashi , Tokyo , where his uncle owned a printing press , which had been established by his grandfather .	Tanizaki described his admittedly pampered childhood in his .
The battle site is in the modern-day Ishikawa Prefecture .	After Oda Nobunaga 's victory at Nagashino , Uesugi Kenshin broke off his alliance with Oda Nobunaga and Tokugawa Ieyasu , he then initiated an alliance in 1575 with the Ishiyama Honganji warrior monks ( Ikko Ikki ) and Takeda Katsuyori of the Takeda clan , with whom he had previously been at odds .
Terabe Castle was a possession of the Ogasawara clan of Mikawa province .	The castle was built on the north shore of Mikawa Bay , in what is now called Hazu , in the city of Nishio , Aichi Prefecture .
In category theory , a subobject classifier is a special object Ω of a category such that , intuitively , the subobjects of any object `` X '' in the category correspond to the morphisms from `` X '' to Ω .	In typical examples , that morphism assigns `` true '' to the elements of the subobject and `` false '' to the other elements of `` X . ''
It is the native language of more than 98 million people ( more than 42 % of the total population of Indonesia ) .	Javanese is one of the Austronesian languages , but it is not particularly close to other languages and is difficult to classify .
On December 8 , 1603 , Yorinobu received the fief of Mito , then rated at 200,000 `` koku '' , as his fief .	Mito had formerly belonged to his older brother , Takeda Nobuyoshi .
His childhood name was Gorōtamaru ( 五郎太丸 ) .	While still a young child , he was appointed leader of first the fief of Kofu in Kai Province and later the fief of Kiyosu in Owari Province .
Hori Hidemasa led the Toyotomi forces at Uchidehama , and defeated Akechi Mitsuharu .	Uchidehama was near present-day Ōtsu city , Shiga prefecture outside Kyoto .
Kawi is also the direct ancestor language of modern Javanese .	The name `` kawi '' is derived from the root `` ku '' , which in Sanskrit means “ poet ” , and , in derived forms , a “ wise , educated man ” .
The four were part of the now-defunct Street Crimes Unit .	All four officers were charged with second-degree murder and acquitted at trial in Albany , New York .
Madurese is a language of the Madurese people of Madura Island and eastern Java , Indonesia ; it is also spoken on the neighbouring small Kangean Islands and Sapudi Islands , as well as by migrants to other parts of Indonesia , namely the eastern salient of Java ( comprising Pasuruan , Surabaya , Malang to Banyuwangi ) , the Masalembu Islands , and even some on Kalimantan .	The Kangean dialect may be a separate language .
In 1927 , she revealed that her daughter , Elizabeth , had been fathered by Harding while he was serving in the United States Senate , one year before he was elected to the presidency .	Her claim was open to question during her life , but was confirmed by DNA testing in 2015 .
The main peak is , the lower western peak is .	Ama Dablam means `` Mother 's necklace '' ; the long ridges on each side like the arms of a mother ( `` ama '' ) protecting her child , and the hanging glacier thought of as the `` dablam '' , the traditional double-pendant containing pictures of the gods , worn by Sherpa women .
All consonants except for can appear in initial position .	In final position , only and are found .
The language is also a lingua franca along the western coastal region of the province of North Sumatra , and is even used in parts of Aceh , where the language is called `` Aneuk Jamee '' .	It is also spoken in some parts of Malaysia , especially Negeri Sembilan .
She was very good in waterrcolours as she started out when she was eight years old .	It was her passion and she was a pretty lady indeed .
1805–1852 ) for their origin .	In the fall of 1827 , the `` Dunker '' Church in Montgomery County , Ohio , was organized by Eyman , who was the Church 's first preacher .
alignment of the Canadian National Railway .	The number `` 16 '' was first given to the highway in 1942 , and originally , the route that the highway took was more to the north of today 's highway , and it was not as long as it is now .
All their property having been confiscated , Fritz 's parents succeeded in leaving the country in 1939 , eventually escaping to Bolivia while sending Fritz and his older sister Hanny ( born 1923 ) to Northamptonshire , England .	On arrival in Britain , Spiegl was sent to Magdalen College School , Brackley , where he learned little beyond `` rugger , plane-spotting and a bit of Latin '' .
He was born in Sharon , Pennsylvania , and graduated from Brookfield High School in Brookfield , Ohio .	Longley joined the band Great White in 2000 , played in Samantha 7 , The Bullet Boys , and played in Nick Menza 's solo project .
Their colours are blue and white stripes , although all-blue shirts have been common throughout the club 's history .	Wigan were elected to the Football League in 1978 , and competed in the Premier League from 2005 to 2013 .
William Ernest `` Bill '' McKibben ( born December 8 , 1960 ) is an American environmentalist , author , and journalist who has written extensively on the impact of global warming .	He is the Schumann Distinguished Scholar at Middlebury College and leader of the anti-carbon campaign group 350.org .
It was established in 1999 to serve as the parent company for a handful of business ventures , most notably the multi-level marketing company Amway and Amway Global , and a manufacturing and distribution company , Access Business Group .	In 2006 , Alticor purchased cosmetics maker Gurwitch Products from Neiman Marcus Group Inc. , and operated it as a wholly owned subsidiary until Gurwitch was acquired by Shiseido in 2016 .
He participated in two successful military coups , in January 1963 and January 1967 , and became President on April 14 , 1967 .	As President , he created a political party , the Rally of the Togolese People ( ) , and headed an anti-communist single-party regime until the early 1990s , when reforms leading to multiparty elections began .
Following the form of a standard concerto , the piece is in three movements :	Rachmaninoff , under pressure , and hoping to make his work more popular , authorized several cuts in the score , to be made at the performer 's discretion .
It stretches across the southern portions of both provinces , from Hope , British Columbia to Medicine Hat , Alberta , providing the shortest highway connection between the Lower Mainland and southeast Alberta through the Canadian Rockies .	The mostly two-lane highway was officially designated in 1932 , mainly following a mid-19th-century gold rush trail originally traced out by an engineer named Edgar Dewdney .
The Bruderhof ( ; ) is a Christian movement that practices community of goods after the example of the first church described in Acts 2 and Acts 4 .	They have communities in the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , Paraguay , and Australia .
It is very common throughout Europe and Asia .	It is found in forested areas , both coniferous and mixed woodland where it feeds on seeds of all kinds , especially of alder and conifers .
It was adopted on 12 July 1927 , seven years after the proclamation of the state of Greater Lebanon during the French mandate .	The Lebanese national anthem was chosen following an open nationwide competition .
The Heighway dragon ( also known as the Harter–Heighway dragon or the Jurassic Park dragon ) was first investigated by NASA physicists John Heighway , Bruce Banks , and William Harter .	It was described by Martin Gardner in his Scientific American column `` Mathematical Games '' in 1967 .
The Scottish crossbill was confirmed as a unique species in August 2006 , on the basis of having a distinctive bird song .	The genus name `` Loxia '' is from Ancient Greek `` loxos '' , `` crosswise '' , and `` scotica '' is Latin for `` Scottish '' .
He is the founder of the Kennedy Forum , a former member of the President ’ s Commission on Combatting Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis , and co-founder of One Mind .	A member of the Kennedy family , he is the youngest son of the long-time Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy and is a nephew of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy .
`` Alu '' elements are the most abundant transposable elements , containing over one million copies dispersed throughout the human genome .	`` Alu '' elements are also known as selfish or parasitic genes , because their sole function is self reproduction .
The scientific name is from Ancient Greek .	`` Loxia '' derives from `` loxos '' , `` crosswise '' , and `` pytyopsittacus '' is from `` pitus , pituos '' , `` pine '' , and `` psittakos '' , `` parrot '' .
Fox , Cree Summer , James Garner , Leonard Nimoy , Don Novello , Phil Morris , Claudia Christian , Jacqueline Obradors , Jim Varney ( in his final role before his death ) , Florence Stanley , John Mahoney , David Ogden Stiers and Corey Burton .	Set in 1914 , the film tells the story of a young man who gains possession of a sacred book , which he believes will guide him and a crew of mercenaries to the lost city of Atlantis .
Crossbills have distinctive mandibles , crossed at the tips , which enable them to extract seeds from conifer cones and other fruits .	Adults are often brightly coloured , with red or orange males and green or yellow females , but there is wide variation in colour , beak size and shape , and call types , leading to different classifications of variants , some of which have been named as subspecies .
Te Keepa Te Rangihiwinui ( died 15 April 1898 ) was a Māori military commander and noted ally of the government forces during the New Zealand Wars .	First known as Te Rangihiwinui , he was later known as Te Keepa , Meiha Keepa , Major Keepa or Major Kemp .
Now in his eighth six-year term of office , he is currently ( since the December 2012 death of Daniel Inouye ) the most senior member of the Senate , and is also the last of the Senate 's `` Watergate Babies '' Democrats first elected to Congress in 1974 , following President Richard Nixon 's August 9 , 1974 resignation over the Watergate scandal .	Additionally , Leahy remains one of the only two sitting U.S .
Murkowski is the daughter of former U.S .	Senator and Governor of Alaska , Frank Murkowski .
Parker has won four NBA Championships ( 2003 , 2005 , 2007 , and 2014 ) , all of which were with the Spurs .	He had also played for ASVEL Basket in his native France during the 2011 NBA lockout .
The list is far from complete or representative as the CAD business landscape is very dynamic : almost every month new companies appear , old companies go out of business , companies split and merge .	Sometimes some names disappear and reappear again .
Euclid is a CAD software which has been developed since 1970 .	Initially written by Jean Marc Brun and Michel Théron at Laboratoire d'informatique pour la mécanique et les sciences de l'ingénieur ( LIMSI ) for modelling fluid flow , they founded their own company , Datavision in 1979 and then sold a controlling interest in 1980 to the French company Matra Datavision .
A member of the Democratic Party , he previously was the U.S. Representative for from 1991 to 1997 .	Reed graduated from the United States Military Academy and Harvard University , serving in the U.S. Army as an active officer from 1971 to 1979 .
The ÖBB group is owned entirely by the Republic of Austria and is divided into several separate businesses that manage the infrastructure and operate passenger and freight services .	The Austrian Federal Railways has had two discrete periods of existence .
He is the younger brother of Stone Temple Pilots guitarist Dean DeLeo .	He is also the current bass player for the supergroup Hollywood Vampires .
The Portuguese Communist Party ( , , PCP ) is a major political party in Portugal .	It is a Marxist–Leninist party , and its organization is based upon democratic centralism .
The year 2003 is also notable for the disintegration of the Columbia Space Shuttle upon its re-entry into earth 's atmosphere , a tragic disaster which took the lives of all seven astronauts on board ; the Concorde jet made its last flight , bringing to an end the era of civilian supersonic travel , at least for the time being ; and the death of Edward Teller , physicist and inventor of the hydrogen bomb .	Category:2003 in science
Joanna 's father , King Henry IV , had previously been married to Blanche of Navarre .	After thirteen years , that marriage was annulled on the grounds that it had never been consummated .
They married on October 19 , 1469 , in the city of Valladolid ; Isabella was eighteen years old and Ferdinand a year younger .	It is generally accepted by most scholars that the unification of Spain can essentially be traced back to the marriage of Ferdinand and Isabella .
Southernmost European birds are mainly resident , but other populations migrate further south in winter .	The central European population once breeding in the grassland of Hungary became extinct several decades ago .
Philippa married Edmund Mortimer , 3rd Earl of March , in 1368 at the age of thirteen in the Queen 's Chapel at Reading Abbey , an alliance that would have far-reaching consequences in English history .	Her cousin , King Richard II , remained childless , making Philippa and her descendants next in line to the throne until his deposition .
In 1944 a separate Ministry of National Insurance ( initially titled the Ministry of Social Insurance , it changed its name on 17 November 1944 ) was formed ; the two merged in 1953 as the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance .	In 1966 the Ministry was renamed the Ministry of Social Security , but this was short-lived , as the Ministry merged with the Ministry of Health in 1968 to form the Department of Health and Social Security .
In the 2012 general election they maintained those 15 seats , but in the 2017 general election the party lost one and went to 14 seats .	The party has been in opposition since it was formed .
The district is located mainly on the territory of the former duchy of Saxe-Meiningen ( part Meiningen district ) and the former dominion of Schmalkalden .	The district as a unit originated in 1994 with the merging of the previous districts Meiningen , Schmalkalden and ( partially ) Suhl-Land , which were formed during the time in the GDR .
Often , the appointer needs support in his or her own proposal , job or position of authority , and for this reason the appointer appoints individuals who will not try to weaken his or her proposals , vote against issues , or express views contrary to those of the appointer .	Politically , `` cronyism '' is derogatorily used to imply buying and selling favors , such as : votes in legislative bodies , as doing favors to organizations , giving desirable ambassadorships to exotic places , etc .
It attained its final name in 1955 with the addition of responsibilities for the British food industry to the existing responsibilities for agriculture and the fishing industry , a name that lasted until the Ministry was dissolved in 2002 , at which point its responsibilities had been merged into the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) .	On its renaming as the Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food in 1955 , it was responsible for agriculture , fisheries and food .
On October 14–15 the same year the first Party Congress of the party was held in Zürich .	Léon Nicole was elected President and Karl Hofmaier General Secretary .
Its full implementation , however , was not considered practicable during the major military operations , and was prevented by Germany 's defeat .	The plan entailed the enslavement , expulsion , and mass murder of most Slavic peoples ( and substantial parts of the Baltic peoples , especially Lithuanians and Latgalians ) in Europe along with planned destruction of their nations , whom the 'Aryan ' Nazis viewed as racially inferior .
The Secretary of State for the Environment , Transport and the Regions was a United Kingdom Cabinet position created in 1997 , with responsibility for the Department of the Environment , Transport and the Regions ( DETR ) .	The position and department were created for John Prescott by merging the positions and responsibilities of the Secretary of State for Environment , the Secretary of State for Transport and some other functions .
Members of the German minority living in Poland assisted in preparing the lists .	that up to 20,000 Germans living in Poland belonged to organizations involved in various forms of subversion. < ref name= '' polityka.pl/historia '' > < /ref >
It has seen use in a variety of sports , particularly soccer and American football .	Originally designed in 1959 for high school sports , the stadium 's long-standing soccer connection began in 1977 when it became the home venue for the original Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the original NASL .
Edward Barry was the third son of Sir Charles Barry , born in his father 's house , 27 Foley Place , London .	In infancy he was delicate , and was placed under the care of a confidential servant at Blackheath .
The Zimbabwe African National Union ( ZANU ) was a militant organisation that fought against white minority rule in Rhodesia , formed as a split from the Zimbabwe African People 's Union ( ZAPU ) .	ZANU split in 1975 into wings loyal to Robert Mugabe and Ndabaningi Sithole , later respectively called ZANU–PF and ZANU - Ndonga .
Évelyne Thomas ( born January 10 , 1964 ) was the hostess of the French talk show `` C'est mon choix '' ( It 's my choice ) .	In 2003 she was controversially chosen as the new Marianne .
The Left was founded by the New Left and the Communist Party ( KPL ) as an electoral party .	It had members from both parties and independents .
She started her career in theater , and won an Obie Award for Best Actress in 1963 for her Off-Broadway performance in Bertolt Brecht 's `` Man Equals Man '' .	She later transitioned to film acting , and in 1987 , she won an Academy Award , a Golden Globe , and a BAFTA nomination for her performance in `` Moonstruck '' .
Harry Pateshall Colebatch CMG ( 29 March 1872 – 12 February 1953 ) was a long-serving and occasionally controversial figure in Western Australian politics .	He was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council for nearly 20 years , the twelfth Premier of Western Australia for a month in 1919 , agent-general in London for five years , and a federal senator for four years .
Fry ran a rescue network in Vichy France that helped approximately 2,000 to 4,000 anti-Nazi and Jewish refugees to escape Nazi Germany and the Holocaust .	He was the first American to be recognized as `` Righteous Among the Nations '' , an honorific given by the State of Israel to non-Jews who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust .
The current president of the party is Vladimirs Frolovs .	Between 1999 and 2015 , the position was held by Alfrēds Rubiks , once mayor of Riga and later leader of the unionist movement and head of the Latvian Communist Party ( CPSU platform ) .
William Penn made the beaches of Cape Henlopen one of the first public lands established in what has become the United States in 1682 with the declaration that Cape Henlopen would be for `` the usage of the citizens of Lewes and Sussex County . ''	Cape Henlopen State Park has a 24-hour and year-round fishing pier as well as campgrounds .
We the Living is the debut novel of the Russian American novelist Ayn Rand .	It is a story of life in post-revolutionary Russia and was Rand 's first statement against communism .
The pear-shaped instrument may have existed in China as early as the Han dynasty , and although historically the term `` pipa '' was once used to refer to a variety of plucked chordophones , its usage since the Song dynasty refers exclusively to the pear-shaped instrument .	The pipa is one of the most popular Chinese instruments and has been played for almost two thousand years in China .
The Progressive Party of Working People ( , `` Anorthotikó Kómma Ergazómenou Laoú '' ( AKEL ) ; ) is a Marxist–Leninist and communist political party in Cyprus .	AKEL is one of the two major parties in Cyprus , and it supports an independent , demilitarized , and non-aligned Cyprus , and a federal solution of the internal aspect of the Cyprus problem .
The name means 'Sigstein 's dale or valley ' .	The name 'Sigstein ' is also the source for the name of Sysonby in Leicestershire .
`` Link 's Awakening '' began as a port of the Super NES title `` '' , developed after-hours by Nintendo staff .	It grew into an original project under the direction of Takashi Tezuka , with a story and script created by Yoshiaki Koizumi and Kensuke Tanabe .
Like his younger brother and fellow architect Edward Middleton Barry , Charles Jr. designed numerous buildings in London .	He is particularly associated with works in the south London suburb of Dulwich .
He received only 7.4 % of the vote , with three other candidates ( Ivan Gašparovič , Vladimír Mečiar and Eduard Kukan ) receiving more than that .	He was succeeded by Ivan Gašparovič .
Meirionnydd ( Meirion , with - '' ydd '' as a Welsh suffix of land , literally `` Land adjoined to Meirion '' ) was a sub-kingdom of Gwynedd , founded according to legend by Meirion ( derived from the Latin name Mariānus ) , a grandson of Cunedda , a warrior-prince who brought his family to Wales from the 'Old North ' ( northern England and southern Scotland today ) , probably in the early 5th century .	His dynasty seems to have ruled there for the next four hundred years .
The `` Revised and Updated Edition '' from the 1890s is now in the public domain , and Web-based versions are available online .	The most recent version is the 20th edition , published in November 2018 by Chambers Harrap Publishers .
For most of the first two decades after the Velvet Revolution , the party was politically isolated and accused of extremism , but it has moved closer to the Czech Social Democratic Party ( ČSSD ) .	After the 2012 regional elections , it began governing in coalition with the ČSSD in 10 regions .
Herod Antipater ( , `` Hērǭdēs Antipatros '' ; born before 20 BC – died after 39 AD ) , known by the nickname Antipas , was a 1st-century ruler of Galilee and Perea , who bore the title of tetrarch ( `` ruler of a quarter '' ) and is referred to as both `` Herod the Tetrarch '' and `` King Herod '' in the New Testament although he never held the title of king .	He is widely known today for accounts in the New Testament of his role in events that led to the executions of John the Baptist and Jesus of Nazareth .
The single 's cover features a skeletal figure inspired by a poster for the 1946 film serial `` The Crimson Ghost '' .	The figure became a mascot for the band , and its skull image would serve as the Misfits ' logo for the rest of their career .
In her 2007 book `` The Shock Doctrine '' , she argues that neoliberal free market policies ( as advocated by the economist Milton Friedman ) have risen to prominence in some developed countries because of a deliberate strategy of `` shock therapy '' .	Johan Norberg of the Cato Institute criticized the book , saying that the concept of shock therapy is falsely attributed to Friedman .
The United States Navy handed the airfield back to the MoD on 30 June 1995 , marking the end of its service as a NATO facility since 1960 .	The airbase was sold to Machrihanish Airbase Community Company ( MACC ) in May 2012 , and two thirds of the runway is leased to Highlands and Islands Airports for Campbeltown Airport .
Corticotropin-releasing factor , CRF is a family of related neuropeptides in vertebrates .	This family includes corticotropin-releasing hormone , urotensin-I , urocortin , and sauvagine .
An attempt had been made by the Board of Ordnance in 1720 to set up an academy within its Arsenal ( then known as the Warren ) to provide training and education for prospective officers of its new Regiment of Artillery and Corps of Engineers ( both of which had been established there in 1716 ) .	A new building was being constructed in readiness for the Academy and funds had been secured , seemingly , through investment in the South Sea Company ; but the latter 's collapse led to plans for the Academy being placed on hold .
The counties of England are areas used for different purposes , which include administrative , geographical , cultural and political demarcation .	The term 'county ' is not clearly defined and can apply to similar or the same areas used by each of these demarcation structures .
In 1882 James Atkinson developed the Atkinson cycle , a variant of the four stroke Otto cycle .	The first implementation of this was arranged as an opposed piston engine , the Atkinson differential engine .
An engine of the same design appeared on the cover of the February 1969 issue of Mechanix Illustrated magazine .	There are two combustion chambers and a central precompression chamber .
Jameson is currently Knut Schmidt-Nielsen Professor of Comparative Literature and Romance Studies ( French ) and the director of the Center for Critical Theory at Duke University .	In 2012 , the Modern Language Association gave Jameson its sixth Award for Lifetime Scholarly Achievement .
His career has been commemorated with the name of a pub and in literature .	Born in Wick which is near the Hanham area of Bristol , Cribb moved to London at the age of 13 and after working as a bell-hanger he sought work as a coal porter in Wapping .
The seat of residence for the Governor was in Härnösand .	It included the Provinces of Ångermanland , Medelpad and Jämtland .
Hudiksvall County , or `` Hudiksvalls län '' , was a county of the Swedish Empire , between 1645 and 1654 .	It was created by splitting the Norrland County into the Hudiksvall County and the Härnösand County , but just nine years later they were merged again as the Västernorrland County .
On 5 September 1645 the remainder of the county was divided in two parts where the central part became the Härnösand County and the southern part became the Hudiksvall County .	However in 1654 Härnösand and Hudiksvall counties were reunited as the Västernorrland County .
During this period , there existed a Northern Imperial Court , established by Ashikaga Takauji in Kyoto , and a Southern Imperial Court , established by Emperor Go-Daigo in Yoshino .	Ideologically , the two courts fought for fifty years , with the South giving up to the North in 1392 .
`` Night of the Living Dead '' is the fourth single by the horror punk band the Misfits .	It was released on October 31 , 1979 , on singer Glenn Danzig 's label Plan 9 Records .
A Governor resided briefly at Borgholm , but the island is today part of the Kalmar County .	Some important historical sites in Öland County are : Borgholm Castle , Halltorps Estate , Eketorp fortress and the Gettlinge Gravefield .
It also led to the partial revocation of the rule against double jeopardy .	Two of the perpetrators were convicted of murder in 2012 .
Bulguksa is located on the slopes of Mount Toham ( Jinheon-dong , Gyeongju city , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea ) .	It is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism and encompasses seven National treasures of South Korea , including the Dabotap and Seokgatap stone pagodas , Cheongun-gyo ( Blue Cloud Bridge ) , and two gilt-bronze statues of Buddha .
The facsimile edition of the autograph has a different aria for Alidoro , `` '' ; this seems to have been added by an anonymous hand for an 1818 production .	For an 1820 revival in Rome , Rossini wrote a bravura replacement , `` '' .
The electronic medium removes the necessity for a gamemaster and increases combat resolution speed .	RPGs have evolved from simple text-based console-window games into visually rich 3D experiences .
Gérard was born in Franche-Comté ( then belonging to Spain , afterwards to France ) .	He came from a Roman Catholic family with 11 children and was a great admirer of Philip II , king of Spain and the Netherlands .
The naval Battle of Oliwa , also Battle of Oliva or Battle of Gdańsk Roadstead , took place on 28 November 1627 ( N.S . )	during the Polish–Swedish War slightly north of the port of Danzig ( Gdańsk ) near the village of Oliva ( Oliwa ) .
This means that if different sine wave tones are fed into the loudspeaker at the same voltage ( or the same current ) , the amount of electric power consumed will vary .	By convention , loudspeakers are designed to generate the same sound pressure level ( SPL ) at the listener for the same voltage at varying frequencies - regardless of the variation in electric power .
The term `` institutional racism '' was coined and first used in 1967 by Stokely Carmichael ( later known as Kwame Ture ) and Charles V. Hamilton in `` '' .	Carmichael and Hamilton wrote that while individual racism is often identifiable because of its overt nature , institutional racism is less perceptible because of its `` less overt , far more subtle '' nature .
The music is characteristic of Rossini 's style , remarkable for its fusion of sustained , manic energy with elegant , pristine melodies .	Rossini wrote `` L'Italiana in Algeri '' when he was 21 .
François Cheng ( , born 30 August 1929 in Nanchang , Jiangxi ) is a Chinese-born French academician , writer , poet and calligrapher .	He is the author of essays , novels , collections of poetry and books on art written in the French language , and the translator of some of the great French poets into Chinese .
Llylgamyn 's rulers have been killed , and the city 's only hope is for the recovery of the staff of Gnilda , only obtainable from trading the mystic `` Knight of Diamonds '' armor from the legendary Knight of Diamonds to fend off the invaders .	The game functions virtually identically to the first scenario , `` '' , with the player guiding a party of up to six adventurers into a 6 level dungeon .
It was at the third tier of soccer in the United States , behind Major League Soccer ( top division ) and the USL First Division ( second division ) , and one step up from the USL Premier Development League and the other leagues at Level 4 .	In 1995 the United States Interregional Soccer League ( USISL ) , the de facto second tier of American soccer at the time , changed its name to the United States International Soccer League , and split into two leagues , one professional and one amateur .
The grunge style was featured both in Green River 's own music and the music the band 's members would create in future bands , including Pearl Jam and Mudhoney .	Green River reunited for several live shows in 2008 and 2009 .
United Soccer League ( USL ) , formerly known as United Soccer Leagues , is the organizer of several soccer leagues with teams in the United States and Canada .	It includes men 's and women 's leagues , both professional and amateur .
Mfecane ( isiZulu , ) , also known by the Sesotho name Difaqane or Lifaqane ( all meaning `` crushing , scattering , forced dispersal , forced migration '' ) , was a period of widespread chaos and warfare among indigenous ethnic communities in : southern Africa during the period between 1815 and about 1840 .	As King Shaka created the militaristic Zulu Kingdom in the territory between the Tugela River and Pongola River , his forces caused a wave of warfare and disruption to sweep to other peoples .
Northern Virginia Royals is an American soccer team based in Woodbridge , Virginia , United States .	Founded in 1998 , the team plays in the USL Premier Development League ( PDL ) , the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid , in the South Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference .
The team is a member of the United Soccer Leagues W-League , the second tier of women ’ s soccer in the United States and Canada .	The team plays in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference against the D.C. United Women , Dayton Dutch Lions , Fredericksburg Impact , and Virginia Beach Piranhas .
Located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles , near the Port of Los Angeles , it has been designated as a California Historic Landmark , a Los Angeles Historic Cultural Monument and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places .	Since 1987 , it has been operated as a Civil War museum that is open to the public .
It is affiliated with six Nobel Prize winners , most recently in 2000 when Jena graduate Herbert Kroemer won the Nobel Prize for physics .	It was renamed after the poet Friedrich Schiller who was teaching as professor of philosophy when Jena attracted some of the most influential minds at the turn of the 19th century .
Morris was born in Manchester into a political family .	Her uncle , Alf Morris , was Labour MP for Manchester Wythenshawe ( 1964–97 ) and her father , Charles , was Labour MP for Manchester Openshaw ( 1963–83 ) and a Post Office union official who married Pauline Dunn .
Magpie was a British children 's television programme shown on ITV from 30 July 1968 to 6 June 1980 .	It was a magazine format show , intended to compete with the BBC 's `` Blue Peter '' , but it attempted to be more `` hip '' , focusing more on popular culture .
The daughter of Reginald and Bertha Watts , she was born in Cromer , Norfolk , and spent her early years in Mundesley on Sea , her father being a haulier with a small garage at the western end of Water Lane .	She was educated at North Walsham Girls ' High School and St Hilda 's College , Oxford , from which she gained an MA in Modern Languages .
He became a tanner and was active in Boston 's militia .	On May 3 , 1768 , Dawes married Mehitable May , the daughter of Samuel and Catherine May ( née Mears ) .
He was the father of actor John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln .	His other children included Edwin Booth , the foremost tragedian of the mid-to-late 19th century , Junius Brutus Booth , Jr. , an actor and theatre manager , and Asia Booth Clarke , a poet and writer .
He was known for his brilliant translations of a number of French poetic and prose works into Russian .	Voloshin was born in Kiev in 1877 .
It usually is administered by the Minister for Transport .	The term is also sometimes applied to the departments or other government agencies administering transport in nations who do not employ ministers .
First released in 2003 , the latest stable release is version 10.1 and is available via the Mac App Store free of charge for macOS High Sierra and macOS Mojave users .	Registered developers can download preview releases and prior versions of the suite through the Apple Developer website .
Zygophyllaceae ( ) is a family , of flowering plants , that contain the bean-caper and caltrop .	The family includes around 285 species in 22 genera .
Guaiacum ( ) , sometimes spelled Guajacum , is a genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family Zygophyllaceae .	It contains five species of slow-growing shrubs and trees , reaching a height of approximately but usually less than half of that .
Beware was the fifth release from the Lodi , New Jersey , horror punk band The Misfits .	Since it was originally intended to be available for the group 's 1979 UK tour , it combined two earlier , out of print releases , with the substitution of one new track .
His father was Andrew Cunningham , leader of the Labour Party in the Northern Region in the 1970s , who was disgraced in the 1974 Poulson scandal .	Dr Cunningham was first elected as member for Whitehaven in 1970 ; and the renamed Copeland constituency , which was the same constituency as Whitehaven , in 1983 .
It is located on the Pakistani–Chinese border in Gilgit–Baltistan region of Pakistan and Xinjiang region of China .	Gasherbrum I is part of the Gasherbrum massif , located in the Karakoram region of the Himalaya .
He has also served three separate terms as the Labour Party 's Chief Whip , from 1997 to 1998 , 2008 to 2010 , and from 2016 to the present .	His terms as chief whip have spanned periods in both government and opposition .
Marvin Camras ( January 1 , 1916 – June 23 , 1995 ) was an electrical engineer and inventor who was widely influential in the field of magnetic recording .	Camras built his first recording device , a wire recorder , in the 1930s for a cousin who was an aspiring singer .
He was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Putney from 1979 to 1997 .	Since leaving Parliament , Mellor has worked as a newspaper columnist , a radio presenter , after-dinner speaker , served as Chairman of the government 's 'Football Task Force ' , and established a successful career as an international business consultant and entrepreneur .
Lord Deben is Chairman of the UK 's independent Committee on Climate Change .	He also chairs the sustainability consultancy Sancroft International , recycler Valpak , GLOBE International – the Global Legislators Organisation for a Balanced Environment , the Association of Professional Financial Advisers and Veolia Water UK .
They are the eastern part of the Canadian Cordillera , which is a system of multiple ranges of mountains which runs from the Canadian Prairies to the Pacific Coast .	The Canadian Rockies mountain system comprises the southeastern part of this system , lying between the Interior Plains of Alberta and Northeastern British Columbia on the east to the Rocky Mountain Trench of BC on the west .
More than 135 mountains have been identified on the surface of Jupiter 's moon Io .	Despite the extensive active volcanism taking place on Io , most mountains on Io are formed through tectonic processes .
James Michael Leathes Prior , Baron Prior , PC ( 11 October 1927 – 12 December 2016 ) , usually known as Jim Prior , was a British Conservative politician .	A member of parliament from 1959 to 1987 , he represented the Suffolk constituency of Lowestoft until 1983 and then the renamed constituency of Waveney from 1983 to 1987 , when he stood down from the House of Commons and was made a life peer .
The difference between street fighting and a bare-knuckle boxing match is that the latter has an accepted set of rules , such as not striking a downed opponent .	The first bare-knuckle champion of England was James Figg , who claimed the title in 1719 and held it until his retirement in 1730 .
Macmillan was the only son of Harold Macmillan , 1st Earl of Stockton and Lady Dorothy Cavendish , daughter of Victor Cavendish , 9th Duke of Devonshire .	He was educated at Eton and Balliol College , Oxford .
The opera was first performed at La Fenice in Venice on 3 February 1823 .	`` Semiramide '' was Rossini 's final Italian opera and according to Richard Osborne , `` could well be dubbed `` Tancredi Revisited '' '' .
He represented the government in a diplomatic mission to the United States and England .	His duties in Central America allowed him to explore the region and examine Maya ruins .
Let 's Make a Deal is a television game show that originated in the United States in 1963 and has since been produced in many countries throughout the world .	The program was created and produced by Stefan Hatos and Monty Hall , the latter serving as its host for many years .
Yellowstone Lake is the largest body of water in Yellowstone National Park .	The lake is above sea level and covers with of shoreline .
The opera is mentioned in James Joyce 's `` The Dead '' ( `` Dubliners '' ) and Willa Cather 's `` The Professor 's House '' .	Thomas 's goddaughter Mignon Nevada was named after the main character .
Born into a musical family , Thomas was a student at the Conservatoire de Paris , winning France 's top music prize , the Prix de Rome .	He pursued a career as a composer of operas , completing his first opera , `` La double échelle '' , in 1837 .
A nursemaid ( or nursery maid ) is a mostly historical term for a female domestic worker who cares for children within a large household .	The term implies that she is an assistant to an older and more experienced employee , a role usually known as nurse or nanny .
He received his formal education in local schools .	He was baptised on 14 March 1855 at St Mary Magdalene , Woolwich .
It was a prelude to San Francisco 's Summer of Love , which made the Haight-Ashbury district a symbol of American counterculture and introduced the word `` psychedelic '' to suburbia .	The Human Be-In focused the key ideas of the 1960s counterculture : personal empowerment , cultural and political decentralization , communal living , ecological awareness , higher consciousness ( with the aid of psychedelic drugs ) , acceptance of illicit psychedelics use , and radical liberal political consciousness .
`` Max & Ruby '' is about two rabbits ; Max , a rambunctious and determined three-year-old , and his older sister Ruby , a patient , goal-oriented , and sometimes restrictive seven-year-old .	According to Wells , the series shows the relationship between Ruby , Max , and the universal nature of sibling relationships .
Located at the foothills of the mountain is much of Tasmania 's capital city , Hobart .	The mountain rises to above sea level and is frequently covered by snow , sometimes even in summer , and the lower slopes are thickly forested , but crisscrossed by many walking tracks and a few fire trails .
NBL Championship	Events
He served as president of the New Zealand Law Commission , from 2005 to 2010 .	Palmer was born in Nelson and attended Nelson Central School , Nelson Intermediate School and Nelson College .
New Westminster is a city in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia , Canada , and a member municipality of Metro Vancouver .	It was founded by Major-General Richard Moody as the capital of the new-born Colony of British Columbia in 1858 , and continued in that role until the Mainland and Island Colonies were merged in 1866 , and was the Mainland 's largest city from that year until it was passed in population by Vancouver during the first decade of the 20th Century .
Rex Applegate ( June 21 , 1914 – July 14 , 1998 ) was an American military officer who worked for the Office of Strategic Services , where he trained Allied special forces personnel in close-quarters combat during World War II .	He held the rank of colonel .
Johann Schobert ( c. 1720 , 1735 or 1740 – 28 August 1767 ) was a composer and harpsichordist .	His date of birth is given variously as about 1720 , about 1735 , or about 1740 , his place of birth as Silesia , Alsace , or Nuremberg .
Atom Egoyan , ( ; born July 19 , 1960 ) is a Canadian stage and film director , writer , and producer .	Egoyan made his career breakthrough with `` Exotica '' ( 1994 ) , a film set primarily in and around the fictional Exotica strip club .
It is a Grade II* listed structure .	Ribblehead Viaduct is the longest and the third tallest structure on the Settle–Carlisle line .
First , Article 11 provides that every person has the right to profess and to practice his or her religion and ( subject to applicable laws restricting the propagation of other religions to Muslims ) to propagate it .	Second , the Constitution also provides that Islam is the religion of the country but other religions may be practised in peace and harmony ( Article 3 ) .
The CEA maintains a cross-disciplinary culture of engineers and researchers , building on the synergies between fundamental and technological research .	CEA is headed by a board headed by the general administrator ( currently François Jacq since April 20 , 2018 ) , advised by the high-commissioner for atomic energy ( currently Yves Bréchet ) .
Notably , this included innovative pistol shooting techniques and the development of the Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife .	The television series `` Secrets of War '' suggested him as a possible inspiration for Q branch in James Bond .
The tale of how the symphony was composed was told by Haydn in old age to his biographers Albert Christoph Dies and Georg August Griesinger .	At that time , Haydn 's patron Nikolaus I , Prince Esterházy was resident , together with all his musicians and retinue , at his favourite summer palace at Eszterháza in rural Hungary .
A Smatchet is a short , heavy fighting knife/sword in overall length ( including grip ) .	It was designed by William E. Fairbairn during World War II .
Named in honour of Archbishop Thomas Croke , it is often called Croker by some GAA fans and locals .	It serves both as the principal stadium and headquarters of the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) .
She graduated in 1971 from the Bucharest Academy of Economic Studies ( ASE ) , Faculty of Commerce , magna cum laudae , and in 1979 got a doctorate in economics from the same university .	Between 1971 and 1992 she was a Visiting Professor at ASE , and also a research fellow at the National Institute of Economy and Life Standard Research in Bucharest .
Freedom of religion in Iran is marked by Iranian culture , major religion and politics .	Iran is officially and in practice an Islamic republic—the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran mandates that the official religion of Iran is Shia Islam and the Twelver Ja'fari school , and also mandates that other Islamic schools are to be accorded full respect , and their followers are free to act in accordance with their own jurisprudence in performing their religious rites .
Port Alberni is a city located on Vancouver Island in the province of British Columbia , Canada .	Port Alberni has a total population of 17,678 , and a census agglomeration area of 25,112 .
Pygopodidae ( commonly known as legless lizards , snake-lizards , or flap-footed lizards ) is a family of squamates with reduced or absent limbs , and are a type of gecko .	There are at least 35 species in two subfamilies and eight genera .
They are small insectivorous lizards , with long , slender bodies , adapted for burrowing into the soil .	They have a rigidly fused skull , no pterygoid teeth , and no external ears .
The current mayor of Coquitlam is Richard Stewart .	The Coast Salish people were the first to live in this area , and archaeology confirms continuous occupation of the territory for at least 9,000 years .
The Lacertidae are the family of the wall lizards , true lizards , or sometimes simply lacertas , which are native to Europe , Africa , and Asia .	The group includes the genus `` Lacerta '' , which contains some of the most commonly seen lizard species in Europe .
Scholars have debated its exact origins , but it is related to earlier crosses featuring rings .	The form gained new popularity during the Celtic Revival of the 19th century ; the name `` Celtic cross '' is a convention dating from that time .
Children born to Muslim fathers are by law deemed Muslim , and conversion from Islam to another religion is considered apostasy and punishable by death .	Blasphemy against Sunni Islam is also punishable by death , but the more common penalty is a long prison sentence .
Toivonen 's first World Rally Championship victory came with a Talbot Sunbeam Lotus at the 1980 Lombard RAC Rally in Great Britain , just after his 24th birthday .	He had the record of being the youngest driver ever to win a world rally until his countryman Jari-Matti Latvala won the 2008 Swedish Rally at the age of 22 .
The modern fez owes much of its popularity to the Ottoman era .	Besides ṭarbūsh , the fez can also be defined in Arabic `` shashia ( i ) stanbuli '' .
It was annexed by Boston in 1836 .	It is separated from downtown Boston by Boston Harbor and bordered by Winthrop , Revere , and the Chelsea Creek .
The faculty 's administration is housed at the university 's Frederiksberg Campus .	The faculty offers three-year Bachelor of Science ( BS ) , two-year Master of Science ( MS ) and a three-year Ph.D. degree programmes .
In Belgium , which is a federal state , the constitution attributes legislative power over higher education to the Communities .	The Dutch-speaking Flemish Community , the French Community and the German Community thus determine which institutes of higher education they organise or recognise , and which diplomas may be legally issued by these institutes .
Most schools are members of Universities Canada ( formerly the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada ( AUCC ) ) .	The title `` university '' is protected under federal regulation .
Higher education in Denmark is offered by a range of universities , university colleges , business academies and specialised institutions .	The national higher education system is in accordance with the Bologna process , with bachelor 's degrees ( first cycle , three years ) , master 's degrees ( second cycle , two years ) and doctoral degrees ( third cycle , three years ) .
Aside from the nationally funded public education system that provides recognised degrees to the vast majority of students in France and that keeps tuition fees low , there exist private institutes .	French public universities ( see List of public universities in France for a detailed list ) are as of 2015 in the process of reorganization according to the Law on Higher Education and Research passed in July 2013 .
Some seventeen German universities rank among top 250 universities in world Highest ranked universities in Germany include some research oriented universities for MS , MBA and Medical and Engineering .	The list does not , however , cover the German `` Fachhochschulen '' ( University of Applied Sciences ) or institutions that cover only certain disciplines such as business studies , fine arts , or engineering .
The following notation is used :	Note 1 : The Open University of Hong Kong was established and financed by the Hong Kong Government from 1989 to 1993 .
As many course offerings are varied , Israeli universities are considered to be of top quality , and they are inexpensive to attend .	Israel 's quality university education is largely responsible for spurring the country 's high tech boom and rapid economic development .
The list contains only universities or colleges , either four-year or two-year , that still exist today and are classified as `` schools '' according to Article 1 of the School Education Law .	( See Daigakkō for universities that are not considered `` schools '' . )
They are accredited to confer bachelor 's , master 's and doctoral degrees .	Prior to the Bologna Process , the universities granted `` drs . ''
This is a complete list of the universities in New Zealand , of which there are eight .	The former University of New Zealand ran from 1870 to 1961 .
The University of Tromsø is the world 's northernmost .	Schools with an asterisk ( * ) have been created as the result of a merger .
In total , there are approximately 457 universities and collegiate-level institutions of higher education in Poland , including 131 government-funded and 326 privately owned universities , with almost 2 million enrolled students .	According to the March 18 , 2011 Act of the Polish Parliament , the universities are divided into categories based on their legal status and level of authorization .
Private education institutions ( PEIs ) in Singapore are regulated by the Committee for Private Education ( CPE ) .	The following are local branches of foreign universities .
In 2004 South Africa started reforming its higher education system , merging and incorporating small universities into larger institutions , and renaming all higher education institutions `` university '' ( previously there had been several types of higher education institution ) .	The country 's universities and `` technikons '' which were incorporated with others and thus no longer exist are listed at the end of the article .
This list of universities in Switzerland lists all 12 Swiss universities ( 10 cantonal universities and 2 federal institutes of technology ) and a number of public Swiss Universities of Applied Sciences and other education institutions , as higher education institutions .	The Swiss law on publicly financed universities , the Swiss University Conference and its accreditation body the CRUS-OAQ is responsible for their recognition according to the Federal Higher Education Act , HEdA .
It was the second-largest of the roughly seven species of its genus .	Like many other rodents , `` Phoberomys '' was a herbivore with high-crowned premolars and molars .
Later , to avoid confusion with other types of sinfonia/symphony , the term `` Italian overture '' was used more frequently .	The structure of the Italian overture/sinfonia was the base from which the classical multi-movement cycle - used in genres including the symphony , concerto , and sonata - developed around the middle of the 18th century .
Both of his parents were Jewish .	He was educated at the Lycée Condorcet in Paris .
He was appointed Field Marshal in 1773 , Privy Councillor in 1776 , and Governor-General of Pomerania between 1776 and 1791 .	Hessenstein was made a count of the Holy Roman Empire ( in which his father 's German realm , the landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel , was located ) on 28 February 1741 , and created a Swedish count on 29 March of the following year .
Hedvig Taube was one of 9 children of count Edvard Didrik Taube and Christina Maria Falkenberg .	Her sister , Catherine Charlotte , was to marry the brother of famous scientist Countess Eva Ekeblad , who was also the aunt of the renowned Axel von Fersen the Younger .
Radical centrism ( also called the radical center/centre or radical middle ) is a political ideology that arose in the Western nations in the late 20th century .	At first it was defined in a variety of ways , but at the beginning of the 21st century a number of political science texts gave it a more developed cast .
The Romanians ( or—historically , but now a seldom-used regionalism— '' rumâni '' ; dated exonym : `` Vlachs '' ) are a Romance ethnic group and nation native to Romania , that share a common Romanian culture , ancestry , and speak the Romanian language , the most widespread spoken Eastern Romance language which is descended from the Latin language .	According to the 2011 Romanian census , just under 89 % of Romania 's citizens identified themselves as ethnic Romanians .
He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature five times .	Alfonso Reyes ' parents were Bernardo Reyes and Aurelia Ochoa .
Riddarholmen ( , `` The Knights ' Islet '' ) is a small islet in central Stockholm , Sweden .	The island forms part of Gamla Stan , the old town , and houses a number of private palaces dating back to the 17th century .
The original Mailros took its name from that site , i.e .	'the bare peninsula ' .
The congregation was dissolved in 1807 and today the church is used only for burial and commemorative purposes .	Swedish monarchs from Gustavus Adolphus ( d. 1632 AD ) to Gustaf V ( d. 1950 ) are entombed here ( with only one exception : Queen Christina who is buried within St. Peter 's Basilica in Rome ) , as well as the earlier monarchs Magnus III ( d. 1290 ) and Charles VIII ( d. 1470 ) .
James Gunn ( March 13 , 1753 – July 30 , 1801 ) was a delegate to the Continental Congress and a United States Senator from Georgia .	Gunn was born in Virginia to John and Mary Gunn and became a lawyer .
`` Eutrochium fistulosum '' is a herbaceous perennial plant sometimes as much as tall .	It is found in moist , rich soil alongside ditches and marshes , or in wet forests .
The series began running on Disney XD on June 15 , 2009 .	Produced in the United States , the voice recording was done in Canada and the show was animated in Japan and South Korea .
The medical school offers the only MD-PhD program available in Mexico , in partnership with the Houston Methodist Hospital .	The Institute was founded on 6 September 1943 by a group of local businessmen led by Eugenio Garza Sada , a moneyed heir of a brewing conglomerate who was interested in creating an institution that could provide highly skilled personnel — both university graduates and technicians— to the booming Monterrey corporations of the 1940s .
He is seen as the theorist behind the `` Modern Breakthrough '' of Scandinavian culture .	At the age of 30 , Brandes formulated the principles of a new realism and naturalism , condemning hyper-aesthetic writing and also fantasy in literature .
Agamben was educated at the University of Rome , where in 1965 he wrote an unpublished laurea thesis on the political thought of Simone Weil .	Agamben participated in Martin Heidegger 's Le Thor seminars ( on Heraclitus and Hegel ) in 1966 and 1968 .
In anatomy , a crystallin is a water-soluble structural protein found in the lens and the cornea of the eye accounting for the transparency of the structure .	It has also been identified in other places such as the heart , and in aggressive breast cancer tumors .
The theory focuses on player interaction rather than statistics , encompassing game design beyond role-playing games .	Analysis centers on how player behavior fits the above parameters of engagement and how these preferences shape the content and direction of a game .
More than 300 companies have been listed for trading .	The Stockholm Stock Exchange was acquired by futures exchange OM in 1998 .
Despite the fact that they were not daughters of a royal duke , they were sometimes unofficially referred to with the territorial designation `` of Fife '' but in official documents , until their marriages , they were always styled Her Highness Princess Maud or Alexandra , without the territorial designation `` of Fife '' .	Although Princess Maud did not otherwise carry out royal engagements , because of her position in the Commonwealth 's order of succession she served as a Counsellor of State between 1942 and 1945 .
Southern Spain , the region now called Andalusia , was the province of `` Hispania Baetica '' .	On the Atlantic west lay the province of Lusitania , partially coincident with modern-day Portugal .
Garin de Monglane , or Montglane , is a fictional character created by Conrad von Stöffler in 1280 .	The character gives his name to the second cycle of Old French `` chansons de geste '' , `` La Geste de Garin de Monglane '' .
He is most noted for his supply efforts on behalf of Confederate prisoners of war .	William N. R. Beall was born in Bardstown , Kentucky on March 20 , 1825 .
Teiidae is sister to the Gymnopthalmidae , and both families comprise the Teiioidea .	The Teiidae includes several parthenogenic species – a mode of clonal reproduction .
They are commonly known as girdled lizards , spinytail lizards , or girdle-tail lizards .	Cordylidae is closely related to the family Gerrhosauridae , occurring in Africa and Madagascar .
Also known as plated lizards , species in the family Gerrhosauridae live in a range of habitats , from rocky crevices to sand dunes .	Their form is variable , some species having four fully developed limbs , and others having vestigial hind limbs only .
It is categorized as a Doctoral Research University by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education .	It was founded as a law school in 1906 and named after its location in Suffolk County , Massachusetts .
The 8th Executive Council of the Irish Free State ( 21 July – 29 December 1937 ) was formed by the Fianna Fáil party .	The government positions are listed in alphabetical order , rather than in terms of seniority .
Gymnophthalmidae is a family of lizards with at least 250 species , sometimes known as spectacled lizards or microteiids .	They are called 'spectacled ' because of their transparent lower eyelids , so they can still see with closed eyes .
Renaud possess a magical horse Bayard and the sword Froberge ( Italian : `` Fusberta '' , `` Frusberta '' ) .	The story of Renaud had a European success .
The 7th Dáil lasted for 343 days .	The 6th Executive Council of the Irish Free State ( 9 March 1932 – 8 February 1933 ) was formed by the Fianna Fáil party .
Ministers are listed in order of seniority .	On 28 March 1930 , after a loss of a vote in the Dáil by the executive council , the President tendered his resignation to the Governor-General .
It came to office following the election of the Third Dáil on 16 June 1922 .	The cabinet came to an end when it was superseded by a new cabinet , the 1st Executive Council of the Irish Free State .
Anguidae refers to a large and diverse family of lizards native to the Northern Hemisphere .	Common characteristics of this group include a reduced supratemporal arch , striations on the medial faces of tooth crowns , osteoderms , and a lateral fold in the skin of most taxa .
An alternate usage in metallurgy refers to metals which are found chemically uncombined in nature .	While all protein molecules begin as simple unbranched chains of amino acids , once completed they assume highly specific three-dimensional shapes .
The Italian Renaissance ( ) was a period of European history that began in Italy in the 14th century ( Trecento ) and lasted until the 17th century ( Seicento ) , marking the transition from the Middle Ages to Modernity .	The French word `` renaissance '' ( `` Rinascimento '' in Italian ) means `` Rebirth '' and defines the period as one of cultural revival and renewed interest in classical antiquity after the centuries labeled the Dark Ages by Renaissance humanists .
Xenosauridae is a family of anguimorph lizards whose only living representative is the genus `` Xenosaurus '' , which is native to Central America .	Xenosauridae also includes the extinct genera `` Exostinus '' and `` Restes '' .
The family , a group of carnivorous and frugivorous lizards , includes the extinct `` Megalania '' ( the largest known land dwelling lizard ) , the Komodo dragon ( the largest living lizard ) , and the crocodile monitor .	Varanidae also contains the living genus `` Varanus '' and a number of extinct taxa .
The earless monitor lizard was described in 1878 by Franz Steindachner .	The genus name `` Lanthanotus '' means `` hidden ear '' and the species name `` borneensis '' refers to its home island of Borneo .
Stockholm Palace or the Royal Palace ( or ) is the official residence and major royal palace of the Swedish monarch ( the actual residence of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia is at Drottningholm Palace ) .	Stockholm Palace is located on Stadsholmen , in Gamla stan in the capital , Stockholm .
In the late-1970s it moved down to Arlington , Texas .	In late-1980s all of the playing card assets of Western Playing Card Co. ( Western Publishing ) brands such as Guild , Colortone , Invincible , Imperial , Boulevard , Western , Whitman etc .
Its name comes from the Nahuatl `` papaloapan '' meaning `` river of the butterflies '' .	Juan de Grijalva 's 1517 expedition discovered the river , naming it Rio de Alvarado .
The conformation 's name is derived from the idea that , in the absence of specific , stabilizing interactions , a polymer backbone will `` sample '' all possible conformations randomly .	Many linear , unbranched homopolymers — in solution , or above their melting temperatures — assume ( approximate ) random coils .
The Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region ( PRD , ) is the low-lying area surrounding the Pearl River estuary , where the Pearl River flows into the South China Sea .	It is one of the most densely urbanized regions in the world , and is often considered an emerging megacity .
The terrace in the eastern end , called `` Strömparterren '' ( `` The Stream Parterr '' ) , is a public park with a restaurant dating from 1832 , while the flight of stairs leading down to the water is from 1807-1810 .	The quay west of the Riksdag Building once surrounded Sweden 's central bank Sveriges Riksbank and was thus named `` Bankkajen '' ( `` The Bank Quay '' ) , while the streets on southern and northern sides are called `` Norra/Södra Helgeandstrappan '' ( `` The Northern/Southern Helgeand Stairs '' ) , all of them named in 1925 .
He was called `` Quino '' since childhood , to distinguish him from his uncle , the illustrator Joaquín , who helped to awaken his vocation of cartooning at an early age .	In 1945 , after the death of his mother , he enrolled and started his studies at Escuela de Bellas Artes de Mendoza .
He was , until his retirement in May 2007 , Deputy Assistant Commissioner in London 's Metropolitan Police Service and the United Kingdom 's most senior openly gay police officer .	Paddick joined the Metropolitan Police Service in 1976 .
It lies across from the Parliament House ( `` Riksdag '' ) building ( on the island Helgeandsholmen ) , and the Royal Palace ( on the island Stadsholmen ) , and is connected with them over the `` Norrström '' River through the `` Riksbron '' and `` Norrbro '' bridges , respectively .	The first historical records of a building on the site are from the 1640s .
They have continued to work as a comic duo on television and in theatre and pantomime .	Their first TV appearance was in 1974 in the variety show `` The Wheeltappers and Shunters Social Club '' before landing a performance on `` Bruce Forsyth 's Big Night '' , although their segment did n't make it to broadcast .
In order from North to South :	In order from North to South :
`` rosen bath '' ) is a building in central Stockholm , precinct of Norrmalm .	It is a building owned by the Swedish State and serves as the seat of the Government .
A decree is a rule of law usually issued by a head of state ( such as the president of a republic or a monarch ) , according to certain procedures ( usually established in a constitution ) .	It has the force of law .
His family was Jacobite in its politics , most particularly his second son James ( c.1690–1770 ) .	On 31 January 1688 he married Marjory Scott ( d. 8 April 1746 ) , daughter of David Scott of Scotstarvit ( d. 1718 ) .
Throughout his career , he has won numerous awards , such as the Killam Prize for the Humanities and the Balzan Prize , and been a member of many prestigious groups , including the Order of Canada , the Royal Society of Canada and the British Academy .	Born in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , he earned undergraduate degrees from the University of British Columbia ( 1956 ) and the University of Cambridge ( 1958 ) , where he was a student at Trinity College , Cambridge .
Dio Cassius apparently identifies this war with the one in Camillus 's fifth dictatorship when the election of the consuls was resumed .	Those events took place in 364 BC , about a decade earlier , according to Livy .
The Gee-Gees women 's rugby team won the national championship in 2017 , and the women 's soccer team were national champions in 1996 .	The men 's cross country team won three national titles in 1986 , 1987 , and 1990 .
The Baghdad Zoo is a zoo originally opened in 1971 and located in Baghdad , Iraq , in the Al Zawra ’ a Gardens area along with the Al Zawra ’ a Dream Park ( amusement park ) and Zawra'a Tower .	Before the 2003 invasion of Iraq , the zoo housed 650 animals .
Built on the island Lovön ( in Ekerö Municipality of Stockholm County ) , it is one of Sweden 's Royal Palaces .	It was originally built in the late 16th century , and it served as a regular summer residence of the Swedish royal court for most of the 18th century .
Kingwood is a 14,000 acre ( 57 km² ) master-planned community located in northeast Houston , Texas , United States .	The majority of the community is located in Harris County with a small portion in Montgomery County .
The ragfish ( `` Icosteus aenigmaticus '' ) is a ray-finned fish of the northern Pacific Ocean ; although a perciform , its skeleton is mostly cartilage , and the larvae have pelvic fins that disappear as they mature .	It is the sole member of the family Icosteidae , and some authorities place it into its own order Icosteiformes .
A student society , student association , university society or student organization is a society or an organization , operated by students at a university or a college institution , whose membership typically consists only of students or alumni .	Early notable types of student societies include the medieval so-called nations of the University of Bologna and the University of Paris .
She became a member of the Communist Party of China in 1938 .	In 1939 she married Deng in front of Mao Zedong 's cave dwelling in Yan'an .
The species is native to Central America .	The natural distribution of `` B. plumifrons '' ranges from eastern Honduras , through Nicaragua and Costa Rica , to western Panama .
It is the first university in China to recruit foreign students , and is currently a Chinese university with the largest number of international students .	Jinan University is currently administered by both the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council and the Chinese Ministry of Education .
The New York actor Steven Polito debuted his character Hedda Lettuce in 1991 on the Manhattan Cable TV show `` The Brenda and Glennda Show '' .	She is one of the few drag queens who actually sings live using her voice instead of lip syncing .
Molson Coors Canada Inc. is the name of the Canadian subsidiary of Molson Coors Brewing Company .	Molson 's first brewery was located on the Saint Lawrence River in Montreal , where the company continues to maintain its operations today .
The city itself was founded as the capital of Mughal Empire in 1571 by Emperor Akbar , serving this role from 1571 to 1585 , when Akbar abandoned it due to a campaign in Punjab and was later completely abandoned in 1610 .	The name of the city derives from the village called `` Sikri '' which occupied the spot before .
The album was recorded at famed Greenhouse Studios in Vancouver , British Columbia .	It is the band 's last album with Ryan Vikedal as drummer .
She has also released disco singles such as `` Shame , Shame , Shame ! ''	and `` The Pussycat Song '' .
The municipal unit has an area of 40.728 km .	Its population is about 4,300 .
Federal Aviation Administration records say the airport had 103,501 passenger boardings ( enplanements ) in 2013 .	The original Ithaca Municipal Airport was west of downtown Ithaca , near the inlet of Cayuga Lake .
Jailhouse Blues ( 1929 ) is a motion picture released by Columbia Pictures .	This musical short film features Mamie Smith , who was a top star in Black Vaudeville and a recording artist with Okeh Records , although by the time `` Jailhouse Blues '' was made her contract with Okeh had ended .
In `` Being and Time '' ( 1927 ; transl .	1962 ) , Martin Heidegger argues that the concept of time prevalent in all Western thought has largely remained unchanged since the definition offered by Aristotle in the `` Physics '' .
As a school of thought , the Yale School is more closely allied with the post-structuralist dimensions of deconstruction as opposed to its phenomenological dimensions .	Additionally , the Yale School is more similar to the 1970s version of deconstruction that John D. Caputo has described as a `` Nietzschean free play of signifiers '' and not the 1990s version of deconstruction that was far more concerned with political and ethical questions .
Terminus is a fictional planet at the edge of the Galaxy in Isaac Asimov 's `` Foundation Series '' , home of the Foundation ( later capital of the Foundation Federation ) .	Terminus is the sole planet orbiting an isolated star .
Saccharin derives its name from the word `` saccharine '' , meaning `` sugary '' .	The word saccharine is used figuratively , often in a derogative sense , to describe something `` unpleasantly over-polite '' or `` overly sweet '' .
Jackson Joseph Spielvogel is an associate professor emeritus at Pennsylvania State University .	His textbooks are commonly used in middle school , high school , and college Western Civilization classes .
His Arkansas brigade distinguished itself in the Red River campaign of 1864 , helping to drive the Union army from southern Arkansas .	James F. Fagan was born in Louisville , Kentucky .
He is a singer and multi-instrumentalist specialising in the Irish bouzouki .	Born in Australia in 1972 , James was the first child of Sydney-based folk singers Bob and Margaret Fagan .
Around the turn of the 20th century , the university began to expand significantly , hiring professors from eastern schools to teach in the newly organized professional colleges while also producing groundbreaking research in agricultural sciences .	The `` Nebraska method '' of ecological study developed here during this time pioneered grassland ecology and laid the foundation for research in theoretical ecology for the rest of the 20th century .
And how much . ''	The book explores how the small things affect people 's behavior and their lives .
In number theory , a natural number is called almost prime if there exists an absolute constant `` K '' such that the number has at most `` K '' prime factors .	An almost prime `` n '' is denoted by `` P '' if and only if the number of prime factors of `` n '' , counted according to multiplicity , is at most `` r '' .
A hedge or hedgerow is a line of closely spaced shrubs and sometimes trees , planted and trained to form a barrier or to mark the boundary of an area , such as between neighbouring properties .	Hedges used to separate a road from adjoining fields or one field from another , and of sufficient age to incorporate larger trees , are known as hedgerows .
The `` camera lucida '' performs an optical superimposition of the subject being viewed upon the surface upon which the artist is drawing .	The artist sees both scene and drawing surface simultaneously , as in a photographic double exposure .
The Massacre of Verden was an event during the Saxon Wars where the Frankish king Charlemagne ordered the death of 4,500 Saxons in October 782 .	Charlemagne claimed suzerainty over Saxony and in 772 destroyed the Irminsul , an important object in Saxon paganism , during his intermittent thirty-year campaign to Christianize the Saxons .
Kurt Freund ( 17 January 1914 – 23 October 1996 ) was a Czech-Canadian physician and sexologist best known for developing phallometry ( the objective measurement of sexual arousal in males ) , research studies in pedophilia , and for the `` courtship disorder '' hypothesis as a taxonomy of certain paraphilias ( voyeurism , exhibitionism , toucherism , frotteurism , and what he called `` preferential rape '' ) .	Freund was born into a German-speaking Jewish family in Chrudim , then part of Austrian Bohemia , later Czechoslovakia , now in the Czech Republic .
He specializes in the theoretical and experimental study of gravity and general relativity .	He is also an expert in the field of the astronomical reference frames and time metrology .
This market is directly adjacent to the Sacred Harbour .	The bases of a square and a round marble monument , both dedicated to Hermes , can be found in the center of the market square .
Caerphilly ( ; , ) is a town and community in South Wales , at the southern end of the Rhymney Valley .	It is the largest town in Caerphilly County Borough , within the historic borders of Glamorgan , on the border with Monmouthshire .
The most popular destination for emigration was the Brazilian Empire , where slavery remained legal .	Emperor Dom Pedro II wanted to encourage the cultivation of cotton .
Max Collins ( bass , lead vocals ) , Jon Siebels ( guitar , backing vocals ) , and Nick Meyers ( drums ) formed the band formed in 1995 in La Crescenta , California first as Yakoo , then Eleventeen ; the name Eve 6 was only adopted later .	The band issued the self-titled `` Eve 6 '' in 1998 , attaining platinum success with hit singles “ Inside Out ” and “ Leech , ” the former capturing the # 1 spot on the Modern Rock charts and crossing over successfully to pop/Top 40 radio .
Lawrence Sheriff ( or Sheriffe ) ( c. 1515 or 1516 – September 1567 ) was an Elizabethan gentleman and grocer to Elizabeth I who endowed Rugby School .	Not much is known about Lawrence Sheriff 's early life , but it thought that he was born either in a ( now long vanished ) house opposite St Andrew 's Church in Rugby , Warwickshire , or in an extant house in the nearby village of Brownsover .
Freezing food preserves it from the time it is prepared to the time it is eaten .	Since early times , farmers , fishermen , and trappers have preserved grains and produce in unheated buildings during the winter season .
Tomahawks were general-purpose tools used by Native Americans and later the European colonials with whom they traded , and often employed as a hand-to-hand or a thrown weapon .	The metal tomahawk heads were originally based on a Royal Navy boarding axe and used as a trade-item with Native Americans for food and other provisions .
Charles Willson Peale ( April 15 , 1741February 22 , 1827 ) was an American painter , soldier , scientist , inventor , politician and naturalist .	He is best remembered for his portrait paintings of leading figures of the American Revolution , and for establishing one of the first museums in the United States .
He became a part of the band after meeting bassist and lead vocalist Max Collins during Siebels ' freshman year in Crescenta Valley High School .	Siebels was part of a band called Monsters Are Waiting which played shows in the Los Angeles area before Siebels and another band member left the group .
The Temple of the Delians is the largest of the three cult temples dedicated to Apollo within the `` temenos '' of the Sanctuary of Apollo on the Greek island of Delos .	It is also known as the Great Temple or the Delian Temple of Apollo .
Anthony Edward `` Tony '' Fagenson ( born July 18 , 1978 ) is a producer , songwriter , and drummer who is best known for his work with rock band Eve 6 .	While attending the University of Southern California , he auditioned for La Crescenta , CA band Eleventeen ( eventually to become Eve 6 ) to replace their drummer .
Although President Alexander Lukashenko 's spokeswoman , Natalya Petkevich , said that a patient ( among those who died in the fire ) , described as a pyromaniac who had twice previously tried to set fire to the building , was responsible for the blaze , government investigators were also looking into staff carelessness as a possible cause .	Staff members , some of whom had been sleeping in a separate building on the campus , apparently tried to put the fire out and rescue patients themselves , waiting to call the fire department .
Vaccinia virus ( VACV or VV ) is a large , complex , enveloped virus belonging to the poxvirus family .	It has a linear , double-stranded DNA genome approximately 190 kbp in length , and which encodes approximately 250 genes .
Georges Auguste Escoffier ( ; 28 October 1846 – 12 February 1935 ) was a French chef , restaurateur and culinary writer who popularized and updated traditional French cooking methods .	Much of Escoffier 's technique was based on that of Marie-Antoine Carême , one of the codifiers of French `` haute cuisine '' , but Escoffier 's achievement was to simplify and modernize Carême 's elaborate and ornate style .
The MSS is composed of three components - the Space Station Remote Manipulator System ( SSRMS ) , known as Canadarm2 , the Mobile Remote Servicer Base System ( MBS ) and the Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator ( SPDM , also known as `` Dextre '' or `` Canada hand '' ) .	The system can move along rails on the Integrated Truss Structure on top of the US provided Mobile Transporter cart which hosts the MRS Base System .
The tricolour replaced an earlier design used by the Azerbaijan SSR .	The blue symbolizes Azerbaijan 's Turkic heritage , the red stands for progress , and the green represents Islam .
Dennis is a town in Barnstable County , Massachusetts , United States , located near the center of Cape Cod .	The population was 14,207 at the 2010 census .
Lastiri , who presided over the Argentine Chamber of Deputies , was promoted to the presidency of the country after Héctor Cámpora and Vicente Solano Lima resigned , he organized new elections and delivered the country 's government to Juan Perón , who won with over 60 % of the votes .	His brief tenure marked a turn towards right-wing policies and factions within the Peronist Party .
Occupation at the site dates to the Early Classic period ( AD 250–600 ) of Mesoamerican history .	Zaculeu was the capital of the Postclassic Mam kingdom , and was conquered by the K'iche ' Kingdom of Q'umarkaj .
A major figure of left-wing Peronism Cámpora served briefly as the 38th President of Argentina from 25 May until 13 July 1973 in order to arrange for Perón to run for president in an election he subsequently won .	Cámpora , affectionately known as `` el Tío '' ( the Uncle ) , was born as Héctor José Cámpora Demaestre on March 26 , 1909 , in the city of Mercedes , in the Province of Buenos Aires .
In 1951 he was sentenced to life imprisonment for his part in an attempted coup to overthrow Juan Perón .	He was released in 1955 with the Revolución Libertadora , a military uprising which ousted General Perón and set up a military dictatorship which was in power from 1955 to 1958 .
Levingston was born in San Luis Province , and graduated from the Colegio Militar de la Nación in 1941 .	His military expertise included intelligence and counterinsurgency , and he took the presidency of Argentina in a military coup that deposed Juan Carlos Onganía over his ineffective response to the Montoneros and other guerillas .
Juan Carlos Onganía Carballo ( ; March 17 , 1914 – June 8 , 1995 ) was `` de facto '' President of Argentina from 29 June 1966 to 8 June 1970 .	He rose to power as military dictator after toppling the president Arturo Illia in a coup d'état self-named `` Revolución Argentina '' ( Argentine Revolution ) .
He enrolled in the School of Medicine at the University of Buenos Aires in 1918 .	That year , he joined the movement for University reform in Argentina ( `` Reforma Universitaria '' ) , which first emerged in the city of Córdoba , and set the basis for a free , open and public university system less influenced by the Catholic Church .
Guido was elected to the Argentine Senate for Río Negro Province in 1958 , representing the Intransigent Radical Civic Union ( UCRI ) .	He was elected Provisional President of the Senate and became first in line to the Presidency following the resignation of Vice-President Alejandro Gómez .
Under his program of `` Developmentalism '' , he encouraged increased foreign investment in heavy industry , including motor vehicle production ; made the country self-sufficient in oil production , and increased public spending for loans to encourage business , and to develop infrastructure for electrical power .	He was a law professor who became active in left-wing politics as a young man , joining the Radical Civic Union ( UCR ) .
The island is made up of a sandy core of geestland and features an extended beach all along its west coast , facing the open North Sea .	The east coast instead borders to mud flats and tidal creeks of the Wadden Sea .
There are two types of sigmoidoscopy : flexible sigmoidoscopy , which uses a flexible endoscope , and rigid sigmoidoscopy , which uses a rigid device .	Flexible sigmoidoscopy is generally the preferred procedure .
He was kidnapped by the radical organization Montoneros on May 29 , 1970 and murdered , allegedly in retaliation for the June 1956 execution of General Juan José Valle , an army officer associated with the Peronist movement , and 26 Peronist militants after a botched attempt to overthrow his regime .	In September 1955 , Aramburu participated in a military coup called the `` '' Revolución Libertadora '' '' .
Returning to Argentina , he participated in the coup that overthrew Castillo .	He then was appointed military attache to Washington , DC around 1946 where he stayed for a few years .
Overflow National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in Ashley County , Arkansas managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service .	Overflow National Wildlife Refuge was created in 1980 .
In its most general context , the concept of good denotes that conduct which is to be or should be preferred when posed with a choice between a set of possible actions .	Good is generally considered to be the opposite of evil .
The refuge is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service .	The refuge features large numbers of migratory waterfowl and bald eagles during the winter months .
Emperor Yuan of Han ( 75 BC – 8 July 33 BC ) was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty .	He reigned from 48 to 33 BC .
A school district is a legally separate body corporate and politic .	School districts are local governments with powers similar to that of a town or a county including taxation and eminent domain , except in Virginia , whose school divisions have no taxing authority and must depend on another local government ( county , city , or town ) for funding .
U.S. Bank Tower , formerly Library Tower and First Interstate Bank World Center , is a skyscraper at 633 West Fifth Street in downtown Los Angeles , California , United States .	It is the third-tallest building in California , the second-tallest building in Los Angeles , the fifteenth-tallest in the United States , the third-tallest west of the Mississippi River after the Salesforce Tower and the Wilshire Grand Center , and the 92nd-tallest building in the world , after being surpassed by the Wilshire Grand Center .
Corruptions and greedy officials continued to plague the government and as a result rebellions broke out throughout the country .	Emperor Cheng died childless after a reign of 26 years ( both of his sons by concubines died in infancy , one of them starved to death ) and was succeeded by his nephew Emperor Ai of Han .
The preservation of habitat for waterfowl in an intensely agricultural region is the primary purpose of the refuge .	6,400 acres ( 20 km² ) of Big Lake is classified as a National Natural Landmark and 2,144 acres ( 8 km² ) are classified as wilderness .
The population of the parish had reduced to 20,409 at the 2011 Census .	It is served by a commuter main line railway and is from London Charing Cross .
Invasion of the Booty Snatchers is the second studio album by the P-Funk spin off group Parlet .	Released in 1979 , this was the final Parlet album to feature Mallia Franklin ( on three songs ) and the first to feature Janice Evans ( on two songs ) .
Richard Kern ( born 1954 ) is an American underground filmmaker , writer and photographer .	He first came to prominence as part of the cultural explosion in the East Village of New York City in the 1980s , with erotic and experimental films like `` The Right Side of My Brain '' and `` Fingered '' , which featured personalities of the time such as Lydia Lunch , David Wojnarowicz , Sonic Youth , Kembra Pfahler , Karen Finley and Henry Rollins .
The album was released by Casablanca Records in 1980 and was produced by George Clinton and Ron Dunbar .	Like many albums released by the label during this year , it would be totally ignored in terms of promotion due to the label being bought by Polygram Records ( now Universal Music ) .
Pond Creek is made up of various oxbow lakes , sloughs , and bottomlands hardwood areas along the Little and Cossatot Rivers .	Pond Creek was created in order to protect the wetland and bottomland hardwood habitat and to serve as a habitat for neo-tropical migratory birds .
The main thoroughfare through this neighborhood is Eastern Parkway , a tree-lined boulevard designed by Frederick Law Olmsted extending east–west .	Originally , the area was known as Crow Hill .
The term derives from the Latin word `` pinna '' meaning `` feather '' , `` wing '' , or `` fin '' .	A similar concept is pectination , which is a comb-like arrangement of parts ( arising from one side of an axis only ) .
Kotero was born in Santa Monica , California , the daughter of emigrants from Mexico , the eldest of six children .	Her father , Victor , was a restaurant manager , and her mother , Socorro , was a caregiver for the elderly .
Initially drawn from within the British Army from soldiers who volunteered for the Special Service Brigade , the Commandos ' ranks would eventually be filled by members of all branches of the British Armed Forces and a number of foreign volunteers from German-occupied countries .	By the end of the war 25,000 men had passed through the Commando course at Achnacarry .
The word `` gutta-percha '' comes from the plant 's name in Malay , `` getah perca '' , which translates as `` percha latex '' .	Palaquium gutta trees are 5–30 m tall and up to 1 m in trunk diameter .
From ArenaBowl XIX in 2005 until ArenaBowl XXII in 2008 , the game was played at a neutral site .	When the AFL returned from a bankruptcy-induced hiatus in 2010 , the original format was used for this and the next season ; for 2012 and 2013 , the game returned to being played at a neutral site .
As the strategic situation in the theatre turned against the Allies , however , the commandos were largely diverted from their original role and were used primarily to reinforce regular troops throughout the Mediterranean theatre .	Elements of the force saw action in Bardia , Crete , Syria and Tobruk before they were disbanded in August 1941 .
It is set in the fictional town of O-Town .	Throughout its run , the show was controversial for its adult humor , including double entendre , innuendo , and satirical social commentary , similar to `` The Ren & Stimpy Show '' .
On each occasion a papal master of ceremonies would fall to his knees before the pope , holding a silver or brass reed , bearing a tow of smoldering flax .	For three times in succession , as the cloth burned away , he would say in a loud and mournful voice , `` Pater Sancte , sic transit gloria mundi ! ''
Often they cause no symptoms .	Occasionally they may produce bloating , lower abdominal pain , or lower back pain .
A deed ( anciently `` an evidence '' ) is any legal instrument in writing which passes , affirms or confirms an interest , right , or property and that is signed , attested , delivered , and in some jurisdictions , sealed .	It is commonly associated with transferring ( conveyancing ) title to property .
Coats typically have long sleeves and are open down the front , closing by means of buttons , zippers , hook-and-loop fasteners , toggles , a belt , or a combination of some of these .	Other possible features include collars , shoulder straps and hoods .
The refuge was once a bend in the Mississippi River .	It is a migration stopover for warblers and other neo-tropical birds .
The ancient Roman goddess Libertas was honored during the second Punic War by a temple erected on the Aventine Hill in Rome by the father of Tiberius Gracchus .	A statue in her honor also was raised by Clodius on the site of Marcus Tullius Cicero 's house after it had been razed .
The 10th grade is the second year of a student 's high school period ( usually aged 15–16 ) and is referred to as sophomore year .	In `` How to Read a Book '' , the Aristotelean philosopher and founder of the `` Great Books of the Western World '' program Mortimer Adler says , `` There have always been literate ignoramuses , who have read too widely , and not well .
Other types of suit still worn today are the `` dinner suit '' , part of black tie , which arose as a lounging alternative to dress coats in much the same way as the day lounge suit came to replace frock coats and morning coats ; and , rarely worn today , the morning suit .	This article discusses the lounge suit ( including business suits ) , elements of informal dress code .
White River NWR borders on Cache River National Wildlife Refuge at its northern boundary .	In 2013 , the FWS proposed the gradual expansion of the refuge up to a maximum of .
George V 's reign was ended during the Unification of Germany .	Prince George of Cumberland was born on 27 May 1819 in Berlin , the only son of Prince Ernest Augustus , Duke of Cumberland — the fifth son of George III — and his wife , Princess Frederica of Mecklenburg-Strelitz .
Today , viewers can watch local , regional and national news programming , in many different ways , any time of the day .	Lowell Thomas hosted the first-ever , regularly scheduled news broadcast on television in 1940 which was simply a simulcast of his nightly NBC network radio newscast , with the television broadcast seen only in New York City over pioneer NBC television station WNBT ( now WNBC ) .
Along the way , the horse neighed , making Zhaojun extremely sad and unable to control her emotions .	As she sat on the saddle , she began to play sorrowful melodies on a stringed instrument .
Founded on 11 November 1878 by the City of London and 16 livery companies – to develop a national system of technical education , the Institute has been operating under Royal Charter ( RC117 ) , granted by Queen Victoria , since 1900 .	The Prince of Wales , later King Edward VII , was appointed the first President of the Institute .
The word derives from the Italian ' , which , in turn , is derived from the Italian ' – a joke , ridicule or mockery .	Burlesque overlaps in meaning with caricature , parody and travesty , and , in its theatrical sense , with extravaganza , as presented during the Victorian era .
However , most of the novel focuses on future south-east Asian politics ( Egan criticizes Indonesian imperialism and Australian treatment of refugees ) , repressed childhood guilt , evolutionary biology and academic life .	As often in Egan 's books , there is some focus on sexuality : this is one of the few times the lead character is gay .
Rosie Douglas was the son of the late Robert Bernard Douglas , a wealthy businessman , coconut farmer , and conservative politician who named his boys after world statesmen ( he had brothers named Eisenhower , Attlee , and Adenauer ) .	He was schooled in Dominica 's capital , Roseau , before being accepted to study agriculture at the Ontario Agricultural College in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
It was originally designed by Pierre Eugene du Simitiere in 1777 and was modified slightly in 1928 .	The seal is the central motif in the flag of New Jersey and the great seal of the state of New Jersey .
Pierre Charles ( 30 June 1954 – 6 January 2004 ) was Prime Minister of Dominica from 2000 to 2004 as well as Member of Parliament for Grand Bay , Dominica from 1985 until his death .	Charles was born in Grand Bay in Saint Patrick parish .
degree in 1960 .	He was called to the bar at Inner Temple in 1961 .
Wichita is an extinct Caddoan language once spoken in Oklahoma by the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes .	The last fluent heritage speaker , Doris Lamar-McLemore , died in 2016 , although in 2007 there were three first-language speakers alive .
Following the declaration of secession by South Carolina on December 20 , 1860 , its authorities demanded that the U.S. Army abandon its facilities in Charleston Harbor .	On December 26 , Major Robert Anderson of the U.S. Army surreptitiously moved his small command from the vulnerable Fort Moultrie on Sullivan 's Island to Fort Sumter , a substantial fortress built on an island controlling the entrance of Charleston Harbor .
Clive Charles Hamilton AM FRSA ( born 12 March 1953 ) is an Australian public intellectual and Professor of Public Ethics at the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics ( CAPPE ) and the Vice-Chancellor 's Chair in Public Ethics at Charles Sturt University .	He is a member of the Board of the Climate Change Authority of the Australian Government , and is the Founder and former Executive Director of The Australia Institute .
George Ervin `` Sonny '' Perdue III ( born December 20 , 1946 ) is an American veterinarian , businessman , and politician currently serving as the 31st United States Secretary of Agriculture since 2017 .	He previously served as the 81st Governor of Georgia from 2003 to 2011 .
Henry won re-election for a second term on November 7 , 2006 with 66 % of the vote .	Henry was the third governor and second Democrat in Oklahoma history to hold two consecutive terms , along with Democrat George Nigh and Republican Frank Keating .
In 1974 at the University of Tulsa , Largent had 884 yards receiving and 14 touchdown catches .	In 1975 , he had 51 catches for 1,000 yards and 14 touchdown catches .
Verve also served as the original home of rock music acts such as The Velvet Underground , Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention .	The restructured Verve Records is now part of the Verve Label Group , which is owned by Universal Music Group .
James Edward Doyle Jr. ( born November 23 , 1945 ) is an American lawyer , politician , and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 44th Governor of Wisconsin , serving from January 6 , 2003 to January 3 , 2011 .	He defeated incumbent Governor Scott McCallum by a margin of 45 percent to 41 percent ; the Libertarian Party candidate Ed Thompson carried 10 percent of the vote .
Emperor Ai of Han ( 27 BC – 15 August 1 BC ) was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty .	He ascended the throne when he was 20 , having been made heir by his childless uncle Emperor Cheng , and he reigned from 7 to 1 BC .
A member of the Republican Party , he was the 43rd Governor of Wisconsin , serving from 2001 to 2003 .	Prior to assuming the role of governor upon the appointment of Tommy Thompson as Secretary of Health and Human Services , McCallum served as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and as the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin .
The book argues that the policies of unfettered capitalism pursued by the west for the last 50 years has largely failed , since the underlying purpose of the creation of wealth is happiness , and Hamilton claims that people in general are no happier now than 50 years ago , despite the huge increase in personal wealth .	Hamilton goes on to claim that the pursuit of growth has become a fetish , pursued at a tremendous cost in terms of the environment , erosion of democracy , and the values of society as a whole .
North Dakota State University of Agriculture and Applied Sciences , more commonly known as North Dakota State University ( NDSU ) , is a public research university in Fargo , North Dakota .	The institution was founded as North Dakota Agricultural College in 1890 as the research land-grant institution for the state of North Dakota .
This is useful in the study of developmental biology and in understanding and treating genetic diseases .	Gene amplification is a procedure in which a certain gene or DNA sequence is replicated many times in a process called DNA replication .
He is one of only two players in NFL history to have won five Super Bowls ( along with defensive player Charles Haley ) , and he is the only player to have won them all with a single franchise .	Because of his numerous accomplishments and accolades , many analysts and sportswriters consider Brady to be among the greatest quarterbacks of all time .
It can also refer to a 17th-century religious thesis about ethics , or a modern physical-philosophical thesis .	In ancient Greek philosophy , probabilism referred to the doctrine which gives assistance in ordinary matters to one who is skeptical in respect of the possibility of real knowledge : it supposes that though knowledge is impossible , a man may rely on strong beliefs in practical affairs .
Emperor Ping ( 9 BC – 3 February 6 CE ) was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty from 1 BC to AD 5 .	After Emperor Ai died childless , the throne was passed to his cousin Emperor Ping—then a child of eight years old .
Houghton College is a Christian liberal arts college in Houghton , New York .	It is affiliated with the Wesleyan Church .
Boutros Ghali studied Arabic , Turkish , Persian , English and French .	After graduation , Ghali became a teacher at the patriarchal school .
Simeon 's successful campaigns against the Byzantines , Magyars and Serbs led Bulgaria to its greatest territorial expansion ever , making it the most powerful state in contemporary Eastern Europe .	His reign was also a period of unmatched cultural prosperity and enlightenment later deemed the Golden Age of Bulgarian culture .
In 2003 the city had a population of about 68,000 people .	It is on the border of the central highlands and the Pacific coastal plain .
The company traces its heritage back to the early 1900s and oil entrepreneur Henry Latham Doherty .	After quickly climbing the ladder of success in the manufactured gas and electric utility world , Doherty in 1910 created Cities Service Company to supply gas and electricity to small public utilities .
Among the oldest and most important medical papyri of ancient Egypt , it was purchased at Luxor ( Thebes ) in the winter of 1873–74 by Georg Ebers .	It is currently kept at the library of the University of Leipzig , in Germany .
Theridiid spiders are entelegyne ( have a genital plate in the female ) araneomorph ecribellate ( use sticky capture silk instead of woolly silk ) spiders that often build tangle space webs and have a comb of serrated bristles ( setae ) on the tarsus of the fourth leg .	The family includes some model organisms for research , for example , the genus `` Latrodectus '' , the medically important widow spiders .
It is populated by about 30,000 people distributed within an area of 382.8 km² .	In 1536 Omoa was a small `` pueblo de indios '' allocated in repartimiento by Pedro de Alvarado to Luis del Puerto along with the nearby Indian town of Chachaguala .
It grew rapidly in the twentieth century , thanks to the then railroad , and banana production .	In terms of volume of traffic the seaport is the largest in Central America and the 36th largest in the world .
Two major types of histone methyltranferases exist , lysine-specific ( which can be SET ( Su ( var ) 3-9 , Enhancer of Zeste , Trithorax ) domain containing or non-SET domain containing ) and arginine-specific .	In both types of histone methyltransferases , S-Adenosyl methionine ( SAM ) serves as a cofactor and methyl donor group .
The accent often extends through neighbouring areas	and across the Liverpool City Region , including Birkenhead and the wider Wirral Peninsula , as well as Ellesmere Port , Chester , Runcorn and Widnes in Cheshire and Skelmersdale in Lancashire .
He received his bachelor 's degree in 1605 from Cambridge .	Ravenscroft 's principal contributions are his collections of folk music , including catches , rounds , street cries , vendor songs , `` freeman 's songs '' and other anonymous music , in three collections : `` Pammelia '' ( 1609 ) , `` Deuteromelia '' or `` The Seconde Part of Musicks Melodie '' ( 1609 ) and `` Melismata '' ( 1611 ) , which contains one of the best-known works in his collections , The Three Ravens .
She entered service in 1884 and was decommissioned and sold to a civilian company in 1921 .	She then served as sand and gravel barge in Brisbane until the 1950s , when she was scrapped .
Bull Shoals-White River State Park is a Arkansas state park in Baxter and Marion Counties , Arkansas in the United States .	Containing one of the nation 's best trout-fishing streams , the park entered the system in 1955 after the United States Army Corps of Engineers built Bull Shoals Dam on the White River .
The park is characterized by rolling wooded hills , deep draws , and steeply sloping ridges .	Cane Creek State Park offers many different opportunities for outdoor fun such as kayaking , fishing , mountain biking , backpacking , hiking , and geocaching .
The W ( Western and Paddington ) postcode area , also known as the London W postcode area is a group of postcode districts covering part of central and part of west London , England .	The area originates from the Western ( W1 ) and Paddington ( W2-14 ) districts of the London postal district .
Located on the former cotton plantation grounds of James Sevier Conway , the cemetery serves as Conway 's final resting place .	No recreational or visitors ' amenities are available at the historic site .
Born in Hamakita , Kawakami was a graduate of Takachiho College of Commerce .	He started working for Yamaha in 1937 , where his father , Kaichi Kawakami had been the president since 1927 .
It is a migrant moving in winter to tropical Africa and the Indian Subcontinent .	The scientific name is from Latin .
It is a long-distance migrant moving in winter to Africa , south and east Asia and west coast United States .	It is a vagrant to western Europe .
The word originated in South Asia in the 17th century and meant day labourer but since the 20th century , the word means porters at railway stations .	Bollywood movies celebrating coolies were made in 1975 , 1983 and 1995 .
Focus is also given to McNamara/Troy 's anesthesiologist Dr. Liz Cruz , Christian 's many sexual partners , and Sean 's family .	With the exception of the pilot , each episode of the series is named after the patient ( s ) scheduled to receive plastic surgery .
It is a long-distance migrant , moving in winter to Indonesia .	Rarely in September and October , the Pechora pipit may be observed in western Europe .
Historically , the cities of Ōme , Fussa , Hamura , and Akiruno were part of Nishitama District but these have currently broken off from the district after they were elevated to city status .	Each of the towns and villages operate separate public elementary and junior high school systems .
Because of their widespread occurrence in water and plant seeds such as dicots , the pseudomonads were observed early in the history of microbiology .	The generic name `` Pseudomonas '' created for these organisms was defined in rather vague terms by Walter Migula in 1894 and 1900 as a genus of Gram-negative , rod-shaped and polar-flagellated bacteria with some sporulating species , the latter statement was later proved incorrect and was due to refractive granules of reserve materials .
The mainland has a relatively flat terrain , which is used to grow rice .	Langkawi is an archipelago of islands , most of which are uninhabited .
It is resident in the milder parts of its range , such as western Europe , but northern and eastern populations migrate to Africa and south Asia .	It is a slender 15–16 cm long bird , with the characteristic long , constantly wagging tail of its genus .
Maya ceramics are ceramics produced in the Pre-Columbian Maya culture of Mesoamerica .	The vessels used different shapes , colors , sizes , and had varied purposes .
USS `` Randolph '' ( CV/CVA/CVS-15 ) was one of 24 s built during World War II for the United States Navy .	The second US Navy ship to bear the name , she was named for Peyton Randolph , president of the First Continental Congress .
The citrine wagtail ( `` Motacilla citreola '' ) is a small songbird in the family Motacillidae .	The term `` citrine '' refers to its yellowish colouration .
Its population at the end of 2017 was 40,421 .	The town is located on the south side of the Taunus hills , 17 km west of Frankfurt and 17 km east of both Wiesbaden and Mainz ; Frankfurt Airport is 12 km to the south .
When he left school Felix began working with his father and training as a surveyor and civil engineer .	This was interrupted , however , in 1826 as a result of the scandal surrounding his brothers , Edward Gibbon and William Wakefield and also his stepmother .
Jón Leifs was born `` Jón Þorleifsson , '' at the farm Sólheimar , then in the Austur-Húnavatnssýsla , northwestern Iceland .	He left for Germany in 1916 to study at the Leipzig Conservatory .
From 1999 to 2016 , it took place at the Baltimore Convention Center in Baltimore , Maryland 's Inner Harbor district ; in 2017 , it moved to the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington , D.C .	The convention focuses on East Asian popular culture ( primarily anime , manga , music , and cinema ) and its fandom .
The discs were manufactured by first sandwiching printed illustrations around a core of aluminum , then coating both sides with clear vinyl upon which the grooves were stamped .	The company went out of business the following year , having released between 67 and 74 double-sided 78 rpm gramophone records .
Tsang joined the colonial civil service as an Executive Officer in 1967 , occupying various positions in local administration , finance and trade before he was appointed Financial Secretary of Hong Kong in 1995 , becoming the first ethnic Chinese to hold the position under British administration .	He continued to serve in the Hong Kong SAR government after 1997 and gained his reputation internationally for his intervention in Hong Kong 's stock market in defending the Hong Kong dollar 's peg to the US dollar during the 1997 financial crisis .
The reservation is located near Pendleton , Oregon , at the base of the Blue Mountains .	The Cayuse called themselves the Liksiyu in the Cayuse language .
George Lewis ( born Joseph Louis Francois Zenon , July 13 , 1900 – December 31 , 1968 ) was an American jazz clarinetist who achieved his greatest fame and influence in the later decades of his life .	Lewis was born in the French Quarter of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Iberia , ruled by the Pharnavazid , Arsacid and Chosroid royal dynasties , together with Colchis to its west , would form the nucleus of the unified medieval Kingdom of Georgia under the Bagrationi dynasty .	In the 4th century , after the Christianization of Iberia by Saint Nino during the reign of King Mirian III , Christianity was made the state religion of the kingdom .
She went on to star in the films `` Revenge '' ( 1990 ) , `` Unlawful Entry '' ( 1992 ) , `` The Last of the Mohicans '' ( 1992 ) , `` Blink '' ( 1993 ) , `` Bad Girls '' ( 1994 ) , `` China Moon '' ( 1994 ) , `` 12 Monkeys '' ( 1995 ) , `` The General ’ s Daughter '' ( 1999 ) , and `` We Were Soldiers '' ( 2002 ) .	For her role in the 1993 independent film `` Short Cuts '' , she won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Several others were nominated , including The Resignation of a Lost Love by Orestes Felicius in 2007 .	The most viewed Czech film ever is `` The Proud Princess '' from 1952 .
Even if these clubs tended to display a heavy sexual connotation , some critics are reluctant to classify them as brothels .	Rictor Norton , for example , argues that the regular customers could have been in fact mutual friends , at least at the beginning , since consistent evidence concerning male prostitution seems to be insufficient until the 1780s .
His family moved to New Orleans when he was about 10 years of age .	His older brother , Willard Foster , began playing banjo and guitar ; George started out on a cello then switched to string bass .
The history of orthodontics has been intimately linked with the history of dentistry for more than 2000 years .	Dentistry had its origins as a part of medicine .
Ace Ventura : Pet Detective is a 1994 American comedy film starring Jim Carrey as Ace Ventura , an animal detective who is tasked with finding the abducted dolphin who is the mascot of the US football team Miami Dolphins .	The film was directed by Tom Shadyac , who wrote the screenplay with Jack Bernstein .
He was also the 1st Prince Murat , Grand Duke of Berg from 1806 to 1808 , and King of Naples from 1808 to 1815 .	Murat received his titles in part by being Napoleon 's brother-in-law through marriage to his younger sister , Caroline Bonaparte , as well as personal merit .
This little guy came out of Chicago , Earl Hines .	He changed the style of the piano .
The Yiftach Brigade ( also known as the Yiftah Brigade , the 11th Brigade in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War ) was an Israeli infantry brigade .	It included two Palmach battalions ( the 1st and 7th ) , and later also the 2nd , which was transferred from the Negev Brigade .
Often flooded in the spring , and affected by drought in midsummer , alvars support a distinctive group of prairie-like plants .	Most alvars occur either in northern Europe or around the Great Lakes in North America .
Zilpah is given to Leah as a handmaid by Leah 's father , Laban , upon Leah 's marriage to Jacob ( see , ) .	According to the early rabbinical commentary Pirke De-Rabbi Eliezer , Zilpah and Bilhah , the handmaids of Leah and Rachel , respectively , were actually younger daughters of Laban .
He has appeared in TV shows such as `` Breaking Bad , '' `` The X-Files '' , `` King of the Hill '' , `` The Flash '' , and `` Sons of Anarchy '' .	Trejo was born in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , to Mexican parents .
The 12th Negev Brigade ( , `` Hativat HaNegev '' ) is an Israeli reserve infantry brigade under the Sinai Division , that originally served in the 1948 Arab-Israeli war .	The brigade was founded in March 1948 with two battalions , the 2nd and 8th .
The founding of the IBFI resulted from a controversy involving Arlington Baptist College of Arlington , Texas , an affiliate of the World Baptist Fellowship ( WBF ) after Raymond W. Barber , then President of the WBF , lost a lawsuit against the college .	The lawsuit was an attempt to force the Arlington Baptist College to recognize its parent/child relationship to the WBF , revert to its original name , Bible Baptist Seminary , and return to the original intent of its founders , J. Frank Norris and Louis Entzminger .
Through the 1960s , researchers used `` closed marriage '' to indicate the practices of communities and cultures where individuals were intended to marry based upon social conventions and proscriptions , and `` open marriage '' where individuals had the ability to make their own choice of spouse .	Nena O'Neill and George O'Neill changed the meaning of the term with the 1972 publication of their book `` Open Marriage '' .
The China News Service ( ) is the second largest state-owned news agency in China , after the Xinhua News Agency .	It serves mainly overseas Chinese and residents of Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan .
Euronext N.V. is a European stock exchange operator with its registered office in Amsterdam and other markets operated in Brussels , London , Lisbon , Dublin , and Paris .	In addition to cash and derivatives markets , the Euronext group provides listing market data , market solutions , custody and settlement services .
If the conjecture is false , a counterexample would take the form of a graph with minimum degree three having no power-of-two cycles .	It is known through computer searches of Gordon Royle and Klas Markström that any counterexample must have at least 17 vertices , and any cubic counterexample must have at least 30 vertices .
Beginning as early as 507 BC ( Fifth-century Athens ) , the Athenians gathered on the Pnyx to host their popular assemblies , thus making the hill one of the earliest and most important sites in the creation of democracy .	The Pnyx is located less than west of the Acropolis and 1.6 km south-west of the centre of Athens , Syntagma Square .
Grease is a 1978 American musical romantic comedy film based on the 1971 musical of the same name by Jim Jacobs and Warren Casey .	Written by Bronte Woodard and directed by Randal Kleiser in his theatrical feature film debut , the film depicts the lives of greaser Danny Zuko and Australian transfer student Sandy Olsson who develop an attraction for each other .
He was the spokesperson for President Hamid Karzai , and Chief of Presidential Media , Office of the President , during the interim administration .	Subsequently , he was appointed as a Minister of Irrigation , Water Resources , and Environment during the transitional period of Afghan government .
Grote Reber ( December 22 , 1911 – December 20 , 2002 ) was a pioneer of radio astronomy , which combined his interests in amateur radio and amateur astronomy .	He was instrumental in investigating and extending Karl Jansky 's pioneering work , and conducted the first sky survey in the radio frequencies .
Kinyarwanda ( or ) , known as Urufumbira in Kisoro , Uganda , is an official language of Rwanda and a dialect of the Rwanda-Rundi language spoken by at least 12 million people in Rwanda , Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjacent parts of southern Uganda ( Kirundi dialect is the official language of neighbouring Burundi ) .	Kinyabwisha and Kinyamulenge are the mutually intelligible dialects spoken in North Kivu and South Kivu provinces of neighbouring DR Congo .
This disease belongs to the group of diseases called helminthiases .	Eight known filarial nematodes use humans as their definitive hosts .
It is used in the treatment of schizophrenia .	It is classified chemically as a phenylindole derivative .
The process is highly sensitive to temperature variations : A heated water bath is mandatory to stabilize the temperature at 100.0 °F ( 37.8 °C ) for the first developer and first wash to maintain process tolerances .	The E-6 process superseded Kodak 's E-3 and E-4 processes .
The conflict had its roots in grievances over the government 's economic policies concerning natural gas , as well as coca eradication policies , corruption and violent military responses against strikes .	On a larger scale , it can be traced to Bolivia 's colonization since the 15th century and the subsequent exploitation of its natural resources ( e.g. , the mines of Potosí ) .
The ankle includes three joints : the ankle joint proper or talocrural joint , the subtalar joint , and the inferior tibiofibular joint .	The movements produced at this joint are dorsiflexion and plantarflexion of the foot .
The Great Goddess of Teotihuacan ( or Teotihuacan Spider Woman ) is a proposed goddess of the pre-Columbian Teotihuacan civilization ( ca .	100 BCE - 700 CE ) , in what is now Mexico .
Robert Eugene Ward ( September 13 , 1917 – April 3 , 2013 ) was an American composer .	Ward was born in Cleveland , Ohio , one of five children of the owner of a moving and storage company .
The plan was originally conceived in 1999 by the administrations of Colombian President Andrés Pastrana and US President Bill Clinton , and signed into law by the U.S in 2000 .	The official objectives of Plan Colombia were to end the Colombian armed conflict by increasing funding and training of Colombian military and para-military forces and creating an anti-cocaine strategy to eradicate coca cultivation , though critics claim this largely served as a cover to increase U.S. military presence and protect U.S. corporate interests in the region .
First , for known target functions approximation theory is the branch of numerical analysis that investigates how certain known functions ( for example , special functions ) can be approximated by a specific class of functions ( for example , polynomials or rational functions ) that often have desirable properties ( inexpensive computation , continuity , integral and limit values , etc .	) .
Bartlet 's tenure as a Democratic President of the United States is a preeminent aspect of the series .	His origin as a recurring character evolved due to Sheen 's acting finesse ; creator Aaron Sorkin and fellow West Wing writers shaped Bartlet 's role within the show accordingly .
Walden was born in Louisiana on February 13 , 1950 , and raised in Houston , Texas .	He graduated from Lamar High School in Houston in 1967 .
The town 's railway station is served by South Western Railway , with services between London Waterloo and Portsmouth , and there is a small commercial district with service and retail amenities .	The south branch of the River Wey rises to the south of the town , on Blackdown , West Sussex .
On radio , he was able to quell rumors and explain his policies .	His tone and demeanor communicated self-assurance during times of despair and uncertainty .
The M2 is a motorway in Kent , England .	It is 25.7 miles ( 41.4 km ) long and acts as a bypass of the section of the A2 road which runs through the Medway Towns , Sittingbourne and Faversham .
He was promoted to Tewfik 's cabinet and began reforms of Egypt 's military and civil administrations , but the demonstrations in Alexandria of 1882 prompted a British bombardment and invasion that deposed ‘ Urabi and his allies in favor of a British occupation .	He was born in 1841 in the village of Hirriyat Razna near Zagazig in the Sharqia Governorate , approximately 80 kilometres to the north of Cairo .
It begins at Dublin Port , running northward through the Dublin Port Tunnel and along a portion of the Airport Motorway .	It then turns west at its junction with the M1 , circling the northern , western and southern suburbs of Dublin , before merging with the M11 at Shankill in South East Dublin .
The company also went on to produce content for a few animated spots and commercials .	It won several awards , including an Annie Award for Best Animated Short Subject , for the Björk music video `` I Miss You '' .
Relayer is the seventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes , released in November 1974 by Atlantic Records .	After keyboardist Rick Wakeman left the group in May 1974 over disagreements with the band 's direction , Yes entered rehearsals as four-piece at bassist Chris Squire 's home in Virginia Water , Surrey .
Between Sprucefield and Carrickcarnan the road forms part of the European route E01 .	The A1 is fully dual carriageway but some junctions remain relatively low specification as they necessitate right-turning movements across the central reservation .
They have been subsequently extended to more general classes of process culminating in the general form of Lenglart ( 1977 ) .	Girsanov 's theorem is important in the general theory of stochastic processes since it enables the key result that if `` Q '' is a measure absolutely continuous with respect to `` P '' then every `` P '' -semimartingale is a `` Q '' -semimartingale .
He emigrated to Canada in 1967 , teaching in Hope , British Columbia and Toronto but returned to Oxford in 1970 to work on a doctorate .	He died shortly afterwards of a drug overdose .
The project is run by the U.S. National Library of Medicine ( NLM ) under the direction of Michael J. Ackerman .	Planning began in 1986 ; the data set of the male was completed in November 1994 and the one of the female in November 1995 .
This route has always been of importance as a connection between the British capital of London and sea trade routes to Continental Europe .	It was formerly known as the Dover Road .
It is historically known as the Bath Road with newer sections including the Great West Road and Portway .	The road was once the main route from London to Bath and the west of England and formed , after the A40 , the second main western artery from London .
She developed her techniques in Rome , Italy , before patenting a safe non-toxic paint in 1931 .	After developing her expressive medium for children , Shaw devoted her attention to the therapeutic benefits of finger-painting .
By the late 1940s , Lake 's career began to decline , due in part to her alcoholism .	She made only one film in the 1950s , but made several guest appearances on television .
Patrick Jacques Roy ( ; born October 5 , 1965 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender and the former head coach and vice-president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .	He is currently the general manager and head coach of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) .
Monochloramine ( chloramine ) is an inorganic compound with the formula NHCl .	It is an unstable colorless liquid at its melting point of , but it is usually handled as a dilute aqueous solution , in which form it is sometimes used as a disinfectant .
Melchora Aquino de Ramos ( 6 January 1812 – 2 March 1919 ) was a Filipina revolutionary who became known as `` Tandang Sora '' ( `` Elder Sora '' ) because of her age during the Philippine Revolution .	She was known as the `` Grand Woman of the Revolution '' and the `` Mother of Balintawak '' for her contributions .
His father was a music teacher , and young Luis learned to play guitar , piano , and violin .	He began playing professionally , accompanying silent films by 1917 and later at a casino in Colón .
A former military instructor and test pilot , Collins was the first female pilot and first female commander of a Space Shuttle .	She was awarded several medals for her work .
Bronze Age Karkisa are first mentioned as having aided the Assuwa League against the Hittite King Tudhaliya I .	Later in 1323 BC , King Arnuwandas II was able to write to Karkiya for them to provide asylum for the deposed Manapa-Tarhunta of `` the land of the Seha River '' , one of the principalities within the Luwian Arzawa complex in western Anatolia .
In many parts the route follows that of the Roman Iter II route which later took the Anglo-Saxon name Watling Street .	The section of the A5 between London and Shrewsbury is roughly contiguous with one of the principal Roman roads in Britain : that between `` Londinium '' and `` Deva '' , which diverges from the present-day A5 corridor at Wroxeter ( `` Viroconium Cornoviorum '' ) near Shrewsbury .
Fulgence Charpentier , OC ( June 29 , 1897 – February 6 , 2001 ) was a French Canadian journalist , editor and publisher .	Born in Sainte-Anne-de-Prescott , Ontario , Charpentier 's career included diplomatic , political and bureaucratic positions , but his first love had been journalism ever since he began his reporting career at Montreal 's `` Le Devoir '' in 1915 , during which he earned $ 20 a week .
The show is one of ten `` Disney Afternoon '' shows to use established Disney characters as the main characters , with the others being `` Darkwing Duck '' , `` DuckTales '' , `` '' , `` Goof Troop '' , `` Bonkers '' , `` Quack Pack '' , `` Aladdin '' , `` Timon & Pumbaa '' and `` Jungle Cubs '' .	It is also one of the two animated television series based on `` The Jungle Book '' along with `` Jungle Cubs '' .
This lack of direct evidence leads to several different archaeological interpretations .	Dance was a central component of social , religious , and political endeavors for the ancient Maya .
In the relational model of databases , a candidate key of a relation is a minimal superkey for that relation ; that is , a set of attributes such that :	Candidate keys are also variously referred to as primary keys , secondary keys or alternate keys .
The A6 is one of the main historic north–south roads in England .	It currently runs from Luton in Bedfordshire to Carlisle in Cumbria , although it formerly started at a junction with the A1 at Barnet .
Endowed with a spotted coat and well adapted for the jungle , hunting either in the trees or water , making it one of the few felines tolerant of water , the jaguar was , and remains , revered among the indigenous Americans who live closely with the jaguar .	All major Mesoamerican civilizations prominently featured a jaguar god , and for many , such as the Olmec , the jaguar was an important part of shamanism .
They would have to be resettled .	In the end Sudan 's land near the area of Lake Nasser was mostly flooded by the lake .
It was part of the National Front with the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) and a bloc party until 1989 .	It contested the free elections in 1990 as an arm of the West German Christian Democratic Union , into which it merged after German reunification later that same year .
His first biographer argued that Gzowski 's contribution to Canadian media must be considered in the context of efforts by a generation of Canadian nationalists to understand and express Canada 's cultural identity .	Gzowski wrote books , hosted television shows , and worked at a number of newspapers and at `` Maclean 's '' magazine .
Linda lives in an alternate timeline in which proposition 187 has transformed California in to a police state ruled by right-wing fundamendalist groups , which enact the removal of equal employment and affirmative action policies .	People of color are consistently denied civil rights while racist hate groups are allowed to proliferate throughout the state .
The book has been translated into Japanese , French , Spanish , Italian , Russian , and Chinese .	The book features nanotechnology , which Richard Feynman had discussed in his 1959 speech There 's Plenty of Room at the Bottom .
Beginning in the 19th century , the Qajar dynasty found itself in a precarious situation due to an increasing foreign presence within Iran .	Reeling from devastating losses against the Russian Empire in 1813 and 1828 as well as the British Empire in 1857 , not only was the Qajar government forced to grant countless concessions to these foreign powers , but Iranian bazaaris ( merchants ) were left in a highly vulnerable position as they could n't compete with the numerous economic advantages gained by merchants from Europe .
AFRC also operates a second site in Palmdale , Ca .	known as Building 703 , once the former Rockwell International/North American Aircraft production facility , at Air Force Plant 42 .
In 1984 , after leaving the road as the music director , guitarist , and arranger for the Tony Tillman Show , he became a professor at his alma mater , the Berklee College of Music , where , in addition to curriculum development and consulting , he teaches all levels of harmony .	He is the author of `` Harmony 4 '' , ( Berklee Press ) the last in a series of Berklee 's Core harmony curriculum textbooks , and `` Reharmonization Techniques '' for Berklee Online .
The Democratic Farmers ' Party of Germany ( , DBD ) was an East German political party .	The DBD was founded in 1948 .
All explosive- and incendiary-filled projectiles , particularly for mortars , were originally called `` grenades '' , derived from the pomegranate , so called because the many-seeded fruit suggested the powder-filled , fragmenting bomb , or from the similarity of shape .	Words cognate with `` grenade '' are still used for an artillery or mortar projectile in some European languages .
After the discontinuation of the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , it has been contested by the winners of the UEFA Champions League and the winners of the UEFA Cup , which was renamed the UEFA Europa League in 2009 .	The current holders are Spanish club Atlético Madrid , who won 4–2 against Real Madrid in 2018 .
distributed.net is working on RC5-72 ( breaking RC5 with a 72-bit key ) , and OGR-28 ( searching for the optimal 28-mark Golomb ruler ) .	The RC5-72 project is on pace to exhaust the keyspace in just under 150 years , although the project will end whenever the required key is found .
The Vision Serpent is an important creature in Pre-Columbian Maya mythology , although the term itself is now slowly becoming outdated .	The serpent was a very important social and religious symbol , revered by the Maya .
Knowles was born in Fairmont , West Virginia , the son of James M. Knowles , a purchasing agent from Lowell , Massachusetts , and Mary Beatrice Shea Knowles from Concord , New Hampshire .	His father was vice president of a coal company , earning an income which afforded them a comfortable living .
After the war Lincoln married Mary Eunice Harlan , and they had three children together .	Following completion of law school in Chicago , he built a successful law practice , and became wealthy representing corporate clients .
He was first elected to the Senate in 1984 , while in office as Governor of West Virginia ( 1977–85 ) .	Rockefeller moved to Emmons , West Virginia , to serve as a VISTA worker in 1964 and was first elected to public office as a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates ( 1966 ) .
Her death from cancer , at the height of her fame , was a shock to the musical world and particularly to the general public , which was kept in ignorance of the nature of her illness until after her death .	The daughter of a Lancashire village schoolmaster , Ferrier showed early talent as a pianist , and won numerous amateur piano competitions while working as a telephonist with the General Post Office .
Established on May 1 , 1959 as NASA 's first space flight center , GSFC employs approximately 10,000 civil servants and contractors .	It is one of ten major NASA field centers , named in recognition of American rocket propulsion pioneer Dr. Robert H. Goddard .
Langley Research Center ( LaRC or NASA Langley ) located in Hampton , Virginia , United States , is the oldest of NASA 's field centers .	It directly borders Langley Air Force Base and the Back River on the Chesapeake Bay .
It was placed on the ballot by a vote of the state legislature on Assembly Constitutional Amendment 11 ( ACA 11 ) .	Supporters of the measure argued that state infrastructure had been neglected through many years of growth , while opponents argued that California 's budget crisis has been exacerbated by budgeting inflexibility from past spending set-aside propositions like this one .
A figurine ( a diminutive form of the word `` figure '' ) or statuette is a small statue that represents a human , deity or animal , or in practice a pair or small group of them .	Figurines have been made in many media , with clay , metal , wood , glass , and today plastic or resin the most significant .
It failed to pass with 3,144,145 ( 36.1 % ) votes in favor and 5,541,314 ( 63.9 % ) against .	It was placed on the ballot through the initiative process .
The objective of this process is to present to the observer a planar representation of the object 's characteristics , most notably the illustrations or artwork extant on the outside surfaces of such vessels .	This planar representation is captured using photographic imaging techniques .
' ( or ' ) is a Latin phrase meaning `` listen to the other side '' , or `` let the other side be heard as well '' .	It is the principle that no person should be judged without a fair hearing in which each party is given the opportunity to respond to the evidence against them .
Like the `` signori '' of late medieval and Renaissance Italy , the tyrants usually seized power at the head of some popular support .	Often the tyrants upheld existing laws and customs and were highly conservative as to cult practices , thus maintaining stability with little risk to their own personal security .
He rode a large-wheeled Ordinary , also known as a penny-farthing , from April 1884 to December 1886 .	He later searched for Henry Morton Stanley in Africa , investigated the claims of Indian ascetics and became manager of the Garrick Theatre in London .
This has led to their common use in nuclear weapons .	The slapper detonator is a more recent development along similar lines .
WNET is owned by WNET.org ( formerly known as the Educational Broadcasting Corporation ) and is also the parent of Long Island PBS station WLIW ( channel 21 ) and the operator of the New Jersey Public broadcasting network NJTV .	WNET is a member station of , and a primary program provider to , PBS .
The Coterie was a fashionable and famous set of English aristocrats and intellectuals of the 1910s , widely quoted and profiled in magazines and newspapers of the period .	They also called themselves the `` Corrupt Coterie '' .
Strickson was born in Stratford-upon-Avon , England .	He attended King Edward VI Grammar School in his home town , the same school as William Shakespeare , and was also a chorister at Holy Trinity Church ( Shakespeare 's Church ) , where his father , John Strickson , was organist and choirmaster .
Germany was defeated in World War I , and the Treaty of Versailles placed punitive conditions on the country , including significant financial reparations , the loss of territory ( some only temporarily ) , war guilt , military weakening and limitation , and economic weakening .	Germany was humiliated in front of the world and had to pay very large war reparations .
The Pacific War , sometimes called the Asia–Pacific War , was the theater of World War II that was fought in the Pacific and Asia .	It was fought over a vast area that included the Pacific Ocean and islands , the South West Pacific , South-East Asia , and in China ( including the 1945 Soviet–Japanese conflict ) .
National Grassland is a classification of protected and managed federal lands in the United States authorized by Title III of the Bankhead–Jones Farm Tenant Act of 1937 .	For administrative purposes , they are essentially identical to United States National Forests , except that grasslands are areas primarily consisting of prairie .
Resveratrol ( 3,5,4′-trihydroxy- '' trans '' -stilbene ) is a stilbenoid , a type of natural phenol , and a phytoalexin produced by several plants in response to injury or , when the plant is under attack by pathogens such as bacteria or fungi .	Sources of resveratrol in food include the skin of grapes , blueberries , raspberries , mulberries , and peanuts .
Patrick Houston Shaw-Stewart ( 17 August 1888 – 30 December 1917 ) was an Eton College ( 1901-1906 ) and Balliol College , Oxford ( 1907-1910 ) scholar and poet of the Edwardian era who died on active service as a battalion commander in the British Royal Naval Division during the First World War .	He is best remembered today for his poem `` Achilles in the Trench '' , one of the best-known war poems of the First World War .
The L-20 regulations defined three types of areas : Natural Area , Experimental Forest and Range , and Primitive Area .	The L-20 section on Primitive Area read , `` to maintain primitive conditions of transportation , subsistence , habitation , and environment to the fullest degree compatible with their highest public use . ''
It remains one of Canada 's few primarily undergraduate universities , and is linked with three others in the Maple League .	Established in 1843 as Bishop 's College and affiliated with the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge in 1853 , the school remained under the Anglican church 's direction from its founding until 1947 .
Great Barrington is a town in Berkshire County , Massachusetts , United States .	It is part of the Pittsfield , Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Like several of them , Asquith was killed in action in the First World War .	Asquith was the eldest son and heir of British prime minister H. H. Asquith .
`` In every deliberation , we must consider the impact on the seventh generation ...	even if it requires having skin as thick as the bark of a pine . ''
It transitioned to an enterprise software and services company under CEO John S. Chen .	Its products are used worldwide by various businesses , car makers , and government agencies , and include the AtHoc crisis communications platform , the QNX real-time operating system , and BlackBerry UEM , an endpoint management platform .
Fei Xiaotong or Fei Hsiao-Tung ( November 2 , 1910 – April 24 , 2005 ) was a pioneering Chinese researcher and professor of sociology and anthropology ; he was also noted for his studies in the study of China 's ethnic groups as well as a social activist .	One of China 's finest sociologists and anthropologists , his works on these subjects were instrumental in laying a solid foundation for the development of sociological and anthropological studies in China , as well as in introducing social and cultural phenomena of China to the international community .
It is currently composed of 205 full members and 171 alternate members ( see list ) .	Members are nominally elected once every five years by the National Congress of the Communist Party of China , though in practice the selection process is managed entirely by the party 's Politburo and its Standing Committee .
This privilege was distinct from the so-called `` Capitulations '' which , since the 16th century , had been negotiated with a much larger number of countries and which granted some extraterritorial rights to citizens and commercial enterprises of those countries .	Initially restricted to consular mail , these post offices could soon be used by foreign and local businesses and individuals , provided they used the postage stamps of the post office concerned .
He was a Mullah who , after study of the Islamic writings told his students about the coming of the Mahdi and the `` Masih '' ( the return of Christ ) and taught them how to recognize them .	After his death in 1843 , many of his students spread out around Asia , Europe and Africa for the search .
where `` A '' and `` B '' are two finite sets and | '' S '' | indicates the cardinality of a set `` S '' ( which may be considered as the number of elements of the set , if the set is finite ) .	The formula expresses the fact that the sum of the sizes of the two sets may be too large since some elements may be counted twice .
The French post offices abroad were a global network of post offices in foreign countries established by France to provide mail service where the local services were deemed unsafe or unreliable .	They were generally set up in cities with some sort of French commercial interest .
The evacuation was prompted by the `` Wehrmacht '' s assault on Belgium , the Netherlands , Luxembourg and France in the spring of 1940 , which reduced the relative importance of Germany 's iron ore provision and of Scandinavia .	Several nights after the final military evacuation , the civilians of the town were rescued by British Sub-Lieutenant Patrick Dalzel-Job .
Unlike the original series , which had dramatic elements , the film features more comical elements , and was directed by McG , adapted by screenwriters Ryan Rowe , Ed Solomon , and John August .	It stars Cameron Diaz , Drew Barrymore , and Lucy Liu as three women working in a private detective agency in Los Angeles .
Some desks have the form of a table , although usually only one side of a desk is suitable to sit at ( there are some exceptions , such as a partners desk ) , unlike most usual tables .	Some desks do not have the form of a table , for instance , an armoire desk is a desk built within a large wardrobe-like cabinet , and a portable desk is light enough to be placed on a person 's lap .
The two rappers met at Ridgeway Middle School ( Memphis , Tennessee ) in 1984 .	In 1993 , the duo released their debut album `` Comin ' Out Hard '' .
Some linguists , notably Sergei Starostin and Sergei Nikolayev , believe that the two groups sprang from a common ancestor about five thousand years ago .	However , this proposal is difficult to evaluate , and remains controversial .
Sherlock extended the system by enabling the user to search for items through the World Wide Web through a set of plugins which employed existing web search engines .	These plugins were written as plain text files , so that it was a simple task for a user to write a Sherlock plugin .
Phaedrus , the author 's alter ego , is jarred out of his solitary routine by an encounter with Lila , a straightforward but troubled woman who is nearing a mental breakdown .	The main goal of this book is to develop a complete metaphysical system based on the idea of Quality introduced in his first book .
Algoma District is a district and census division in Northeastern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario .	Algoma was created by proclamation in 1858 as a provisional judicial district of the Province of Canada comprising territory north of the French River as far west as Pigeon River ( Minnesota-Ontario ) , including all Canadian islands in Lakes Huron and Superior .
Lakehead University , shortened to 'Lakehead U ' , or 'LU ' , is non-denominational and provincially supported .	It has undergraduate programs , graduate programs , the Bora Laskin Faculty of Law , the only internationally accredited ( AACSB ) business school in northern Ontario , and is home to the western campus of the Northern Ontario School of Medicine .
Wave-cut platforms are often most obvious at low tide when they become visible as huge areas of flat rock .	Sometimes the landward side of the platform is covered by sand , forming the beach , and then the platform can only be identified at low tides or when storms move the sand .
This convertible debt , often convertible preferred stock or convertible debentures , can be converted to the common stock of the issuing company often at steep discounts to the market value of the common stock .	Under the typical “ death spiral ” scenario , the holder of the convertible debt initially shorts the issuer ’ s common stock , which often causes the stock price to decline , at which time the debt holder converts some of the convertible debt to common shares with which he then covers the debt holder 's short position .
Founded in 1963 , the University of Windsor has graduated more than 100,000 alumni .	The University of Windsor has nine faculties , including the Faculty of Arts , Humanities and Social Sciences , the Faculty of Education , the Faculty of Engineering , Odette School of Business , the Faculty of Graduate Studies , the Faculty of Human Kinetics , the Faculty of Law , the Faculty of Nursing , and the Faculty of Science .
Since 1997 , the historic centre of Trogir has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites for its Venetian architecture .	In the 3rd century BC , `` Tragurion '' was founded by Greek colonists from the island of Vis , and it developed into a major port until the Roman period .
A limestone pavement is a natural karst landform consisting of a flat , incised surface of exposed limestone that resembles an artificial pavement .	The term is mainly used in the UK and Ireland , where many of these landforms have developed distinctive surface patterning resembling paving blocks .
The plot takes place in 1931 , during the Great Depression , following a mob enforcer and his son as they seek vengeance against a mobster who murdered the rest of their family .	Filming took place in the Chicago area .
There are multiple interpretations of how Šibenik was named .	In his fifteenth century book `` De situ Illiriae et civitate Sibenici , '' Juraj Šižgorić describes the name and location of Šibenik .
On television he is known for playing the role of Martin Brewer on `` 7th Heaven '' , Derek Hale on `` Teen Wolf '' , and Superman on `` Supergirl '' .	Hoechlin was born in Corona , California , to Lori and Don Hoechlin , describing his family 's ethnic background as `` Native American , German , Irish , and some others . ''
Nipissing University is recognized for providing an individualized student experience , having supportive and accessible professors , small class sizes , research opportunities for undergraduate students , and some of the best residences and residence programming in Canada .	The roots of Nipissing University date back to 1947 , when residents of North Bay formed a committee with the goal of establishing a university within the city .
OCAD U offers courses through the Faculties of Art , Design , Liberal Arts and Sciences , and alternative programs .	The enabling legislation is Ontario College of Art and Design University Act , 2002 .
Tautou achieved international recognition for her lead role in the 2001 film `` Amélie '' , which met with critical acclaim and was a major box-office success .	`` Amélie '' won Best Film at the European Film Awards , four César Awards ( including Best Film and Best Director ) , two BAFTA Awards ( including Best Original Screenplay ) , and was nominated for five Academy Awards .
Following its return to the United Kingdom in 1956 , the ship remained in reserve until being scrapped in 1965 .	The 1942 Design Light Fleet carrier was divided into two groups of which the `` Majestic '' class was one .
The similar designation of Her Majesty 's Canadian Submarine is applied to submarine vessels .	In the reign of a king , the designation changes to `` His Majesty 's Canadian Ship '' ; the French version of the title remains unchanged in this instance .
The 933rd `` Nahal '' Brigade is one of the Israel Defense Forces main infantry brigades .	It was established as a separate brigade in 1982 in response to the growing need for infantry manpower in the wake of the 1982 Lebanon War , though its 50th battalion was originally part of the Paratrooper Brigade in the 1950s .
The short document , written in Latin , was discovered in 1772 in the Bavarian State Library , Munich by Louis XV 's ambassador to the Saxon court , Comte Louis-Gabriel Du Buat-Nançay .	It had been acquired by the Wittelsbachs with the collection of the antiquarian Hermann Schädel ( 1410–85 ) in 1571 .
On television , she played Sofie in `` Carnivàle '' ( 2003–05 ) , Audrey Hanson in `` Heroes '' ( 2006–07 ) , Wendy Peyser in `` '' ( 2012–13 ) , Emma Borden in `` The Lizzie Borden Chronicles '' ( 2015 ) , and Marjorie in `` Veep '' ( 2016–17 ) .	In 2016 , DuVall made her feature directorial debut with `` The Intervention '' , which she also wrote and co-produced .
8-Bit Sampled Voice ( 8SVX ) is an audio file format standard developed by Electronic Arts for the Commodore-Amiga computer series .	It is a data subtype of the IFF file container format .
The first recorded military aviation at Halton took place in 1913 when the then owner of the Halton estate , Alfred de Rothschild , invited No 3 Squadron of the Royal Flying Corps to conduct manoeuvres on his land .	Following a gentlemen 's agreement between Rothschild and Lord Kitchener , the estate was used by the British Army throughout the First World War .
Marlborough ( , ) is a market town and civil parish in the English county of Wiltshire on the Old Bath Road , the old main road from London to Bath .	It boasts the second-widest high street in Britain , after Stockton-on-Tees .
The ballpark was built to replace the 33-year-old , now-demolished Veterans Stadium , ( a football/baseball multipurpose facility ) , and features a natural grass-and-dirt playing field and a number of Philadelphia-style food stands that serve cheesesteak sandwiches , hoagies , Tastykakes , soft pretzels , Schmidt and Yuengling beer , and many other regional specialties .	The ballpark lies on the northeast corner of the Sports Complex , which includes Lincoln Financial Field , the Wells Fargo Center , and Xfinity Live ! , the Center 's adjacent theme park and food court .
In 1919 , with the burial of Wilhelm Liebknecht , founder of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) , the cemetery became the resting place for many of the leaders and activists of Germany 's social democratic , socialist and communist movements .	In 1919 , Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg , co-founders of the Communist Party of Germany , were buried there .
All classes of athletes with locomotor disabilities were able to participate .	Organized by the International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation ( ISMGF ) and the International Sports Federation of the Disabled ( ISOD ) .
These Games were accessible for all athletes with cerebral palsy .	For the first time , an exhibition event was held at the Olympic Winter Games in Sarajevo and 30 male three-track skiers took part in the Giant Slalom event .
These were the last Winter Paralympics to be held in a separate location from the Winter Olympics .	Beginning in 1992 , the Olympics and the Paralympics were held in the same city or in an adjacent city .
He also wrote extensively on magic and its history .	His acting credits included the films `` The Prestige '' , `` The Spanish Prisoner '' , `` Mystery Men '' , `` Heist '' , `` Boogie Nights '' , `` Tomorrow Never Dies '' , `` House of Games '' , and `` Magnolia '' , and the HBO series `` Deadwood . ''
Mangual joined El Vocero newspaper during the 1970s .	While he was not the only reporter who covered crime stories in that newspaper , his name was probably the most recognizable one out of crime reporters for El Vocero among Puerto Ricans .
Various sources estimate there are fewer than 100 to 150 remaining active Aleut speakers .	Eastern and Atkan Aleut are classified as `` critically and severely endangered '' and have an EGIDS rating of 7 .
Taiichi Ohno and Eiji Toyoda , Japanese industrial engineers , developed the system between 1948 and 1975 .	Originally called `` just-in-time production '' , it builds on the approach created by the founder of Toyota , Sakichi Toyoda , his son Kiichiro Toyoda , and the engineer Taiichi Ohno .
WWE SmackDown , also referred to as SmackDown Live or simply SmackDown , is a professional wrestling television program that debuted on April 29 , 1999 .	The show 's name also refers to the SmackDown brand , to which WWE employees are assigned to work and perform .
It has formed governments with both major parties in New Zealand : first with the National Party from 1996 to 1998 , and then with the Labour Party from 2005 to 2008 and from 2017 to present .	The party 's platform is characterised by its strongly restrictive immigration policies , as well as its emphasis on law and order and on popular referenda .
Corning Incorporated is an American multinational technology company that specializes in specialty glass , ceramics , and related materials and technologies including advanced optics , primarily for industrial and scientific applications .	The company was known as Corning Glass Works until 1989 , when it changed its name to Corning Incorporated. < ref name= '' Corning-Jan-1994-S-3/A '' > < /ref > In 1998 , Corning divested itself of its consumer lines ( including CorningWare and Visions Pyroceram-based cookware , Corelle Vitrelle tableware , and Pyrex glass bakeware among others ) by selling the Corning Consumer Products Company subsidiary ( now known as Corelle Brands ) to Borden , but still holds an interest of about 8 percent .
The Morris dancers of Stansted were one of the earliest groups to form from the revival of the activity , in 1934 .	The name Stansted means `` stony place '' .
He is also the reason that the London Underground is colloquially named `` the tube '' .	Greathead was born in Grahamstown , South Africa ; of English descent , Greathead 's grandfather had emigrated to South Africa in 1820 .
The term comes from the Latin `` '' columba '' '' ( dove ) and , originally , solely referred to compartmentalized housing for doves and pigeons called a dovecote .	Roman columbaria were often built partly or completely underground .
Saint-Émilion 's history goes back to prehistoric times and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site , with fascinating Romanesque churches and ruins stretching all along steep and narrow streets .	The Romans planted vineyards in what was to become Saint-Émilion as early as the 2nd century .
Born in 1946 in the Black Country , Cutler later moved to the Birmingham suburb of Harborne .	She started writing while at Oldbury Grammar School , winning the Critical Quarterly Short Story prize .
The Tower Subway is a tunnel beneath the River Thames in central London , between Tower Hill on the north side of the river and Vine Lane ( off Tooley Street ) on the south .	In 1869 a circular tunnel was dug through the London clay using a cast iron shield , an idea that had been patented in 1864 by Peter W. Barlow but never built .
Although the wines of Pomerol have never been classified , Pétrus is widely regarded as the outstanding wine of the appellation .	Pétrus leads a duo of Pomerol estates in extreme prices , along with Le Pin , that rank consistently among the world 's most expensive wines .
) .	Layered materials , such as graphene , boron nitride , or transition metal dichalchogenides , have unique electronic properties as a bilayer system and are an active area of current research .
In English , it is sometimes referred to colloquially as Gewürz ( ; although this is never the case in German , because `` Gewürz '' means `` herb '' or `` spice '' ) , and in French it is written ( without the Trema ) .	Gewürztraminer is a variety with a pink to red skin colour , which makes it a `` white wine grape '' as opposed to the blue to black-skinned varieties commonly referred to as `` red wine grapes '' .
Theatre Workshop is a theatre group whose long-serving director was Joan Littlewood .	Many actors of the 1950s and 1960s received their training and first exposure with the company , many of its productions were transferred to theatres in the West End , and some , such as `` Oh , What a Lovely War ! ''
A well known application has been automatic speech recognition , to cope with different speaking speeds .	Other applications include speaker recognition and online signature recognition .
Half of me wants to go to the pub and get pissed , and the other half does n't want to pay for it .	`` .
Timothy Charles Buckley III ( February 14 , 1947 – June 29 , 1975 ) was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .	His music and style changed considerably through the years ; he began his career based in folk music , but his subsequent albums experimented with jazz , psychedelia , funk , soul , the avant-garde and an evolving `` voice as instrument '' sound .
Matthew Boulton , one of the 18th century 's greatest entrepreneurs , acquired the lease of the five-year-old Soho Mill in 1761 and developed it into Soho Manufactory .	He expanded the cottage next to it into Soho House , changing it several times .
In 538 , King Seong moved the capital to Sabi ( in modern-day Buyeo County ) .	Ungjin is now known as Gongju .
Buyeo-eup , the county 's capital , was the site of the capital of Baekje from 538-660 AD , during which it was called Sabi Fortress .	Famous people associated with Buyeo County in more recent times include noted stem-cell researcher Hwang Woo-suk .
Gongju was formerly named Ungjin and was the capital of Baekje from AD 475 to 538 .	In this period , Baekje was under threat from Goguryeo .
It has associations with the Lunar Society and is a Grade II* listed building .	It is , however , in a very poor state of repair and is on the Buildings at Risk Register .
Her father was a Scottish emigrant , clergyman John Eglinton Maxwell , and her mother was an American-born woman of English descent , Diantha Caroline Maxwell .	The family moved to Canada for some of Maxwell 's childhood , returning in 1874 .
It was originally developed as an OVI standard , and later modified into the IEEE format .	Technically only the SDF version 4.0 onwards are IEEE formats .
Krka National Park ( ) is one of the Croatian national parks , named after the river Krka ( ancient Greek : `` Kyrikos '' ) that it encloses .	It is located along the middle-lower course of the Krka River in central Dalmatia , in Šibenik-Knin county , downstream Miljevci area , and just a few kilometers northeast of the city of Šibenik .
The Yser ( , ) is a river that rises in French Flanders ( the north of France ) , enters the Belgian province of West Flanders and flows through the `` Ganzepoot '' and into the North Sea at the town of Nieuwpoort .	The source of the Yser is in Buysscheure ( `` Buisscheure '' ) , in the Nord department of northern France .
of formula_4 is a monomorphism formula_5 satisfying the following universal property :	Remarks :
These were the first Winter Paralympic Games to be held in Italy .	They were also the first Paralympics to use the new Paralympics logo .
Working from Aldridge Road round to Queslett Road , they depict nine members of the Society and attributes connected with their work :	The stones also each have a phase of the moon carved on them , with the Watt stone being the full moon .
Linguistic anthropology studies how language affects social life , while economic anthropology studies human economic behavior .	Biological ( physical ) , forensic , and medical anthropology study the biological development of humans , the application of biological anthropology in a legal setting , and the study of diseases and their impacts on humans over time , respectively .
William Murdock ( 1720October 17 , 1769 ) was a Scottish-born American statesman in colonial Maryland .	During the tensions leading up to the American Revolution he was an important spokesman for the rights of the colonists .
Meditations on First Philosophy in which the existence of God and the immortality of the soul are demonstrated ( ) is a philosophical treatise by René Descartes first published in Latin in 1641 .	The French translation ( by the Duke of Luynes with Descartes ' supervision ) was published in 1647 as `` Méditations Métaphysiques '' .
Soho Foundry is a factory created in 1795 by Matthew Boulton and James Watt and their sons Matthew Robinson Boulton and James Watt Jr. at Smethwick , West Midlands , England ( ) , for the manufacture of steam engines .	Now owned by Avery Weigh-Tronix , it is used for the manufacture of weighing machines .
Norges Statsbaner AS , trading as NSB AS and known in English as the Norwegian State Railways , is a government-owned railway company which operates most passenger train services in Norway .	Owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications , it is also engaged in real estate through Rom Eiendom , bus transport through Nettbuss , cargo trains through CargoNet and Swedish train transport through Tågkompaniet .
Designed by architect John Madin in the brutalist style , the library was part of an ambitious development project by Birmingham City Council to create a civic centre on its new Inner Ring Road system ; however , for economic reasons significant parts of the master plan were not completed , and quality was reduced on materials as an economic measure .	Two previous libraries occupied the adjacent site before Madin 's library opened in 1974 .
It is said that the coastal village was named after Poseidon , God of the Sea .	Like many other places along the beautiful campanian coast , it was a favourite site for wealthy ancient Romans to build rich and grand villas , one of which lies below the church of Santa Maria Assunta and has recently been opened to the public .
It is a major research university under the supervision of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology .	BIT is a Chinese Ministry of Education Class A Double First Class University .
The Flight of Dragons is a 1982 animated fantasy film produced and directed by Jules Bass and Arthur Rankin , Jr. loosely combining the speculative natural history book of the same name ( 1979 ) by Peter Dickinson with the novel `` The Dragon and the George '' ( 1976 ) by Gordon R. Dickson .	It stars the voices of John Ritter , Victor Buono , James Gregory , James Earl Jones , and Harry Morgan .
Important members of the Caecilius Metellus clan include :	Women of the Caecilii Metelli family were always named Caecilia Metella , according to the Roman naming convention .
Shorts was founded in 1908 in London , and was the first company in the world to make production aircraft .	It was particularly notable for its flying boat designs manufactured into the 1950s .
The first aircraft that would now be identified as maritime patrol aircraft were flown by the Royal Naval Air Service and the French Aéronautique Maritime during World War I , primarily on anti-submarine patrols .	France , Italy and Austria-Hungary used large numbers of smaller patrol aircraft for the Mediterranean , Adriatic and other coastal areas while the Germans and British fought over the North Sea .
Britain grew up in the Finger Lakes region of New York State , where she started her first novel — an undersea fantasy featuring herself and her friends — at the age of nine .	She published her first book , a cartoon collection called `` Horses and Horsepeople '' , at the age of thirteen .
Mulready stationery describes the postal stationery letter sheets and envelopes that were introduced as part of the British Post Office postal reforms of 1840 .	They went on sale on 1 May 1840 , and were valid for use from 6 May .
The concept of `` Drang nach Osten '' was a core element of German nationalism and a major element of Nazi ideology .	As Adolf Hitler said on 7 February 1945 , `` It is eastwards , only and always eastwards , that the veins of our race must expand .
William James Bloye ( 8 July 1890 – 6 June 1975 ) was an English sculptor , active in Birmingham either side of World War II .	He studied , and later , taught at the Birmingham School of Art ( his training was interrupted by World War I , when he served in the Royal Army Medical Corps from 1915 to 1917 ; he was eventually succeeded at Birmingham by John Bridgeman ) , where his pupils included Gordon Herickx , Roy Kitchin , Raymond Mason , John Poole and Ian Walters .
She was married to James Warren , who was likewise heavily active in the independence movement .	During the debate over the United States Constitution in 1788 , she issued a pamphlet , `` Observations on the new Constitution , and on the Federal and State Conventions '' written under the pseudonym `` A Columbian Patriot , '' that opposed ratification of the document and advocated the inclusion of a Bill of Rights .
It is known locally as `` The Golden Boys '' after its colour , or `` The Carpet Salesmen '' after the partially rolled-up plan of a steam engine which they are examining .	They were most famous for improving and developing the steam engine .
An investigation by a reporter for the `` National Observer '' , who interviewed family members and examined official records , concluded she was born in 1904 .	In southern California , her father owned an automobile dealership with Hal Roach , an American film and television producer and director .
The scheme was abandoned after the commencement of World War II with only half of the planned Baskerville House having been built .	Made from Portland stone , from the Isle of Portland in Dorset , the foundation stone was laid by HRH The Prince of Wales on 12 June 1923 and it was opened by Prince Arthur of Connaught on 4 July 1925 to a crowd of 30,000 .
He was also the Italian Champion in 1937 , 1938 and 1939 .	Born in Turin , Farina was the son of Giovanni Carlo Farina ( 1884–1957 ) who founded the Stabilimenti Farina coachbuilder .
A business process or business method is a collection of related , structured activities or tasks by people or equipment which in a specific sequence produce a service or product ( serves a particular business goal ) for a particular customer or customers .	Business processes occur at all organizational levels and may or may not be visible to the customers .
Crumpsall is a suburb and electoral ward of Manchester , England .	The population at the 2011 census was 15,959 .
He trained at the Birmingham School of Arts and Crafts under William Bloye , the Royal College of Art ( for one term ) , and Slade School of Art .	He lived and worked in Paris beginning in 1946 .
After an incapacitating Xianbei invasion in 285 , Buyeo was restored with help from Jin dynasty .	This , however marked the beginning of a period of decline .
He also raced sports cars winning the Le Mans 24 Hours in 1991 driving a Mazda 787B .	He enjoyed much success in lower-level motor racing .
According to the 2001 census , Bishop Auckland has a population of 24,392 , recounted at 16,296 for the 2011 Census .	The difference in the two censuses is due to a change in the demarkations of the town boundaries over this period , rather than an actual reduction in the population .
Aston is a ward of Central Birmingham , England .	Located immediately to the north-east of Central Birmingham , Aston constitutes a ward within the metropolitan authority .
Janson described it as `` the greatest masterpiece of Hellenistic sculpture '' , and it is one of a small number of major Hellenistic statues surviving in the original , rather than Roman copies .	The context of the `` Winged Victory of Samothrace '' , discovered in 1863 , is controversial , with proposals ranging from the Battle of Salamis in 306 BC to the Battle of Actium in 31 BC as the event being celebrated .
Examples of jurisdictions which have made the change because of the latter reason include Mauritius , Zambia , India , Hong Kong , the Republic of Ireland , South Africa , Kenya , Malawi , Singapore , Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago .	Just as a junior counsel is `` called to the [ Outer ] Bar '' , a senior counsel is , in some jurisdictions , said to be `` called to the Inner Bar '' .
She was born Hilary Mary Allcroft in Worthing , England .	At the age of 16 , she changed her first name to Britt as her career in British radio and television gained momentum .
Bonaly is the only Olympic figure skater to land a backflip on only one blade ; she performed it at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , Japan .	Bonaly was born in Nice , France on 15 December 1973 .
Using the notation in the diagram on the right , the sides are ( `` AB '' ) , ( `` BC '' ) , ( `` CD '' ) , ( `` DA '' ) .	But since in Euclidean geometry a parallelogram necessarily has opposite sides equal , or ( `` AB '' ) = ( `` CD '' ) and ( `` BC '' ) = ( `` DA '' ) , the law can be stated as ,
Walther Arms , Inc. is the United States Walther business unit and is based in Fort Smith , Arkansas .	The history of Walther started with the factory created by Matthias Conrad Pistor who was the chief armorer of the Kassel Armory .
It receives 2.55 million visitors each year and is the second most visited zoo in the United States .	It is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( AZA ) .
A peremptory norm ( also called jus cogens or ius cogens ; Latin for `` compelling law '' ) is a fundamental principle of international law that is accepted by the international community of states as a norm from which no derogation is permitted .	There is no universal agreement regarding precisely which norms are `` jus cogens '' nor how a norm reaches that status , but it is generally accepted that `` jus cogens '' includes the prohibition of genocide , maritime piracy , enslaving in general ( to include slavery as well as the slave trade ) , torture , refoulement and wars of aggression and territorial aggrandizement .
Capriccio espagnol , Op .	34 , is the common Western title for a five movement orchestral suite , based on Spanish folk melodies , composed by the Russian composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov in 1887 .
Today , Tiergarten Schönbrunn is considered and regards itself as a scientifically administered zoo which sees its main purpose as a centre for species conservation and general nature conservation as well as in the fulfillment of the education mandate given to it by the legislation .	The still preserved buildings of the baroque era , which have been complemented in the last years by elements of modern zoo architecture , still convey a good impression of the 18th century menagerie-buildings after the Versailles model .
It is a close structural homologue of dimethyltryptamine .	Frequent physical effects are nausea , numbness of the tongue or throat , and pupil dilation .
The earliest inhabitants of the Maltese Islands are believed to have been Sicani from nearby Sicily who arrived on the island sometime before 5000 BC .	They grew cereals and raised domestic livestock and , in keeping with many other ancient Mediterranean cultures , formed a fertility cult represented in Malta by statuettes of unusually large proportions .
Thus reductions can be used to measure the relative computational difficulty of two problems .	It is said that A reduces to B if , in layman 's terms , B is harder to solve than A .
Murphy was born into a large family of sharecroppers in Hunt County , Texas .	His father abandoned them , and his mother died when he was a teenager .
He won a Pulitzer Prize for his interview with Soviet premier , Nikita Khrushchev , and associated commentaries in 1955 .	Hearst attended the University of California , Berkeley and was a member of the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity .
CCBC has offices in Toronto , Vancouver , Montreal , Calgary , Beijing , and Shanghai .	CCBC is the de facto Canadian chamber of commerce in Beijing .
In 1880 he was in business with his own foundry , the Victoria Works in Tunstall , Staffordshire , where he produced equipment for collieries , forges and mills , before returning to Kidsgrove to acquire the Union Foundry as a member of a partnership known as Renshaw , King and Company .	He later moved to the Phoenix Works at Cliffe Vale , where electrical and railway equipment was manufactured and where specialist railway carriages and wagons were built for use by the Barnum & Bailey Circus , ( see Phineas Taylor Barnum ) during its tour of Britain and Europe which began in 1886 .
He graduated from the Canterbury School in New Milford , CT in 1967 .	He graduated from Harvard University in 1972 with an AB degree in mathematics .
She is known for her role as Cristina Yang on the ABC medical drama series `` Grey 's Anatomy '' , set in the United States , which she played from 2005 to 2014 .	For her role , she earned a Golden Globe Award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , and five nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series .
The chamber of deputies is the legislative body such as the lower house of a bicameral legislature , or also a unicameral legislature .	Historically , `` French Chamber of Deputies '' was the lower house of the French Parliament during the Bourbon Restoration , the July Monarchy , and the French Third Republic ; the name is still informally used for the National Assembly under the nation 's current Fifth Republic .
Though he never held a title higher than Vice-President at the Hearst Corporation , he was listed above many with higher-sounding titles when executives were listed in the company 's publications .	One of the five family trustees of the trust established under his father 's will ( which made sure that eight non-family trustees would have majority control ) , he was able to secure a seat on the corporation 's board for his son , George Randolph Hearst Jr. , in the 1950s .
Non-family executives are a majority on the trust that controls the corporation , and this trust will not dissolve until all grandchildren alive at the death of William Randolph Hearst have died .	George Jr. was one of the oldest grandchildren .
This genus is abbreviated B. in trade journals .	These species are widespread across Mexico , Central America , the West Indies and South America .
John Randolph Hearst ( 1909–1958 ) was an American business executive and the third son of William Randolph Hearst .	Hearst , like his brothers , worked for the Hearst Corporation and was said by some to have the most executive talent among the sons of William Randolph Hearst .
Genie Award candidates were selected from submissions made by the owners of Canadian films or their representatives , based on the criteria laid out in the `` Genie Rules and Regulations '' booklet which is distributed to Academy members and industry members .	Peer-group juries , assembled from volunteer members of the Academy , meet to screen the submissions and select a group of nominees .
Phragmipedium is a genus of the Orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) ( Subfamily Cypripedioideae ) and the only genus comprised in the tribe Phragmipedieae and subtribe Phragmipediinae .	The name of the genus is derived from the Greek `` phragma '' , which means `` division '' , and `` pedium '' , which means `` slipper '' ( referring to the pouch ) .
The system includes an array of awards , both civil and military , for gallantry , bravery , distinguished service , meritorious service , and long service .	Various campaign and commemorative medals have also been struck .
He has since released several solo albums and performs regularly with a blues-based trio , the Eric Bell Band .	Bell began his career with local groups around the Belfast area , including the last incarnation of Them to feature Van Morrison , between September and October 1966 .
This species was initially described as `` Phragmipedium xerophyticum '' by Soto Arenas , Salazar & Hágsater in 1990 , but transferred to its own genus by Albert & Chase in 1992 , in part based on results from DNA analysis .	The genus `` Mexipedium '' is listed as `` Phragmipedium '' in Appendix I of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) , and for other legal purposes .
They occur in humid forests at low- to mid-elevation regions of South America , with most species in Brazil .	Most are epiphytes , but some are terrestrials with glossy , strap-like , plicate leaves , which are apical , oblong or elliptic-lanceolate , acute or acuminate .
Simultaneously , he was a Councillor and Leader of the Liberal Democrats on Fife Council 1986 to 1999 .	Smith was elected to the first Scottish Parliament in May 1999 to represent his home constituency of North East Fife and was appointed as Deputy Minister for Parliamentary Business in the government of First Minister Donald Dewar .
The Pajottenland is predominantly farmland , with occasional gently rolling hills , and lies mostly between the rivers Dender and Zenne / Senne .	The area has historically provided food and drink for the citizens of Brussels , especially Lambic beers , which are only produced here and in the Zenne valley where Brussels is .
General Baptists are theologically Arminian , which distinguishes them from Reformed Baptists ( also known as `` Particular Baptists '' for their belief in particular redemption ) .	The first Baptists , led by John Smyth and Thomas Helwys in the late 16th and early 17th century , were General Baptists .
Peter B .	Short ( born July 22 , 1948 ) is an ordained minister and was the 38th Moderator of the United Church of Canada from 2003 until 2006 .
New England Telephone and Telegraph merged with the Bell Telephone Company ( which was started on the basis of holding `` potentially valuable patents '' ) , on February 17 , 1879 , to form the National Bell Telephone Company , at which time Theodore Vail took over its operations .	The National Bell Telephone Company merged with others on March 20 , 1880 to form the American Bell Telephone Company .
Myr is in common use where the term is often written , such as in Earth science and cosmology .	Myr is seen with `` mya '' , `` million years ago '' .
A native of New York , Slidell moved to Louisiana as a young man and became a staunch defender of slavery as a Representative and Senator .	He was the older brother of Alexander Slidell Mackenzie , a US naval officer .
Guest ( `` née '' Cochrane ; February 19 , 1920 - November 8 , 2003 ) was an American stage actress , author , columnist , horsewoman , fashion designer , and socialite who achieved a degree of fame as a fashion icon .	She was frequently seen wearing elegant designs by famous designers like Mainbocher .
The album featured two singles : `` Private Investigations , '' which reached number 2 on the UK Singles Chart , and `` Industrial Disease , '' which reached number 9 on `` Billboard '' 's Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in the United States .	The album reached number 1 on album charts in Australia , Austria , Italy , New Zealand , Norway and the United Kingdom , and number 19 in the United States .
When announced in 2003 it was one of the most ambitious leisure developments ever proposed anywhere in the world costing $ 64.3 billion , but development has been severely impacted by global recession and Dubai 's financial crisis .	The development was put on hold in 2008 but resumed in mid-2013 .
Pharaonism 's most notable advocate was Taha Hussein .	Egyptian identity since the Iron Age Egyptian Empire evolved for the longest period under the influence of native Egyptian culture , religion and identity ( see Ancient Egypt ) .
He was a founder of the College of New Jersey ( now Princeton University ) and the father of Aaron Burr ( 1756–1836 ) , the third Vice President of the United States .	A native of Connecticut , Burr was born in 1716 in present-day Fairfield to Daniel and Elizabeth Burr ; his father was a wealthy farmer .
The First Battle of Winchester , fought on May 25 , 1862 , in and around Frederick County , Virginia , and Winchester , Virginia , was a major victory in Confederate Army Maj. Gen. Thomas J .	`` Stonewall '' Jackson 's Campaign through the Shenandoah Valley during the American Civil War .
It was created by producer Goodson and originally ran from October 8 , 1984 to April 5 , 1985 on ABC .	The game featured two teams of three contestants each who competed against each other to answer trivia questions in various formats .
With his writing partner , Jerome Lawrence , Lee worked for Armed Forces Radio during World War II ; Lawrence and Lee became the most prolific writing partnership in radio , with such long-running series as `` Favorite Story '' among others .	Lee was born in Elyria , Ohio , the son of Elvira ( née Taft ) , a teacher , and C. Melvin Lee , an engineer .
He was what is referred to as a transitional champion , which saw him end the nearly six-year reign of Bob Backlund as champion only to lose the belt four weeks later to Hulk Hogan , who began a four-plus year reign himself .	Coming off the Iranian hostage crisis , The Iron Sheik , an Iranian citizen who praised his home country and bashed the USA , is considered to be one of the greatest heels of all time .
She is considered one of the most successful and influential Mexican artists worldwide .	Apart from her native Spanish , Thalía has also sung in English , Tagalog , French , and Portuguese .
At its height , Tenochtitlan had enormous temples and palaces , a huge ceremonial center , residences of political , religious , military , and merchants .	Its population was estimated at least 100,000 and perhaps as high as 200,000 in 1519 when the Spaniards first saw it .
With the promulgation of a new revolutionary Mexican Constitution of 1917 , he was elected president , serving from 1917 to 1920 .	Known as the `` Primer Jefe '' or `` First Chief '' of the Constitutionalists , Carranza was a shrewd politician rather than a military man .
It was then dissolved on December 23 , 2002 .	A new party of the same name ( 保守新党 `` Hoshu Shinto '' ) was then founded on December 25 , 2002 by Hiroshi Kumagai , also a defector from the DPJ .
After the war , some of the group discussed opportunities to go into business together .	They were led by their commanding officer , Charles B .
From the beginning NetWare implemented a number of features inspired by mainframe and minicomputer systems that were not available in its competitors .	In 1991 , Novell introduced cheaper peer-to-peer networking products for DOS and Windows , unrelated to their server-centric NetWare .
The ship was laid down for the United Kingdom 's Royal Navy during World War II as , but was completed only shortly before the war 's end , and did not see combat .	After stints as a training vessel and Arctic research ship , the carrier was loaned to the Royal Australian Navy from 1952 to 1955 .
The Original Free Will Baptist Convention is a North Carolina based body of Free Will Baptists that split from the National Association of Free Will Baptists in 1961 .	The `` Original Free Will Baptist State Convention '' was established in 1913 .
The barber has one barber 's chair in a cutting room and a waiting room containing a number of chairs in it .	When the barber finishes cutting a customer 's hair , he dismisses the customer and goes to the waiting room to see if there are others waiting .
The lyrics of the song were attributed to Li Youyuan , a farmer from northern Shaanxi , and the melody was derived from a local folk song .	He allegedly got his inspiration upon seeing the rising sun in the morning of a sunny day .
Dihedral angle is the upward angle from horizontal of the wings or tailplane of a fixed-wing aircraft .	`` Anhedral angle '' is the name given to negative dihedral angle , that is , when there is a `` downward '' angle from horizontal of the wings or tailplane of a fixed-wing aircraft .
According to film scholar Wheeler Winston Dixon , the elder Downey 's films during the 1960s were `` strictly take-no-prisoners affairs , with minimal budgets and outrageous satire , effectively pushing forward the countercultural agenda of the day '' .	Robert John Downey Sr. was born on June 24 , 1935 in New York City , the son of Elizabeth ( `` née '' McLauchlen ) , a model , and Robert Elias Sr. , who worked in management of motels and restaurants .
Production ran from 1983 until 2002 .	Manufacture of an improved version known as the Avro RJ began in 1992 .
It is not to be confused with the `` short ton '' a unit of weight equal to used in the United States , and in Canada before metrication , also referred to simply as a `` ton '' .	A long ton is defined as exactly 2,240 pounds .
Substitution matrices are usually seen in the context of amino acid or DNA sequence alignments , where the similarity between sequences depends on their divergence time and the substitution rates as represented in the matrix .	In the process of evolution , from one generation to the next the amino acid sequences of an organism 's proteins are gradually altered through the action of DNA mutations .
Following the eruption , thousands of fumaroles vented steam from the ash .	Robert F. Griggs , who explored the volcano 's aftermath for the National Geographic Society in 1916 , gave the valley its name , saying that `` the whole valley as far as the eye could reach was full of hundreds , no thousands—literally , tens of thousands—of smokes curling up from its fissured floor . ''
Samuel `` Sambo '' Mockbee ( December 23 , 1944 – December 30 , 2001 ) was an American architect and a co-founder of the Auburn University Rural Studio program in Hale County , Alabama .	Mockbee was born in Meridian , Mississippi .
The Students ' Islamic Movement of India ( abbreviated SIMI ) is a banned Islamist organisation that was formed in Aligarh , Uttar Pradesh , in April 1977 .	The stated mission of SIMI is the `` liberation of India '' from Western materialistic cultural influence and to convert its Muslim society to live according to the Muslim code of conduct .
In June 1948 he was appointed Chairman of Zhejiang Province , but was dismissed and arrested when his plan to surrender to the Chinese Communist Party was discovered .	He was sentenced to death and executed in Taipei in 1950 .
Many of these were in the territory of the former Russian Empire which collapsed following the Russian Revolution of 1917 .	Additional people 's republics were created following the Allied victory in World War II .
A raceme ( or ) is an unbranched , indeterminate type of inflorescence bearing `` pedicellate '' flowers ( flowers having short floral stalks called pedicels ) along its axis .	In botany , an `` axis '' means a shoot , in this case one bearing the flowers .
They provide the security and a point from which a person or subject ( The word `` victim '' has dropped , and changed to `` subject , '' due to the negative implications of the term `` victim '' ) can be belayed .	Belaying is the act of protecting the climber , rescue professional , or subject in the event of a fall .
Toni Collett ( born 1 November 1972 ) , credited professionally as Toni Collette , is an Australian actress and musician , known for her acting work on stage , television , and film , as well as a secondary career as the lead singer of the band Toni Collette & the Finish .	She has received six AACTA Awards , one Primetime Emmy , one Golden Globe and one Screen Actors Guild Award , and has been nominated twice for a BAFTA and once for an Academy Award and a Tony Award .
Confined spaces are often narrow and constricting , preventing easy access by rescuers .	They are usually either unlit or poorly lit , so rescuers must provide their own light source .
The Hellenic Air Force ( HAF ; , `` Polemikí Aeroporía '' , literally `` War Aviation '' , sometimes abbreviated as ΠΑ ) is the air force of Greece ( with Hellenic being a synonym for Greek ) .	The mission of the Hellenic Air Force is to guard and protect Greek airspace , provide air assistance and support to the Hellenic Army and the Hellenic Navy , as well as the provision of humanitarian aid in Greece and around the world .
The film , which stars actors Toni Collette , Rachel Griffiths , Jeanie Drynan , Sophie Lee , and Bill Hunter , focuses on the socially awkward Muriel whose ambition is to have a glamorous wedding and improve her personal life by moving from her dead end home town , the fictional Porpoise Spit , to Sydney .	The film received multiple award nominations , including a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy ( Collette ) .
Rescue comprises responsive operations that usually involve the saving of life , or prevention of injury during an incident or dangerous situation .	Tools used might include search and rescue dogs , mounted search and rescue horses , helicopters , the `` jaws of life '' , and other hydraulic cutting and spreading tools used to extricate individuals from wrecked vehicles .
It is often referred to as `` Nepali Chalchitra '' ( which translates to `` Nepalese movies '' in English ) .	This includes films in various languages of Nepal , most notably in nepali , Maithili and Bhojpuri .
Cave rescue borrows elements from firefighting , confined space rescue , rope rescue and mountaineering techniques but has also developed its own special techniques and skills for performing work in conditions that are almost always difficult and demanding .	Since cave accidents , on an absolute scale , are a very limited form of incident , and cave rescue is a very specialized skill , normal emergency staff are rarely employed in the underground elements of the rescue .
It termed the story `` an Arizona myth . ''	The story was also debunked in 2003 on the pilot episode of `` MythBusters '' , titled `` Jet Assisted Chevy '' .
The specific `` hybridus '' is Latin for `` hybrid '' ; Pallas thought it might be a hybrid of white-winged black tern and common tern , writing `` '' Sterna fissipes [ `` Chlidonias leucopterus '' ] et Hirundine [ `` Sterna hirundo '' ] natam '' ” .	This bird has a number of geographical races , differing mainly in size and minor plumage details .
The Ottoman Empire conferred the title `` Pasha '' on him in 1886 , and thereafter he was referred to as `` Emin Pasha '' .	Emin was born in Oppeln ( in present day Poland ) , Silesia , into a middle-class German Jewish family , which moved to Neisse when he was two years of age .
In January 1986 , he became the second sitting member of Congress to fly in space when he served as a payload specialist on the Space Shuttle `` Columbia '' .	Before entering politics he served in the U.S. Army Reserve in the Vietnam War .
Earl Benjamin Nelson ( born May 17 , 1941 ) is an American politician , businessman and lawyer who served as the 37th Governor of Nebraska from 1991 to 1999 and as a United States Senator from Nebraska from 2001 to 2013 .	He is a member of the Democratic Party .
Charles Timothy Hagel ( ; born October 4 , 1946 ) is an American veteran and former politician who served as a United States Senator from Nebraska from 1997 to 2009 and as the 24th United States Secretary of Defense from 2013 to 2015 in the Obama administration .	A recipient of two Purple Hearts while an infantry squad leader in the Vietnam War , Hagel returned home to start careers in business and politics .
Some mammals , such as camels , polar bears , seals and aardvarks , have full nictitating membranes .	Often called a third eyelid or haw , it may be referred to in scientific terminology as the `` plica semilunaris '' , `` membrana nictitans '' , or `` palpebra tertia '' .
He received his Juris Doctor degree from the University of South Carolina School of Law in 1981 .	He served in the United States Air Force from 1982 to 1988 and served in the South Carolina Air National Guard then in the Air Force Reserve , attaining the rank of colonel .
Roberts previously served as the Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence .	Born in Topeka , Kansas , Roberts is a graduate of Kansas State University .
Mame is a musical with the book by Jerome Lawrence and Robert Edwin Lee and music and lyrics by Jerry Herman .	Originally titled `` My Best Girl '' , it is based on the 1955 novel `` Auntie Mame '' by Patrick Dennis and a 1956 Broadway play , by Lawrence and Lee , that starred Rosalind Russell .
Fundamental to the notion of sustainable harvest , the concept of MSY aims to maintain the population size at the point of maximum growth rate by harvesting the individuals that would normally be added to the population , allowing the population to continue to be productive indefinitely .	Under the assumption of logistic growth , resource limitation does not constrain individuals ' reproductive rates when populations are small , but because there are few individuals , the overall yield is small .
He served alongside Democrat John Glenn as the junior U.S .	Senator from Ohio from 1995 until 1999 , when the swearing-in of fellow Republican and former Ohio Governor George Voinovich gave him seniority status .
Most Mercurian craters are named after famous writers , artists and composers .	According to the rules by IAU 's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature , all new craters must be named after an artist that was famous for more than fifty years , and dead for more than three years , before the date they are named .
A member of the Republican Party , Voinovich served as a United States Senator from 1999 to 2011 , as the 65th governor of Ohio from 1991 to 1998 , and as the 54th mayor of Cleveland from 1980 to 1989 , the last Republican to serve in that office .	Voinovich spent more than 46 years in public service – first as assistant attorney general of Ohio in 1963 , and finally as the senior United States Senator representing Ohio .
Equatoria is a region of southern South Sudan , along the upper reaches of the White Nile .	Originally a province of Egypt , it also contained most of northern parts of present-day Uganda , including Lake Albert .
It is among the northernmost locales with a paved connection to the rest of Quebec 's road network .	The population was 25,686 as of the Canada 2011 Census .
ComedySportz , started in 1984 in Milwaukee , WI , tends to emphasise the sports competition format more than Theatre sports , for example by having a referee who awards points and administers fouls .	The Australian shows `` Thank God You 're Here '' and `` TheatreGames LIVE '' follow a similar format to these shows .
The specific `` niloticus '' is from Latin and means of the Nile .	This is a fairly large and powerful tern , similar in size and general appearance to a Sandwich tern , but the short thick gull-like bill , broad wings , long legs and robust body are distinctive .
The degree is conferred for a habilitation thesis based on independent scholarship , which was reviewed by and successfully defended before an academic committee in a process similar to that of a doctoral dissertation .	In some countries , a habilitation degree is a required formal qualification to independently teach and examine a designated subject at the university level .
In mathematics , particularly in the theories of Lie groups , algebraic groups and topological groups , a homogeneous space for a group `` G '' is a non-empty manifold or topological space `` X '' on which `` G '' acts transitively .	The elements of `` G '' are called the symmetries of `` X '' .
He began his current term on 15 January 2016 following the opening of Singapore 's 13th Parliament .	Lee is the eldest son of Singapore 's first Prime Minister , Lee Kuan Yew .
Symi is part of the Rhodes regional unit .	The economy of Symi was traditionally based on the shipbuilding and sponge industries .
During World War I , he was a company commander and served in France in 1918 , as a 22-year old captain , where he was seriously wounded by shrapnel .	After the war , the future U.S. Army Chief of Staff , General George Marshall , noticed Clark 's abilities .
The term `` bycatch '' is also sometimes used for untargeted catch in other forms of animal harvesting or collecting .	It is interesting to note that the term `` deliberate '' by-catch is used to refer to the by-catch as a source of illegal wildlife trade ( IWT ) in several areas throughout world [ see : Ermolin and Svolkinas 2018 ]
The process was opened to other countries in the European Cultural Convention of the Council of Europe , and governmental meetings have been held in Prague ( 2001 ) , Berlin ( 2003 ) , Bergen ( 2005 ) , London ( 2007 ) and Leuven ( 2009 ) .	Before the signing of the Bologna declaration , the Magna Charta Universitatum was issued at a meeting of university rectors celebrating the 900th anniversary of the University of Bologna ( and European universities ) in 1988 .
In field theory , a subfield of algebra , a separable extension is an algebraic field extension formula_1 such that for every formula_2 , the minimal polynomial of formula_3 over `` F '' is a separable polynomial ( i.e. , its formal derivative is not zero ; see below for other equivalent definitions ) .	Otherwise , the extension is said to be inseparable .
Smashmouth was a band formed by guitarist Steve Pedersen , who was also in another band called Slowdown Virginia from Omaha , Nebraska at the time .	He recruited bassist Bart Volkmer and drummer Clint Schnase .
The English common names `` heath '' and `` heather '' are shared by some closely related genera of similar appearance .	The genus `` Calluna '' was formerly included in `` Erica '' – it differs in having even smaller scale-leaves ( less than 2–3 mm long ) , and the flower corolla consisting of separate petals .
Unlike IEC 60309 connectors , they are not coded for voltage ; users must ensure that the voltage rating of the equipment is compatible with the mains supply .	The first edition of IEC 320 ( later renumbered IEC 60320 ) was published in 1970 .
Windows 7 was primarily intended to be an incremental upgrade to Microsoft Windows , intended to address Windows Vista 's poor critical reception while maintaining hardware and software compatibility .	Windows 7 continued improvements on Windows Aero ( the user interface introduced in Windows Vista ) with the addition of a redesigned taskbar that allows applications to be `` pinned '' to it , and new window management features .
The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival .	Cheung is employed to play the film-within-the-film 's heroine , Irma Vep ( an anagram for `` vampire '' ) , a burglar , who spends most of the film dressed in a tight , black , latex rubber catsuit , defending her director 's odd choices to hostile crew members and journalists .
Prince Lazar Hrebeljanović ( and later sometimes called tsar Stefan Lazar Hrebeljanović ) ( ; ca .	1329 – 15 June 1389 ) was a medieval Serbian ruler who created the largest and most powerful state on the territory of the disintegrated Serbian Empire .
He eventually became the Serbian Minister of War in April 1908 and was responsible for instituting changes in the Serbian Army .	Stepanović commanded Serbian forces during the two Balkan Wars and led the Serbian Second Army during World War I .
Field Marshal Živojin Mišić ( ) ( 19 July 1855 in Struganik – 20 January 1921 in Belgrade ) was a Field Marshal who participated in all of Serbia 's wars from 1876 to 1918 .	He directly commanded the First Serbian army in the Battle of Kolubara and in breach of the Thessaloniki Front was the Chief of the Supreme Command .
Survive he did , and was tonsured as a monk under the name `` Nikolaj '' .	He was ordained into the clergy , and quickly became an important leader and spokesperson for the Serbian Orthodox Church , especially in its relations with the West .
He had two younger brothers , Milutin and Miljko .	His father was called `` Sirenjar Petar '' ( `` Peter the Cheese Maker '' ) due to his multitude of livestock which he possessed , and the amount of cheese he sold .
Currently Diebold Nixdorf is headquartered in the Akron-Canton area with a presence in around 130 countries , and the company employs approximately 23,000 people .	Founded in 1859 in Cincinnati , Ohio as the Diebold Bahmann Safe Company , the company eventually changed its name to Diebold Safe & Lock Company .
Knowing that he and his fighters would be impaled if captured , Sinđelić detonated a powder magazine within the rebel entrenchment , killing himself , his fellow rebels and the encroaching Ottoman soldiers .	Vizier Hurshid Pasha ordered that a tower be made from the skulls of the fallen rebels .
He is remembered for his actions during the Battle of Čegar Hill in 1809 , in which he and the Resava Brigade found themselves surrounded by the Ottomans .	Encircled and without much chance of survival , Sinđelić ignited the gunpowder kegs in the powder cave , creating an enormous explosion that killed him , all of the Serb and Ottoman soldiers .
The recommended text was made Law on May 11 , 2009 .	The original song was written in 1872 with music by Davorin Jenko and lyrics by Jovan Đorđević .
Francis Claud Cockburn ( ; 12 April 1904 – 15 December 1981 ) was a British journalist .	His saying `` believe nothing until it has been officially denied '' is widely quoted in journalistic studies , although he did not claim credit for originating it .
The African forest elephant ( `` Loxodonta cyclotis '' ) is a forest-dwelling species of elephant found in the Congo Basin .	It is the smallest of the three extant species of elephant , but still one of the largest living terrestrial animals .
In mathematics , the isoperimetric inequality is a geometric inequality involving the surface area of a set and its volume .	In formula_1-dimensional space formula_2 the inequality lower bounds the surface area formula_3 of a set formula_4 by its volume formula_5 ,
In recent years , Bolivarianism 's most significant political manifestation was in the government of Venezuela 's president Hugo Chávez , who from the beginning of his presidency called himself a Bolivarian patriot and applied his interpretation of several of Bolívar 's ideals to everyday affairs , as part of the Bolivarian Revolution .	That included the 1999 Constitution , which changed Venezuela 's name to the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela and other ideas such as the Bolivarian Schools , Bolivarian Circles and the Bolivarian University of Venezuela .
He was the first career employee ever to become director of the agency .	Eckler was born in Van Hornesville , New York in 1901 and lived on a farm until he attended Hamilton College .
He first proposed this in `` Stenographic Soundhand '' in 1837 .	He was also the vice-president of the Vegetarian Society .
The two living solenodon species are the Cuban solenodon ( `` Solenodon cubanus '' ) , and the Hispaniolan solenodon ( `` Solenodon paradoxus '' ) .	The Hispaniolan solenodon covers a wide range of habitats on the island of Hispaniola from lowland dry forest to highland pine forest .
Psilocybin mushrooms may have been used in ancient religious rites and ceremonies .	They are depicted in Stone Age rock art in Europe and Africa , but most famously represented in the Pre-Columbian sculptures and glyphs seen throughout Central and South America .
She founded an orphanage in Cooperstown , New York and made it a successful charity .	The daughter of writer James Fenimore Cooper , she served as his secretary and amanuensis late in his life .
Most of these rituals existed long before the germ theory of disease , and figure prominently from the earliest known religious systems of the Ancient Near East .	Some writers remark that similarities between cleansing actions , engaged in by obsessive compulsive people , and those of religious purification rites point to an ultimate origin of the rituals in the personal grooming behaviour of the primates , but others connect the rituals to primitive taboos .
World War I weapons included types standardised and improved over the preceding period , together with some newly developed types using innovative technology and a number of improvised weapons used in trench warfare .	Military technology of the time included important innovations in grenades , poison gas , and artillery , along with essentially new weapons such as the submarine , warplane and tank .
Funimation Productions , LLC ( commonly known as Funimation ) is an American entertainment company that specializes in the dubbing and distribution of foreign content , most notably anime .	Sony Pictures Entertainment , a division of the Japanese conglomerate Sony , is its majority owner .
Technology played a significant role in World War II .	Some of the technologies used during the war were developed during the interwar years of the 1920s and 1930s , much was developed in response to needs and lessons learned during the war , while others were beginning to be developed as the war ended .
Browne graduated from the University of Leiden in 1633 having previously studied at the Universities of Montpellier and Padua for his medical degree .	Upon his establishment in Norwich as a physician he was able to begin a lifetime 's bibliophilia , building a private library , acquiring and reading an estimated 1,500 titles .
Austerlitz ( ) is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht .	It is a part of the municipality of Zeist , and lies about 6 km east of Zeist .
A concept found in many ancient cultures , take-out food is now common worldwide , with a number of different cuisines and dishes on offer .	The concept of prepared meals to be eaten elsewhere dates back to antiquity .
Hof is a `` Landkreis '' ( district ) in Bavaria , Germany .	It is bounded by ( from the south and clockwise ) the districts of Wunsiedel , Bayreuth , Kulmbach and Kronach , the states of Thuringia ( district of Saale-Orla ) and Saxony ( district of Vogtlandkreis ) , and the Czech Republic .
Olivier Assayas ( born 25 January 1955 ) is a French film director , screenwriter and film critic .	Assayas was born in Paris , France , the son of French director/screenwriter Raymond Assayas , alias Jacques Rémy ( 1911–1981 ) .
Among them is the soldier Marlene Angel , who at first appears to be heartless toward others .	On the journey to Second Earth , Yuji meets many of the humans that were left behind during the evacuation due to limited resources .
It was formed in Bloemfontein on 4 February 1939 by pro-German Afrikaners .	During the 19th century , most of the Boers of the northeastern Cape frontier migrated to the interior , and established the Orange Free State and South African Republic , which were independent of Britain .
Paddle Wheel Records is a division of King Record Co .	You !
London Records ( or London Recordings ) is a British record label that marketed records in the United States , Canada , and Latin America from 1947 to 1979 before becoming semi-independent .	London arose from the split in ownership between the British and American branches of Decca Records .
She has also jokingly called Bindiger `` her English teacher '' at Anime Expo 2003 .	One of Kajiura 's solo projects include FictionJunction .
Panart was one of the first and most successful independent record label in Cuba , founded in 1944 by engineer Ramón Sabat .	In 1961 , its studios were seized by Fidel Castro 's communist regime and the label was nationalized , becoming `` Panart Nacionalizada '' , which shortly after was absorbed by EGREM .
The game was released in North America and the PAL region for the Nintendo Entertainment System in late 1988 , almost two years after its initial release in Japan .	`` The Adventure of Link '' is a direct sequel to the original `` The Legend of Zelda '' , again involving the protagonist , Link , on a quest to save Princess Zelda , who has fallen under a sleeping spell .
Oriole Records was an American record label founded in 1921 by McCrory 's stores .	The Oriole label first appeared in 1921 , selling for 25 cents per disc record .
Aerial photography should not be confused with air-to-air photography , where one or more aircraft are used as chase planes that `` chase '' and photograph other aircraft in flight .	Aerial photography was first practiced by the French photographer and balloonist Gaspard-Félix Tournachon , known as `` Nadar '' , in 1858 over Paris , France .
Aftonbladet ( ) is a Swedish evening newspaper published in Stockholm , Sweden .	It is one of the largest daily newspapers in the Nordic countries .
The block was placed on the original TechTV in early 2003 and moved to G4techTV after the two networks merged .	Titles airing on the block almost exclusively came from domestic anime distributors ADV Films , Bandai Entertainment and Geneon Entertainment USA ( formerly Pioneer Entertainment ) .
Elvstrøm competed in eight Olympic Games from 1948 to 1988 , being one of only six persons ever ( the others are sailor Ben Ainslie , swimmer Michael Phelps , wrestler Kaori Icho , and athletes Carl Lewis in the long jump and Al Oerter in the discus ) to win four consecutive individual gold medals ( 1948–60 ) , first time in a Firefly , subsequently in Finns .	In his last two Olympic games he sailed the Tornado Catamaran class , which , in those days , was normally sailed by two young men , with his daughter Trine Elvstrøm as forward hand .
It is located at latitude 45°3'30 '' North , longitude 89°11'3 '' West .	The community is located near the headwaters of the Middle Branch Embarrass River , approximately 1½ miles west of the junction of WIS 47 , WIS 52 and U.S. Highway 45 in the Town of Rolling .
Williams Street also produces Toonami and formerly produced Miguzi .	Debuting in 2001 , Adult Swim serves as the nighttime identity of Cartoon Network , and was established as alternative programming during the late night hours when Cartoon Network 's primary target audience , children between the ages of 6–15 , would normally be sleeping .
This is a special case of the three conics theorem .	The three radical axes meet in a single point , the radical center , for the following reason .
The movement of coal to ships rapidly became a lucrative business , and the line was soon extended to a new port and town at Middlesbrough .	While coal waggons were hauled by steam locomotives from the start , passengers were carried in coaches drawn by horses until carriages hauled by steam locomotives were introduced in 1833 .
Hallam was born in London , son of the historian Henry Hallam .	He attended school at Eton , where he met the future prime minister , William Ewart Gladstone .
Emilia Tennyson ( 1811–1887 ) , known simply as Emily within her family , was a younger sister of Alfred , Lord Tennyson , and the fiancée of Arthur Henry Hallam , for whom Tennyson 's poem , `` In Memoriam A.H.H .	`` , was written .
Emily Sarah Tennyson , Lady Tennyson ( Sellwood ; 9 July 1813 – 10 August 1896 ) was the wife of the poet Alfred , Lord Tennyson , and a creative talent in her own right .	She was born in Horncastle , Lincolnshire .
SHAPE is located at Casteau , north of the Belgian city of Mons .	The commander of ACO and SHAPE is Supreme Allied Commander Europe ( SACEUR ) , a U.S. four-star general officer or flag officer who also serves as Commander , U.S. European Command .
Robert Gérard Goulet ( November 26 , 1933 October 30 , 2007 ) was an American singer and actor of French-Canadian ancestry .	Goulet was born and raised in Lawrence , Massachusetts .
West displayed little ambition in academics , dropping out of high school and only gaining admission into Tufts College by forging his high school transcript .	After being expelled from Tufts , West got into Brown University by appropriating the transcript of a fellow Tufts student , his cousin , Nathan Weinstein .
In addition , a number of specialized areas in the general field of psychology have applied branches ( e.g. , applied social psychology , applied cognitive psychology ) .	However , the lines between sub-branch specializations and major applied psychology categories are often blurred .
During the First Republic and the First Empire , he filled successive judicial offices at Louviers , Rouen and Évreux .	He had adopted revolutionary principles , and in 1798 began his political life as a member of the French Directory 's Council of Five Hundred .
Several studies of the consensus have been undertaken .	Among the most-cited is a 2013 study of nearly 12,000 abstracts of peer-reviewed papers on climate science published since 1990 , of which just over 4,000 papers expressed an opinion on the cause of recent global warming .
He is currently Presidential Chair Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Southern California 's Viterbi School of Engineering , which was named in his honor in 2004 in recognition of his $ 52 million gift .	Viterbi was born in Bergamo , Italy to Italian Jewish parents and emigrated with them in 1939 to the United States as a refugee because of the Italian racial laws .
August Schleicher ( ; ; 19 February 1821 – 6 December 1868 ) was a German linguist .	His great work was `` A Compendium of the Comparative Grammar of the Indo-European Languages '' , in which he attempted to reconstruct the Proto-Indo-European language .
Bowring was born in Exeter of Charles Bowring ( 1769–1856 ) , a wool merchant whose main market was China , from an old Unitarian family , and Sarah Jane Anne ( d. 1828 ) , the daughter of Thomas Lane , vicar of St Ives , Cornwall .	His last formal education was at a Unitarian school in Moretonhampstead and he started work in his father 's business at age 13 .
The ship was authorized by the United States Congress on 2 January 1813 and was laid down in May of that year at the Portsmouth Navy Yard under a contract with the shipbuilders , Hart and Badger .	The ship was launched on 1 October 1814 and was commissioned at Portsmouth on 26 August 1815 , Captain John Orde Creighton in command .
Uroš inherited many personality traits from his mother and paternal grandfather Stefan Nemanja , who raised him along with his two older brothers ( Stefan Radoslav and Stefan Vladislav ) .	( Note that `` Stefan '' is a high-ranking title , not only a name ) .
Bowen was educated at Charterhouse School and Trinity College , Oxford .	Bowen , twice President of the Oxford Union , was awarded a first class Bachelor of Arts degree in classics in 1844 , and was elected a fellow of Brasenose College .
He earned $ 2,913,314 during his career .	His harness racing victories included three consecutive Prix d'Amérique at Vincennes , the second by approximately 18 lengths .
The species ' distinctive features include its long , curved neck , narrow chest , a single hump ( compared with two on the Bactrian camel and wild Bactrian camel ) , and long hairs on the throat , shoulders and hump .	The coat is generally a shade of brown .
Councils of Ministers are usually composed of those ministers	who are responsible for a ministry , and are usually led by the President of the Council of Ministers , a term that is usually translated as `` Prime Minister '' .
Highways in Greece are generally organized so that the odd-numbered highways are of north-south alignment and even numbered highways are of east-west alignment .	However , there are many exceptions .
Mack Lobell ( 1984–2016 ) was a brown racing trotter by Mystic Park out of Matina Hanover by Speedy Count .	He won $ 3,917,594 during his career and was elected Harness Horse of the Year in 1987 and 1988 .
Similar committees exist in every U.S. state and most U.S. counties , although in some states party organization is structured by congressional district , allied campaign organizations being governed by a national committee .	Ronna Romney McDaniel is the current committee chairwoman .
It was named after Baron Justus von Liebig , the 19th-century German organic chemist who developed and promoted a method for industrial production of beef extract .	In 1847 , Justus von Liebig developed a concentrated beef extract in hopes of providing a cheap and nutritious meat substitute , `` Extractum carnis Liebig '' , for those unable to afford the real thing .
For example , if there is no inner model for a measurable cardinal , then the Dodd–Jensen core model , `` K '' is the core model and satisfies the covering property , that is for every uncountable set `` x '' of ordinals , there is `` y '' such that `` y '' ⊃ '' x '' , `` y '' has the same cardinality as `` x '' , and `` y '' ∈ '' K '' .	( If 0 does not exist , then `` K '' = '' L '' . )
Though neurotoxins are often neurologically destructive , their ability to specifically target neural components is important in the study of nervous systems .	Common examples of neurotoxins include lead , ethanol ( drinking alcohol ) , manganese glutamate , nitric oxide , botulinum toxin ( e.g .
It is also the capital of Uri .	The municipality covers an area of and is located just about south of the mouth of the Reuss , which flows into the Lake Lucerne , here called the `` Urnersee '' .
Albert Hamilton Gordon ( July 21 , 1901 – May 1 , 2009 ) , was an American businessman who transformed the Wall Street firm of Kidder Peabody .	He bought the firm in 1931 and remained its chairman until selling it to General Electric in 1986 .
According to the Seikai novels of Morioka Hiroyuki , there are six ways that define a person as an Abh :	The Abhs as a Race/Nation/Ethnic Group is the most commonly accepted definition amongst the citizens and subjects of the `` Frybarec '' ( Abh Empire ) .
In 1984 , during his studies at the University of Warsaw ( Polish language and literature ) , he joined SFAN science fiction fan association and started writing short stories .	His first science-fiction short story ( `` Z palcem na spuście '' ) was published in 1982 .
Its defining method can briefly be described as `` going backwards from the theorems to the axioms '' , in contrast to the ordinary mathematical practice of deriving theorems from axioms .	It can be conceptualized as sculpting out necessary conditions from sufficient ones .
He was Governor of Hong Kong ( 1907–1912 ) , the last Governor of the Southern Nigeria Protectorate ( 1912–1914 ) , the first High Commissioner ( 1900–1906 ) and last Governor ( 1912–1914 ) of the Northern Nigeria Protectorate and the first Governor-General of Nigeria ( 1914–1919 ) .	Lugard was born in Madras ( now Chennai ) in India , but was raised in Worcester , England .
It was founded by journalist , politician , and nationalist Henri Bourassa in 1910 .	`` Le Devoir '' is the only independent large-circulation newspaper in Quebec and one of the few in Canada , in a market dominated by the media conglomerates of Power Corporation 's Gesca Limitée ( including `` La Presse '' ) and Quebecor ( including `` Le Journal de Montréal '' ) .
She would ultimately set 17 world records over her skating career .	At the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid , New York , she participated in three demonstration events with all competitors from Canada and the United States .
Electron ionization is widely used in mass spectrometry , particularly for organic molecules .	The gas phase reaction producing electron ionization is
The magazine sold over 7.5billion copies since 1968 , making it the best-selling comic/manga magazine .	Many of the best-selling manga originate from `` Weekly Shōnen Jump '' .
where the four numbers formula_2 are integers .	For illustration , 3 , 31 and 310 can be represented as the sum of four squares as follows :
The Royal Military College was conceived by Colonel John Le Marchant , whose scheme for establishing schools for the military instruction of officers at High Wycombe and Great Marlow first met strong resistance on the grounds of cost .	However , in 1801 Parliament voted a grant of £30,000 for it , and in 1802 Le Marchant , appointed as the first Lieutenant Governor of the College , opened its Junior Department at a large house in West Street , Great Marlow , to train gentleman cadets for the infantry and cavalry regiments of the British Army and for the presidency armies of British India , 1802 was the same year as the founding of the French Army 's Saint-Cyr and of West Point in the United States .
Thrapston is a small town in Northamptonshire , England .	It is the headquarters of the East Northamptonshire district , and at the time of the 2011 census , had a population of 6,239 .
For a complete list of minor planets in numerical order , see List of minor planets .	Asteroids are given minor planet numbers , but not all minor planets are asteroids .
Kimbolton lies approximately west of Huntingdon and north of Bedford .	Kimbolton is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being a historic county of England .
Organized Rhyme was a Canadian hip hop group based in Ottawa , Ontario .	The group became one of the first Canadian rap acts to sign a record deal with a major label ( A & M Records ) and the video for their debut single `` Check the O.R . ''
Collegiality is the relationship between `` colleagues '' .	Colleague is taken to mean a fellow member of the same profession , a group of colleagues united in a common purpose , and used in proper names , such as Electoral College , College of Cardinals , and College of Pontiffs .
He was born in Paris , the eldest son of Jean-Baptiste Cavaignac and the brother of General Eugène Cavaignac ; he was the uncle of Jacques Marie Eugène Godefroy Cavaignac .	Like his father , a Republican of the intransigent type , he was bitterly disappointed by the triumph of the monarchical principle after the Revolution of July 1830 , in which he had taken part .
Related concepts include finitely cogenerated modules , finitely presented modules , finitely related modules and coherent modules all of which are defined below .	Over a Noetherian ring the concepts of finitely generated , finitely presented and coherent modules coincide .
The College of Pontiffs was one of the four major priestly colleges ; originally their responsibility was limited to supervising both public and private sacrifices , but as time passed their responsibilities increased .	The other colleges were the augurs ( who read omens ) , the `` quindecimviri sacris faciundis `` ( `` fifteen men who carry out the rites '' ) , and the Epulones ( who set up feasts at festivals ) .
Variety shows were a staple of anglophone television from the late 1940s into the 1980s .	While still widespread in some parts of the world , such as in the United Kingdom with the `` Royal Variety Performance '' , the proliferation of multichannel television and evolving viewer tastes have affected the popularity of variety shows in the United States .
George Albert Francis ( 1928–3 or 4 April 2002 ) , known professionally as George Francis , was a British boxing athletic trainer who trained world champion boxers such as Frank Bruno , John Conteh , Bunny Sterling , John Mugabi , and Cornelius Boza Edwards .	George Francis was born in Camden Town , north London .
The federally recognized tribe primarily resides on and around the Lummi Indian Reservation ( ) to the west of Bellingham in western Whatcom County , south of the border with Canada .	The Lummi , and most of the other northwest coastal tribes included in the Point Elliott Treaty of 1855 , were paid a total of $ 150,000 for their lands and paid an additional $ 15,000 in relocation costs and expenses .
The leadership of both major U.S. political parties , the Democrats and the Whigs , opposed the introduction of Texas , a vast slave-holding region , into the volatile political climate of the pro- and anti-slavery sectional controversies in Congress .	Moreover , they wished to avoid a war with Mexico , whose government refused to acknowledge the sovereignty of its rebellious northern province .
They were extremely popular , and achieved a total of 300-500 million booklets sold over the series ' lifetime .	A Big Blue Book range was also published .
Photojournalism is distinguished from other close branches of photography ( e.g. , documentary photography , social documentary photography , street photography or celebrity photography ) by complying with a rigid ethical framework which demands that the work be both honest and impartial whilst telling the story in strictly journalistic terms .	Photojournalists create pictures that contribute to the news media , and help communities connect with one other .
Since the 14th century , some settlers from Masovia started to settle in southern Prussia , which had been devastated by the crusades of the Teutonic Knights against the native Old Prussians .	According to other sources , people from Masovia did not move to southern Prussia until the time of the Protestant Reformation , Prussia having become Lutheran in 1525 .
They lay four to seven eggs in a scrape on the ground lined with grass and down .	When he first described the king eider in 1758 , in the 10th edition of his opus Systema Naturae , Carl Linnaeus assigned it to the genus `` Anas '' , along with the rest of the ducks .
Bautzen ( ; Upper Sorbian : Budyšin ; Lower Sorbian : `` Budyšyn '' , , ) is a hill-top town in eastern Saxony , Germany , and administrative centre of the eponymous district .	It is located on the Spree River .
Pellagra is a disease caused by a lack of the vitamin niacin ( vitamin B ) .	Symptoms include inflamed skin , diarrhea , dementia , and sores in the mouth .
University of Wales , Lampeter ( ) was a university in Lampeter , Wales .	Founded in 1822 , and given its royal charter in 1828 , it was the oldest degree awarding institution in Wales , with degree awarding powers since 1852 , and the fourth oldest institution of higher learning in England and Wales after the universities of Oxford , Cambridge and Durham ( founded as a university in 1832 ) .
Call signs are frequently still used by North American broadcast stations , in addition to amateur radio and other international radio stations that continue to identify by call signs around the world .	Each country has a different set of patterns for its own call signs .
Police units in the United States tend to use a tactical designator ( or tactical callsign ) consisting of a letter of the police radio alphabet followed by one or two numbers .	For example , `` Mary One '' might identify the head of a city 's homicide division .
However , human migration has led to the importation of many other plants ( generally referred to as 'exotics ' in New Zealand ) as well as widespread damage to the indigenous flora , especially after the advent of European colonisation , due to the combined efforts of farmers and specialised societies dedicated to importing European plants & animals .	Indigenous New Zealand flora generally has the following characteristics :
It forms around fertilized or unfertilized egg yolks .	The primary natural purpose of egg white is to protect the yolk and provide additional nutrition for the growth of the embryo ( when fertilized ) .
They have a happy marriage , professional success and a loving son .	But later , Elena finds a hotel receipt in Alberto 's pocket and discovers that he has been unfaithful to her .
They are most commonly used in tactical jet aircraft communities ( i.e. , fighter and attack ) than in other aircraft communities ( i.e. , airlift , mobility , maritime patrol ) , but their use is not totally exclusive to the former .	Many NASA Astronauts with military aviator backgrounds are referred to during spaceflights by their call signs rather than their first names .
It was first performed at the opening of the Theater Baden-Baden on 9 August 1862 .	Berlioz conducted the first two performances of a German version in Weimar in 1863 , where , as he wrote in his memoirs , he was `` overwhelmed by all sorts of kind attention . ''
In contrast to real numbers that have the property of varying `` smoothly '' , the objects studied in discrete mathematics – such as integers , graphs , and statements in logic – do not vary smoothly in this way , but have distinct , separated values .	Discrete mathematics therefore excludes topics in `` continuous mathematics '' such as calculus and analysis .
She appeared in numerous films of the French New Wave and twice earned the national César Award for Best Supporting Actress .	Pisier was born in Dalat , French Indochina , where her father was serving as colonial governor of French Indochina .
He briefly toured with Black Sabbath from July 1987 through December 1987 , and in a one-off gig in May 1988 .	He also appeared as their drummer in Black Sabbath 's music video for their single `` The Shining '' from their 1987 album `` The Eternal Idol '' .
It is much admired for its folk music-inspired themes , one of the most famous being the `` '' ( `` Evening Benediction '' ) from act 2 .	The idea for the opera was proposed to Humperdinck by his sister , who approached him about writing music for songs that she had written for her children for Christmas based on `` Hansel and Gretel '' .
Daniel Ceccaldi ( 25 July 1927 – 27 March 2003 ) was a French actor .	He was born in Meaux , Seine-et-Marne , France .
He signed up with Warner Bros. at age 25 as a minor contract player , but he later starred in films like `` The Captive City '' ( 1952 ) .	He co-starred opposite Loretta Young in `` It Happens Every Thursday '' ( 1953 ) , Edmund Gwenn and Shirley MacLaine in `` The Trouble With Harry '' ( 1955 ) , and Olivia De Havilland in `` The Ambassador 's Daughter '' ( 1956 ) .
From then on , the tabloid press would refer to Glas frequently as `` Schätzchen '' .	In the late '60s and early '70s , Glas appeared in many slapstick movies , notably in three films of the seven-part series ( 1967–72 ) `` '' ( `` The Brats on the Front Bench Row '' ) .
Semele ( HWV 58 ) is a 'musical drama ' , originally presented `` after the manner of an oratorio '' , in three parts by George Frideric Handel .	Based on a pre-existent opera libretto by William Congreve , the work is an opera in all but name but was first presented in concert form at Covent Garden theatre on 10 February 1744 .
Semele is an opera by John Eccles .	The libretto is by William Congreve , drawing on the Greek myth of Semele .
The mainstay members were Anna Burley on lead vocals and guitar and Craig Pilkington on lead guitar and vocals .	They attracted a wide following in the vibrant pub scene .
Equal opportunity ( also known as equality of opportunity ) is a state of fairness in which job applicants are treated similarly , unhampered by artificial barriers or prejudices or preferences , except when particular distinctions can be explicitly justified .	According to this often complex and contested concept , the intent is that the important jobs in an organization should go to the people who are most qualified – persons most likely to perform ably in a given task – and not go to persons for reasons deemed arbitrary or irrelevant , such as circumstances of birth , upbringing , having well-connected relatives or friends , religion , sex , ethnicity , race , caste , or involuntary personal attributes such as disability , age , gender identity , or sexual orientation .
The Stridsvagn 103 ( Strv 103 ) , also known as the S-Tank , was a Swedish post-WWII main battle tank .	It is known for its unconventional design : it was turretless with a fixed gun traversed by engaging the tracks and elevated by adjusting the hull suspension .
The Dachau camp system grew to include nearly 100 sub-camps , which were mostly work camps or `` '' , and were located throughout southern Germany and Austria .	The camps were liberated by U.S. forces on 29 April 1945 .
He took his stage name from the character Roch Siffredi played by Alain Delon in the French gangster film `` Borsalino '' ( 1970 ) .	Known as the `` Italian Stallion '' , Siffredi has starred in more than 1,300 pornographic films .
Deoband is located about 150 km from Delhi .	After the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , Darul Uloom Deoband learning centre was established on 21 May 1866 by Maulana Muhammad Qasim Nanautavi r.a .
They are produced on a large scale for many applications .	In general , low molecular weight epoxides are colourless and nonpolar , and often volatile .
Source : Omniglot	The following Latin letters are also found in names of non-Slovene origin : Ć ( mehki č ) , Đ ( mehki dž ) , Q ( ku ) , W ( dvojni ve ) , X ( iks ) , and Y ( ipsilon ) , Ä , Ë , Ö , Ü .
In April 1988 Moor was replaced by Craig Hooper , who was replaced in turn by Luke Blackburn , in May 1989 .	The group issued two studio albums , `` From Now On '' ( May 1987 ) and `` Almost Pure '' ( April 1991 ) , before disbanding later that year .
After receiving a knighthood in 1897 , he added `` Wolfe '' to his inherited name in 1898 to become Sir John Wolfe Barry .	Wolfe Barry was educated at Glenalmond and King 's College London , where he was a pupil of civil engineer Sir John Hawkshaw , as was Henry Marc Brunel , son of the great Isambard Kingdom Brunel .
The story falls broadly into three parts .	In Post-World War II London , Jean Paget , a secretary in a leather goods factory , is informed by solicitor Noel Strachan that she has inherited a considerable sum of money from an uncle she never knew .
Baillif is a commune of Guadeloupe , an overseas region and department of France located in the Lesser Antilles .	Baillif is a suburb of Basse-Terre , the prefecture and second largest urban area of Guadeloupe located on Basse-Terre Island ( the western-half of Guadeloupe ) .
Born in Chatham , Ontario , she studied at the University of Windsor , earning a bachelor of arts in psychology .	She and her husband Pierre are the parents of three adult children : Stephanie , Michael and John ; Stephanie ran for Brampton City Council in the 2006 election but was defeated .
The lake averages between in width and is wide at its widest point ( Van Hook Arm ) .	Lake Sakakawea marks the maximum southwest extent of glaciation during the ice age .
Capesterre-Belle-Eau covers an area of 103.3 km² ( 39.884 sq mi ) .	The 1999 population was 19,568 .
Administratium is a well-known in-joke in scientific circles and is a parody both on the bureaucracy of scientific establishments and on descriptions of newly discovered chemical elements .	In 1991 , Thomas Kyle ( the supposed discoverer of this element ) was awarded an Ig Nobel Prize for physics , making him one of only three fictional people to have won the award .
His first stage performance was in primary school , playing a character in `` The Ragged School '' .	He then attended Uppingham School .
In 1999 it had a population of 171,773 inhabitants in its urban area , of whom 17,541 lived in the city ( commune ) of Pointe-à-Pitre proper .	The inhabitants are called `` Pointois '' .
The cognomen `` Gallica '' suggests that recruits were originally from Gaul .	The legion was still active in Egypt in the early 4th century .
His mother Vistilia came from a family which held the praetorship .	Corbulo 's early career is unknown but he was suffect consul in 39 AD during the reign of Caligula , his brother-in-law through Caligula 's marriage to Corbulo 's half-sister Milonia Caesonia .
It was recorded at Nothing Studios in New Orleans and produced by the band 's eponymous vocalist along with Sean Beavan , former Skinny Puppy member Dave Ogilvie and Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails .	The recording of the album was marred by excessive drug use , which provoked a high level of antagonism between band members .
The group consists of three singing animated anthropomorphic chipmunks : Alvin , the mischievous troublemaker , who quickly became the star of the group ; Simon , the tall , bespectacled intellectual ; and Theodore , the chubby , impressionable sweetheart .	The trio is managed by their human adoptive father , David ( Dave ) Seville .
The lectures were inaugurated in 1948 by the BBC to mark the historic contribution made to public service broadcasting by Lord Reith , the corporation 's first director-general .	Reith maintained that broadcasting should be a public service which enriches the intellectual and cultural life of the nation .
The story follows bounty hunter Samus Aran on her mission to exterminate the Metroid creatures from their home planet before the Space Pirates can obtain them .	Players must find and destroy the Metroids to progress through the planet 's tunnels .
The publication appeared continually from 1732 to 1758 .	It sold exceptionally well for a pamphlet published in the American colonies ; print runs reached 10,000 per year .
Many WIs belong to the Associated Country Women of the World organization .	The WI movement began at Stoney Creek , Ontario in Canada in 1897 when Adelaide Hoodless addressed a meeting for the wives of members of the Farmers ' Institute .
It was released through Nintendo 's Virtual Console in 2007 and as part of the Super NES Classic Edition microconsole in 2017 .	The gameplay focuses on exploration , with the player searching for power-ups that are used to reach previously inaccessible areas .
He was tall ( 1.92 m ) and was an active rugby player .	After briefly working at Cavaillon , in 1927 he performed his military service in the artillery in Nîmes .
The school teaches `` manqulat '' ( revealed Islamic sciences ) according to the Hanafi school of Islamic jurisprudence .	In this seminary , Nanautawi instituted modern methods of learning such as teaching in classrooms , a fixed and carefully selected curriculum , lectures by academics who were leaders in their fields , exam periods , merit prizes , and a publishing press .
She was the youngest daughter of the general and consul Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo .	Domitia divorced her first husband , Lucius Aelius Lamia Plautius Aelianus in order to marry Domitian in AD 71 .
The rivers Traun and Krems run through the municipality .	The town is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of the composer and organist Anton Bruckner .
It was one of the first high-performance vehicles with all-wheel drive , providing the basis for Porsche 's first all-wheel drive 911 Carrera 4 model .	Its performance convinced Porsche executives to make all-wheel drive standard on all turbocharged versions of the 911 starting with the 993 .
Jordan was born in Lyon and educated at the École polytechnique .	He was an engineer by profession ; later in life he taught at the École polytechnique and the Collège de France , where he had a reputation for eccentric choices of notation .
She is the `` granddaughter '' of Death , the Disc 's Grim Reaper , and , as such , has `` inherited '' a number of his abilities .	She appeared in three `` Discworld '' novels : `` Soul Music '' , `` Hogfather '' , and `` Thief of Time '' .
Brian Holland ( born February 15 , 1941 ) is an American songwriter and record producer , best known as a member of Holland–Dozier–Holland , the songwriting and production team that was responsible for much of the Motown sound and numerous hit records by artists such as Martha and the Vandellas , The Supremes , The Four Tops , and The Isley Brothers .	Holland , along with Lamont Dozier , served as the team 's musical arranger and producer .
From 1957 to 1966 he worked at Saarland University , Saarbrücken , and from 1969 he worked in Munich , first at the Max Planck Institute .	In 1970 he founded the private Munich-based `` Frederic Vester Studiengruppe für Biologie und Umwelt GmbH '' ( `` Frederic Vester Study Group for Biology and Environment , Ltd. ) , renamed `` Frederic Vester GmbH '' ( `` Frederic Vester , Ltd. '' ) after his death .
Edward `` Eddie '' Holland Jr. ( born October 30 , 1939 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and record producer .	Holland was born in Detroit , Michigan .
The assembly was established in 2000 and meets at City Hall on the south bank of the River Thames , close to Tower Bridge .	The assembly is also able to investigate other issues of importance to Londoners ( transport , environmental matters , etc .
UPGMA ( Unweighted Pair Group Method with Arithmetic Mean ) is a simple agglomerative ( bottom-up ) hierarchical clustering method .	The method is generally attributed to Sokal and Michener .
In the 1940s and 1950s Rodríguez established the `` conjunto '' format and contributed to the development the son montuno , the basic template of modern-day salsa .	He claimed to be the true creator of the mambo and was an important as well as a prolific composer who wrote nearly two hundred songs .
The band 's name comes from the Harry Dean Stanton character Travis Henderson from the film `` Paris , Texas '' .	The band is widely claimed by the media as having paved the way for other bands such as Keane and Coldplay to go onto achieve worldwide success throughout the 2000s , particularly through the band 's `` The Man Who '' ( 1999 ) album .
This form is also used in music , in which it falls in the general category of antiphony .	In African cultures , call-and-response is a widespread pattern of democratic participation—in public gatherings , in the discussion of civic affairs , in religious rituals , as well as in vocal and instrumental musical expression ( see call and response in music ) .
The June Movement acknowledged Denmark 's membership of the European Union , but opposed the process of tighter European integration including the Lisbon Treaty , and in general the movement wanted the EU to deal with only cross-border issues such as environmental and trade policies .	The movement participated in elections for the European Parliament , but neither in local elections nor in elections for the Parliament of Denmark .
They are noted for their often extraordinary colours and striking forms , and they have been given colourful nicknames to match , such as `` clown '' , `` marigold '' , `` splendid '' , `` dancer '' , and `` dragon '' .	Currently , about 3,000 valid species of nudibranchs are known .
His novel `` Last Orders '' was joint-winner of the 1996 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction and a mildly controversial winner of the 1996 Booker Prize , owing to the superficial similarities in plot to William Faulkner 's `` As I Lay Dying '' .	The prize-winning `` Waterland '' is set in The Fens .
The party states it is neither right nor left but represents rural people on the whole in their diversity .	The party was a member of the Presidential Majority of Nicolas Sarkozy .
It can take place between military units , police/corrections and criminals , and other similar scenarios .	In warfare , it usually consists of small units or teams engaging the enemy with personal weapons at very short range , up to 100 meters , from proximity hand-to-hand combat to close-quarter target negotiation with short-range firearms .
The Little Entente was an alliance formed in 1920 and 1921 by Czechoslovakia , Romania and Yugoslavia with the purpose of common defense against Hungarian revanchism and the prevention of a Habsburg restoration .	France supported the alliance by signing treaties with each member country .
The museum was founded in 1816 with the legacy of the library and art collection of Richard FitzWilliam , 7th Viscount FitzWilliam .	The bequest also included £100,000 `` to cause to be erected a good substantial museum repository '' .
Among his poems was `` Zhuravli '' , which became a well-known Soviet song .	He was born on September 8 , 1923 , in the Avar village of Tsada in the north-east Caucasus .
A pupil of Sir John Soane , his designs included Belgrave Square in London , and the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge .	He was surveyor to the Guardian Assurance Company , to the Trustees of Smith 's Charity and to the Thurloe estate .
An `` officer-elect '' refers to a person who has been elected to a position but has not yet been installed .	For example , a President who has been elected but not yet installed would be referred to as a `` President-elect '' ( e.g .
After graduating from Harvard Law School , Frankfurter worked for Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson .	During World War I , Frankfurter served as Judge Advocate General .
Associate justice or associate judge is the title for a member of a judicial panel who is not the chief justice in some jurisdictions .	The title `` Associate Justice '' is used for members of the Supreme Court of the United States and some state supreme courts , and for some other courts in Commonwealth of Nations countries , as well as for members of the Supreme Court of the Federated States of Micronesia , a former United States Trust Territory .
The chief justice is the presiding member of a supreme court in any of many countries with a justice system based on English common law , such as the Supreme Court of Bangladesh , the Supreme Court of Canada , the Supreme Court of Singapore , the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong , the Supreme Court of Japan , the Supreme Court of India , the Supreme Court of Pakistan , the Supreme Court of Nigeria , the Supreme Court of Nepal , the Constitutional Court of South Africa , the Supreme Court of Ireland , the Supreme Court of New Zealand , the High Court of Australia , the Supreme Court of the United States , and provincial or state supreme courts .	The situation is slightly different in the three legal jurisdictions within the United Kingdom .
The Reformed Political Alliance ( GPV ) and the Reformed Political Party ( SGP ) first tried to enter the European Parliament on their own in the 1979 European Parliament elections In 1984 they formed a common list together with the Reformed Political Party ( RPF ) .	The RPF-GPV-SGP parliamentary common list got their 1st seat in the 1984 European Parliament elections .
The opera was a success at its first performances , was frequently revived by Handel in his subsequent opera seasons and is now one of the most often performed Baroque operas .	The opera 's plot is loosely based on historic events during the Roman Civil War of 49–45 BC .
The left–right political spectrum is a system of classifying political positions , ideologies and parties , from equality on the left to social hierarchy on the right .	Left-wing politics and right-wing politics are often presented as opposed , although a particular individual or group may take a left-wing stance on one matter and a right-wing stance on another ; and some stances may overlap and be considered either left- or right-wing depending on the ideology .
Born as Yolande Elsa Maria Unternährer to a Swiss father and an English mother in Paris .	As a child , Beekman moved to London and grew up fluent in English , German , and French .
They are generalist scavengers and predators of small animals .	The name `` ghost crab '' derives from their nocturnality and their generally pale coloration .
Historically , its lowest bridging point was at Exeter , though there is now a viaduct for the M5 motorway about south of the city centre .	The river 's name derives from *Iska , a Common Brittonic root meaning `` water '' or `` abounding in fish '' , and a cognate of `` pysg '' the plural word for `` fish '' in Welsh .
Common side effects include sleepiness , headache , vomiting , trouble with coordination , and rash .	Serious side effects include lack of red blood cells , increased risk of suicide , Stevens-Johnson syndrome , and allergic reactions .
Damerment was born in Lille , France , the second daughter of the city 's postmaster .	Her father got her a job as a clerk in the Post Office .
Heesters was born in Amersfoort , Netherlands , the youngest of four sons .	His father Jacobus Heesters ( 1865–1946 ) was a salesman and his mother Geertruida Jacoba van den Heuvel ( 1866–1951 ) , a homemaker .
It is spoken in Upper Silesia and partly in Czech Silesia .	In linguistics , it is regarded as one of the four major dialect groups of Polish and even by a few linguists as a separate language group .
`` Smoke on the Water '' is known for and recognizable by its central theme , developed by guitarist Ritchie Blackmore .	It is a four-note blues scale melody in G minor , harmonised in parallel fourths .
The SF was founded on 15 February 1959 by Aksel Larsen , a former leader of the Communist Party of Denmark ( DKP ) .	Larsen was removed from the ranks of the DKP for his criticism over the Soviet intervention in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 .
The greater part of St Helier is rural .	The parish covers a surface area of , being 9 % of the total land area of the Island ( this includes reclaimed land area of or 200 ha ) .
The musical style shows the influence of Gluck and looks forwards to the works of Berlioz , Wagner and French Grand Opera .	Spontini had finished `` La vestale '' by the summer of 1805 but had faced opposition from leading members of the Opéra and rivalry from fellow composers .
He was accused of libel in 1734 by William Cosby , the royal governor of New York , but the jury acquitted Zenger , who became a symbol for freedom of the press .	In 1733 , Zenger began printing `` The New York Weekly Journal '' , in which the journal voiced opinions critical of the colonial governor , William Cosby .
`` Someone thinks that someone thinks that someone thinks that ... , '' or by combining shorter clauses in various ways .	For example , sentences can be extended by recursively embedding clauses one into another , such as
Manaslu was first climbed on May 9 , 1956 by Toshio Imanishi and Gyalzen Norbu , members of a Japanese expedition .	It is said that `` just as the British consider Everest their mountain , Manaslu has always been a Japanese mountain '' .
Salamone Rossi or Salomone Rossi ( ) ( Salamon , Schlomo ; de ' Rossi ) ( ca .	1570 – 1630 ) was an Italian Jewish violinist and composer .
Mitchell–Hedges was known for his connection to the Mitchell-Hedges crystal skull , claimed to have been found with his adopted daughter Anna Mitchell–Hedges in Lubaantun , Belize in 1924 .	However , newer evidence shows that the elder Mitchell-Hedges bought the skull at a Sotheby 's auction in 1943 ; other of his findings are still in question and in some cases unreliable based on recent evidence .
Ford produced three cars between 1932 and 1934 : the Model B , Model 18 & Model 40 .	These succeeded the Model A .
Transatlantic Records was a British independent record label .	The company was established in 1961 , primarily as an importer of American folk , blues and jazz records by many of the artists who influenced the burgeoning British folk and blues boom .
Harvey was the lead singer of pop band East 17 , later renamed E-17 .	Harvey was born in Walthamstow , London .
They were both sent to the distant east of Middle-earth , and therefore played no role in the events of the west of Middle-earth , as described in `` The Lord of the Rings '' .	Consequently , little is known about them .
According to the `` Guoyu '' and the `` Classic of Mountains and Seas '' published in the Warring States period ( 476–221 BCE ) , Sushen was the name of the tribe who lived in Shandong and border of Liaoxi Province .	The name 's characters appeared as early as the 6th century BC in Chinese documents .
The name Nanga Parbat is derived from the Sanskrit words `` nagna '' and `` parvata '' which together mean `` Naked Mountain '' .	The mountain is locally known by its Tibetan name `` Diamer '' or `` Deo Mir '' , meaning `` huge mountain '' .
The Voice of the Martyrs ( VOM ) is an international nonprofit organization whose mission is to defend the human rights of persecuted Christians .	The US office was founded in 1967 by Pastor Richard Wurmbrand , who himself spent fourteen years in Communist prison in Romania for his faith in Christ .
Emanuel Ringelblum ( November 21 , 1900 – March 7 , 1944 ) was a Polish-Jewish historian , politician and social worker , known for his `` Notes from the Warsaw Ghetto '' , `` Notes on the Refugees in Zbąszyn '' chronicling the deportation of Jews from the town of Zbąszyń , and the so-called Ringelblum 's Archives of the Warsaw Ghetto .	He was born in Buchach , an eastern Galician town , then in the Austro-Hungarian Empire , now in Ukraine .
These ten then choose a Deputy Postmaster General , who becomes the 11th member of the Board .	The Postmaster General and Deputy Postmaster General serve at the pleasure of the Governors .
These battles would change the standing and historical memory of the United States .	While the origins of the war are complex , principal among them were the issue of slavery , and the interpretations of the Constitution and the rules , rights , and qualifications that it embodied .
It is a unit of National Grocers , itself a unit of Loblaw Companies Limited , Canada 's largest food distributor .	Stores are typically operated by a franchise owner .
The open annulus is topologically equivalent to both the open cylinder and the punctured plane .	Informally , it has the shape of a hardware washer .
As a mathematician , he was known for his founding work in the areas of measure theory and probability .	Borel was born in Saint-Affrique , Aveyron , the son of a Protestant pastor .
The Rebellion of the Seven States or Revolt of the Seven Kingdoms ( ) took place in 154 BC against China 's Han dynasty by its regional semi-autonomous kings , to resist the emperor 's attempt to centralize the government further .	At the beginning of the Han dynasty , Liu Bang -- Emperor Gaozu of Han—created princely titles for many of his relatives in certain territories that accounted for between approximately one-third to one-half of the empire .
His father expressed his high expectations for him by giving him the middle name `` Albert '' ; at the time , the `` New York Times '' ran a series of articles on Albert Einstein 's theory of relativity .	He did not use his middle name in his mathematical publications .
In 1974 , the divisions in the Gaullist movement permitted the election of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing to the Presidency of the French Republic .	Representing the pro-European and Orleanist centre-right , he was the first non-Gaullist rising to the head of the state since the beginning of the Fifth Republic in 1958 .
He is most famous for his study of poliomyelitis , a condition sometimes known as the Heine-Medin disease , named after Medin and another physician , Jakob Heine .	Medin was the first to describe the epidemic character of infantile paralysis .
Nicolas Sarkozy , then the president of the UMP , was elected President of France in the 2007 presidential election , but was defeated by PS candidate François Hollande in a run-off five years later .	After the November 2012 party congress , the UMP experienced internal fractioning and was plagued by monetary scandals which forced its president , Jean-François Copé , to resign .
ASV Records was a London-based record label set up by Harley Usill , founder of Argo Records , Decca producer and former Argo general manager , Kevin Daly , and producer Jack Boyce , after Argo 's parent company Decca was bought by PolyGram in 1980 .	ASV stands for `` Academy Sound and Vision '' .
This followed the formation of the Democratic Force ( FD ) by the centrist , Christian democratic component of the Union for French Democracy ( UDF ) , leading to internal rivalry .	Liberal Democracy became independent in 1998 , after a split from the UDF .
Following Dow 's death , William Peter Hamilton , Robert Rhea and E. George Schaefer organized and collectively represented Dow theory , based on Dow 's editorials .	Dow himself never used the term `` Dow theory '' nor presented it as a trading system .
The Mark of The Rani is the third serial of the 22nd season of the British science fiction television series `` Doctor Who '' , which was first broadcast in two weekly parts on BBC1 on 2 and 9 February 1985 .	The serial is set in the English mining village of Killingworth in the 19th century .
Shelby Fredrick `` Sheb '' Wooley ( April 10 , 1921 – September 16 , 2003 ) was a character actor and singer , best known for his 1958 novelty song `` The Purple People Eater . ''	He played Ben Miller , brother of Frank Miller , in the film `` High Noon '' ; played Travis Cobb in `` The Outlaw Josey Wales '' ; and also had a co-starring role as scout Pete Nolan in the television series `` Rawhide . ''
The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .	The town was originally in the county of Middlesex , but became part of Greater London on 1 April 1965 when the London Government Act 1963 was commenced .
In the serial , the alien time traveller the Rani ( Kate O'Mara ) brings the greatest geniuses from time and space to her laboratory on the planet Lakertya so she can use their minds to power her time manipulator .	Whilst in flight , the TARDIS is attacked by the Rani , an amoral scientist and renegade Time Lord .
She came to prominence as a child star in the early 1970s before subsequently becoming well known for her role as Mel Bush , a companion of Colin Baker and Sylvester McCoy 's `` Doctor '' in the `` BBC '' series `` Doctor Who '' in the mid 1980s .	She has since appeared on stage in various musicals in the West End and on Broadway , shows such as `` Peter Pan '' , `` Cats '' , `` The Pirates of Penzance '' and `` Chicago '' , and more recently on TV in series 1 ( 2006 ) & series 9 ( 2014 ) of the reality competition programme `` Dancing on Ice '' .
The CBS is headquartered in the Givat Shaul neighborhood of Jerusalem , with another branch in Tel Aviv .	It is headed by a Government Statistician , who is appointed on the recommendation of the prime minister .
A Thousand Leaves is the 10th studio album by the American experimental rock band Sonic Youth .	It was released on May 12 , 1998 , by DGC Records .
The party brought together Christian democrats , liberals and radicals , and non-Gaullist conservatives , and described itself as centrist .	The founding parties of the UDF were Giscard 's Republican Party ( PR ) , the Centre of Social Democrats ( CDS ) , the Radical Party ( Rad .
Thompson characterized him as a heavyweight Samoan attorney , Dr. Gonzo , in his novel `` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas '' .	Acosta disappeared in 1974 during a trip in Mazatlán , Mexico , and is presumed dead .
Critical regionalism is not simply regionalism in the sense of vernacular architecture .	It is a progressive approach to design that seeks to mediate between the global and the local languages of architecture .
( He initially trained as a draper in Stamford , Lincolnshire , and worked in London before relocating at the age of 18 to Manchester and going into business as a textile manufacturer . )	In 1824 Owen travelled to America , where he invested the bulk of his fortune in an experimental socialistic community at New Harmony , Indiana , the preliminary model for Owen 's utopian society .
Charles `` Kid '' McCoy ( October 13 , 1872 – April 18 , 1940 ) , born Norman Selby , was an American world champion boxer and early Hollywood actor .	Born in Moscow , Rush County , Indiana , McCoy would eventually weigh 160 pounds , stand 5 ' 11 '' , and go on to a record 81 wins ( 55 by KO , with 6 losses , 9 no decision , and 6 disqualifications ) .
However , he was unable to change his father 's mind , and instead was sent to guard the frontier where Meng Tian is stationed , in a `` de facto '' exile .	Moreover , after the death of the First Emperor , Fusu 's youngest brother , Huhai , together with two high officials Zhao Gao and Li Si , forged his father 's decree to rename Huhai as the successor and order Fusu to commit suicide .
He is best known for being subject to an intense investigation by the United States , but all charges were later dropped .	Yee later authored a book about his experiences as chaplain , `` For God and Country '' .
It is often used during rituals usually involving the recitation of sutras , mantras , or other Buddhist texts .	The wooden fish is mainly used by Buddhist disciples in China , Japan , Korea , and other East Asian countries where the practice of Mahayana , such as the ceremonious reciting of sutras , is prevalent .
A level editor ( also known as a map , campaign or scenario editor ) is software used to design levels , maps , campaigns , etc .	and virtual worlds for a video game .
The early 3rd-century text called Acts of Thomas is one of the New Testament apocrypha .	References to the work by Epiphanius of Salamis show that it was in circulation in the 4th century .
Robert Barcia ( Hardy ) was its founder and central leader .	Lutte Ouvrière is a member of the Internationalist Communist Union .
Ben Vautier ( born on July 18 , 1935 in Naples , Italy ) , also known simply as Ben , is a French artist .	Vautier lives and works in Nice , where he ran a record shop called `` Magazin '' between 1958 and 1973 .
He played the piano and violin .	He won the Academy Award four times for his songs , including the popular song `` Three Coins in the Fountain '' .
Qin Er Shi ( ; ; 229 – October 207 BCE ) was the son of Qin Shi Huang and the second emperor of China 's Qin dynasty .	He ruled from 210 to 207 BCE .
The association between Judah and the lion can first be found in the blessing given by Jacob to his son Judah in the Book of Genesis .	The Lion of Judah is also mentioned in the Book of Revelation , as a term representing Jesus , according to Christian theology .
He committed suicide at the 2003 WTO conference in Cancún , Mexico .	Lee Kyung Hae was born in Jangsu , Jeollabuk-do , in what was then a united Korea .
Born at Les Lilas , Seine-Saint-Denis , France , Arlette joined `` Lutte Ouvrière '' in 1968 , and became the leader of a 1974 bank workers ' strike that began with actions of employees at Crédit Lyonnais .	She has been a frequent candidate for the French presidency , starting with the election of 1974 , and continuing through those of 1981 , 1988 , 1995 , 2002 , and 2007 .
Canoga Park is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles , California , United States .	Its 60,000+ residents are considered to be `` highly diverse '' ethnically .
The provinces of Hubei and Hunan are named after their location relative to the lake : `` Hubei '' means `` North of the Lake '' and `` Hunan '' , `` South of the Lake '' .	Dongting Lake is famous in Chinese culture as the place of origin of dragon boat racing .
He earned his PhD in 1960 from New York University .	Schiller warned of two major trends in his prolific writings and speeches : the private takeover of public space and public institutions at home , and U.S. corporate domination of cultural life abroad , especially in the developing nations .
Sir Terry Frost RA ( born Terence Ernest Manitou Frost ) ( 13 October 1915 – 1 September 2003 ) was a British abstract artist , who worked in Newlyn , Cornwall .	Frost was renowned for his use of the Cornish light , colour and shape to start a new art movement in England .
Miguel de la Madrid was born in the city of Colima , Colima , Mexico .	He was the son of Miguel de la Madrid Castro , a notable lawyer ( who was assassinated when his son was only two ) , and Alicia Hurtado Oldenbourg .
The common wood pigeon ( `` Columba palumbus '' ) is a large species in the dove and pigeon family .	It belongs to the genus `` Columba '' and , like all pigeons and doves , belongs to the family Columbidae .
Aired weekly , it consists of 20 to 25 comic sketches that usually take on couples , homosexuals , doctors and other members of society as the target of their jokes .	During its latest years , most of the sketches had a sexual edge to them .
Copernicus was born and died in Royal Prussia , a region that had been part of the Kingdom of Poland since 1466 .	A polyglot and polymath , he obtained a doctorate in canon law and was also a mathematician , astronomer , physician , classics scholar , translator , governor , diplomat , and economist .
It was adopted by many countries in the Western Hemisphere in San José , Costa Rica , on 22 November 1969 .	It came into force after the eleventh instrument of ratification ( that of Grenada ) was deposited on 18 July 1978 .
GOARN is a system of cooperating institutions and networks that are constantly ready to respond to disease outbreaks .	Established in 2000 , it is a branch of the World Health Organization .
The word `` mangal '' is derived from the Arabic word `` manqal '' ( منقل ) meaning `` portable '' and originally referred to portable indoors heaters mostly replaced by Western-type stoves .	A mangal is typically used to grill various cuts of meat , such as steak , hamburgers , kebab , shashlik , chicken wings and chicken breasts .
In 2014 , the network further re-focused with an emphasis on social media , but this practice was dropped by 2016 in favor of focusing more towards traditional news programming , with the remainder of its lineup dedicated to true crime programming ( drawing heavily from the library of defunct sister network Court TV , as well as new original programs within the genre ) .	As of July 2015 , HLN is available to approximately 97 million American households ( 83.4 % of households with at least one television set ) in the United States making it the most distributed American subscription network .
Chapter One of the Declaration sets forth a catalogue of civil and political rights to be enjoyed by the citizens of the signatory nations , together with additional economic , social , and cultural rights due to them .	As a corollary , its second chapter contains a list of corresponding duties .
Headlines in English often use a set of grammatical rules known as headlinese , designed to meet stringent space requirements by , for example , leaving out forms of the verb `` to be '' and choosing short verbs like `` eye '' over longer synonyms like `` consider '' .	A headline 's purpose is to quickly and briefly draw attention to the story .
Edward II ( known also as EII , and previously as Edward the Second and the Red Hot Polkas and e2K ) are an English band which play a fusion of world music , English folk and reggae .	Active from 1980 , the band broke up after losing several key members in 1999 , relaunching as `` e2K '' in 2000 .
Originally , the game was conceived as a replacement for `` Traveller '' , approaching the same space-adventure theme with more contemporary influences ( instead of 1950s and 1960s Space Opera ) and more rigorous rules design .	However , `` Traveller '' remained popular while `` 2300 AD '' was received coolly , leading to a major refit of the original game into `` Megatraveller '' while `` 2300 AD '' was kept on as only a secondary line .
The CFU has a guide called `` The ABZ of the Copenhagen Free University '' with entries ranging from `` self-institution '' through `` uneconomical behaviour '' to `` mass intellectuality '' .	It publishes small books and brochures , as well as hosting discussions , conferences , and screenings .
Its purpose is to enforce a policy or procedure unique to the unit 's situation that is not otherwise addressed in applicable service regulations , military law , or public law .	A general order has the force of law ; it is an offense punishable by court martial or lesser military court to disobey one .
Since then , connections between Wieferich primes and various other topics in mathematics have been discovered , including other types of numbers and primes , such as Mersenne and Fermat numbers , specific types of pseudoprimes and some types of numbers generalized from the original definition of a Wieferich prime .	Over time , those connections discovered have extended to cover more properties of certain prime numbers as well as more general subjects such as number fields and the abc conjecture .
Next in gold again ( 1861–1929 ) and then in palladium again ( 1930–present ) .	Source : Geological Society
denotes the factorial function ; compare this with Wilson 's theorem , which states that every prime `` p '' divides ( `` p '' − 1 ) !	+ 1 .
He was known across Europe for his involvement in the Siege of Szigetvár and is today seen as a hero by both Hungarians and Croats .	Nikola was a Croat born in 1508 as the son of Nikola III Zrinski and Jelena Karlović ( sister of future Croatian ban Ivan Karlović ) He distinguished himself at the siege of Vienna in 1529 .
When each term in the sequence of Fibonacci numbers formula_2 is reduced modulo formula_1 , the result is a periodic sequence .	The ( minimal ) period length of this sequence is called the Pisano period and denoted formula_4 .
The etymology of their name is 'eu ' = good ( =true ) |'blephar ' = eyelid , and all have fully functional eyelids .	Members of this genus are found in eastern and southwestern Asia where they are found in rocky grassland habitats .
They belong to the family Eublepharidae .	Geckos of the genus `` Goniurosaurus '' mainly feed on small insects .
It also reports to and advises the Government of Canada on national security issues and situations that threaten the security of the nation .	Its headquarters are located in Ottawa in a purpose-built facility completed in 1995 .
The second species `` Holodactylus cornii '' has only been found in Ethiopia and Somalia .	These terrestrial geckos mainly inhabit arid steppes and savannas .
The genus is endemic to southern Africa .	The genus was revised in 2014 by Heinicke et al .
The snout-vent length of these geckos is normally no more than .	Little is known of their ecology or reproductive habits .
The genus `` Asaccus '' is endemic to the Middle East .	There are 19 species which are recognized as being valid in the genus `` Asaccus '' .
If a receiving host receives a fragmented IP packet , it has to reassemble the packet and pass it to the higher protocol layer .	Reassembly is intended to happen in the receiving host but in practice it may be done by an intermediate router , for example , network address translation ( NAT ) `` may '' need to reassemble fragments in order to translate data streams .
A prime `` p '' ≠ 2 , 5 is called unique if there is no other prime `` q '' such that the period length of the decimal expansion of its reciprocal , 1 / `` p '' , is equal to the period length of the reciprocal of `` q '' , 1 / `` q '' .	For example , 3 is the only prime with period 1 , 11 is the only prime with period 2 , 37 is the only prime with period 3 , 101 is the only prime with period 4 , so they are unique primes .
Certain details of a grave , such as the state of the body found within it and any objects found with the body , may provide information for archaeologists about how the body may have lived before its death , including the time period in which it lived and the culture that it had been a part of .	In some religions , it is believed that the body must be burned for the soul to survive ; in others , the complete decomposition of the body is considered to be important for the rest of the soul ( see bereavement ) .
Orange 's original hardtail was the Clockwork , named after the film .	Orange-sponsored riders have held the downhill world cup championship in 2001 ( Greg Minnaar ) , 2002 and 2004 ( Steve Peat ) , as well as the women 's under 21 downhill world championship ( Tracey Hannah in 2006 ) .
The following 59 species are recognized as being valid .	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Gekko '' .
The first few regular odd primes are :	In 1850 , Kummer proved that Fermat 's Last Theorem is true for a prime exponent `` p '' if `` p '' is regular .
Major General Lachlan Macquarie , CB ( ; ; 31 January 1762 – 1 July 1824 ) was a British Army officer and colonial administrator from Scotland .	Macquarie served as the fifth and last autocratic Governor of New South Wales from 1810 to 1821 , and had a leading role in the social , economic and architectural development of the colony .
`` Gehyra '' species have toepads and powerful claws .	Like some other geckos they also have a tendency to drop strips of skin if handled carelessly .
As Secretary of War , 1937–1940 , he feuded with the commanding generals and was removed in 1940 .	Anti-semitism played a role in blocking his appointment as Minister of Information .
Gonatodes is a genus of New World dwarf geckos of the family Sphaerodactylidae .	The majority of the species in the genus `` Gonatodes '' are diurnally active , scansorial , and sexually dichromatic , with adult body size ( snout-vent length ) ranging from for known species .
Participants compete to throw the dwarf the farthest .	A related formerly practiced activity was dwarf-bowling , in which a person with dwarfism was placed on a skateboard and used as a bowling ball .
They are commonly referred to as dwarf geckos .	They are mainly found in Africa and Madagascar although two species are found in South America .
It has about 90 described species , newfound ones being described every few years .	These geckos are found in all the tropical regions of the world , extending into the subtropical parts of Africa and Europe .
southern side of the Great Wold Valley in the district of Ryedale , and is one of four such monuments in this area , known collectively as the Great barrows of East Yorkshire .	Duggleby Howe is believed on the basis of artefacts recovered to be of Late Neolithic date , but no
The first few NSW primes are 7 , 41 , 239 , 9369319 , 63018038201 , … , corresponding to the indices 3 , 5 , 7 , 19 , 29 , … .	The sequence `` S '' alluded to in the formula can be described by the following recurrence relation :
In the case of a finite group , the set is finite .	During the twentieth century , mathematicians investigated some aspects of the theory of finite groups in great depth , especially the local theory of finite groups and the theory of solvable and nilpotent groups .
According to critic Tony Brewer ,	Nu jazz ranges from combining live instrumentation with beats of house , exemplified by St Germain , Jazzanova and Fila Brazillia , to more band-based improvised jazz with electronic elements , such as that of The Cinematic Orchestra , Kobol , and the `` future jazz '' style pioneered by Bugge Wesseltoft , Jaga Jazzist , Nils Petter Molvær , and others .
It remains in use on Wikipedia and almost all other Wikimedia sites , including Wiktionary , Wikimedia Commons and Wikidata ; these sites continue to define a large part of the requirement set for MediaWiki .	MediaWiki was originally developed by Magnus Manske and improved by Lee Daniel Crocker .
Drawing straws is a selection method , or a form of sortition , that is used by a group to choose one member of the group to perform a task after none has volunteered for it .	The same practice can be used also to choose one of several volunteers , should an agreement not be reached .
The film features an ensemble cast led by Brad Pitt , Eric Bana , and Orlando Bloom .	It is loosely based on Homer 's `` Iliad '' in its narration of the entire story of the decade-long Trojan War—condensed into little more than a couple of weeks , rather than just the quarrel between Achilles and Agamemnon in the ninth year .
The Palace of Whitehall ( or Palace of White Hall ) at Westminster , Middlesex , was the main residence of the English monarchs from 1530 until 1698 , when most of its structures , except for Inigo Jones 's Banqueting House of 1622 , were destroyed by fire .	It had at one time been the largest palace in Europe , with more than 1,500 rooms , overtaking the Vatican , before itself being overtaken by the expanding Palace of Versailles , which was to reach 2,400 rooms .
Oracle Database ( commonly referred to as Oracle RDBMS or simply as Oracle ) is a multi-model database management system produced and marketed by Oracle Corporation .	It is a database commonly used for running online transaction processing ( OLTP ) , data warehousing ( DW ) and mixed ( OLTP & DW ) database workloads .
Crown entities come under the following subtypes :	Crown entities can be contrasted with other New Zealand public sector organisational forms : departments of state , State-owned enterprises , offices of Parliament and `` sui generis '' organisations like the Reserve Bank .
The Treaty of London of 1839 , also called the First Treaty of London , the Convention of 1839 , the Treaty of Separation , the Quintuple Treaty of 1839 , or the Treaty of the XXIV articles , was a treaty signed on 19 April 1839 between the Concert of Europe , the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Kingdom of Belgium .	It was a direct follow-up to the 1831 Treaty of the XVIII Articles which the Netherlands had refused to sign , and the result of negotiations at the London Conference of 1838–1839 .
It was established as the Comprehensive Environmental Response , Compensation , and Liability Act of 1980 ( CERCLA ) .	It authorizes federal natural resource agencies , primarily the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , states and Native American tribes to recover natural resource damages caused by hazardous substances , though most states have and most often use their own versions of CERCLA .
In addition to Swinscoe , the band includes former DJ Food member PC ( Patrick Carpenter ) on turntables , Luke Flowers ( drums ) , Tom Chant ( saxophone ) , Nick Ramm ( piano ) , Stuart McCallum ( guitar ) and Phil France ( double bass ) .	Former members include Jamie Coleman ( trumpet ) , T. Daniel Howard ( drums ) , Federico Ughi ( drums ) , Alex James ( piano ) , and Clean Sadness ( synthesizer , programming ) .
In 2004 , the Red Sox won their first World Series championship in 86 years and won another championship in 2007 .	On October 21 , 2011 , he resigned from his job in Boston to become President of Baseball Operations for the Chicago Cubs ; in 2016 , the Cubs won their first World Series championship in 108 years .
Saavedra Lamas achieved renown not only as foreign minister of Argentina for his practical work in drafting international agreements and in conducting international mediation , but also as a professor for his scholarship in the fields of labor legislation and international law .	Saavedra Lamas was a distinguished student at Lacordaire College and at the University of Buenos Aires where he received the Doctor of Laws degree in 1903 , `` summa cum laude '' .
Gray was the son of John de Gray , of Eaton in Norfolk and nephew of John de Gray , Bishop of Norwich .	His birth year is not recorded , nor is his age when he died , but according to the historian Lee Wyatt , Gray was likely born around 1180 .
The first European to explore the New England area was English explorer John Oxley , who crossed the southern part of the New England Range near the Apsley Falls before he discovered and named Port Macquarie in 1818 .	In 1827 Allan Cunningham travelled north along the western edge of the Range until he reached the Darling Downs in Queensland .
The republican institutions of Rome had also survived .	Some feudal lords existed with a servile labour force and huge tracts of land , but by the 11th century , many cities , including Venice , Milan , Florence , Genoa , Pisa , Lucca , Cremona , Siena , Città di Castello , Perugia , and many others , had become large trading metropoles , able to obtain independence from their formal sovereigns .
He has been described as `` the most popular French songwriter of all time '' and `` the first superstar of French popular music '' .	De Béranger was born at his grandfather 's house on the Rue Montorgueil in Paris , which he later described as `` one of the dirtiest and most turbulent streets of Paris '' .
Most , if not all , species of `` Pachydactylus '' are nocturnal .	`` Pachydactylus '' species live in a diverse range of habitats .
Bathurst is a regional city in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia .	It is about north-west of Sydney and is the seat of the Bathurst Regional Council .
They are nocturnal , insectivorous lizards found exclusively in primary and secondary forest .	The generic name , `` Uroplatus '' , is a Latinization of two Greek words : `` ourá '' ( οὐρά ) meaning `` tail '' and `` platys '' ( πλατύς ) meaning `` flat '' .
Long before , however , he had made a literary reputation for himself , publishing novels such as `` L'Âne mort et la Femme guillotinée '' ( `` The Dead Donkey and the Guillotined Woman '' ) ( 1829 ) .	`` La Confession '' ( 1830 ) followed , and then in `` Barnave '' ( 1831 ) , he attacked the Orléans family .
Species in the genus `` Teratoscincus '' are found from the Arabian Peninsula in Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , and Oman , west across southern Asia in Iran , Afghanistan , and Pakistan , north to Russia , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Tajikistan to Mongolia and China .	The genus consists of nine species .
Already in his time as a medical student , Planche frequented artistic circles .	This did nothing to promote the success of his studies .
However , molecular data suggested that `` Microscalabotes '' is nested within `` Lygodactylus '' , and the genus was synonymized .	This species occurs in low and mid-elevation humid forests at elevations of above sea level .
They are best known for their ability to lose their skin and scales when grasped by a predator .	The scales of `` Geckolepis '' are imbricated ( overlapping ) and ossified .
Irreligion may include some forms of theism , depending on the religious context it is defined against ; for example , in 18th-century Europe , the epitome of irreligion was deism , while in contemporary East Asia the shared term meaning `` irreligion '' or `` no religion '' ( 無宗教 , Chinese pron .	`` wú zōngjiào '' , Japanese pron .
Functionalism addresses society as a whole in terms of the function of its constituent elements ; namely norms , customs , traditions , and institutions .	A common analogy , popularized by Herbert Spencer , presents these parts of society as `` organs '' that work toward the proper functioning of the `` body '' as a whole .
Rousseau was born in Paris , the son of a shoemaker , and was well educated .	As a young man , he gained favour with Boileau , who encouraged him to write .
He was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Hove from 1997 until 2005 .	Caplin was born in Brighton , into a Jewish family , and educated at King Edward 's School , Witley an independent fee paying minor public school
She is known for her role as Romana in the BBC television series `` Doctor Who '' .	Ward 's stage name , `` Lalla '' , comes from her attempts as a toddler to pronounce her own name .
There are 34 described species in this genus , which are considered valid .	‡ `` Nota bene '' : A taxon author ( binomial authority ) in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Lepidodactylus '' .
For a bacterium containing a single chromosome , a genome project will aim to map the sequence of that chromosome .	For the human species , whose genome includes 22 pairs of autosomes and 2 sex chromosomes , a complete genome sequence will involve 46 separate chromosome sequences .
Oxytocin is commonly used to induce abortion in the second or third trimester .	There are also several herbal mixtures with abortifacient claims , though there are reports that they may have caused severe side-effects , including death .
Mesannepada represented a diplomatic relationship with Ur .	Mesannepada gave gifts to the kings of Mari , and according to a lapis lazuli bead inscription found there , his father was Meskalamdug .
He is also the winner of two César Award for Best Actor , one in 1987 as Ugolin Soubeyran in `` Jean de Florette '' and `` Manon des Sources '' and another one for his role in `` Girl on the Bridge '' .	For his role in `` Jean de Florette '' , he also won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role .
Despite these forms of discrimination , the electorates of Australian lower houses were , paradoxically , socially broader than those existing in most other countries at the time .	However , in each colony an upper house ( usually known as the legislative council ) continued to be composed of members that were nominated by the governor of each colony and/or were elected under a restricted franchise that usually included a property qualification .
Skinks look like true lizards , but most species have no pronounced neck , and their legs are relatively small ; several genera ( e.g. , `` Typhlosaurus '' ) have no limbs at all .	Other genera , such as `` Neoseps '' , have reduced limbs and with fewer than five toes ( digits ) on each foot .
By the time development was completed , `` pure '' jet airliners from France , United Kingdom and the United States were about to enter service , and consequently , only 85 Britannias were built before production ended in 1960 .	Nevertheless , the Britannia is considered one of the landmarks in turboprop-powered airliner design and was popular with passengers .
Nominations for the annual awards ceremony are announced in early November , with the ceremony itself taking place in early December .	Since 2015 , BIFA has also hosted UK–wide talent development and film screening programmes with the support of Creative Skillset and the British Film Institute .
The species formerly known as `` Bunopus spatalurus '' , the spacious rock gecko , has been assigned to the genus `` Trachydactylus '' as `` Trachydactylus spatalurus '' .	The specific name , `` blanfordii '' , is in honor of English naturalist William Thomas Blanford .
Lizards in the genus `` Calodactylodes '' are primarily distinguished from other lizards by their characteristic , paired flower petal-like skin extensions on their fingers and toes .	The generic name , `` Calodactylodes '' , created in 1928 by Embrik Strand , is a replacement name for Beddome 's `` Calodactylus '' .
Little is known of their biology .	The following species and subspecies are recognized as being valid .
It contains species and subspecies that are regionally termed as marbled geckos .	The contrasted patterns of these geckos , marbling , are found in a variety of reddish-brown , grey , silver , white , black and purplish hues .
Canadair 's origins lie in the foundation of a manufacturing centre for Canadian Vickers in the Montreal suburb of Saint-Laurent , at Cartierville Airport .	Canadair Plant One is still there , although the airport no longer exists .
1 .	Gustafs skål !
Having been raised in a culture that expected young princes to seek `` glory '' on the battlefield , Louis was looking for an opportunity to go to war .	In 1665 , Louis believed that he had a pretext to go to war with Spain and allow him to claim the Spanish Netherlands ( present-day Belgium ) .
There are four genera , each with one species .	The bodies of southern flounders are greatly compressed , with both eyes on the left side of their heads .
With over 100 species , it is one of the most diverse genera of geckos .	Species in this genus have slender , clawed digits which are cylindrical or depressed at the base ( rarely dilated ) ; the distal phalanges are compressed , forming an angle with the basal portion of the digits , the lower surface of which has a row of plates .
The engine was soon superseded by the Proteus design with more power , and the only extended use of the engine was in two Handley Page Hermes 5 development aircraft .	Following 156 hours of ground runs and the receipt of a test certificate from the Ministry of Supply on 28 January 1947 , two Theseus engines were fitted in the outer positions of a four-engined Avro Lincoln for air tests .
Murphy was born on February 6 , 1892 , at Stoughton , Wisconsin and moved to Condon , Oregon as a youth .	He was educated at the public schools of Wisconsin and Oregon .
The latter species is poorly described , and was formerly considered a member of the genus `` Stenodactylus '' .	The genus name : Gr .
He sang with the Florianer Sängerknaben in one of the oldest choirs from Austria .	His love for pop music led to him joining a band called BAFF when he was a teenager .
The phylogenetic relationships with this genus and the genus `` Geckoella '' has not been resolved to date .	Based on morphology , suggested that it was a subgenus of `` Cyrtodactylus '' but a phylogenetic study by , though with inadequate sampling of taxa , restored it to generic status once again .
The history of animation started long before the development of cinematography .	Humans have probably attempted to depict motion as far back as the paleolithic period .
The genus has 24 described species .	The generic name `` Cyrtopodion '' is from the Greek words κυρτος `` kurtos '' `` curved '' , from κυπτω `` kuptō '' `` to stoop '' ; ποδιον `` podion '' `` little foot '' , diminutive from πους `` pous '' , ποδος `` podos '' `` foot '' .
Visual effects are often integral to a movie 's story and appeal .	Although most visual effects work is completed during post-production , it usually must be carefully planned and choreographed in pre-production and production .
The Proteus was a reverse-flow gas turbine .	Because the second turbine drove no compressor stages , but only the propeller , this engine was classified as a free-turbine .
He pitched from 1962 to 1983 for eight different teams .	During a 22-year baseball career , Perry compiled 314 wins , 3,534 strikeouts , and a 3.11 earned run average .
He became well known as the male half of the duo `` Taste of Joy '' , together with singer Sandy Boets .	They released several singles and albums .
The specific name , `` amarali '' , is in honor of Brazilian herpetologist Afrânio Pompílio Gastos do Amaral .	The specific name , `` darwini '' , is in honor of English naturalist Charles Darwin .
It gives a red resin known as dragon 's blood .	The word `` Haemodracon '' consist of ( `` haema '' ) meaning `` blood '' , and `` dracon '' meaning `` dragon '' .
In 1959 , it was granted a Royal Charter and renamed The Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club ( 英皇御准香港賽馬會 ) .	The institution reverted to its original name in 1996 due to the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong in 1997 .
Adémar was born at Chabannes , a village in today 's Haute-Vienne `` département '' of France .	Educated at the Abbey Saint-Martial de Limoges , he passed his life as a monk , both there and at the monastery of Saint-Cybard at Angoulême .
A slide is a specially mounted individual transparency intended for projection onto a screen using a slide projector .	This allows the photograph to be viewed by a large audience at once .
He has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church .	Freinademetz was born the fourth among the 13 children of Giovanmattia and Anna Maria Freinademetz in Oies , a section of the town of Badia , which was then in the County of Tyrol , a part of the Austrian Empire , now a part of Italy .
The first church in the Archdiocese of San Francisco is older than the Archdiocese itself ; Mission San Francisco de Asís was founded on June 29 , 1776 by Franciscan Friars .	The mission church that stands today was completed in 1791 and attached next door is Mission Dolores Basilica .
Thereafter , it was used by U.S. and Allied forces until the end of the war .	The British service name `` Stuart '' came from the American Civil War Confederate general J. E. B. Stuart and was used for both the M3 and the derivative M5 Light Tank .
The United States Ordnance Department was asked to produce this replacement , which in turn selected Marmon-Herrington to design and build a prototype airborne tank in May 1941 .	The prototype was designated the Light Tank T9 ( Airborne ) , and was designed so that it could be transported underneath a Douglas C-54 Skymaster transport aircraft , although its dimensions also allowed it to fit inside a General Aircraft Hamilcar glider .
The M24 Chaffee ( officially Light Tank , M24 ) is an American light tank used during the later part of World War II ; it was also used in post–World War II conflicts including the Korean War , and by the French in the War in Algeria and the First Indochina War .	In British service it was given the service name Chaffee after the United States Army General Adna R. Chaffee Jr. , who helped develop the use of tanks in the United States armed forces .
On 6 April 2013 , Lauda Air ceased to exist and was replaced by `` Austrian myHoliday '' , a new brand name that is used for flights and leisure offers provided by Austrian Airlines .	Lauda Air was established in April 1979 by former Formula One world motor racing champion Niki Lauda and started operations in 1985 , initially operating as a charter and air taxi service .
Tanks employing US pattern turrets were called the `` Lee '' , named after Confederate general Robert E. Lee .	Variants using British pattern turrets were known as `` Grant '' , named after Union general Ulysses S. Grant .
It is situated on the left bank of the Elbe , approx .	southeast of Magdeburg .
The airline 's hub is at Václav Havel Airport Prague ; however , it has other bases in the Czech city of Karlovy Vary and the Slovak cities of Bratislava and Košice .	Today , it operates scheduled , charter , and cargo flights .
It was intended to reach out to social groups that had been attracted by the Nazi Party before 1945 ( such as military men and some of the middle classes ) and provide them with a political outlet , so that they would not be tempted to support the far-right again or turn to the anti-communist Western Allies .	Considering the fact that German nationalism was a potent force during the interwar era and that millions of Germans were members of NSDAP , Stalin wanted to use them to create a new pro-Soviet and anti-Western strain in German politics .
The word is primarily used as a technical term within academic literature on the philosophy of religion , mainly in context of the problem of evil and theodical responses to such .	Although even in said contexts the phrases `` perfect goodness '' or `` moral perfection '' are often preferred because of the difficulties in defining what exactly constitutes `` infinite benevolence '' .
The Ludus de Antichristo ( Play About the Antichrist ) is a liturgical-oriented drama from the 12th century whose original author is unknown .	Its origins are almost certainly from southern Germany , likely a product of the Benedictine monastery in Tegernsee , Bavaria -- as the manuscript that contains the play was kept at the monastery .
He is a noted figure in Slovenian sporting history .	Štukelj is one of the few Slovene athletes to have risen to the very top of his sport , where he remained right from the World Championships in Ljubljana in 1922 all the way to the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin , at which point he finished his competitive gymnastics career .
The Archdiocese of Los Angeles ( , ) is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the U.S. state of California .	Based in Los Angeles , the archdiocese comprises the California counties of Los Angeles , Santa Barbara and Ventura .
His mother , Emilie Crusius , was the daughter of the Gymnasium 's headmaster .	The family later moved to Schwerin , where young Ferdinand attended school .
Megacles or Megakles ( ) was the name of several notable men of ancient Athens , as well as an officer of Pyrrhus of Epirus .	The first Megacles was possibly a legendary archon of Athens from 922 BC to 892 BC .
In the 1960s , dude evolved to mean any male person , a meaning that slipped into mainstream American slang in the 1970s .	Current slang retains at least some use of all three of these common meanings .
The Trevi Fountain ( ) is a fountain in the Trevi district in Rome , Italy , designed by Italian architect Nicola Salvi and completed by Giuseppe Pannini .	Standing high and wide , it is the largest Baroque fountain in the city and one of the most famous fountains in the world .
Because of the scheduling of the bowl game near the end of the calendar year , no game was played during calendar years 2008 or 2015 , while two games were played in calendar years 2010 and 2016 .	Since 2004 , the game has been sponsored by Memphis-based auto parts retailer AutoZone and officially known as the `` AutoZone Liberty Bowl '' .
The Holiday Bowl is a post-season NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game that has been played annually since 1978 at SDCCU Stadium in San Diego , California , United States .	Since the 2014 edition , it has featured a matchup of Pac-12 and Big Ten teams .
It has been judged the world 's top travel destination in an international survey ( the `` 2008 Travelers ' Choice Destinations Awards '' by TripAdvisor ) and is acclaimed as New Zealand 's most famous tourist destination .	Rudyard Kipling had previously called it the eighth Wonder of the World .
The , also known as Setouchi or often shortened to Inland Sea , is the body of water separating Honshū , Shikoku , and Kyūshū , three of the four main islands of Japan .	The region that includes the Seto Inland Sea and the coastal areas of Honshū , Shikoku , and Kyūshū is known as the Setouchi Region .
Dixon , a sports car enthusiast , is also a storm spotter and volunteer firefighter .	Larry has collaborated with his wife , Mercedes Lackey , on a number of her books , including :
The game was originally played at Gator Bowl Stadium through the December 1993 game .	The December 1994 game was played at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium in Gainesville after the namesake stadium was demolished to make way for a replacement venue , Jacksonville Municipal Stadium .
In long-lived software , perceived bloat can occur from the software servicing a large , diverse marketplace with many differing requirements .	Most end users will feel they only need some limited subset of the available functions , and will regard the others as unnecessary bloat , even if end users with different requirements do use those functions .
It marked the shift from one constitutional monarchy , under the restored House of Bourbon , to another , the July Monarchy ; the transition of power from the House of Bourbon to its cadet branch , the House of Orléans ; and the replacement of the principle of hereditary right by popular sovereignty .	Supporters of the Bourbon would be called Legitimists , and supporters of Louis Philippe Orléanists .
Located in the southern part of the Vale of Clwyd , the older part of the town , the castle and St Peter 's Square lie on a hill , while many newer parts are in the flood plain of the River Clwyd .	This became apparent several times in the late 1990s – flood-control works costing £3 million were completed in autumn 2003 .
`` Akagi '' was designed with a horizontal double expansion reciprocating steam engine with two cylindrical boilers driving two screws .	She also had two masts for a schooner sail rig .
Schönbein ( Schoenbein ) related to Michael Schoenbein was born at Metzingen in the Duchy of Württemberg .	Around the age of 13 he was apprenticed to a chemical and pharmaceutical firm at Böblingen .
The classification of ( LPEs ) are :	Ordinary LPEs are the basic local governments .
Beginning her career in 1985 at the age of four , Good has appeared in numerous television shows , films , and music videos .	In 2011 , Good featured in an ensemble cast of the successful film version of `` Think Like a Man '' .
The Disney Afternoon ( later known internally as the Disney-Kellogg Alliance when unbranded ) was a created-for-syndication two-hour animated television programming block produced by Walt Disney Television Animation with distribution through their syndication affiliate Buena Vista Television .	Before and after its cancelation , the shows in the block aired reruns both on Disney Channel ( Some of them from 1994 through 2000 , with some remaining until as late as 2007 ) and on Toon Disney ( all of them from the time the channel launched in 1998 through 2004 , with some remaining until as late as 2008 ) .
Samuel Siegfried Bing ( 26 February 1838 – 6 September 1905 ) , who usually gave his name as S. Bing ( not to be confused with his brother , Samuel Otto Bing , 1850–1905 ) , was a German-French art dealer who lived in Paris as an adult , and who helped introduce Japanese art and artworks to the West and was a factor in the development of the Art Nouveau style during the late nineteenth century .	Bing was born in Hamburg , a member of a large family with diverse commercial interests .
From 2006 to 2013 , it was officially referred to as simply the Chick-fil-A Bowl .	The first three Peach Bowls were played at Grant Field on the Georgia Tech campus in Atlanta .
The French Fourth Republic was the republican government of France between 1946 and 1958 , governed by the fourth republican constitution .	It was in many ways a revival of the Third Republic that was in place from 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War to 1940 during World War II , and suffered many of the same problems .
The Cheez-It Bowl is an NCAA FBS college football bowl game that has been played in the state of Arizona since 1989 .	Originally played as the Copper Bowl from inception through 1996 , it was known as the Insight.com Bowl from 1997 through 2001 , then the Insight Bowl from 2002 through 2011 , the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl for 2012 and 2013 , and the Cactus Bowl from 2014 through 2017 .
The Outback Bowl was not Tampa 's first bowl game ; the Cigar Bowl was played at old Phillips Field near downtown from 1947 to 1954 .	However , the earlier event matched small college teams , so the Outback / Hall of Fame Bowl is the first major bowl game to be played in the area .
Joseph Francis `` Joey '' Tribbiani , Jr. is a fictional character from the NBC sitcom `` Friends '' and its spin-off `` Joey '' , and is portrayed by Matt LeBlanc .	He is an Italian-American struggling actor who lives in New York City with his roommate and best friend , Chandler Bing ( Matthew Perry ) , and hangs out in a tight-knit group of his best friends : Chandler , Ross Geller ( David Schwimmer ) , Monica Geller ( Courteney Cox ) , Rachel Green ( Jennifer Aniston ) and Phoebe Buffay ( Lisa Kudrow ) .
He is best known for his work on population , natural resources , and immigration .	His work covers cornucopian views on lasting economic benefits from natural resources and continuous population growth , even despite limited or finite physical resources , empowered by human ingenuity , substitutes , and technological progress .
Portrayed by actress Jennifer Aniston , the character was created by show creators David Crane and Marta Kauffman , and appeared in each of the show 's 236 episodes during its decade-long run , from its premiere on September 22 , 1994 to its finale on May 6 , 2004 .	Introduced in the show 's pilot as a naive runaway bride who reunites with her childhood best friend Monica Geller and relocates to New York City , Rachel gradually evolves from a spoiled , inexperienced `` daddy 's girl '' into a successful businesswoman .
He became manager of Aston Villa in September 2010 .	He also coached the France national team between 1992 and 1993 .
Little is known about the workings of many `` boulai '' , except in the case of Athens , for which extensive material has survived .	The original council of Athens was the Areopagus .
Originally the diocese included all of Pennsylvania , Delaware , and seven counties and parts of three counties in New Jersey .	The diocese was raised to the dignity of a metropolitan archdiocese on February 12 , 1875 .
The boats that are used for trawling are called trawlers or draggers .	Trawlers vary in size from small open boats with as little as 30 hp ( 22 kW ) engines to large factory trawlers with over 10,000 hp ( 7.5 MW ) .
Senator .	Before her election to the Senate , she was a member of the House of Representatives , representing Michigan 's 8th congressional district .
Carl Milton Levin ( born June 28 , 1934 ) is an American attorney and retired politician who served as a United States Senator from Michigan from 1979 to 2015 .	He was the chair of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and is a member of the Democratic Party .
Robert J. Collier , publisher of `` Collier 's Weekly '' magazine , was an air sports pioneer and president of the Aero Club of America .	He commissioned Baltimore sculptor Ernest Wise Keyser to make the 525 pound ( 240 kg ) trophy in 1911 , it was originally named the `` Aero Club of America Trophy '' .
In addition to Jordan , the show followed an ensemble cast composed of Jordan 's co-workers and police detectives assigned to the various cases .	After six seasons and 117 episodes , the series was canceled by NBC on May 14 , 2007 and concluded on May 16 , 2007 .
Glasspar was a pioneer in building fiberglass auto bodies from 1951 to 1957 .	Erik Quistgaard was appointed as development team leader .
This prevents infection by effectively destroying the foreign DNA introduced by an infectious agent ( such as a bacteriophage ) .	Approximately one-quarter of known bacteria possess RM systems and of those about one-half have more than one type of system .
The archdiocese is the metropolitan see of the larger regional Ecclesiastical Province of Baltimore .	The Archdiocese of Baltimore is the oldest diocese in the United States whose see city was entirely within the nation 's boundaries when the United States declared its independence in 1776 .
The terms `` Lingayatism '' and `` Veerashaivism '' have been used synonymously , but `` Veerashaivism '' may refer to the broader `` Veerashaiva '' philosophy which predates Lingayatism , to the historical community now called `` Lingayats '' , and to a contemporary ( sub ) tradition within Lingayatism with Vedic influences .	Meanwhile , `` Lingayatism '' may refer to the whole Lingayat community , but also to a contemporary ( sub ) tradition dedicated to Basava 's original thought , and to a movement within this community which strives toward recognition as an independent religion .
It was raised to the status of a minor basilica by Pope John XXIII in December , 1961 .	The Diocese covers the counties of Middlesex , Elgin , Norfolk , Oxford , Perth , Huron , Lambton , Kent and Essex .
Its patron saints are Saint Joseph and Saint Clare of Assisi .	The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of San Francisco .
The first four circuits deal with life on earth , and survival of the species .	The last four circuits are post-terrestrial , and deal with the evolution of the species , altered states of consciousness , enlightenment , mystical experiences , psychedelic states of mind , and psychic abilities .
Formed in 1957 , the association is fundamentalist and separatist in its doctrine .	ARBC supports the Toronto Baptist Seminary and Bible College , and publishes `` The Gospel Witness '' .
Petar I was the son of Simeon I of Bulgaria by his second marriage to the sister of George Sursuvul .	Petar had been born early in the 10th century , but it appears that his maternal uncle was very influential at the beginning of his reign .
Willis has been a four-time All-star with the `` Criollas de Caguas '' women 's BSN team .	She has helped carry the Criollas to two consecutive finals , where they were upset both times by the Carolina Giants .
On the other hand , the remaining areas of the ward typically represent Yamanote districts .	As of May 1 , 2015 , the ward has a population of 217,743 ( including about 6,500 foreign residents ) , and a population density of 19,290 persons per km² .
The historian Steven Runciman called him one of the greatest persons in history .	Despite a number of military setbacks , the reign of Boris I was marked with significant events that shaped Bulgarian and European history .
, literally `` Ink Field '' , is a special ward located in Tokyo Metropolis , Japan .	The English translation of its Japanese self-designation is Sumida City .
It should also be noted that `` Shinagawa '' is also commonly used to refer to the business district around Shinagawa Station , which is not part of the Shinagawa ward .	This `` Shinagawa '' is in Takanawa and Konan neighborhoods of Minato , directly north of Kita-Shinagawa .
The total area is 14.67 km .	Meguro is also used to refer to the area around Meguro Station , which is not located in Meguro ward , but in neighboring Shinagawa 's Kamiōsaki district .
Koreans mainly live in the two Korean nation states , South Korea and North Korea ( collectively referred to simply as Korea ) , but are also an officially recognized ethnic minority in China , Vietnam , Japan and Philippines , plus a number of former Soviet states , such as Russia and Uzbekistan .	Over the course of the 20th century , significant Korean communities have emerged in Oceania and North America .
The city is located northwest of Tokyo between the Tone and Watarase rivers .	During the Edo period , the area of present-day Ōta contained two post towns on the Nikkō Reiheishi Kaidō , a subroute to Nikkō Kaidō which connected the Nakasendō directly with Nikkō , bypassing Edo. , the , ( from which the city takes its name ) and .
He ruled during an extensive expansion in Macedonia .	The composite picture of the Byzantine sources indicates that Presian I was the son of Zvinitsa ( `` Zbēnitzēs '' ) , who was a son of Omurtag .
Residential population is among the highest in Tokyo as there are many residential neighbourhoods within Setagaya .	Setagaya is served by various rail services providing frequent 2 to 3 minutes headway rush hour services to the busiest train terminals of Shinjuku and Shibuya as well as through service trains which continue travelling on to the Tokyo Metro lines providing direct access to the central commercial and business districts .
In the very beginning of his reign he signed a 30-year peace treaty with the neighboring Eastern Roman Empire which remained in force to the end of his life .	Omurtag successfully coped with the aggressive policy of the Frankish Empire to take Bulgaria 's north-western lands and suppressed the unrest among several Slavic tribes .
His able and energetic rule brought law and order to Bulgaria and developed the rudiments of state organization .	Krum was a Bulgar chieftain from Pannonia .
The total area is approximately 40.16 km² .	Kōtō is located east of the Tokyo metropolitan center , bounded by the Sumida River to the west and the Arakawa River to the east .
The national headquarters are located in Guelph , Ontario , Canada .	In 2011 Rev .
As of April 1 , 2017 , Suginami has an estimated population of 562,065 , and a population density of 16,502 persons per km² .	The total area is 34.06 km² .
The population has continued to decline and as of May 1 , 2015 , the ward had an estimated population of 298,250 , with a population density of 22,920 persons per km² .	During the day the population swells with commuters , resulting in a daytime population of around 378,475 .
Arakawa is in the northeastern part of Tokyo .	The shape is long and narrow , stretching from west to east .
The Arakawa River , a major river , forms part of the boundary with Saitama Prefecture .	Surrounding the ward are , in Saitama , the cities of Wakō and Toda ; and in Tokyo , the wards of Nerima , Toshima , and Kita .
15,326 foreign residents are registered in the ward .	21.6 % of the ward 's population is over the age of 65 .
Under the Ritsuryō system , the present-day ward was the southern extremity of Adachi District , Musashi Province .	In 826 , during the Heian period , the Nishiarai Daishi temple was founded .
It is on an alluvial plain and it is low above sea level .	The ward office ( Katsushika city hall ) is located at Tateishi .
, literally `` Estuary River '' , is a special ward located in Tokyo Metropolis , Japan .	It takes its name from the Edo River that runs from north to south along the eastern edge of the ward .
In spring , Nakano is full of cherry and grape blossoms .	The area of present-day Nakano was part of ancient Shinano Province .
Designated cities are delegated many of the functions normally performed by prefectural governments in fields such as public education , social welfare , sanitation , business licensing and urban planning .	The city government is generally delegated the various minor administrative functions in each area , and the prefectural government retains authority over major decisions .
Males and females appear very similar but males are larger and heavier .	This species formerly included MacQueen 's bustard which is found further east and sometimes known as the Asian houbara as a subspecies .
Its original mission was to supply `` mainstream '' newspapers with an independent expert source and reporting on the United States ' role in Indochina during the Vietnam War .	In 1974 after the war ended , PNS changed its objective from covering the Far East to the United States , especially California , under the guidance of Executive Editor Sandy Close .
This article on the Olmec figurine describes a number of archetypical figurines produced by the Formative Period inhabitants of Mesoamerica .	While many of these figurines may or may not have been produced directly by the people of the Olmec heartland , they bear the hallmarks and motifs of Olmec culture .
Merchant ship names often contain the word `` maru '' at the end ( meaning `` circle '' ) , while warships are never named after people , but rather after objects such as mountains , islands , weather phenomena , or animals .	The word is often attached to Japanese ship names .
Kanie Town was created with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1 , 1889 .	In October 2003 , Kanie participated in discussions with regards to a possible merge with neighboring town of Yatomi and village of Jūshiyama .
According to the book `` Shinsen Shōjiroku '' compiled in 815 , a total 326 out of 1,182 clans in the Kinai area on Honshū were regarded as people with foreign genealogy .	The book specifically mentions 163 were from China , 104 such families from Baekje , 41 from Goguryeo , 9 from Silla , and 9 from Gaya .
To date , several fully reusable sub-orbital systems and partially reusable orbital systems have been flown .	However the design issues are extremely challenging and no fully reusable orbital launch system has yet been demonstrated .
Length ranges from , wingspan from and weight from .	with a strong yellow and black beak , large yellow eyes ( which give it a `` reptilian '' , or `` goggle-eyed '' appearance ) , and cryptic plumage .
It is thus a mechanism of limited self-governance , `` a police force policing itself '' .	In different systems , internal affairs can go by other names such as Internal Investigations Division ( usually referred to as IID ) , professional standards , inspectorate general , Office of Professional Responsibility , Internal Review Board , or similar .
Schickele 's music combines parodies of musicological scholarship , the conventions of Baroque and classical music , and slapstick .	The name `` P.D.Q . ''
Horn & Hardart was a food services company in the United States , noted for operating the first food service automats in Philadelphia and New York City .	Philadelphia 's Joseph Horn ( 1861–1941 ) and German-born , New Orleans-raised Frank Hardart ( 1850–1918 ) opened their first restaurant together in Philadelphia , on December 22 , 1888 .
The scientific name is from Ancient Greek .	The genus `` Syrrhaptes '' is from `` surrhaptos '' , `` sewn together '' ( the feathered toes of both species in the genus are fused together ) and `` paradoxus '' is from `` paradoxos '' , `` strange '' .
In Christian churches with episcopal polity , the rank of metropolitan bishop , or simply metropolitan , pertains to the diocesan bishop or archbishop of a metropolis .	Originally , the term referred to the bishop of the chief city of a historical Roman province , whose authority in relation to the other bishops of the province was recognized by the First Council of Nicaea ( AD 325 ) .
Paul Christian Lauterbur ( May 6 , 1929 – March 27 , 2007 ) was an American chemist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2003 with Peter Mansfield for his work which made the development of magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) possible .	Lauterbur was a professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook from 1963 until 1985 where he conducted his research for the development of the MRI .
Mansfield was born in Lambeth , London on 9 October 1933 , to Sidney George ( a gas fitter ) and Rose Lillian Mansfield .	Mansfield is the youngest of three brothers .
It differs from pedophilia ( the primary or exclusive sexual interest in prepubescent children ) , and from ephebophilia ( the primary sexual interest in later adolescents , typically ages 15–19 ) .	While individuals with a sexual preference for adults may have some sexual interest in pubescent-aged individuals , researchers and clinical diagnoses have proposed that hebephilia is characterized by a sexual preference for pubescent rather than adult partners .
The term is used in reference to both software and websites .	Look and feel applies to other products .
It was discovered by Gottfried Kirch in 1702 .	M5 is , under extremely good conditions , just visible to the naked eye as a faint `` star '' near the star 5 Serpentis .
He also received nominations in the Best Original Song category for `` Gon na Fly Now '' from `` Rocky '' and for the title song of `` For Your Eyes Only '' .	He was the musical director at the Academy Awards a record nineteen times .
However , these statistics measure citizenship , not ethnicity , with all domestic minorities such as the Ainu , Ryukyuans , Burakumin and naturalized immigrants being counted as simply `` Japanese . ''	The Japanese government does not collect data on the ethnic identities of its citizens , claiming that there are no issues of race relations among Japanese citizens as they are all of the same race .
As the National Metrology Institute of Germany , PTB is Germany 's highest and only authority in terms of correct and reliable measurements .	The Units and Time Act Bundesgesetzblatt ( Federal Law Gazette ) , volume 2008 , part I , No .
In June 1973 date and time information was added .	Its primary and backup transmitter are located at in Mainflingen , about 25 km south-east of Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
The Dumbbell Nebula appears to be shaped like an prolate spheroid and is viewed from our perspective along the plane of its equator .	In 1992 , Moreno-Corral et al .
The land was part of a Mexican land grant in the 19th century , and after the United States took over the land following the Mexican–American War , it was the largest such grant in California .	Settlement and development followed .
Herschel described it as a `` globular cluster of stars , large , very rich , very much compressed , round , well resolved , clearly consisting of stars '' .	It was not until 1947 that Helen Sawyer Hogg added it and three other objects discovered by Méchain to the list of Messier objects .
Overnet implements the Kademlia algorithm .	In late 2006 , Overnet and all Overnet-owned resources were taken down as a result of legal actions from the RIAA and others .
Amphidromic points occur because the Coriolis effect and interference within oceanic basins , seas and bays creates a wave pattern — called an amphidromic system — which rotates around the amphidromic point .	At the amphidromic points of the dominant tidal constituent , there is almost no vertical movement from tidal action .
In computer science , a skip list is a data structure that allows `` O ( log n ) '' search complexity as well as `` O ( log n ) '' insertion complexity within an ordered sequence of `` n '' elements .	Thus it can get the best of array ( for searching ) while maintaining a linked list-like structure that allows insertion- which is not possible in an array .
The Israeli government offered to host the games in Tel Aviv , a suggestion that was accepted .	The opening ceremony took place in the Hebrew University stadium at the Givat Ram campus in Jerusalem and the games took place in Ramat Gan , near Tel Aviv , at the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled .
Babesiosis is a malaria-like parasitic disease caused by infection with `` Babesia '' , a type of Apicomplexa .	Human babesiosis transmission via tick bite is most common in the Northeastern and Midwestern United States and parts of Europe , and sporadic throughout the rest of the world .
The 1972 Summer Paralympics ( ) , the fourth edition of the Paralympic Games , were held in Heidelberg , West Germany , from August 2 to 11 , 1972 .	As with previous Paralympics , the 1972 games were intended for wheelchair athletes only .
They were hosted by Toronto , Canada , from August 4 to 12 , 1976 , marking the first time a Paralympics was held in Canada .	The games began three days after the close of the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal .
It is produced primarily from plants in the genus `` Corchorus '' , which was once classified with the family Tiliaceae , and more recently with Malvaceae .	The primary source of the fiber is `` Corchorus olitorius '' , but it is considered inferior to `` Corchorus capsularis '' .
The word entered the English language from the Old French `` charte '' , via Latin `` charta '' , and ultimately from Greek χάρτης ( `` khartes '' , meaning `` layer of papyrus '' ) .	It has come to be synonymous with a document that sets out a grant of rights or privileges .
The term implied female sexual promiscuity or work in prostitution ; young women who became pregnant outside of marriage , or whose male family members complained about their behavior were committed here .	They were required to work as part of their board , and the institutions operated large commercial laundries , serving customers beyond the Church .
COLI was originally purchased on the lives of key employees and executives by a company to hedge against the financial cost of losing key employees to unexpected death , the risk of recruiting and training replacements of necessary or highly trained personnel , or to fund corporate obligations to redeem stock upon the death of an owner .	This use is commonly known as `` key man '' or `` key person '' insurance .
The 1980 Summer Paralympics ( ) , branded as the Olympics for the Disabled , were the sixth Summer Paralympic Games .	They were held in Arnhem , Netherlands , from June 21 to 30 , 1980 .
In North America there are 4,500 congregations totaling 1.2 million members associated with it ; an additional 10,000 churches are associated worldwide .	In 1948 , George Beauchamp Vick ( Norris ' co-pastor in Detroit , Michigan ) became president of the World Baptist Fellowship owned Bible Baptist Seminary of Fort Worth , Texas ( later Arlington Baptist College ) .
Initially copyright law only applied to the copying of books .	Over time other uses such as translations and derivative works were made subject to copyright and copyright now covers a wide range of works , including maps , performances , paintings , photographs , sound recordings , motion pictures and computer programs .
Morris was born in Long Beach , California .	Before beginning his musical career , he served in the US forces in the Vietnam War .
soil-borne fungus of the species `` Phymatotrichopsis omnivora '' that attacks the roots of susceptible plants .	It was first discovered in 1888 , and was named by Duggar in 1916 .
Ernest Lalor `` Ern '' Malley was a fictitious poet and the central figure in Australia 's most famous literary hoax .	He and his entire body of work were created in one day in 1943 by conservative writers James McAuley and Harold Stewart in order to hoax Max Harris and his modernist magazine `` Angry Penguins '' , which Harris co-edited with John Reed of Heide , Melbourne .
He was also the president of Little Angels Children 's Folk Ballet of Korea .	He was a lieutenant colonel in the South Korean military when he joined the church in the 1950s .
For `` The Collected Poems of Howard Nemerov '' ( 1977 ) , he won the National Book Award for Poetry ,	Pulitzer Prize for Poetry ,
Fonda was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing Mandy Rice-Davies in the 1989 film `` Scandal '' and provided the voice for Jenna in the 1995 animated feature film `` Balto '' .	She received an Emmy Award nomination for the 1997 TV film `` In the Gloaming '' , and a second Golden Globe Award nomination for the 2001 TV film `` No Ordinary Baby '' .
Barnabe Googe , born 11 June 1540 ( St Barnabas Day ) , in Alvingham , Lincolnshire , was the son of Robert Googe ( d. 5 May 1557 ) of Chilwell , Nottinghamshire , Recorder of Lincoln during the reign of Queen Mary , son of John Goche of London and Newland , Gloucestershire , in the Forest of Dean , by Jane Bridges , daughter and heir of James Bridges of the Forest of Dean .	His mother was Margaret Mantell ( d.1540 ) , the daughter of Sir Walter Mantell ( d.1529 ) of Nether Heyford , Northamptonshire , by Margaret Wood ( d.1577 ) , one of the daughters and coheirs of Oliver Wood , esquire .
Emperor Ming was a hard-working , able administrator of the empire who showed integrity and demanded integrity from his officials .	He also established the control of the Chinese Empire on the Tarim Basin and eradicated the Xiongnu influence there , through the conquests of his general Ban Chao .
Hyesan ( ) is a city in the northern part of Ryanggang province of North Korea .	It is a hub of river transportation as well as a product distribution centre .
Both races were held at the Tanaka International Aida circuit ( now Okayama International Circuit ) , a slow , twisty track deep in the countryside in Aida ( near Kobe ) , Japan .	Following the 1995 Kobe earthquake , the Pacific Grand Prix was moved from early in the calendar to the end .
It is also known as the first major town secured by the Allies during Operation Overlord .	Charles de Gaulle made two famous speeches in this town .
Dame Felicitas Corrigan OSB ( 6 March 1908 – 7 October 2003 ) was an English Benedictine nun , author and humanitarian .	She was born Kathleen Corrigan into a large Liverpool family , and developed a talent as an organist .
The poem `` A funeral song , upon the death of Annes his moother '' , accounts for his mother 's death .	Grimald 's mother has been speculated to be Agnes Gyrmbold , who dies in 1555 .
It is located near the Grand Union Canal .	Tyseley means `` Tyssa 's clearing '' with `` -ley '' meaning woodland clearing .
He was the third emperor of the Eastern Han .	Emperor Zhang was a hardworking and diligent emperor .
The band included lead vocalist Ian MacKaye of the defunct hardcore punk act Minor Threat and three former members of his brother Alec 's band , the Faith : guitarist Michael Hampton , drummer Ivor Hanson , and bassist Chris Bald .	Hampton and Hanson had also previously played together in S.O.A .
Copy editing ( also copyediting , sometimes abbreviated ce ) is the process of reviewing and correcting written material to improve accuracy , readability , and fitness for its purpose , and to ensure that it is free of error , omission , inconsistency , and repetition .	In the context of publication in print , copy editing is done before typesetting and again before proofreading , the final step in the editorial cycle .
The Edison Diamond Disc Record is a type of phonograph record marketed by Thomas A. Edison , Inc. on their Edison Record label from 1912 to 1929 .	They were named Diamond Discs because the matching Edison Disc Phonograph was fitted with a permanent conical diamond stylus for playing them .
Because it is the sum of its unitary divisors ( excluding itself ) , it is a unitary perfect number , and it is an abundant number with an abundance of 48 .	Being ten times a perfect number , it is a semiperfect number .
He is also known for hosting `` Truth or Consequences '' from 1956 to 1974 .	Born in Darrington , Washington , to modest circumstances , Barker enlisted in the United States Navy during World War II .
George FitzRoy Henry Somerset , 3rd Baron Raglan , ( 18 September 1857 – 24 October 1921 ) , styled The Honourable George Somerset until 1884 , was a British soldier and Conservative politician .	He served as Under-Secretary of State for War from 1900 to 1902 and was Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1902 to 1919 .
The Cotentin Peninsula ( ) , also known as the Cherbourg Peninsula , is a peninsula in Normandy that forms part of the northwest coast of France .	It extends north-westward into the English Channel , towards Great Britain .
The sum of the first 24 squares starting from 1 is 70 .	This relates 70 to the Leech lattice and thus string theory .
In mathematics , in set theory , the constructible universe ( or Gödel 's constructible universe ) , denoted L , is a particular class of sets that can be described entirely in terms of simpler sets .	`` L '' is the union of the constructible hierarchy `` L '' .
80 ( eighty ) is the natural number following 79 and preceding 81 .	80 is :
Emperor He of Han ( ; 79 – 13 February 106 ) was an emperor of the Chinese Han dynasty who ruled from 88 to 105 .	He was the 4th emperor of the Eastern Han .
90 ( ninety ) is the natural number preceded by 89 and followed by 91 .	In the English language , the numbers 90 and 19 are often confused , as sounding very similar .
Two techniques are used : HALO ( high altitude – low opening ) and HAHO ( high altitude – high opening ) .	In the HALO technique , the parachutist opens their parachute at a low altitude after free-falling for a period of time , while in the HAHO technique , the parachutist opens their parachute at a high altitude just a few seconds after jumping from the aircraft .
Liu Hu ascended to the throne when Emperor Shang died in 106 ; however , Dowager Deng still remained as the regent for the teenager Emperor An .	A decree by Empress Dowager Deng during this reign shed light on bureaucratic inefficiency .
1 .	Les Escaldes and Engordany are former villages and nowadays the parish of Escaldes-Engordany is only one city. < /small >
As of the end of 2017 , Armenia has 503 municipal communities -including Yerevan- of which 46 are urban and 457 are rural .	The capital , Yerevan , also has the status of a community .
In total , Azerbaijan has 77 cities ( including 12 Federal-level cities ) , 64 smaller -class cities , and one special legal status city .	These are followed by 257 urban-type settlements and 4,620 villages .
First built during the Ming dynasty in 1420 , Tiananmen was the entrance to the Imperial City , within which the Forbidden City was located .	Tiananmen is located to the north of Tiananmen Square , separated from the plaza by Chang'an Avenue .
This article shows a list of cities in El Salvador .	Over 100,000 or a High Human Development Index , and a high urbanization .
This is a list of the cities and towns ( Georgian : ქალაქი , `` k'alak'i '' ) in Georgia , according to the 2014 census data of the Department of Statistics of Georgia .	The list does not include the smaller urban-type settlements categorized in Georgia as `` daba '' ( დაბა ) .
The capital Budapest has a special status and is not included in any county while 23 of the towns are so-called urban counties ( `` megyei jogú város '' – town with county rights ) .	All county seats except Budapest are urban counties .
The capital city , Skopje , is home to around 25 % of the total population of the country .	As of 2002 , 59.5 % of the population lived in urban areas .
Weber claims that the state is the `` only human `` Gemeinschaft '' which lays claim to the monopoly on the legitimated use of physical force .	However , this monopoly is limited to a certain geographical area , and in fact this limitation to a particular area is one of the things that defines a state . ''
This is a list of major cities in Madagascar with population ( 1993 census and 2013 estimate ) , region , and former province .	These are listed in order of their 2013 population .
The following table includes cities of more than 7,500 inhabitants .	The results are from the census of January 5 , 2000 as well as from a population estimation for the end of 2008 .
72 were established in May 2014 , 61 in December 2014 , 26 in September 2015 and another 46 in March 2017 .	There are three types of municipalities in Nepal , metropolitan city , sub-metropolitan city and municipality .
for those following the Julian Calendar ) as the Feast of the Dormition of the Mother of God .	The Armenian Apostolic Church celebrates the Dormition not on a fixed date , but on the Sunday nearest 15 August .
The following is a list of cities administered by the Palestinian National Authority .	After the 1995 Interim Agreements , the Palestinian National Authority ( PNA ) took control of civil affairs in both designated Areas , A and B , where most Palestinian population centers are located ( except those within the municipal borders of East Jerusalem ) .
It was created by Ray Ozzie during the early development of Lotus Notes .	He borrowed the compiler and decompiler from the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet , but unlike the spreadsheet language Formula Language was designed primarily for string and list processing , not numerical processing .
Each district bears the same name as its administrative centre , with the exception of Mount Simeon District where the centre is the city of Aleppo .	The same applies to all `` nahiyas '' ( sub-districts ) , except for the Mount Simeon Nahiya where the centre is the city of Aleppo .
The following table includes all cities larger than 10,000 people , with their names in English , and the corresponding names in Cyrillic and Perso-Arabic script .	Because of transliteration difficulties , some are known by more than one spelling .
The simple theorems in the algebra of sets are some of the elementary properties of the algebra of union ( infix ∪ ) , intersection ( infix ∩ ) , and set complement ( postfix ' ) of sets .	These properties assume the existence of at least two sets : a given universal set , denoted U , and the empty set , denoted { } .
It was initially developed to fill the Mozilla project 's need for good tools to allow multiple developers to edit its extremely large codebase .	Among other features , Bonsai allows complex queries to be performed , as well as near real-time updates of check-ins to the CVS server .
Loosely based on Robinson 's life in London in the late 1960s , the plot follows two unemployed actors , Withnail and `` I '' ( portrayed by Richard E. Grant and Paul McGann , respectively ) who share a flat in Camden Town in 1969 .	Needing a holiday , they obtain the key to a country cottage in the Lake District belonging to Withnail 's eccentric uncle Monty and drive there .
The Aristocats is a 1970 American animated romantic adventure musical comedy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution .	The 20th Disney animated feature film , the film is based on a story by Tom McGowan and Tom Rowe , and revolves around a family of aristocratic cats , and how an alley cat acquaintance helps them after a butler has kidnapped them to gain his mistress 's fortune which was intended to go to them .
Note : Melbourne is sometimes said to have been the inaugural capital of Australia , from 1901 until 1927 , when Parliament House , Canberra was opened .	This is not so .
There is a small clean technology emphasis in the area .	Silicon Forest can refer to all the technology companies in Oregon , but initially referred to Washington County on Portland ’ s west side .
is a much-anthologized short story written by Frank R. Stockton for publication in the magazine `` The Century '' in 1882 .	`` The Lady , or the Tiger ? ''
Norwest was born in Fort Saskatchewan , Alberta on 1 May 1884 , the Metis son of Louis Northwest or Watson and Geneviève Boucher both Metis .	His father lived for a time with the Cree band led by Kiskaquin ( Bobtail ) .
While they are toured through the Quadling Country , the Nome King is assembling allies for an invasion of Oz .	This is the first time in the Oz series that Baum made use of double plots for one of the books .
Morpheus ( 'Fashioner ' , derived from the meaning 'form , shape ' ) is a god associated with sleep and dreams .	In Ovid 's `` Metamorphoses '' he is the son of Sleep , who appears in dreams in human form .
On April 22 , 2008 , distributor StreamCast Networks filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy after a long legal battle with music companies ; all of their employees were laid off and the official download at www.morpheus.com stopped being available , though for a small period the website remained online .	As of October 29 , 2008 , the official Morpheus website is offline , including all other websites owned by StreamCast Networks , specifically MusicCity.com , Streamcastnetworks.com and NeoNetwork.com .
Various sources translate it into English as a caste , or alternatively as a social class .	It is the lowest rank of the four varnas .
It is an oral art that focuses on the aesthetics of word play such as intonation and voice inflection .	It is a `` catchall '' term that includes any kind of poetry recited aloud , including poetry readings , poetry slams , jazz poetry , and hip hop , and can include comedy routines and prose monologues .
Lana and Lilly Wachowski , the creators of `` The Matrix '' franchise , instructed Fishburne to base his performance on Morpheus , a character in Neil Gaiman 's comic book series `` The Sandman '' .	At the studio 's request , Gaiman later wrote `` Goliath '' , a promotional short story set in the film 's universe .
When her infant stepson Emperor Shang succeeded to the throne in 106 , Empress Dowager Deng kept the then-12-year-old Crown Prince Liu Hu in the capital Luoyang as insurance against the infant emperor 's death and the successor to the throne .	Prince Hu ascended the throne and became emperor when Emperor Shang died in August or September 106 ; however , Empress Dowager Deng still remained as the regent until her death in 121 .
Slip-critical joint , from structural engineering , is a type of bolted structural steel connection which relies on friction between the two connected elements rather than bolt shear or bolt bearing to join two structural elements .	Shear ( and tension ) loads can be transferred between two structural elements by either a bearing-type connection or a slip-critical connection .
Tessa Allen ( born August 7 , 1996 ) is an American actress .	Allen made her motion picture debut in `` Enough '' starring as Gracie , the young daughter of Jennifer Lopez 's character .
Ace were a British rock band , who enjoyed moderate success in the 1970s .	Their membership included Paul Carrack , who later became famous as the co-lead vocalist of Mike + The Mechanics and as a solo artist .
Qian Xuesen , or Hsue-Shen Tsien ( ; 11 December 1911 – 31 October 2009 ) , was a prominent Chinese aerodynamicist and cyberneticist who contributed to rocket science and established engineering cybernetics .	Recruited from MIT , he joined Theodore von Karman 's group at Caltech , including the founding of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Military theorists and strategists have viewed attrition warfare as something to be avoided .	Attrition warfare represents an attempt to grind down an opponent and its superior numbers , which is the opposite of the usual principles of war in which one attempts to achieve decisive victories by using minimal necessary resources and in minimal amount of time , through manoeuvre , concentration of force , surprise , and the like .
Tisdale is the business centre for the rich agricultural boreal forest area in Northeastern Saskatchewan , Canada .	This town is in the Rural Municipality of Tisdale No .
Maternal effects can also be caused by the maternal environment independent of genotype , sometimes controlling the size , sex , or behaviour of the offspring .	These adaptive maternal effects lead to phenotypes of offspring that increase their fitness .
The Marquess of Beixiang ( ; died 10 December 125 ) , personal name Liu Yi , also referred to as Emperor Shao ( 少帝 , literally `` young emperor '' ) , was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty .	He was selected to succeed Emperor An after Emperor An 's sudden death in 125 , but died soon after he became emperor and a eunuch coup in favour of Emperor Shun overthrew the regime of Empress Dowager Yan , who put him on the throne .
He had further success with the blue-eyed soul music of The Style Council ( 1983–1989 ) , before establishing himself as a solo artist in 1991 .	Despite widespread critical recognition as a singer , lyricist , and guitarist , Weller has remained a national , rather than international , star and much of his songwriting is rooted in British culture .
In 2014 , the complex was given its current name following the completion of extensive renovations .	Brookfield Place is owned by Toronto-based Brookfield Office Properties , except for the spaces occupied by American Express , which is owned by the American Express Company .
He married Eleanor , daughter of Henry II of Castile , in 1375 , putting an end to the conflict between Castile and Navarre .	As king , his politics were peace with France , Castile , Aragon , and England , support for the Avignon Papacy , and matrimonial alliance .
`` The O'Reilly Factor '' first aired in the United States on Fox News on October 7 , 1996 , the same day the network launched .	It was hosted by political commentator Bill O'Reilly , who discussed current events and controversial political issues with guests .
There are 28 subdivisions within the RCM :	Highways and numbered routes that run through the municipality , including external routes that start or finish at the county border :
A solid , liquid , or gel electrolyte covers the surface of this oxide layer , serving as the ( cathode ) or negative plate of the capacitor .	Due to their very thin dielectric oxide layer and enlarged anode surface , electrolytic capacitors have a much higher capacitance-voltage ( CV ) product per unit volume than ceramic capacitors or film capacitors , and so can have large capacitance values .
Pay Day is currently marketed by Winning Moves .	The game simulates money management , with the game board resembling a calendar month .
It forms the southern part of a mountain belt that continues northward in the Changbai Mountains .	The part of the mountain range on the peninsula is known as the Qianshan Mountains , named after Qian Mountain in Anshan , which includes Dahei Mountain in Dalian .
The term `` totonac '' refers to the people living in Totonacapan .	There is no agreement as to the origin of the term .
There are several wear leveling mechanisms that provide varying levels of longevity enhancement in such memory systems .	The term `` preemptive wear leveling '' ( PWL ) has been used by Western Digital to describe their preservation technique used on hard disk drives ( HDDs ) designed for storing audio and video data .
Since the 1967 Arab-Israeli War , East Jerusalem has been , along with the rest of the West Bank , occupied by Israel .	This area includes Jerusalem 's Old City and some of the holiest sites of Judaism , Christianity , and Islam , such as the Temple Mount , Western Wall , Al-Aqsa Mosque , Dome of the Rock and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre , as well as a number of adjacent neighbourhoods .
After Emperor An died in 125 , the Empress Dowager Yan , childless but yearning to hold on to power , displaced Prince Bao ( whose title of crown prince she had wrongly caused Emperor An to strip in 124 ) from the throne in favour of Liu Yi , the Marquess of Beixiang .	Liu Yi died after reigning less than seven months ; eunuchs loyal to Prince Bao , led by Sun Cheng , carried out a successful coup d'etat against the Empress Dowager , and Prince Bao was finally declared emperor at age 10 .
Rawalpindi is adjacent to Pakistan 's capital of Islamabad , and the two are jointly known as the `` twin cities '' on account strong social and economic links between the cities .	Rawalpindi is the fourth-largest city in Pakistan by population , while the larger Islamabad Rawalpindi metropolitan area is the country 's third-largest metropolitan area .
The project attempted to drill as deep as possible into the Earth 's crust .	Drilling began on 24 May 1970 using the `` Uralmash-4E '' , and later the `` Uralmash-15000 '' series drilling rig .
Emperor Chong was the only son of Emperor Shun .	He ascended the throne at the age of one and reigned less than six months .
Part of the Collegiate Gothic Memorial Quadrangle complex completed in 1922 , it is named for Charles William Harkness , brother of Yale 's largest benefactor , Edward Harkness .	The tower was constructed between 1917 and 1921 as part of the Memorial Quadrangle donated to Yale by Anna M. Harkness in honor of her recently deceased son , Charles William Harkness , an 1883 Yale graduate .
Its 54 bells are chromatically arranged from G ( 1.5 octaves below middle-C ) to C ( 3 octaves above middle-C ) for a total of 4.5 octaves .	The lowest bell is an F♯ concert pitch , and weighs 13,400 pounds .
Martin Yan ( , Zhen Wenda ; born 22 December 1948 ) is a Chinese-American chef and food writer .	He has hosted his award-winning PBS-TV cooking show `` Yan Can Cook '' since 1982 .
This is most often as a result of a pituitary adenoma ( specifically pituitary basophilism ) or due to excess production of hypothalamus CRH ( corticotropin releasing hormone ) ( tertiary hypercortisolism/hypercorticism ) that stimulates the synthesis of cortisol by the adrenal glands .	Pituitary adenomas are responsible for 80 % of endogenous Cushing 's syndrome , when excluding Cushing 's syndrome from exogenously administered corticosteroids .
Emperor Zhi ascended the throne when he was seven when his third cousin , two-year-old Emperor Chong died , and although he was still a child , Emperor Zhi was remarkably intelligent and he knew and was offended by the immense power Liang Ji had over the government—leading to him once commenting that Liang Ji was `` an arrogant general . ''	This act of defiance angered Liang Ji , who proceeded to poison the emperor .
500 copies were produced on black 7 '' vinyl .	Both songs from the single were re-recorded and re-released in various versions over the following twenty years .
They are used primarily to soften polyvinyl chloride ( PVC ) .	Lower-molecular-weight phthalates , those derived from C3-C6 alcohols , are being gradually replaced in many products in the United States , Canada , and European Union over health concerns .
Her big screen breakthrough came in `` Honey '' ( 2003 ) .	She soon established herself as a Hollywood actress , and has starred in numerous box office hits throughout her career , including `` Fantastic Four '' ( 2005 ) , `` '' ( 2007 ) , `` Good Luck Chuck '' ( 2007 ) , `` The Eye '' ( 2008 ) , `` Valentine 's Day '' ( 2010 ) , `` Little Fockers '' ( 2010 ) , and `` '' ( 2016 ) .
An interval signal , or tuning signal , is a characteristic sound or musical phrase used in international broadcasting , numbers stations , and by some domestic broadcasters , played before commencement or during breaks in transmission , but most commonly between programmes in different languages .	It serves several purposes :
Koei Co. , Ltd. was a Japanese video game publisher , developer , and distributor founded in 1978 .	The company is known for its historical simulation games based on the novel `` Romance of the Three Kingdoms '' , as well as simulation games based on pseudo-historical events .
Desidae is a family of spiders , some of which are known as intertidal spiders .	The family is named for the genus `` Desis '' , members of which live in a very unusual location — between the tides .
Emperor Huan of Han ( ; 132 – 25 January 168 ) was the 27th emperor of the Han Dynasty after he was enthroned by the Empress Dowager and her brother Liang Ji on 1 August 146 .	He was a great-grandson of Emperor Zhang .
Black is known for his roles in `` High Fidelity '' ( 2000 ) , `` Shallow Hal '' ( 2001 ) , `` School of Rock '' ( 2003 ) , `` King Kong '' ( 2005 ) , `` The Holiday '' ( 2006 ) , the `` Kung Fu Panda '' franchise ( 2008–2016 ) , `` Tropic Thunder '' ( 2008 ) , `` Gulliver 's Travels '' ( 2010 ) , `` Bernie '' ( 2011 ) , `` Goosebumps '' ( 2015 ) , and `` '' ( 2017 ) .	He has been nominated for two Golden Globe Awards .
Abbott was a member of the Reform Party from 1993 to 2000 and a member of the Canadian Alliance from 2000 to 2004 .	Originally representing the riding of Kootenay East , he has represented Kootenay—Columbia since the boundaries were redrawn , and the name changed , in 1997 .
Ablonczy represented Calgary ridings from 1993 to 2015 , sitting first with the Reform Party of Canada , then with the Canadian Alliance and finally with the Conservative Party of Canada .	She served as the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs ( Americas and Consular Affairs ) from January 4 , 2011 to July 15 , 2013 .
Peter Adams , ( 17 April 1936 – 28 September 2018 ) was a Canadian politician from Ontario .	He was a Liberal member of Canada 's House of Commons from 1993 to 2006 representing the riding of Peterborough .
However , online music stores generally offer partial streaming previews of songs , with some songs even available for full length listening .	Online music stores typically show a picture of the album art or of the performer or band for each song .
Based on Jean Giraudoux 's play `` The Madwoman of Chaillot '' as adapted by Maurice Valency , it focuses on the Countesses Aurelia , Constance and Gabrielle , who deviously scheme to stop businessmen from drilling for oil in the Parisian neighbourhood of Chaillot .	The forces of idealism , love and poetry win over those of greed , materialism and science .
Born the son of a lesser marquis who descended directly from Emperor Zhang ( the third Eastern Han emperor ) , Liu Hong was chosen to be emperor in 168 around age 12 after the death of his predecessor , Emperor Huan , who had no son to succeed him .	He reigned for about 21 years until his death in 189 .
Reginald B. Alcock , ( April 16 , 1948 – October 14 , 2011 ) was a Canadian politician .	He represented the riding of Winnipeg South in the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 2006 and was a cabinet minister in the government of Prime Minister Paul Martin .
Margaret Joan Trudeau ( `` née '' Sinclair , formerly Kemper ; born September 10 , 1948 ) is a Canadian author , actress , photographer , former television talk show hostess , and social advocate for people with bipolar disorder , which she is diagnosed with .	She is the former wife of Pierre Trudeau , 15th Prime Minister of Canada ; they divorced in 1984 , during his final months in office .
The four tracks comprising the EP were recorded , along with thirteen others , in early 1978 for the proposed `` Static Age '' album .	When the band could not find a record label to release the album , they instead released four of the songs as `` Bullet '' on singer Glenn Danzig 's label Plan 9 Records .
She was in the House of Commons from 2000 to 2004 and represented the riding of Laval East .	She was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Canadian Heritage , and a member of the Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights and the Vice-Chair of the Special Committee on Non-medical use of drugs .
His emperor title , `` Emperor Shao '' ( literally `` young emperor '' ) , was also used by other emperors who were in power for very short periods of time .	In 190 , he was poisoned to death by Dong Zhuo , the warlord who deposed him and replaced him with his younger half-brother , Liu Xie ( Emperor Xian ) .
Its council is based in the town of High Wycombe .	The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , by the merger of the Municipal Borough of High Wycombe with Marlow Urban District and Wycombe Rural District .
After 550 at the latest , Christian art is classified as Byzantine , or of some other regional type .	It is hard to know when distinctly Christian art began .
Sir William Petty FRS ( Romsey , 26 May 1623 – 16 December 1687 ) was an English economist , physician , scientist and philosopher .	He first became prominent serving Oliver Cromwell and the Commonwealth in Ireland .
Pollinators participate in sexual reproduction of many plants , by ensuring cross-pollination , essential for some species , or a major factor in ensuring genetic diversity for others .	Since plants are the primary food source for animals , the reduction of one of the primary pollination agents , or even their possible disappearance , has raised concern , and the conservation of pollinators has become part of biodiversity conservation efforts .
Zhang Liang contributed greatly to the establishment of the Han dynasty .	After his death , he was honoured with the posthumous title `` Marquis Wencheng '' by Emperor Gaozu .
In 189 , at the age of eight , he became emperor after the warlord Dong Zhuo , who had seized control of the Han central government , deposed Emperor Shao and replaced him with Liu Xie .	The newly enthroned Liu Xie , historically known as Emperor Xian , was in fact a puppet ruler under Dong Zhuo 's control .
Carlos Diego Mesa Gisbert ( born August 12 , 1953 ) is a Bolivian historian and former politician .	He was vice president of Bolivia from August 2002 to October 2003 and then became president , holding office from October 17 , 2003 until his resignation on June 6 , 2005 .
The Lapland longspur is a robust bird , with a thick yellow seed-eater 's bill .	The summer male has a black head and throat , white eyestripe , chestnut nape , white underparts , and a heavily streaked black-grey back .
In television , Greenwood starred as Gil Garcetti in `` '' , and has appeared in `` Mad Men '' , `` St .	Elsewhere '' , `` Knots Landing '' , and `` John from Cincinnati '' .
More generally , again analogous to real-valued sequences , the less restrictive limit infimum and limit supremum of a set sequence always exist and can be used to determine convergence : the limit exists if the limit infimum and limit supremum are identical .	( See below ) .
The cirl bunting ( ) , `` Emberiza cirlus '' , is a passerine bird in the bunting family Emberizidae , a group now separated by most modern authors from the finches , Fringillidae .	It breeds across southern Europe , on the Mediterranean islands and in north Africa .
However , the first Chinese crewed space program only began several decades later , when an accelerated program of technological development culminated in Yang Liwei 's successful 2003 flight aboard Shenzhou 5 .	This achievement made China the third country to independently send humans into space .
Examples of other aryl groups consist of :	Arylation is a chemical process in which an aryl group is attached to a substituent .
The pine bunting ( `` Emberiza leucocephalos '' ) is a passerine bird in the bunting family Emberizidae , a group most modern authors now separate from the finches , Fringillidae .	It lives in Asia .
It stars Sam Neill , Julie Carmen , Jürgen Prochnow , David Warner and Charlton Heston .	Informally , the film is the third installment in Carpenter 's `` Apocalypse Trilogy '' , preceded by `` The Thing '' and `` Prince of Darkness '' .
The Big Game is the name given to the Cal–Stanford football rivalry .	It is an American college football rivalry game played by the California Golden Bears football team of the University of California , Berkeley and the Stanford Cardinal football team of Stanford University .
The LSJUMB was formed in 1893 .	However , its modern era began in 1963 with the hiring of Arthur P. Barnes as interim director ( he got the full-time post two years later ) .
Morgoth 's Ring ( 1993 ) is the tenth volume of Christopher Tolkien 's 12-volume series `` The History of Middle-earth '' in which he analyses the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien .	This volume , along with the subsequent `` The War of the Jewels '' , provides detailed writings and editorial commentary pertaining to J. R. R. Tolkien 's cosmology that eventually would become `` The Silmarillion '' .
There is an inscription in tengwar on the title page of each volume of `` The History of Middle-earth '' , written by Christopher Tolkien and describing the contents of the book .	The inscription in Volume XI reads :
King Biscuit Time is the longest-running daily American radio broadcast in history .	The program is broadcast each weekday from KFFA in Helena , Arkansas , United States , and has won the George Foster Peabody Award for broadcasting excellence .
Each volume of `` The History of Middle-earth '' bears on the title page spread an inscription by Christopher Tolkien in Fëanorian letters ( in Tengwar , an alphabet J. R. R. Tolkien devised for the High-Elves ) , that describes the contents of the book .	The inscription in Volume XII reads : `` This is the last volume of the work of Christopher Tolkien in which he has collected a great part of all that his father John Ronald Reuel Tolkien wrote of Middle-earth and Valinor .
Similar programs include land-grant colleges ( instituted in 1862 ) , sea-grant colleges ( instituted in 1966 ) , and sun-grant colleges ( instituted in 2003 ) .	Unlike in the land-grant program , no economic rights to outer space have been granted in the space-grant program , only money .
The National Sea Grant College Program is a program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) within the U.S. Department of Commerce .	It is a national network of 33 Sea Grant Colleges and universities involved in scientific research , education , training , and extension projects geared toward the conservation and practical use of the coasts , Great Lakes , and other marine areas .
Its Külliye contains Ahmed 's tomb , a madrasah and a hospice .	Hand-painted blue tiles adorn the mosque ’ s interior walls , and at night the mosque is bathed in blue as lights frame the mosque ’ s five main domes , six minarets and eight secondary domes .
The technology was originally developed by General Instrument before being acquired by Motorola and subsequently acquired by ARRIS Group .	Cable companies converted to digital systems during the 2000s , around the time that television signals were converted to the digital HDTV standard , which was not compatible with earlier analog cable systems .
The Barbizon school was active roughly from 1830 through 1870 .	It takes its name from the village of Barbizon , France , near the Forest of Fontainebleau , where many of the artists gathered .
A native Oregonian , he served in the United States Navy in the Pacific Theater during World War II after graduating from Willamette University .	After the war he earned a graduate degree from Stanford University before returning to Oregon and Willamette as a professor .
In 1773 , he published the `` Homeric Lexicon '' of Apollonius the Sophist from a manuscript in the abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés .	In 1778 , his edition of Longus 's `` Daphnis and Chloë '' was published .
The Lord President has authority over any court established under Scots law , except for the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom and the Court of the Lord Lyon .	The current Lord President of the Court of Session is Lord Carloway , who was appointed to the position on 18 December 2015 .
It can also be called a fractional column .	Most commonly used is either a Vigreux column or a straight column packed with glass beads or metal pieces such as Raschig rings .
Uppingham is a market town in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England , located on the A47 between Leicester and Peterborough , about south of the county town , Oakham on the A6003 road .	The market square is transformed once a year into the only fatstock show still to be held in temporary penning in a traditional market town .
As of January 2016 , approximately 89,824,000 American households ( 77.169 percent of households with TV ) receive Bravo .	Bravo originally launched as a commercial-free premium channel on December 1 , 1980 .
Coalville is twinned with Romans-sur-Isère in southeastern France .	Coalville is a product of the Industrial Revolution .
It is located near the border between the historic regions of Arcadia and Achaea—in the northeast of Arcadia , and entirely within modern Corinthia .	It is located west of Corinth , northwest of Stymfalia , north of Tripoli , and south of Derveni .
The Ethnological Society of London ( ESL ) was a learned society founded in 1843 as an offshoot of the Aborigines ' Protection Society ( APS ) .	The meaning of ethnology as a discipline was not then fixed : approaches and attitudes to it changed over its lifetime , with the rise of a more scientific approach to human diversity .
His body of work spans a variety of forms including performance art , process art , installation art , sculpture , visionary art , and painting .	Grey is a member of the Integral Institute .
King trained as a Shakespearean actress with the Melbourne National Theatre , she spent her early days in the United Kingdom .	After appearing in a few made for TV movies in the 1960s she subsequently started in television during the 1970s , and appeared in many Australian television series , including : `` Power Without Glory '' ; `` Homicide '' ; `` Division 4 '' ; `` Hunter '' ; `` Bellbird '' ; `` The Sullivans '' ; `` Chopper Squad '' ; `` Bluey '' ; `` Out of Love '' ; Good Morning , Mr. Doubleday ; `` The Long Arm '' .
In the middle ages , it was a small market town producing cloth in the early modern period ; in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries it was a major centre of nail making .	Bromsgrove is first documented in the early 9th century as Bremesgraf .
It has a quay at the head of the navigable section of the River Medina , which flows northward to Cowes and the Solent .	Mousterian remains , featuring tools made by Neanderthals at least 40,000 years ago , were found at Great Pan Farm in the 1970s .
Its power and utility are two of the primary theoretical advantages of Lebesgue integration over Riemann integration .	It is widely used in probability theory , since it gives a sufficient condition for the convergence of expected values of random variables .
A person may either inhale the material , or it may be delivered into the tracheobronchial tree during positive pressure ventilation .	When pulmonary aspiration occurs during eating and drinking , the aspirated material is often colloquially referred to as `` going down the wrong pipe . ''
Mouthbrooding , also known as oral incubation and buccal incubation , is the care given by some groups of animals to their offspring by holding them in the mouth of the parent for extended periods of time .	Although mouthbrooding is performed by a variety of different animals , such as the Darwin 's frog , fishes are by far the most diverse mouthbrooders .
Kingsbridge is a market town and tourist hub in the South Hams district of Devon , England , with a population of 6,116 at the 2011 census .	Two electoral wards bear the name of `` Kingsbridge '' ( East & North ) .
James Mansergh FRS ( 29 Apr 1834 – 15 Jun 1905 ) was an English civil engineer .	Mansergh was born in Lancaster .
The area also contains the towns of Dartmouth , Kingsbridge , Salcombe and Ivybridge , the last of which is the largest , with a population of 11,851 .	To the north , it includes part of Dartmoor National Park , to the east borders Torbay , and to the west Plymouth .
Born in St. John 's , Newfoundland , Thomey has been part of the comedy scene there for many years beginning as a writer and performer with the comedy troupe `` CODCO '' and as an actor and playwright .	He played the role of Brother Glackin in the film `` The Boys of St. Vincent '' .
She is known for her work on `` This Hour Has 22 Minutes . ''	Walsh was born in St. John 's , Newfoundland , the daughter of Mary and Leo Walsh , a merchant marine turned firefighter on commercial vessels .
During that time , he won a Gemini Award for his work on the series in 2006 .	Majumder was raised in Burlington , Newfoundland by his mother Marian Bartlett , a European-Canadian woman from Newfoundland , and Mani Majumder , a Bengali Hindu man , originally from West Bengal .
She served as Home Secretary from 2010 to 2016 .	May was first elected Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Maidenhead in 1997 .
This quest for monopoly angered Progressive Era reformers , alienated public opinion , resulted in high prices for acquisitions , and increased construction costs .	Debt soared from $ 14 million in 1903 to $ 242 million in 1913 , while the advent of automobiles , trucks and buses reduced railroad profits .
He has also performed at the Just For Laughs Festival in Montreal and the Winnipeg Comedy Festival .	He played the recurring role of Gary Breakfast on the CTV sitcom `` Satisfaction '' .
After appearing in several small roles , she caught the attention of Hal Roach , who pointed her out to comedian Harold Lloyd .	Lloyd was looking for a leading lady to replace Bebe Daniels , and cast Davis in his comedy short `` From Hand to Mouth '' in 1919 .
Automotive engineering , along with aerospace engineering and marine engineering , is a branch of vehicle engineering , incorporating elements of mechanical , electrical , electronic , software and safety engineering as applied to the design , manufacture and operation of motorcycles , automobiles and trucks and their respective engineering subsystems .	It also includes modification of vehicles .
From 1926 to 1939 it was the location of a Polish Military Transit Depot ( WST ) , sanctioned within the territory of the Free City of Danzig ( now Gdańsk ) .	It is famous for the Battle of Westerplatte , which was the first clash between Polish and German forces during the invasion of Poland and thus the first battle of the European theater of World War II .
A friendly artificial intelligence ( also friendly AI or FAI ) is a hypothetical artificial general intelligence ( AGI ) that would have a positive effect on humanity .	It is a part of the ethics of artificial intelligence and is closely related to machine ethics .
He was originally trained for the Soviet lunar programme and for military Soyuz flights before training for Salyut missions .	His next mission , in 1978 , was Soyuz 28 , the first Interkosmos flight , where he was accompanied by Vladimír Remek from Czechoslovakia .
Born in Montreal , Quebec , Sabourin joined the Canadian Army , serving in the Canadian Intelligence Corps .	Because of his training and fluency in both the French and the English languages , he was recruited into the Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) .
The yellow-bellied sapsucker is one of four species in the genus `` Sphyrapicus '' .	First described by Carl Linnaeus in 1766 , it is monotypic across its sizable range , although it does sometimes hybridize with red-breasted and red-naped sapsuckers .
It uses frequencies in the very high frequency ( VHF ) band from 108.00 to 117.95 MHz .	Developed in the United States beginning in 1937 and deployed by 1946 , VOR is the standard air navigational system in the world , used by both commercial and general aviation .
The concept is precisely the same as the concept of `` almost everywhere '' in measure theory .	In probability experiments on a finite sample space , there is often no difference between `` almost surely '' and `` surely '' .
In diegesis , the narrator `` tells '' the story .	The narrator presents the actions ( and sometimes thoughts ) of the characters to the readers or audience .
It is rated as least concern on the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) 's Red List of Endangered species , having been downlisted from near threatened in 2018 .	The red-bellied woodpecker also has its most prominent red part of its plumage on the head , but it looks quite different in other respects .
Self-assembly can be classified as either static or dynamic .	In `` static '' self-assembly , the ordered state forms as a system approaches equilibrium , reducing its free energy .
The year 680 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar .	In the Roman Empire , it was known as year 74 `` Ab urbe condita '' .
It was Anderson 's second TV series to exclusively use live actors as opposed to marionettes ( following `` UFO '' ) , and his second to be firmly set in contemporary times ( following `` The Secret Service '' ) .	It was also the only Gerry Anderson-produced television series that was not of the fantasy or science fiction genres .
A triggering sequence , also called an explosive train , is a sequence of events that culminates in the detonation of explosives .	For safety reasons , most widely used high explosives are difficult to detonate .
They are under the jurisdiction of the Governor of Illinois though the office of the Illinois Adjutant General unless they are federalized by order of the President of the United States .	The Illinois Air National Guard is headquartered at Camp Lincoln , Springfield , led by its Commander , Major General Ronald E. Paul ; Chief of Staff , Brigadier General William Robertson ; and Command Chief Master Sergeant John A. Jordan .
He later led Venezuela 's independence from Gran Colombia .	He dominated the country 's politics for most of the next two decades as the president of Venezuela once the country had achieved independence from Gran Colombia ( 1830–1835 ; 1839–1843 ; 1861–1863 ) .
Born in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Pickersgill graduated from Kelvin High School in that city .	Holding an English degree from the University of Manitoba and a Master 's degree in classics from the University of Toronto , Pickersgill set out to cycle across Europe in 1934 , then returned to Europe in 1938 to work as a freelance journalist for several Canadian newspapers .
The `` Tomorrow 's World '' title was revived in 2017 as an umbrella brand for BBC science programming .	`` Tomorrow 's World '' was created by Glyn Jones to fill a half-hour slot in the 1965 BBC summer schedule .
It broke away from the existing Ethnological Society of London , founded in 1843 , and defined itself in opposition to the older society .	The Anthropological Society , Hunt proclaimed , would concern itself with the collection of facts and the identification of natural laws that explained the diversity of humankind .
Though leaderless when it first began , it was the first major threat to Soviet control since the USSR 's forces drove Nazi Germany from its territory at the end of World War II .	The revolt began as a student protest , which attracted thousands as they marched through central Budapest to the Parliament building , calling out on the streets using a van with loudspeakers .
The population of Valencia and the nearby metropolitan area reached 1,827,165 in 2010 , and it is expected to grow dramatically in the years to come .	It is also the largest city in the Valencia-Maracay metropolitan region , which with a population of about 4.5 million is the country 's second largest after that of Caracas .
He is best known for founding and handling Stampede Wrestling , a professional wrestling promotion based in Calgary , Alberta , teaching many individuals at its associated wrestling school `` The Dungeon '' and establishing a professional wrestling dynasty consisting of his relatives and close trainees .	As the patriarch of the Hart wrestling family , Hart is the ancestor of many wrestlers , most notably being the father of Bret and Owen Hart as well as the grandfather of Natalya Neidhart and David Hart Smith .
Carabobo State ( , ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela , located in the north of the country , about two hours by car from Caracas .	The capital city of this state is Valencia , which is also the country 's main industrial center .
Even though the airline ceased operations more than a decade ago , around Venezuela 's airports , Avensa relics can be seen everywhere : old check-in signs , rusted luggage carts , derelict airplane stairways , the name still visible through cracked blue paint around Venezuela 's airports .	Although Avensa was reported to be in the process of economical restructuring , as of 2017 , the airline has not been able to return to the skies .
Years of picking up the handset can end up coiling parts of the cord in the opposite counterclockwise direction , and when this happens there will be a distinctive larger loop that separates the two directions of coiling .	This odd looking transition loop , which is neither clockwise or counterclockwise , is an excellent example of a topological soliton .
It may be the oldest surviving manuscript produced in Scotland ( although see `` Book of Kells '' ) , and is notable for having possibly originated in what is now considered a Lowland area .	The manuscript belongs to the category of Irish pocket gospel books , which were produced for private use rather than for church services .
It had belonged to Walter Reidpath whose grandson John Arres inherited it and left it to his daughter Mariota Arres in 1556 .	Her husband James Mossman , Goldsmith , refashioned the crown of Scotland for James V. He remained loyal to Mary , Queen of Scots when she was exiled in England .
He retired with a record of 95 wins , 15 losses and 1 draw .	He was born in Lawrenceville , Georgia , but is commonly thought of as a Cincinnatian .
Anthony Newley ( 24 September 1931 – 14 April 1999 ) was an English actor , singer and songwriter .	Newley achieved success as a performer in such diverse fields as rock and roll and stage and screen acting .
The name and family of the mother of Hippias are unknown .	He succeeded Peisistratus as tyrant of Athens in 528/7 BC .
Hipparchus was said by some Greek authors to have been the tyrant of Athens , along with his brother Hippias , after Peisistratos died , in about 528/7 BC .	The word `` tyrant '' literally means `` one who takes power by force '' , as opposed to a ruler who inherited a monarchy or was chosen in some way .
It was also the last album with drummer Bryan Mantia .	The album features several well-known guest musicians and producers , including Tom Waits , James Hetfield ( of Metallica ) , Jim Martin ( former member of Faith No More ) , Fred Durst ( of Limp Bizkit ) and Tom Morello ( of Rage Against the Machine ) .
Milorad Pavić ( , ; 15 October 1929 – 30 November 2009 ) was a Serbian novelist , poet , short story writer , and literary historian .	Born in Belgrade in 1929 , he published many poems , short stories and novels during his lifetime , the most famous of which was the `` Dictionary of the Khazars '' ( 1984 ) .
The primary role of 1st Commando Regiment is to provide a scalable and deployable mission command headquarters to Special Operations Command ( SOCOMD ) .	In addition , the Regiment is manned , trained and equipped to provide commando force elements up to a company size , as well as providing high quality , competent individual commandos to round out , reinforce and rotate with other SOCOMD capabilities .
An anti-personnel weapon is a weapon primarily used to maim or kill infantry and other personnel not behind armor , as opposed to attacking structures or vehicles , or hunting game .	The development of defensive fortification and combat vehicles gave rise to weapons designed specifically to attack them , and thus a need to distinguish between those systems and ones intended to attack people .
The Clearance Diving Branch is the specialist diving unit of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) whose versatile role covers all spheres of military diving , and includes explosive ordnance disposal and maritime counter-terrorism .	The Branch has evolved from traditional maritime diving , and explosive ordnance disposal , to include a special operations focus .
The Airfield Defence Guard ( ADG ) mustering of the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) performs specialist ground defence tasks to protect air power assets from hostile ground action .	The mustering is composed of non-commissioned members , commonly called 'ADGies , ' most of whom are employed within a Security Forces ( SECFOR ) Squadron ( SQN ) .
The original version , PICT 1 , was designed to be as compact as possible while describing vector graphics .	To this end , it featured single byte opcodes , many of which embodied operations such as `` do the previous operation again '' .
The best known and most severe among them was fought on October 18 , 1561 , and was only fought in the heart of the Kawanakajima plain , thus being `` the '' `` battle of Kawanakajima '' .	The battles were fought after Shingen conquered Shinano , expelling Ogasawara Nagatoki and Murakami Yoshikiyo , who subsequently turned to Kenshin for help .
Regarded as one of the greatest NBA coaches of all time , Riley has served as the head coach of five championship teams .	He won four with the Los Angeles Lakers during their Showtime era in the 1980s , and one with the Heat in 2006 .
Laryngoscopy ( ) is endoscopy of the larynx , a part of the throat .	It is a medical procedure that is used to obtain a view , for example , of the vocal folds and the glottis .
Its lead single , `` Me and My Arrow '' , peaked at number 34 on the `` Billboard '' Hot 100 .	`` The Point ! ''
The genus name is from Ancient Greek `` kalidris '' or `` skalidris '' , a term used by Aristotle for some grey-coloured waterside birds .	The specific `` ferruginea '' is from Latin `` ferrugo , ferruginis '' , `` iron rust '' referring to its colour in breeding plumage .
These metalanguages have their own metasyntax each composed of terminal symbols , nonterminal symbols , and `` metasymbols '' .	A terminal symbol , such as a word or a token , is a stand-alone structure in a language being defined .
Some research suggests that it should rather go into the genus `` Philomachus '' .	Broad-billed sandpipers are small waders , slightly smaller than the dunlin , but with a longer straighter bill , and shorter legs .
He studied at the Waseda University in Tokyo , joining the rugby union club .	He developed a passion for the sport but was never a high-level player ; he once compared rugby to his relationship with other parties in the ruling coalition by stating : `` In rugby , one person does n't become a star , one person plays for all , and all play for one . ''
According to the Italian linguist Matteo Bartoli , the Ladin area used to extend – until the year 1000 AD – from southern Istria to Friuli and eastern Switzerland .	Its classification remained mostly unclear , in 2017 it was classified by the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History with the Dalmatian language in the Dalmatian Romance subgroup , yet due to the specificities of the language , which has always had a very limited number of speakers .
It is commonly regarded as the southernmost city in the world .	Ushuaia is located in a wide bay on the southern coast of Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego , bounded on the north by the Martial mountain range , and on the south by the Beagle Channel .
Steck was born in Ottumwa , Iowa , in Wapello County .	He attended Ottumwa schools .
The genus name `` Phylloscopus '' is from Ancient Greek `` phullon '' , `` leaf '' , and `` skopos '' , `` seeker '' ( from `` skopeo '' , `` to watch '' ) .	The specific `` fuscata '' is from Latin `` fuscus '' `` dark '' .
The genus name `` Phylloscopus '' is from Ancient Greek `` phullon '' , `` leaf '' , and `` skopos '' , `` seeker '' ( from `` skopeo '' , `` to watch '' ) .	The specific `` schwarzi '' commemorates German astronomer Ludwig Schwarz ( 1822–1894 ) .
His original name was Nagao Kagetora ( 長尾景虎 ) .	He changed his name to Uesugi Masatora ( 上杉政虎 ) when he inherited the Uesugi clan name in order to accept the official title of `` Kantō Kanrei '' ( 関東管領 ) .
This small international airport was opened in 1995 , replacing an older one .	The airport has been used by various distinct airlines at different periods .
His father 's name and origin are unknown , as the written sources contradict one another , and may have been altered to glorify the genealogy of then-living clans .	After reaching adulthood , Abe was a governor of Koshi Province .
After returning to Japan , in 1899 , Abe became a Unitarian preacher .	He taught at the Waseda University starting in 1901 , called Tokyo Semmon Gakko , at the time .
It is known for its clear stream and forms part of the main water supply for Shizuoka city .	There are many hot springs at the river head , which is also known for its numerous landslides and for the Abe Great Falls , one of Japan 's Top 100 Waterfalls .
The Abukuma River flows north through Fukushima Prefecture 's Nakadōri region , past the cities of Shirakawa , Sukagawa , Kōriyama , Nihonmatsu and Fukushima .	The portion of the river flowing between Nihonmatsu and Fukushima forms a deep ravine called Hōrai-kyō ( ) .
The last of these 1960 films explored Oshima 's disillusionment with the traditional political left , and his frustrations with the right , and Shochiku withdrew the film from circulation after less than a week , claiming that , following the recent assassination of the Socialist Party leader Inejiro Asanuma by the ultranationalist Otoya Yamaguchi , there was a risk of `` unrest '' .	Oshima left the studio in response , and launched his own independent production company .
Ma Su ( 190–228 ) , courtesy name Youchang , was a military general and strategist of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period of China .	He was a younger brother of Ma Liang .
After he had completed secondary school in Warsaw ( 1904 ) , he started studying chemistry in Germany , at first at the University in Leipzig , and then in Heidelberg and Zurich .	In 1909 he was awarded a PhD degree for his research into the stereoselective synthesis of chiral compounds .
The Northern Fujiwara ( 奥州藤原氏 `` Ōshū Fujiwara-shi '' ) were a Japanese noble family that ruled the Tōhoku region ( the northeast of Honshū ) of Japan during the 12th century as their own realm .	They succeeded the semi-independent Emishi families of the 11th century who were gradually brought down by the Minamoto clan loyal to the Imperial throne based in Kyoto .
Their goal in taking the oath was to protect the Han Empire from the Yellow Turban rebels .	The oath bound the three men , who would later play important roles in the establishment of the state of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period .
The Adachi clan ( 安達氏 ) is a family of samurai who are said to have been descended from Fujiwara no Yamakage .	Their historical significance derives from their successes during the Genpei War and their subsequent affiliation with the Hōjō clan .
He took part in capturing Iwatsuki Castle and Oshi Castle at Musashi Province in the siege of Odawara , and was given 20,000 `` koku '' .	After that , based in Imajo , Echizen Province , he supported Kobayakawa Hideaki and Horio Yoshiharu .
A sibling is one of two or more individuals having one or both parents in common .	A full sibling is a first-degree relative .
The distinction is rarely made in more recent writings .	Algebraic structures are defined primarily as sets with `` operations '' .
In herbal medicine , alcoholic tinctures are made with various ethanol concentrations , 20 % being the most common .	Other solvents for producing tinctures include vinegar , glycerol ( also called glycerine ) , diethyl ether and propylene glycol , not all of which can be used for internal consumption .
It was named after the river , which got its name from a Slavic word , `` kopanе , '' which refers to digging .	Mining activity in the area dates back to the Roman age .
In the mid 20th century the square hosted the headquarters of both the main parties of British politics , and it is now home to the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs , the Local Government Association and the London base of the European Parliament and European Commission .	The square was named after the Smith family , on whose land it was developed in the early eighteenth century .
The colors denote the monarchs from the :	—— The solid lines denotes the legitimate descents
In the present day , family representatives are the King of Spain and the Grand Duke of Luxembourg .	Several others are pretenders to the thrones of France , Two Sicilies , and Brazil .
The Távora affair was a political scandal of the 18th century Portuguese court .	The events triggered by the attempted assassination of King Joseph I of Portugal in 1758 ended with the public execution of the entire Távora family and its closest relatives in 1759 .
Camperdown is located 4 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district and is part of the Inner West region .	Camperdown lies across the local government areas of the City of Sydney and Inner West Council .
The legion was , along with two others , destroyed in the Battle of Teutoburg Forest ( September 9 , 9 AD ) .	The legion 's symbol and `` cognomen '' are unknown .
It is named after Mount Hood and has served travelers going in both directions since the days of Native Americans and Oregon Trail migrants .	The area between Alder Creek and Government Camp is sometimes known as Hoodland .
The chartered Cities in Uppland and their history .	Stockholm , which is the capital of Sweden , was founded approximately 1250 .
Rhododendron is an unincorporated community in Clackamas County , Oregon , United States .	It is located within the Mount Hood Corridor , between Government Camp and Zigzag on U.S. Route 26 ( a.k.a .
The city of Uppsala is one of the oldest in Sweden .	It has played a dominant role in the political , intellectual and historical development of the country .
It is located within the Mount Hood Corridor , between Rhododendron and Welches on U.S. Route 26 .	The community is part of a local type of government called a village as one of the communities making up the Villages at Mount Hood , which stretches from the border of Sandy to Government Camp .
Welches is an unincorporated community in Clackamas County , Oregon , United States .	It is located within the Mount Hood Corridor between Zigzag and Wemme along U.S. Route 26 .
It is located within the Mount Hood Corridor , between Welches and Brightwood along U.S. Route 26 .	It is one of the communities that make up the Villages at Mount Hood .
A post office called `` Salmon '' was established in the area in 1891 , named after the nearby Salmon River .	The post office was renamed Brightwood in 1910 .
Having seen a manuscript , both men readily agreed to be identified with the characters and opinions that Adams had attributed to them , as is shown in Adams ' preface to the book .	This book tells of the escape of two dogs , Rowf and Snitter , from a government research station in the Lake District in England , where they had been horribly mistreated .
It is located in the Palace of the Parliament ( `` '' , Madrid ) .	It has 350 members elected by constituencies ( matching fifty Spanish provinces and two autonomous cities ) by proportional representation using the D'Hondt method .
The Senate ( ) is the upper house of Spain 's parliament , the .	It is made up of 265 members : 208 elected by popular vote , and 57 appointed by the regional legislatures .
It is commonly considered a flagship species within its range , with the efforts going into its conservation having positive effects on many other species that share its habitat .	Recent genetic research suggests it is closely related to the wattlebirds .
It has various meanings , depending on the cultural context and how it is presented .	When displayed with the palm inward toward the signer , it has long been an offensive gesture in some Commonwealth nations .
Neighboring districts are ( from the north clockwise ) the districts Weimarer Land , Saale-Holzland , Saale-Orla , the district Kronach in Bavaria , and the districts Sonneberg , Hildburghausen and Ilm-Kreis .	The district dates back to the `` Landratsamt '' Saalfeld , which was created in 1868 , and in 1922 it was converted into the `` Landkreis '' .
In the theory of ordinary differential equations ( ODEs ) , Lyapunov functions are scalar functions that may be used to prove the stability of an equilibrium of an ODE .	Named after the Russian mathematician Aleksandr Mikhailovich Lyapunov , Lyapunov functions ( also called the Lyapunov ’ s second method for stability ) are important to stability theory of dynamical systems and control theory .
Yoshimoto graduated from Nihon University 's Art College with a major in literature .	While there , she adopted the pseudonym `` Banana '' , after her love of banana flowers , a name she recognizes as both `` cute '' and `` purposefully androgynous . ''
The whole of the River Teme was designated as an SSSI , by English Nature , in 1996 .	The river is crossed by a number of historic bridges including one at Tenbury Wells that was rebuilt by Thomas Telford following flood damage in 1795 .
He was previously Governor of South Australia ( 1928 to 1934 ) and Governor of New South Wales ( 1935 to 1936 ) .	Gowrie was born in Windsor , Berkshire , England , into a minor aristocratic family .
The most common asset classifications are generally described using terms like `` Equities ( Stocks ) , '' `` Debt ( Bonds ) , '' `` Derivatives ( Contracts ) , '' `` Currencies , '' and a few other generalized terms .	ISO 10962 provides a global standard for these classifications in the form of specific codes .
Since it is polyphagous ( feeds on many different plants ) during the larval stage , the species has been given many different common names , including the cotton bollworm and the tomato fruitworm .	It also consumes a wide variety of other crops .
The squad was originally formed on an experimental basis by Detective Chief Inspector Wensley .	In October 1919 , Wensley summoned 12 detectives to Scotland Yard to form the squad .
Enters into a summer diapause when irrigated crops are not present and the soil and air temperatures are high .	When the end of the dry season comes , the rain cools the soil and pupae come out of diapause . ''
Other lines of evidence indicate that GGT can also exert a pro-oxidant role , with regulatory effects at various levels in cellular signal transduction and cellular pathophysiology .	This transferase is found in many tissues , the most notable one being the liver , and has significance in medicine as a diagnostic marker .
His wife Gertrude Thanhouser and brother-in-law Lloyd Lonergan were co-founders .	Thanhouser was born in Baltimore , Maryland .
While Filipino ( Tagalog ) has the most number of speakers of Philippine languages , Cebuano had the largest native language-speaking population in the Philippines until about the 1980s .	It is by far the most widely spoken of the Visayan languages , which are in turn part of the wider Philippine languages .
It produced television programmes from its own studios since 1932 , although the start of its regular service of television broadcasts is dated to 2 November 1936 .	The BBC 's domestic television channels have no commercial advertising and collectively they account for more than 30 % of all UK viewing .
The Battle of Sarhū ( 薩爾滸之戰 , 萨尔浒之战 `` Sà'ěrhǔ zhī zhàn '' ) refers to a series of battles between the Later Jin dynasty ( later known as the Qing dynasty ) and the Ming dynasty and their Joseon allies in the winter of 1619 .	The battle is notable for the heavy use of cavalry by the Later Jin in defeating Ming and Joseon forces equipped with hand cannons , cannons , and matchlocks .
The tragedy is based on the myth of Prometheus , a Titan who defies the gods and gives fire to mankind , acts for which he is subjected to perpetual punishment .	`` Prometheus Bound '' was the first work in a trilogy that also included the plays `` Prometheus Lyomenos '' ( `` Prometheus Unbound '' ) and `` Prometheus Pyrphoros '' ( `` Prometheus the Fire-Bearer '' ) , neither of which has survived .
He married Lady of the Dí , but later dismissed her .	In 635 he was driven from the capital by his brother Dai and was restored by Duke Wen of Jin .
Irene Wells Pennington ( December 1898 – July 17 , 2003 ) was the widow of Claude B .	`` Doc '' Pennington , a wealthy oilman from Louisiana .
Gyeongsang ( , `` Gyeongsang-do '' ; ) was one of the eight provinces of Korea during the Joseon dynasty .	Gyeongsang was located in the southeast of Korea .
A `` regular decagon '' has all sides of equal length and each internal angle will always be equal to 144° .	Its Schläfli symbol is { 10 } and can also be constructed as a truncated pentagon , t { 5 } , a quasiregular decagon alternating two types of edges .
Chungcheong was located in the southwest of Korea .	The provincial capital was located at Gongju , which had been the capital of the kingdom of Baekje from 475 to 538 .
The Tathāgatagarbha sūtras include the `` Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra '' , `` Śrīmālādevī Siṃhanāda Sūtra '' , `` Mahāyāna Mahāparinirvāṇa Sūtra '' and the `` Aṅgulimālīya Sūtra '' .	Related ideas are in found in the `` Laṅkāvatāra Sūtra '' and `` Avataṃsaka Sūtra '' .
He emigrated to New York City in the United States in 1904 where he was employed as a writer and financial editor at the `` Journal of Commerce '' before joining the Hearst chain of newspapers as a syndicated columnist in 1911 .	He left Hearst after two years to become the business and financial editor at the `` New York American '' where he remained until 1916 .
He graduated from the Lawrenceville School in 1937 and Princeton University .	Forbes enlisted in the Army in 1942 and served as a machine gunner in the 84th Infantry Division in Europe , rising to the rank of staff sergeant .
The Sequence was an American female hip–hop trio from Columbia , South Carolina , who formed in 1979 .	The Sequence is noted as the first female hip hop trio signed to the Sugar Hill label in the late–1970s and early–1980s .
The site became a state park in 1972 after the Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism purchased the site from the Arkansas Diamond Company and Ozark Diamond Mines Corporation , who had operated the site as a tourist attraction previously .	In August 1906 , John Huddleston found two strange crystals on the surface of his farm near Murfreesboro , Arkansas , and soon became known as the first person outside South Africa to find diamonds at their original source .
Scheherazade ( `` '' , derived from Middle Persian `` Čehrāzād '' ) is a major female character and the storyteller in the Middle Eastern literature `` One Thousand and One Nights '' .	According to modern scholarship , the name Scheherazade derives from the Middle Persian name `` Čehrāzād '' , which is composed of the words `` čehr '' ( lineage ) and `` āzād '' ( noble , exalted ) .
The Souls of Mischief formed in 1991 and is composed of rappers A-Plus , Opio , Phesto , and Tajai .	Oakland native Tajai began rhyming with future bandmate A-Plus at age 8 , while both were in elementary school .
Malcolm Stevenson `` Steve '' Forbes Jr. ( ; born July 18 , 1947 ) is an American publishing executive , who was twice a candidate for the nomination of the Republican Party for President of the United States .	Forbes is the Editor-in-Chief of `` Forbes '' , a business magazine .
`` Big Apple Rappin '' ' , perhaps Spyder 's most famous album from the post-disco era , was released on his own Newtroit Records in 1980 , making him the first rapper to make an independent release .	Another notable release was `` I Ca n't Wait ( To Rock The Mike ) '' , released in 1986 as single , a version of the Nu Shooz hit `` I Ca n't Wait '' .
Unlike many Pink Floyd albums , `` A Momentary Lapse of Reason '' is not a concept album and is instead a collection of songs written by guitarist David Gilmour , sometimes with outside songwriters .	It followed Gilmour 's decision to include material recorded for his third solo album on a new Pink Floyd album with drummer Nick Mason and keyboardist Richard Wright .
The group 's popularity grew as it played block parties in Brooklyn .	By 1979 , the primary group 's members were Cenac , Yvette `` Lady E '' Cook ( who would later marry Cozmo D ) , Monique Angevin , and Bob `` Chilly B '' Crafton ( who would later marry Angevin ) .
Alcor advocates for , researches , and performs cryonics , the preservation of human corpses in liquid nitrogen after legal death , with hopes of restoring them to full health when hypothetical new technology is developed in the future .	, Alcor had more than 1,618 members , including 354 associate members and 149 in cryopreservation , as whole bodies or brains .
The major roles in the movie were following :	Smaller roles ( some only a few seconds ) were played by Michael Ansara , Ina Balin , Carroll Baker , Robert Blake , Pat Boone , Victor Buono , John Considine , Richard Conte , John Crawford , Jamie Farr , David Hedison , Van Heflin , Russell Johnson , Angela Lansbury , Mark Lenard , Robert Loggia , John Lupton , Janet Margolin , Sal Mineo , Nehemiah Persoff , Sidney Poitier , Gary Raymond , Marian Seldes , David Sheiner , Abraham Sofaer , Paul Stewart , John Wayne , Shelley Winters , Cyril Delevanti , Michael Tolan , Richard Bakalyan , and Marc Cavell .
Israel Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole ( , translation : `` The Fearless Eyed Man '' ) ( May 20 , 1959 – June 26 , 1997 ) , also called Braddah Iz or IZ , was a Native Hawaiian singer-songwriter , musician , and Hawaiian sovereignty activist .	His voice became famous outside Hawaii when his album `` Facing Future '' was released in 1993 .
Edward Daniel Howard ( November 5 , 1877 – January 2 , 1983 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .	He served as Archbishop of Portland from 1926 to 1966 .
The California Republic ( ) was an unrecognized breakaway state that for 25 days in 1846 militarily controlled an area north of San Francisco , in and around what is now Sonoma County in California .	In June 1846 , thirty-three American immigrants in Alta California who had entered without official permission rebelled against the Mexican department 's government .
Compassion is often regarded as having sensitivity , an emotional aspect to suffering , though when based on cerebral notions such as fairness , justice , and interdependence , it may be considered rational in nature and its application understood as an activity also based on sound judgment .	Compassion is a feeling you get if you are a true human ; the desire to help or , at the very least , see what you can do .
Weybridge is a town by the River Wey in the Elmbridge district of Surrey .	It is bounded to the north by the River Thames at the mouth of the Wey , from which it gets its name .
To the west of the railway line , much of the original heathland is now occupied by Heathside School and Brooklands College .	During the 1970s and 1980s the heathland fell into a poor state of repair because the surrounding brush was ill-maintained and coppicing , which is essential for the maintenance of small heaths , had ceased .
It is the second and only surviving part of a now otherwise lost trilogy that won the first prize at the dramatic competitions in Athens ' City Dionysia festival in 472 BCE , with Pericles serving as `` choregos '' .	The first play in the trilogy , called `` Phineus '' , presumably dealt with Jason and the Argonauts ' rescue of King Phineus from the torture that the monstrous harpies inflicted at the behest of Zeus .
Conservation measures are underway to ensure the sustainability of existing small populations .	One of the most famous aspects of these creatures is the mating ritual called booming .
Yuka Tsujiyoko ( 辻横 由佳 `` Tsujiyoko Yuka '' ) is a Japanese video game music composer .	She is best known for her contributions to the `` Fire Emblem '' and `` Paper Mario '' series , and several other Intelligent Systems developed games .
Mary Joe Matalin ( born August 19 , 1953 ) is an American political consultant well known for her work with the Republican Party .	She has served under President Ronald Reagan , was campaign director for George H. W. Bush , was an assistant to President George W. Bush , and counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney until 2003 .
The specific `` alpestris '' is Latin and means `` of the high mountains '' , from `` Alpes '' , the Alps .	The horned lark was originally classified in the genus `` Alauda '' .
He does not use a stage name like most rappers , instead using his birth name on stage .	Obie Trice III was born and raised on the west side of Detroit , Michigan by his mother , along with three brothers .
The first Fabergé egg was crafted for Tsar Alexander III , who had decided to give his wife , the Empress Maria Feodorovna , an Easter egg in 1885 , possibly to celebrate the 20th anniversary of their betrothal .	Although there is no official record of the Tsar 's inspiration for it , many believe that he was moved by an egg owned by the Empress 's aunt , Princess Vilhelmine Marie of Denmark , which had captivated Maria 's imagination in her childhood and of which the Tsar was well aware .
The procedure was also used several decades ago as a correctional procedure for patients born with bladder exstrophy .	In the case of some bladder exstrophy patients , occasional bowel incontinence ( in this case , a mixture of urine and feces similar to diarrhea ) at night is one uncontrollable consequence .
Angel Airlines was a private airline with its base at Băneasa Airport ( the capital 's second airport ) , Bucharest , Romania .	It operated domestically , to main cities in Romania .
If this is contraindicated for some reason , a retrograde pyelogram , with the contrast flowing upstream , can be done instead .	IVP was previously the test of choice for diagnosing ureteral obstruction secondary to urolithiasis but in the late 1990s non-contrast computerized tomography of the abdomen and pelvis replaced it because of its increased specificity regarding etiologies of obstruction .
Many products are being transformed into services .	For example , IBM treats its business as a service business .
The body cilia are typically uniform , and are supported by dikinetids of characteristic structure , with cilia on both kinetosomes .	The mouth may be apical or ventral , with more or less prominent associated polykinetids .
The resulting Pilsner beers—pale-colored , lean and stable beers— gradually spread around the globe to become the most common form of beer consumed in the world today .	Bavarian brewers in the sixteenth century were required by law to brew beer only during the cooler months of the year .
Gideon Algernon Mantell MRCS FRS ( 3 February 1790 – 10 November 1852 ) was an English obstetrician , geologist and palaeontologist .	His attempts to reconstruct the structure and life of `` Iguanodon '' began the scientific study of dinosaurs : in 1822 he was responsible for the discovery ( and the eventual identification ) of the first fossil teeth , and later much of the skeleton , of `` Iguanodon '' .
The multiple fused cilia which form a cirrus function together as a unit , enabling the organism to crawl along solid substrates such as submerged debris or sediments .	Hypotrichs typically possess a large oral aperture , bordered on one side by a wreath or collar of membranelles ( small membranous structures made up of fused cilia ) , forming an `` adoral zone of membranelles , '' or AZM .
The stichotrichs are a group of ciliates , included among the spirotrichs .	Like the hypotrichs , with which they were originally classified , they have body cilia fused into cirri , but these are mostly arranged into rows , running along the ventral surface or edges of the cell .
The group includes the tintinnids , which produce species-specific loricae ( shells ) , and are important because these may be preserved as microfossils .	The cyst forms have been suggested to be affiliated to Chitinozoans , although other studies suggest Chitinozoans to have affinities to larger marine animals , and not tintinnids .
In her teens , she moved to New York City with her mother and she studied modern dance for several years .	From 1962 to 1973 , she was a professional dancer .
He is widely regarded as the national poet of Albania .	He authored 22 works .
Where it is not customary or convenient to represent input and output energy in the same units , efficiency-like quantities have units associated with them .	For example , the heat rate of a fossil-fuel power plant may be expressed in BTU per kilowatt-hour .
H antagonists , sometimes referred to as H2RA and also called H blockers , are a class of medications that block the action of histamine at the histamine H receptors of the parietal cells in the stomach .	This decreases the production of stomach acid .
Inspired by the free software movement , Loca Records allows similar freedoms as the GNU General Public License on their releases , including copying , re-release , modification , and sampling , with the requirement that the new work uses the same license .	The roster of artists releasing work on LOCA Records includes the following ;
Raymond Bingham , known by the stage name Grooverider ( born 16 April 1967 in Streatham , London , England ) is a British drum and bass DJ .	Grooverider began his DJing at illegal raves and warehouse parties in the UK in the late 1980s , and rose to prominence with partner Fabio through his sets at nightclub nights such as 'Rage ' .
The book caused a scandal and became known as the first `` adult '' ( pornographic ) comic-book , though its eroticism was slight and the American erotic comic-books known as `` Tijuana bibles '' had long predated it .	For her creator , the character embodied the modern , emancipated woman in the era of sexual liberation , and as a result , this literary work has come to be associated with the mid-twentieth-century sexual revolution .
The FMLN was formed as an umbrella group on October 10 , 1980 , from five leftist guerrilla organizations :	The FMLN was one of the main participants in the Salvadoran Civil War .
He is also the former first base coach for the Houston Astros .	During his 19-year baseball career , he played from 1970 to 1988 for three teams , playing primarily for the Astros .
One of two parts of the larger Bucharest public transport network , Metrorex has an average of approximately 500,000 passenger trips per weekday , compared to the 2,650,000 daily riders on Bucharest 's RATB transit system .	In total , the Metrorex system is long and has 47 stations .
The spruce grouse or Canada grouse ( `` Falcipennis canadensis '' ) is a medium-sized grouse closely associated with the coniferous boreal forests or taiga of North America .	It is one of the most arboreal grouse , fairly well adapted to perching and moving about in trees .
A theoretical line in the middle of the strait goes through the island .	The island has likely been part of Inuit hunting grounds since the 14th century .
After the Janata Party split in 1980 , it was re-formed as the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) in 1980 , which is currently India 's largest political party by primary membership and representation in Lok Sabha .	After 1949 , the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh members began to contemplate the formation of a political party to continue their work and take their ideology further .
In 2003 he was working on a book with Dennett about the U.S. in the Middle East .	In 2003 he received the National Press Club 's `` Arthur Rouse Award for Press Criticism '' for the book `` Into the Buzzsaw : Leading Journalists Expose the Myth of a Free Press '' ( Prometheus Books , 2002 ) that was edited by the co-award winner Kristina Borjesson .
Stations in bold are transfer stations .	Line 4 is the newest line , constructed in 2000 .
The ruffed grouse is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a `` partridge '' , an unrelated phasianid , and occasionally confused with the grey partridge , a bird of open areas rather than woodlands .	The ruffed grouse is the state bird of Pennsylvania , United States .
VRTX is suitable for both traditional board-based embedded systems and SoC architectures .	It has been superseded by the Nucleus RTOS .
Amina 's conviction sparked an international controversy .	It was overturned by a Sharia Court of Appeals which ruled that it violated Islamic law , and she later remarried .
The group runs about 2,500 akhadas , similar to the shakhas ( branches ) of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh .	The name `` Bajrang '' is a reference to the Hindu deity Hanuman .
He belonged to the third group of NASA astronauts , selected in October 1963 .	As an astronaut , Scott became the seventh person to walk on the Moon .
Brăila ( ; ; Turkish : İbrail ) is a city in Muntenia , eastern Romania , a port on the Danube and the capital of Brăila County .	The `` Sud-Est '' Regional Development Agency is located in Brăila .
Other actors include Rubén Blades , Kathy Baker and Duvall 's Argentine wife , Luciana Pedraza .	Francis Ford Coppola was one of the executive producers .
Before his name was securely deciphered from extant Maya inscriptions , this ruler had been known by an assortment of nicknames and approximations , including Pakal or Pacal , Sun Shield , 8 Ahau , and ( familiarly ) as Pacal the Great .	The word `` pakal '' means `` shield '' in the Classic Maya language .
The area of the city is around 60 km .	It borders the Blejoi village in the north , Bărcănești and Brazi villages in the south , Târgșoru Vechi in the west and Bucov village in the east .
Reason is a single faculty , but is called differently according to the end that it assigns to its search for truth ; when its goal is the mere consideration ( contemplation ) of truth , it is called `` speculative reason '' ; when it considers truth in view of action ( praxis ) , it is called `` practical reason '' .	In both cases reason uses demonstration ( syllogism ) as its tool ; it proceeds from the understanding of previously known truths ( premises ) to the statement of a proposition ( conclusion ) whose truth follows necessarily from the premises .
It consists of a hollow saddle-like seat containing two powerful electric motors , motor speed controller boards , gearing , pullies and a platform on cranked axils such that a ridge on the top of the unit can be made to vibrate through a range of speeds as set using a wired external hand controller , and an upward pointing shaft set on an angle through the ridge can be made to rotate at speeds from zero rpm to several hundred rpm , again by use of the wired remote control .	Flexible moulded attachments are supplied which fit over the vibrating ridge and shaft which mostly have integrated dildos on their top .
His famous music videos , directed by British fashion photographer Terence Donovan , for the hits `` Addicted to Love '' , `` Simply Irresistible '' and `` I Did n't Mean to Turn You On '' featured women simulating playing instruments , almost identically dressed with pale faces , dark-eye makeup and bright-red lipstick .	Palmer 's involvement in the music industry began in the 1960s , covered four decades and included a spell with Vinegar Joe .
In public choice theory and in economics , rent-seeking involves seeking to increase one 's share of existing wealth without creating new wealth .	Rent-seeking results in reduced economic efficiency through poor allocation of resources , reduced actual wealth-creation , lost government revenue , increased income inequality , and ( potentially ) national decline .
RadioShack , formerly RadioShack Corporation , is the trade name of an American retailer founded in 1921 .	Since 2017 , General Wireless Operations , Inc. has leased the name from Kensington Capital Holdings and operates primarily as an e-commerce website , a network of approximately 425 independently owned authorized dealer stores , and as a supplier of parts for HobbyTown .
Sindhi ( , , , ਸਿੰਧੀ ) , is an Indo-Aryan language of the historical Sindh region in the northern part of the Indian subcontinent , spoken by the Sindhi people .	It is the official language of the Pakistani province of Sindh .
The collection connects the novels of the Xeelee Sequence and also shows the history of mankind in the Xeelee universe , and ultimately the universe .	While each short story in the collection is self-contained , the stories are presented as being contained in the context of the first story , `` Eve '' , about a man ( seemingly Jack Raoul from the portion of the timeline concerned with the silver ghosts ) who is forced to witness the events in the short stories by a god-like being .
Inhabitant Name : `` maillotin ( e ) '' .	Mailly-Champagne is a small village inserted in Champagne vineyard on the north of the Montagne de Reims , 8 km south of Reims , and on the north of Épernay .
`` Searchlight '' 's main focus is on the British National Party ( BNP ) , Combat 18 , the English Defence League ( EDL ) and other sections of the far right in the United Kingdom , as well as covering similar entities in other countries .	The magazine is published and edited by Gerry Gable .
The name Gabo ( 갑오 , 甲午 ) comes from the name of the year 1894 in the traditional sexagenary cycle .	The disarray and blatant corruption in the Korean government , particularly in the three main areas of revenues – land tax , military service and the state granary system – weighed heavily on the Korean peasantry which represented 90 % of the population and was uniformly illiterate .
Staves have been in use for thousands of years in East Asian martial arts like Silambam .	Some techniques involve slashing , swinging , and stabbing with the staff .
Choe was recognized by many for his talents as an official interpreter in the Korean Embassies in Beijing and in his works in hangul research .	However , he lived a tumultuous life due to this middle class status , which led him to be the target of many envious aristocrats of his era .
The Greco-Persian Wars ( also often called the Persian Wars ) were a series of conflicts between the Achaemenid Empire and Greek city-states that started in 499 BC and lasted until 449 BC .	The collision between the fractious political world of the Greeks and the enormous empire of the Persians began when Cyrus the Great conquered the Greek-inhabited region of Ionia in 547 BC .
This contrasted with perceived European ideals of the universal rights of man .	The concept was advocated by Mahathir Mohamad ( Prime Minister of Malaysia , 1981–2003 , 2018–present ) and by Lee Kuan Yew ( Prime Minister of Singapore , 1959–1990 ) , as well as other Asian leaders .
It is a concept which arose soon after the Buddha 's passing , with a number of earlier Buddhist groups accepting the existence of such an intermediate state , while other schools rejected it .	In Tibetan Buddhism , `` bardo '' is the central theme of the `` Bardo Thodol '' ( literally `` Liberation Through Hearing During the Intermediate State '' ) , the `` Tibetan Book of the Dead '' .
The language has an active–stative clause structure with an agent–object–verb or object–agent–verb word order , depending on whether the agent or object is the topic of discussion ( AOV appears to be the default ) .	Madí ( meaning simply `` people '' ) has three extant dialects , corresponding to three distinct tribal groups .
Infidelity ( synonyms include : cheating , adultery ( when married ) , being unfaithful , or having an affair ) is a violation of a couple 's assumed or stated contract regarding emotional and/or sexual exclusivity .	Other scholars define infidelity as a violation according to the subjective feeling that one 's partner has violated a set of rules or relationship norms ; this violation results in feelings of sexual jealousy and rivalry .
He was a brother of the novelist and diarist Fanny Burney and the explorer James Burney , and a half-brother of the novelist Sarah Burney .	Burney was educated at Charterhouse School , London , and then at Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge .
During her bedridden years , a number of well-known figures were inspired to visit her .	The poet Clemens Brentano interviewed her at length and wrote two books based on his notes of her visions .
Lindh died early the following day after unsuccessful surgical treatment to try to save her life .	Mijailo was born in Stockholm , Sweden , on 6 December 1978 to Serbian parents from the town of Mladenovac .
grand champion and the father of 11 children , one of whom is the actor and director Mel Gibson .	Gibson is an outspoken critic , both of the post-Vatican II Roman Catholic Church and of those Traditionalist Catholics , like the Society of Saint Pius X , who reject Sedevacantism .
He was one of the most influential of late sixteenth-century madrigal composers , particularly on Claudio Monteverdi , and his later music was formative on the development of music of the early Baroque era .	Little is known about his early life , except that he was from Flanders , from either the vicinity of Ghent or Weert , near Antwerp .
His foresighted work on arthropod systematics and taxonomy gained him respect and accolades , including being asked to write the volume on arthropods for George Cuvier 's monumental work , , the only part not by Cuvier himself .	Latreille was considered the foremost entomologist of his time , and was described by one of his pupils as `` the prince of entomologists '' .
The names of all eight provinces are still preserved today , in one form or another .	These eight historical provinces form both North and South Korea , and are not to be confused with the current eight provinces that make up South Korea .
Kirstie Louise Alley ( born January 12 , 1951 ) is an American actress and spokesmodel .	She first achieved recognition in 1982 , playing Saavik in the science fiction film `` '' .
The glaucous gull ( `` Larus hyperboreus '' ) is a large gull , the second largest gull in the world , which breeds in Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere and winters south to shores of the Holarctic .	The genus name is from Latin `` Larus '' , which appears to have referred to a gull or other large seabird .
The concept of natural law is related to the concept of natural rights .	Natural law first appeared in ancient Greek philosophy , and was referred to by Roman philosopher Cicero .
Monson 's early career was as a manager at the `` Deseret News '' , a Utah newspaper owned by the LDS Church .	He spent most of his life engaged in various church leadership positions and public service .
Not only was he a central representative of the generation of Franco-Flemish composers after Josquin des Prez who went to live and work in Italy , but he was one of the most prominent composers of madrigals in the middle of the 16th century .	His experimental , chromatic , and highly expressive style had a decisive influence on the subsequent development of that secular music form .
The seashore includes two historic villages on Core Banks , Shackleford 's wild horses , and the Cape Lookout Lighthouse , which has a black-and-white diamond pattern .	A visitors center for the seashore is located on Harkers Island .
Boucherville was a community with strong links to exploration and the fur trade .	His paternal great grandmother Marguerite de Noyon was the sister of Jacques de Noyon , who had explored the region around Kaministiquia , present day Thunder Bay , Ontario , in 1688 .
Although known for his military achievements , the Yongle Emperor was also an intellectual who enjoyed reading .	His love for research led him to develop the idea of categorizing literary works into a reference encyclopedia , in order to preserve rare books and simplify research .
Sir Samuel Walker Griffith , ( 21 June 1845 – 9 August 1920 ) was an Australian judge and politician who served as the inaugural Chief Justice of Australia , in office from 1903 to 1919 .	He also served a term as Chief Justice of Queensland and two terms as Premier of Queensland , and played a key role in the drafting of the Australian constitution .
He was sent to Paris as a child to be educated by the Jesuits in philosophy and the Classics as much as in theology .	He entered the priesthood nevertheless and through the influence of Cardinal Bonzi became almoner to Maria Theresa , queen of Louis XIV , and , after her death , to the king himself .
He also oversaw the reconstruction of the Nauvoo Illinois Temple and the building of the 21,000 seat Conference Center .	During his tenure , `` '' was issued and the Perpetual Education Fund was established .
77.32 km² .	In the year 2005 INEGI Census , the municipality reported a total population of 31,818 .
Frank Stagg , Ph.D. , ( 1911–2001 ) was a Southern Baptist theologian , seminary professor , author , and pastor over a 50-year ministry career .	He taught New Testament interpretation and Greek at New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary from 1945 until 1964 and at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville , Kentucky from 1964 until 1978 .
The island lies in the outer reaches of the harbor and was thus a strategic location in the American Civil War .	The island forms parts of the cities of Charleston and Folly Beach , in Charleston County .
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986 .	Nine Mile Prairie is now administered by the University of Nebraska–Lincoln .
The Sabaeans or Sabeans ( , ; ; Musnad : 𐩪𐩨𐩱 ) were an ancient people speaking an Old South Arabian language who lived in the southern Arabian Peninsula .	The kingdom of Saba ’ ( ) has been identified with the biblical land of Sheba .
It is reported to have taken around 12 weeks to enhance the existing code , and was `` very influenced '' by BBC BASIC , though adding additional functions to do things that would have required assembly language on the BBC .	It was published in two versions : 1.0 which only came with the CPC model 464 , and 1.1 which shipped with all other versions .
During the creation of MSX-BASIC , effort was made to make the system flexible and expandable .	MSX BASIC came bundled in the ROM of all MSX computers .
It is bounded on the south by Templeport Lough , on the north by Slieve Rushen mountain , on the east by the Shannon–Erne Waterway , and on the west by the River Blackwater .	Magh Slécht formed part of the Province of Connacht until the 16th century when it was made part of the Province of Ulster .
Lucy Cavendish College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge which admits only postgraduates and undergraduates aged 21 or over .	It only accepts female students and fellows , making the college one of only three women-only university colleges in England .
The show 's first season , The Joe Schmo Show , aired in 2003 , and its second season , Joe Schmo 2 , aired in 2004 .	The first season 's hoax was conducted as a typical reality competition show while the second hoax was a `` Bachelor '' -like dating series .
The Prime Minister of Croatia ( ) , officially the President of the Government of the Republic of Croatia ( ) , is Croatia 's head of government , and is `` de facto '' the most powerful and influential state officeholder in the Croatian system of government .	Following the first-time establishment of the office in 1945 , the 1990-2001 semi-presidential period is the only exception where the President of Croatia held `` de facto '' authority .
The name Spondon is Anglo-Saxon and describes a gravelly hill .	The village is mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 .
She was born in Singapore on 12 December 1945 , the daughter of former Straits Times Press chairman Tan Chye Cheng , and started taking music lessons at the age of six .	In 1961 the young Tan took first place in the Singapore-Malaysia annual piano competition , and won a scholarship to study at The Juilliard School at age 16 in the following year .
The inner part of the fortress involves 5 district area , where the existence of district was verified through rocks , roof titles , and wooden tablets etched with the name of administratine areas .	It is also assumed that the royal palace of Baekje had been located on this site .
The book begins with a brief history of the river as reported by Europeans and Americans , beginning with the Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto in 1542 .	It continues with anecdotes of Twain 's training as a steamboat pilot , as the 'cub ' ( apprentice ) of an experienced pilot , Horace E. Bixby .
Since its debut in 1867 as America 's first fashion magazine , the pages of `` Harper 's Bazaar '' have been home to talent , such as the founding editor , author and translator Mary Louise Booth , as well as :	Glenda Bailey is the editor-in-chief of U.S. edition of `` Harper 's Bazaar '' .
Apart from the sources directly dependent on Hippolytus ( Pseudo-Tertullian , Philastrius and Epiphanius ) , Origen and Clement of Alexandria also mention the group .	The group is mentioned by Irenaeus in `` Adversus Haereses '' ( 1:30 ) .
During The Stone Roses , he could be easily identified by the now-iconic bucket hat .	Following his departure from the band in 1995 , he fronted the Rub from 1998 to 2001 , who played several low-key shows but split without releasing any material .
He joined the Populist cause in the early 1890s and became the second Populist Party state governor in history .	He was noted for his political radicalism , his opposition to the conservative Bourbon Democracy of President Grover Cleveland , his support for labor unions , and his opposition to the Chinese in Oregon .
A parasitic disease , also known as parasitosis , is an infectious disease caused or transmitted by a parasite .	Many parasites do not cause diseases as it may eventually lead to death of both organism and host .
Autocrat , LLC ( now named now Finlay Extracts and Ingredients USA ( Finlays ) ) is a coffee and tea extracts manufacturing company based in Lincoln , Rhode Island , United States .	The company 's coffee syrups are often used to make coffee milk , which was made the official state drink of Rhode Island in 1993 .
The population is currently around 4000 , similar now to the estimated 4500 in the 16th century .	Maní 's four millennium existence historically involves mostly its early Maya period , followed in recent centuries by its Spanish conquistador and religious period .
A crossbencher is an independent or minor party member of some legislatures , such as the British House of Lords and the Senate of Canada .	They take their name from the crossbenches , between and perpendicular to the government and opposition benches , where crossbenchers sit in the chamber .
In number theory , the second Hardy–Littlewood conjecture concerns the number of primes in intervals .	The conjecture states that
Johnny Turbo is a superhero character created to advertise the Turbo Duo , a hybrid of the Turbografx-16 console and its add-on , the TurboGrafx CD , in North America .	The character was conceived by Turbo Technologies Inc. ( a venture of NEC and Hudson Soft ) as a mascot of the console .
`` See also '' : List of mayors of Austin , Texas ; : List of mayors of Dallas , Texas ; : List of mayors of El Paso , Texas ; : List of mayors of Fort Worth , Texas ; List of mayors of Houston , Texas ; : List of mayors of Plano , Texas ; : List of mayors of San Antonio , Texas .	`` Please consider adding notable Texas women to other categories on this page that specifically concern their areas of notability . ''
In this context , the term `` modulus '' is used synonymously with `` parameter '' ; moduli spaces were first understood as spaces of parameters rather than as spaces of objects .	Moduli spaces are spaces of solutions of geometric classification problems .
The channel launched on 31 October 1996 .	It is available to 98 % of homes in Ireland through digital terrestrial television Saorview and is available on Virgin Media Ireland , eVision , Magnet Networks and Sky Ireland .
He appears to have been degraded from the title three or four years after its creation .	The existence of his title altogether has been doubted .
There are many companies operating trains in the United Kingdom , including the 23 operators of franchised passenger services , officially referred to as train operating companies ( TOCs ) , as distinct from freight operating companies .	The following operate the National Rail network .
Holding teaching positions at the University of Bucharest , the University of Paris and several other academic institutions , Iorga was founder of the International Congress of Byzantine Studies and the Institute of South-East European Studies ( ISSEE ) .	His activity also included the transformation of Vălenii de Munte town into a cultural and academic center .
The FNV was founded in 1976 as a federation of two unions , the Catholic NKV and the social-democratic NVV .	The Protestant CNV originally also participated in the talks , but it refused to fully merge into a new union .
Jacques Delille ( ; 22 June 1738 – 1 May 1813 ) was a French poet , freemason and translator .	He was born at Aigueperse in Auvergne and died in Paris .
The album was certified Gold , Platinum and Double Platinum on 6 December 2001 in the US by the RIAA .	It was certified Triple Platinum in the US on 8 January 2002 , and Quadruple Platinum on 10 September 2007 .
He has had a long career in law enforcement and academia ; leading police departments in Atlanta , Houston and New York over the course of nearly four decades .	With practical experience and a doctorate from University of California , Berkeley , he has combined research and operations in his career .
He was born and lived his whole life at his family estate , Downing Hall near Whitford , Flintshire in Wales .	As a naturalist he had a great curiosity , observing the geography , geology , plants , animals , birds , reptiles , amphibians and fish around him and recording what he saw and heard about .
Floriana is named after Pietro Paolo Floriani , an Italian military engineer who designed the Floriana Lines , the line of fortifications surrounding the town .	In Maltese , the town is called `` Il-Floriana '' by the local council .
In any case , the author was an eyewitness of many of the events which he describes , and must have been living at Edessa during the years when it suffered so severely during the Roman–Persian Wars .	His view of events is everywhere characterized by his belief in overruling Providence ; and as he eulogizes Flavian II , the Chalcedonian patriarch of Antioch , in warmer terms than those in which he praises his great Monophysite contemporaries , Jacob of Serugh and Philoxenus of Mabbog , he was probably an orthodox Catholic .
Earl of Clarendon is a title that has been created twice in British history , in 1661 and 1776 .	The family seat is Holywell House , near Swanmore , Hampshire .
Clinton , a Democrat , took office following a decisive victory over Republican incumbent President George H. W. Bush and Independent businessman Ross Perot in the 1992 presidential election .	Four years later , in the 1996 election , he defeated Perot and Republican Bob Dole to win re-election .
Owned by the Public Media Group of Southern California , it is sister to Huntington Beach-licensed Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member station KOCE-TV ( channel 50 ) .	KCET 's studios are located at The Pointe ( on West Alameda Avenue and Bob Hope Drive , between The Burbank Studios and Walt Disney Studios complexes ) in Burbank , and its transmitter is located atop Mount Wilson in the San Gabriel Mountains ( north of Sierra Madre ) .
Where his predecessor Ephrem is known as the 'Harp of the Spirit ' , Jacob is the 'Flute of the Spirit ' .	He is best known for his prodigious corpus of more than seven-hundred verse homilies , or `` mêmrê '' ( ) , of which only 225 have thus far been edited and published .
Bilson was born in Los Angeles , California .	His family was and is successful in the entertainment world : his father , George Bilson , was an English-born producer/writer/director , and his older brother Bruce Bilson had a long and productive career as a film and television director ; other relations ( descendents of Bruce ) are Danny Bilson and Rachel Bilson .
Civil rights movements are a worldwide series of political movements for equality before the law , that peaked in the 1960s .	In many situations they have been characterized by nonviolent protests , or have taken the form of campaigns of civil resistance aimed at achieving change through nonviolent forms of resistance .
Reza believed these skills could contribute to the building of a free and open society by supporting sustainable development , promoting human rights , and strengthening national unity .	Since its inception , Aina has had a significant impact on civil society in Afghanistan .
It was the tenth manned American spaceflight ( including two X-15 flights at altitudes exceeding ) .	Astronauts James McDivitt and Ed White circled the Earth 66 times in four days , making it the first US flight to approach the five-day flight of the Soviet Vostok 5 .
The stake marking the founding of `` Terminus '' was driven into the ground in 1837 ( called the Zero Mile Post ) .	In 1839 , homes and a store were built there and the settlement grew .
His parents were from the Median city of Ecbatana .	The statements that he had been a slave and was never baptized appear to be malicious inventions of his theological opponents .
Historians depict him as an inept dictator who lacked clear ideas and political acumen , and who alienated his potential supporters such as the army .	He did not create a base of support among the voters , and depended instead on elite elements .
The NMRA has trademarked the term DCC , so while the term `` Digital Command Control '' is sometimes used to describe any digital model railway control system , strictly speaking it refers to NMRA DCC .	A DCC command station , in combination with its booster , modulates the voltage on the track to encode digital messages while providing electric power .
Sauropsida ( `` lizard faces '' ) are reptiles , including birds .	All Tetrapoda except Amphibia are Amniota , and all Amniota except Synapsida , including Mammalia , are Sauropsida .
After his tenure in the governor 's office , Waihee became a nationally prominent attorney and lobbyist .	Waihee was born in Honokaa on the Island of Hawaii .
She grew up in Recife , the capital of the northeastern state of Pernambuco , where her mother died when she was nine .	The family moved to Rio de Janeiro when she was in her teens .
Stephanie Zimbalist was born in New York City , the daughter of Loranda Stephanie ( née Spalding , 1933–2007 ) and actor Efrem Zimbalist Jr. ( 1918–2014 ) .	The family soon moved to Los Angeles , where Stephanie grew up .
Bar Hebraeus collected in his numerous and elaborate treatises the results of such research in theology , philosophy , science and history as was in his time possible in Syria .	Most of his works were written in Syriac .
This term could be used for Puerto Ricans living in other areas in the Northeast outside New York State .	The term is also used by Boricuas ( Puerto Ricans from Puerto Rico ) to differentiate those of Puerto Rican descent from the Puerto Rico-born .
He succeeded his father , the Yongle Emperor , in 1424 .	His era name `` Hongxi '' means `` vastly bright '' .
It was founded as the American Research Bureau by Jim Seiler in 1949 and became national by merging with Los Angeles-based Coffin , Cooper , and Clay in the early 1950s .	The company 's initial business was the collection of broadcast television ratings .
He used this acronym as his surname in all his published works , and became known by it in common usage .	Malbim was born in Volochysk , Volhynia to Yehiel Michel Wisser .
It is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges .	It had 6,379 enrolled students in the fall of 2015 , with 6,039 undergraduate and 340 postgraduate students , pursuing degrees in 50 undergraduate , and eight graduate programs .
After acquiring in his native town a thorough knowledge of Hebrew , rabbinic literature , mathematics , and philosophy , he went to Rome to study medicine .	There his learning won for him a prominent place among scholars ; and when Reuchlin was at Rome ( 1498-1500 ) and desired to perfect his knowledge of Hebrew literature , Cardinal Domenico Grimani advised him to apply to Obadiah .
Remington Steele is an American television series co-created by Robert Butler and Michael Gleason .	The series , starring Stephanie Zimbalist and Pierce Brosnan , was produced by MTM Enterprises and first broadcast on the NBC network from 1982 to 1987 .
She was a masted turret ship , designed and built by a private contractor against the wishes of the Controller 's department .	The `` Captain '' was completed in April 1870 and capsized in September 1870 with the loss of nearly 500 lives because of design and construction errors that led to inadequate stability .
Roberts studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City and started in films in 1961 .	She had several prominent roles in movies , including playing opposite Shirley Stoler in `` The Honeymoon Killers '' ( 1969 ) , Elliott Gould in `` Little Murders '' ( 1971 ) , Steven Keats in `` Hester Street '' ( 1975 ) , Billy Crystal in `` Rabbit Test '' ( 1978 ) , Robert Carradine in `` Number One with a Bullet '' ( 1987 ) , and Cady McClain in `` Simple Justice '' ( 1989 ) , among many others .
Their emissions are examined across all parts of the electromagnetic spectrum , and the properties examined include luminosity , density , temperature , and chemical composition .	Because astrophysics is a very broad subject , `` astrophysicists '' typically apply many disciplines of physics , including mechanics , electromagnetism , statistical mechanics , thermodynamics , quantum mechanics , relativity , nuclear and particle physics , and atomic and molecular physics .
Contrary to popular belief , it is only a minor secondary benefit if a flash suppressor reduces the intensity of the flash visible to the enemy .	A flash suppressor is different from a muzzle brake , although they are typically mounted in the same position and sometimes confused with each other .
This community is about 25 kilometers east of Heraklion and west of Agios Nikolaos .	What is usually called Hersonissos is in fact its peninsula and harbour .
Computer labs are typically provided by libraries to the public , by academic institutions to students who attend the institution , or by other institutions to the public or to people affiliated with that institution .	Users typically must follow a certain user policy to retain access to the computers .
The park includes the Colonial Parkway , a scenic parkway linking the three points of Virginia 's Historic Triangle : Jamestown and Yorktown and running through the historic district of Colonial Williamsburg .	The Colonial Parkway is located in James City County , York County , and the city of Williamsburg .
Confederate Col. Joseph C. Porter had been recruiting in the Macon area , to the south of Kirksville .	He had assembled a brigade of between 1,500 and 2,500 ill-trained and poorly equipped troops , but his irregulars had harried and recruited as far north as Memphis , Missouri .
It provides a formal framework for describing statements such as `` this is less than that '' or `` this precedes that '' .	This article introduces the field and provides basic definitions .
It appeared where they departed the realm for the heavens .	It is a main focus of the plot of many games in the series , including `` The Legend of Zelda '' , `` '' , `` '' , `` '' , , `` '' , `` '' and `` '' .
Its offices were located in downtown Toronto .	In 2003 , `` TORO '' magazine entered into the Canadian marketplace as a glossy men 's lifestyle publication , with complimentary issues distributed inseam of `` The Globe and Mail '' .
Keeping the upper limb away from the thorax is vital for its range of motion .	Complete lack of clavicles may be seen in cleidocranial dysostosis , and the abnormal proximity of the shoulders to the median plane exemplifies the clavicle 's importance as a strut .
Ivins joined the `` Texas Observer '' in the early 1970s and later moved to `` The New York Times '' .	She became a columnist for the `` Dallas Times Herald '' in the 1980s , and then the `` Fort Worth Star-Telegram '' after the `` Times Herald '' was sold and shuttered .
A legatus ( anglicized as legate ) was a high-ranking Roman military officer in the Roman Army , equivalent to a modern high-ranking general officer .	Initially used to delegate power , the term became formalized under Augustus as the officer in command of a legion .
For example , an idempotent element of a matrix ring is precisely an idempotent matrix .	For general rings , elements idempotent under multiplication are involved in decompositions of modules , and connected to homological properties of the ring .
Two large tributary glaciers , the East Rongbuk Glacier and the West Rongbuk Glacier , flow into the main Rongbuk Glacier .	It flows north and forms the Rongbuk Valley north of Mount Everest .
Colonial Williamsburg 's Historic Area 's combination of restoration and re-creation of parts of the colonial town 's three main thoroughfares and their connecting side streets attempts to suggest the atmosphere and the circumstances of 18th-century Americans .	Colonial Williamsburg 's motto has been : `` That the future may learn from the past '' .
NCP was a simplex protocol that utilized two port addresses , establishing two connections , for two-way communications .	An odd and an even port were reserved for each application layer application or protocol .
Processes and items encountered in daily life such as pain , pleasure , excitement , and anxiety use common linguistic terms as opposed to technical or scientific jargon .	Traditionally , the study of folk psychology has focused on how everyday people—those without formal training in the various academic fields of science—go about attributing mental states .
It starred Bette MacDonald , Fiona Reid , Jonathan Torrens , Joe Dinicol , and Rejean Cournoyer .	It is a sitcom about an earthy , one-hit wonder disco queen named Regina Gallant ( MacDonald ) who is recommended for appointment as Governor General by a conniving Prime Minister anticipating she will become a national embarrassment in the job , allowing him to move ahead in eliminating the position , along with the Canadian monarchy .
It is the highest peak near the equator .	Chimborazo is not the highest mountain by elevation above sea level , but its location along the equatorial bulge makes its summit the farthest point on the Earth 's surface from the Earth 's center .
and 110 kg ( 243 lbs .	) , he mainly played at the small forward position , but he could also play point forward , and both guard positions .
Since the 1991–92 season , Red Star 's best results are in the UEFA Champions League group stage and UEFA Europa League knockout phase .	According to 2008 polls , Red Star Belgrade is the most popular football club in Serbia , with 48.2 % of the population supporting them .
Radium chloride ( RaCl ) is a chemical compound of radium and chlorine , and the first radium compound isolated in a pure state .	Marie Curie and André-Louis Debierne used it in their original separation of radium from barium .
Following a competition in 1717 the steps were designed by the little-known Francesco de Sanctis , though Alessandro Specchi was long thought to have produced the winning entry .	Generations of heated discussion over how the steep slope to the church on a shoulder of the Pincio should be urbanised preceded the final execution .
Palomo became famous across Mexico and Latin America after his 1993 characterization of `` Juan del Diablo '' in `` Corazón salvaje '' .	Palomo who started acting in the theatre at the age of 12 , found fame with the success of `` Corazón Salvaje '' .
He taught at the University of Chicago from 1972 to 1996 before moving to Harvard University .	Wilson is Lewis P. and Linda L. Geyser University Professor at Harvard University .
During the 1924 British Mount Everest expedition , Mallory and his climbing partner , Andrew `` Sandy '' Irvine , disappeared on the North-East ridge during their attempt to make the first ascent of the world 's highest mountain .	The pair were last seen when they were about 800 vertical feet ( 245 m ) from the summit .
Established in 1864 , organized as a Police village in 1908 , and an independent village from 1926 , and ultimately amalgamated with the rest of Ottawa on January 1 , 2001. , it had a population of 2,021 .	In 1977 the entire village of Rockcliffe Park was designated a Heritage Conservation District .
Aoraki / Mount Cook , New Zealand 's highest mountain , and Aoraki/Mount Cook Village lie within the park .	The area was gazetted as a national park in October 1953 and consists of reserves that were established as early as 1887 to protect the area 's significant vegetation and landscape .
Even though the acidity of fruit increases as it ripens , the higher acidity level does not make the fruit seem tarter .	This is attributed to the Brix-Acid Ratio .
It is the namesake of the department of Gard .	Several of its tributaries are also called `` Gardon '' .
She appears in several incarnations throughout the series , generally as a member of Hyrule 's royal family and an associate of the protagonist Link .	Though she is the eponymous character , Zelda 's story role is often that of a damsel in distress or `` donor '' who assists Link .
It is the type genus of the subtribe Aerangidinae .	Approximately 50 species in this genus are known mostly from tropical Africa , but also from the Comoro Islands , Madagascar and Sri Lanka .
The 2004 Giro d'Italia was the 87th edition of the Giro d'Italia , one of cycling 's Grand Tours .	The Giro began in Genoa with a prologue .
Each shareholder owns company stock in proportion , evidenced by their shares ( certificates of ownership ) .	Shareholders are able to transfer their shares to others without any effects to the continued existence of the company .
Active noise control ( ANC ) , also known as noise cancellation , or active noise reduction ( ANR ) , is a method for reducing unwanted sound by the addition of a second sound specifically designed to cancel the first .	Sound is a pressure wave , which consists of alternating periods of compression and rarefaction .
To an extent buildings with giant orders resemble a Roman temple adapted for post-classical use , as many were ( the survivors have now usually been stripped of later filling-in ) .	One of the earliest uses of this feature in the Renaissance was at the Basilica of Sant'Andrea , Mantua , designed by Leon Battista Alberti and begun in 1472 ; this adapted the Roman triumphal arch to a church facade .
Some are merely large pincers or nippers , but most fall into these few classes :	Design variations include resting points so that the working end of the tongs does not come into contact with a bench surface .
It includes a speech from the throne known as the Queen 's Speech ( or the King 's Speech ) .	The State Opening is an elaborate ceremony showcasing British history , culture and contemporary politics to large crowds and television viewers .
Over 6,000 infantrymen , predominantly Canadian , were supported by The Calgary Regiment of the 1st Canadian Tank Brigade and a strong force of Royal Navy and smaller Royal Air Force landing contingents .	It involved 5,000 Canadians , 1,000 British troops , and 50 United States Army Rangers .
Sudek was originally a bookbinder .	During the First World War he was drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army in 1915 and served on the Italian Front until he was wounded in the right arm in 1916 which led to the limb being amputated at the shoulder .
Donald Duck : Goin ' Quackers ( known as Donald Duck : Quack Attack in Europe ) is a platform game developed and published by Ubi Soft for various consoles and Windows-based personal computers .	A different game with the same title was released for the Game Boy Color , as well as on Game Boy Advance , the latter being given the title `` Donald Duck Advance '' .
Szell came to Cleveland in 1946 to take over a respected if undersized orchestra , which was struggling to recover from the disruptions of World War II .	By the time of his death he was credited , to quote the critic Donal Henahan , with having built it into `` what many critics regarded as the world 's keenest symphonic instrument . ''
Hamilton became a professional cyclist in 1995 with the US Postal Service cycling team .	He was a teammate of Lance Armstrong during the 1999 , 2000 and 2001 Tours de France , where Armstrong won the general classification .
Stepan Fyodorovich Apraksin ( ; - ) , a relative of Fyodor M. Apraksin , commanded the Russian armies during the Seven Years ' War .	He should not be confused with his son Stepan Stepanovich Apraksin , who had a notable military career in the service of Catherine the Great .
His family was Jewish , and originated in Romania on his father 's side .	Safire later added the `` e '' to his surname for pronunciation reasons , though some of his relatives continue to use the original spelling .
The United Nations agreed on the date of 12 August in 1999 .	International Youth Day is an international observance on August 12 officially recognized by the United Nations.The UN General Assembly agreed on this date in 1999 .
Hermine Braunsteiner Ryan ( July 16 , 1919 – April 19 , 1999 ) was a female camp guard at Ravensbrück and Majdanek concentration camps , and the first Nazi war criminal to be extradited from the United States , to face trial in Germany .	Braunsteiner was known to prisoners of Majdanek concentration camp as the `` Stomping Mare '' and was said to have whipped women to death , thrown children by their hair onto trucks before being taken to their deaths in gas chambers , hanged young female prisoners and stomped an old woman to death with her jackboots .
His biography of John A. Macdonald , published into two parts between 1952 and 1955 , was considered by many Canadian historians as re-establishing biographies as a proper form of historical research in Canada .	By the 1960s Creighton began to move towards a more general history of Canada .
Clogs are a type of footwear made in part or completely from wood .	Clogs are used worldwide and although the form may vary by culture , within a culture the form often remained unchanged for centuries .
Between 1967 and 1976 it was the tallest in the world .	The tower was the first free-standing structure to exceed in height .
The mast is located west of Blanchard , North Dakota , halfway between Fargo and Grand Forks .	It became the tallest artificial structure , and the first man-made structure to exceed in height , upon the completion of its construction on August 13 , 1963 .
Gabrielle Weidner ( Brussels , 17 August 1914 - Königsberg in der Neumark , 17 February 1945 ) was a Dutch resistance fighter playing an active role in the French Resistance during World War II .	Gabrielle Weidner was born in Brussels as the daughter to Dutch parents .
Robert Alphonso Taft Sr. ( September 8 , 1889 – July 31 , 1953 ) was an American conservative politician , lawyer , and scion of the Republican Party 's Taft family .	Taft represented Ohio in the United States Senate , briefly served as Senate Majority Leader , and was a leader of the conservative coalition of Republicans and conservative Democrats who prevented expansion of the New Deal .
This method was commonly used in mechanical calculators and is still used in modern computers .	The `` nines ' complement '' of a number is formed by replacing each digit with nine minus that digit .
The binary nature of 243 Ida was discovered when the Galileo spacecraft flew by the asteroid in 1993 .	Since then numerous binary asteroids and several triple asteroids have been detected .
In 2017 , he was named one of the 100 Greatest NHL Players .	Mikita was born in Sokolče , Slovak Republic , as Stanislav Guoth and raised in a small farming community there until late 1948 , but moved to St. Catharines , Ontario , as a young boy .
The dominant video game consoles in 2002 were :	The dominant handheld system in 2002 was Nintendo 's Game Boy Advance and Nintendo 's Game Boy Color .
It consists of thousands of stone jars scattered around the upland valleys and the lower foothills of the central plain of the Xiangkhoang Plateau .	The jars are mostly arranged in clusters ranging in number from one to several hundred .
Sir Walter Hartwell James , ( 29 March 1863 – 3 January 1943 ) was the fifth Premier of Western Australia and an ardent supporter of the federation movement .	James was born in Perth , in what was then the British colony of Western Australia .
It is located in Alberta 's Rockies along the Trans-Canada Highway , approximately west of Calgary and east of Lake Louise .	At an elevation of to , Banff is the community with the second highest elevation in Alberta after Lake Louise .
The Panchen Lama ( ) is a tulku of the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism .	Panchen Lama is one of the most important figures in the Gelug tradition , with its spiritual authority second only to Dalai Lama .
Most speakers live in Botswana , but a few hundred live in Namibia .	The people call themselves ǃXoon ( pl .
Paricutín presented the first occasion for modern science to document the full life cycle of an eruption of this type .	During the volcano 's nine years of activity , scientists sketched and mapped it and took thousands of samples and photographs .
She was the sister of Harriet Beecher Stowe , the 19th century abolitionist and writer most famous for her groundbreaking novel `` Uncle Tom 's Cabin '' , and of clergymen Henry Ward Beecher and Charles Beecher .	Beecher was educated at home until she was ten years old , when she was sent to a private school in Litchfield , Connecticut , where she was taught the limited curriculum available to young women .
The United States Mint produces circulating coinage for the United States to conduct its trade and commerce , as well as controlling the movement of bullion .	It does not produce paper money ; that responsibility belongs to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing .
The function of the projecting cornice of a building is to throw rainwater free of the building ’ s walls .	In residential building practice , this function is handled by projecting gable ends , roof eaves , and gutters .
The faculty is based primarily across 16 buildings on the southern side of the university campus in Downtown Toronto , in addition to operating the Institute for Aerospace Studies facility .	The faculty administers undergraduate , master 's and doctoral degree programs , as well as a dual-degree program with the Rotman School of Management .
Henry Daglish ( 18 November 1866 – 16 August 1920 ) was the sixth Premier of Western Australia and the state 's first Labor Premier .	Henry Daglish was born in Ballarat West , Victoria on 18 November 1866 .
One of the earliest time capsules known was discovered in November 30 , 2017 in Burgos , Spain .	A wooden statue of Jesus Christ had hidden inside it a document with economic , politic and cultural information , written by Joaquín Mínguez , chaplain of the Cathedral of Burgo de Osma in 1777
On the other hand , Tibetologist Guntram Hazod records a local story that explains the mountain 's name in terms of its literal meaning in the Standard Tibetan language : `` shisha '' , which means `` meat of an animal that died of natural causes '' and `` sbangma '' which means `` malt dregs left over from brewing beer '' .	According to the story , one year a heavy snowfall killed most of the animals at pasture .
Set in the 1860s , it is about a lively eleven-year-old tomboy named Caroline Augusta Woodlawn , nicknamed `` Caddie '' , living in the area of Dunnville , Wisconsin .	As a young girl she made the journey from Boston to Dunnville with her family , one which nearly cost her life .
The mountain was first climbed on July 7 , 1956 , by an Austrian expedition which included Fritz Moravec , Josef Larch , and Hans Willenpart .	Gasherbrum II is located on the border of Gilgit–Baltistan , Pakistan , and Xinjiang , China .
It was founded in 1618 .	The city is composed of 15 barrios , ( Neighborhoods ) bounded to the north by Ixhuatlán del Café and Tomatlán , and to the south by Amatlán de los Reyes and Naranjal .
In doing so , they are aware of each other 's actions and intentions , and do not hear any background noise from the ones who are not speaking .	Similar considerations apply to police radio , the use of business band radios on construction sites , and other scenarios requiring coordination of several parties .
In biology , altricial species are those in which the young are incapable of moving around on their own soon after hatching or being born .	The word is derived from the Latin root `` alere '' , meaning `` to nurse , to rear , or to nourish '' and indicates the need for young to be fed and taken care of for a long duration .
He is sometimes referred to as the 2nd Earl of Arundel : the numbering depends on whether one views the earldom obtained by his father as a new creation or not .	He was also 2nd or 4th Earl of Surrey ; and was later created 1st Earl of Norfolk ( 5th creation ) .
Such claims vary in every respect , including the nature , origins ( e.g .	extraterrestrials , extradimensionals , time travelers , or machines ) , moral dispositions , intentions , and physical appearances of the encountered beings , though many of them nonetheless share some noticeable similarities .
Katsuie was the retainer of Oda Nobukatsu ( Oda Nobuyuki ) .	When control of the Oda clan was contested , Katsuie initially supported his lord , Nobukatsu , against his elder brother Oda Nobunaga .
Its highest point , however , lies within Jasper National Park in Alberta .	The mountain was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie after the Columbia River .
The Arundel marbles are a collection of carved Ancient Greek sculptures and inscriptions collected by Thomas Howard , 21st Earl of Arundel in the early seventeenth century , the first such comprehensive collection of its kind in England .	They are now in the Ashmolean Museum , Oxford , having been donated in two groups .
Anthony Robert Kushner ( born July 16 , 1956 ) is an American playwright and screenwriter .	He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1993 for his play `` Angels in America '' .
Varina Anne Banks Howell Davis ( May 7 , 1826 – October 16 , 1906 ) was the only First Lady of the Confederate States of America , and the longtime second wife of President Jefferson Davis .	She moved to the Presidential Mansion in Richmond , Virginia , in mid-1861 , and lived there for the remainder of the American Civil War .
It is estimated that between 1100 and 1135 , 4,500 letters were carried by these messengers .	During this time , private individuals had to make their own arrangements .
A broadcast flag is a set of status bits ( or a `` flag '' ) sent in the data stream of a digital television program that indicates whether or not the data stream can be recorded , or if there are any restrictions on recorded content .	Possible restrictions include the inability to save an unencrypted digital program to a hard disk or other non-volatile storage , inability to make secondary copies of recorded content ( in order to share or archive ) , forceful reduction of quality when recording ( such as reducing high-definition video to the resolution of standard TVs ) , and inability to skip over commercials .
First elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 , he defeated Democrat Harriett Woods by a margin of 53 % –47 % .	He was re-elected in 1992 , 1998 , and 2004 .
`` Delicatessen '' is a German loanword which first appeared in English in the late 19th century and is the plural of `` Delikatesse '' .	The German form was lent from the French `` délicatesse '' , which itself was lent from Italian `` delicatezza '' , from `` delicato , '' of which the root word is the Latin adjective `` delicatus '' , meaning `` giving pleasure , delightful , pleasing '' .
Legazpi , officially the City of Legazpi , ( ; ; ) and often referred to as Legazpi City , is a 1st Class component city and the capital of the province of Albay in the Philippines .	According to the , it has a population of .
Modern versions frequently have two layers which are separated by an additional slice of bread .	The club sandwich may have originated at the Union Club of New York City .
The company primarily trades under the Optus brand , while maintaining several wholly owned subsidiary brands , such as Virgin Mobile Australia in the mobile telephony market , Uecomm in the network services market and Alphawest in the ICT services sector .	To provide services , Optus mostly owns and operates its own network infrastructure , and also uses the wholesale services of the National Broadband Network and Telstra .
Alexander Emric ( or Emerick ) Jones ( born February 11 , 1974 ) is an American radio show host and conspiracy theorist .	He hosts `` The Alex Jones Show '' from Austin , Texas , which airs on the Genesis Communications Network across the United States and online .
The red-footed falcon ( `` Falco vespertinus '' ) , formerly western red-footed falcon , is a bird of prey .	It belongs to the family Falconidae , the falcons .
Sir Michael John Cullen ( born 5 February 1945 ) is a former New Zealand politician .	He served as Deputy Prime Minister of New Zealand , also Minister of Finance , Minister of Tertiary Education , and Attorney-General .
Wilfried Achiel Emma Martens ( ; 19 April 1936 – 9 October 2013 ) was a Flemish Belgian politician .	He was born in Sleidinge ( East Flanders ) .
It has also been called the cock o ' the north and the mountain finch .	In 1758 Linnaeus included the species in the 10th edition of his `` Systema Naturae '' under its current binomial name , `` Fringilla montifringilla '' .
Ruy López de Villalobos ( ; ca .	1500 – April 4 , 1544 ) was a Spanish explorer who sailed the Pacific from Mexico to establish a permanent foothold for Spain in the East Indies , which was near the Line of Demarcation between Spain and Portugal according to the Treaty of Zaragoza in 1529 .
Margaret was the daughter of William I , Count of Hainaut , and Joan of Valois .	She spent her childhood in Henegouwen and also frequently visited France with her French mother .
The professional mu'addhin is chosen for his good character , voice and skills to serve at the mosque .	However , the mu'addhin is not considered a cleric , but in a position comparable to a Christian verger .
The European greenfinch , or just greenfinch ( `` Chloris chloris '' ) , is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae .	This bird is widespread throughout Europe , north Africa and south west Asia .
Beidou-1 was decommissioned at the end of 2012 .	The second generation of the system , officially called the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System ( BDS ) and also known as COMPASS or BeiDou-2 , became operational in China in December 2011 with a partial constellation of 10 satellites in orbit .
Brisbane Airport is a major hub for Virgin Australia , and a secondary hub for both Qantas and its low cost subsidiary Jetstar .	Tigerair Australia also opened a base at Brisbane Airport on 11 March 2014 .
It serves as the seat of government for the surrounding municipality of the same name , which borders on	Las Vigas de Ramírez , Acajete , Xico and Tlalnelhuayocan , and the state of Puebla .
Bohemian Grove is a restricted 2,700-acre ( 1,100 ha ) campground located at 20601 Bohemian Avenue , in Monte Rio , California , United States , belonging to a private San Francisco–based gentlemen 's club known as the Bohemian Club .	In mid-July each year , Bohemian Grove hosts a more than two-week encampment of some of the most prominent men in the world .
The taxonomy of redpolls is unsettled , with several different very closely related forms of redpolls which have been considered as anything from one to five species .	Some studies favour three species , but this is certainly not definite .
Rason was born in Cleeve , Somerset in England on 18 June 1858 .	He was the son of Cornthwaite Hector Rason ( Snr ) , a Royal Navy surgeon who was the medical officer at York , Western Australia in 1866 and 1867 .
Spencer Tunick ( born January 1 , 1967 ) is an American photographer best known for organizing large-scale nude shoots .	Since 1994 , he has photographed over 75 human installations around the world .
The Spirit of St. Louis ( Registration : N-X-211 ) is the custom-built , single engine , single-seat , high wing monoplane that was flown by Charles Lindbergh on May 20 – 21 , 1927 , on the first solo nonstop transatlantic flight from Long Island , New York , to Paris , France , for which Lindbergh won the $ 25,000 Orteig Prize .	Lindbergh took off in the `` Spirit '' from Roosevelt Airfield , Garden City , New York , and landed 33 hours , 30 minutes later at Aéroport Le Bourget in Paris , France , a distance of approximately 3,600 miles ( 5,800 km ) .
After graduating he started work in the US television industry , first as a casting assistant and then as a literary agent , working at Fenton Feinberg Casting and the ICM TV Literary Department training program .	In 1985 , he was appointed Director of Drama Development at Columbia Pictures .
The term `` difference feminism '' developed during the `` equality-versus-difference debate '' in American feminism in the 1980s and 1990s , but subsequently fell out of favor and use .	In the 1990s feminists addressed the binary logic of `` difference '' versus `` equality '' and moved on from it , notably with postmodern and/or deconstructionist approaches that either dismantled or did not depend on that dichotomy .
The jet age came to Legazpi in the late 1960s and by the 1970s Philippine Airlines ( PAL ) introduced regular service to/from Manila using British Aircraft Corporation 's BAC 1-11s .	In the late 1980s PAL introduced Boeing 737-300s .
Remembrance of the Daleks is the first serial of the 25th season of the British science fiction television series `` Doctor Who '' .	The serial was first broadcast in four weekly episodes from 5 October to 26 October 1988 .
It stars Peter Cushing as Dr. Who , Roberta Tovey as Susan , Jennie Linden as Barbara , and Roy Castle as Ian .	It was followed by `` Daleks ' Invasion Earth 2150 A.D. '' ( 1966 ) .
Virgin established its book publishing arm in the late 1970s ; in the latter part of the 1980s Virgin purchased several existing companies , including WH Allen , well known among `` Doctor Who '' fans for their Target Books imprint ; Virgin Books was incorporated into WH Allen in 1989 , but in 1991 WH Allen was renamed Virgin Publishing Ltd .	Virgin Publishing 's early success came with the `` Doctor Who '' New Adventures novels , officially licensed full-length novels carrying on the story of the popular science-fiction television series following its cancellation in 1989 .
The medieval chronicler Orderic Vitalis believed that the Normans had imposed a yoke on the English : `` And so the English groaned aloud for their lost liberty and plotted ceaselessly to find some way of shaking off a yoke that was so intolerable and unaccustomed '' .	The culturally freighted term of a `` Norman yoke '' first appears in an apocryphal work published in 1642 during the English Revolution , under the title `` The Mirror of Justices '' ; the book was a translation of `` Mireur a justices '' , a collection of 13th century political , legal , and moral fables , written in Anglo-Norman French , thought to have been compiled and edited in the early 14th century by renowned legal scholar Andrew Horn .
Officially licensed by the BBC , the magazine began life as Doctor Who Weekly in 1979 , published by the UK arm of Marvel Comics .	The first issue was released on Thursday 11 October with a cover date of 17 October and priced 12p .
Founded in 1996 , Big Finish in late 1998 began releasing audio plays adapted from New Adventures , a series of novels from Virgin Books which had originally been licensed `` Doctor Who '' stories , but by then had become officially independent from the show and were based around the character of Bernice `` Benny '' Summerfield .	In 1999 , Big Finish obtained a non-exclusive licence to produce official `` Doctor Who '' plays , beginning with the multi-Doctor story `` The Sirens of Time '' .
It is the sequel to `` Dr. Who and the Daleks '' ( 1965 ) .	The story is based on the `` Doctor Who '' television serial `` The Dalek Invasion of Earth '' ( 1964 ) , produced by the BBC .
Guillermo Jaime Jorrín ( born November 12 , 1969 in Sacramento , California ) , known as Willie Jorrín , is a retired Mexican American professional boxer and former WBC Super Bantamweight Champion .	Jorrín was trained by five-time Trainer of the Year Freddie Roach .
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( branded as Metro ; formerly branded as MTA or LACMTA ) is an agency that operates public transportation in the Los Angeles metropolitan area .	It was formed in 1993 out of a merger of the Southern California Rapid Transit District and the Los Angeles County Transportation Commission .
It reached number twenty on the US `` Billboard '' 200 and number six on the UK Albums Chart , while reaching the top-twenty and receiving multiplatinum certifications in several territories .	The album 's success was helped by the band promoting it on a year-long tour , including playing on the European festival circuit and supporting the Smashing Pumpkins throughout 1996 , as well as by a run of increasingly successful singles culminating with `` Stupid Girl '' , which received Grammy Award nominations for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group in 1997 .
Pío de Jesús Pico ( May 5 , 1801 – September 11 , 1894 ) was a Californio rancher and politician , the last governor of Alta California ( now the State of California ) under Mexican rule .	He served from 1845 to 1846 .
On August 11 , 2014 , it merged with the Sheet Metal Workers ' International Association ( SMWIA ) to form the International Association of Sheet Metal , Air , Rail and Transportation Workers , known by the acronym SMART .	The UTU is the largest railroad operating union in North America , with more than 500 locals .
José María Teclo Morelos Pérez y Pavón ( ) ( September 30 , 1765 , City of Valladolid , now Morelia , Michoacán – December 22 , 1815 , San Cristóbal Ecatepec , State of México ) was a Mexican Roman Catholic priest and revolutionary rebel leader who led the Mexican War of Independence movement , assuming its leadership after the execution of Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla in 1811 .	Morelos and Ignacio López Rayón are credited with organizing the war of independence .
Starting with a given class of algebraic structure , such as groups , one can build the category in which the objects are groups and the morphisms are group homomorphisms : that is , of structures on one type , and mappings respecting that structure .	Starting with a category `` C '' given abstractly , the challenge is to infer what structure it is on the objects that the morphisms 'preserve ' .
The union has its origins in a meeting of the American Federation of Labor in 1891 at which president Samuel Gompers was asked to invite the local street railway associations to form an international union .	Gompers sent a letter to the local street railway unions in April 1892 , and based on the positive response arranged for a convention of street railway workers .
Balgowlah is located 12 kilometres north-east of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of Northern Beaches Council , in the Northern Beaches region .	Balgowlah shares the postcode 2093 with the adjacent suburbs of Manly Vale , Balgowlah Heights and North Balgowlah .
Burrowing owls can be found in grasslands , rangelands , agricultural areas , deserts , or any other open dry area with low vegetation .	They nest and roost in burrows , such as those excavated by prairie dogs ( `` Cynomys '' spp . ) .
The model parameters are derived from fitting a regression formula using data from historical projects ( 61 projects for COCOMO 81 and 163 projects for COCOMO II ) .	The constructive cost model was developed by Barry W. Boehm in the late 1970s and published in Boehm 's 1981 book `` Software Engineering Economics '' as a model for estimating effort , cost , and schedule for software projects .
Cymru Annibynnol , the Independent Wales Party is a small political party operating in Wales .	They were formed as a splinter from Plaid Cymru in January 2000 , when that party 's leader Ieuan Wyn Jones distanced Plaid from supporting Welsh independence .
The election was characterised by a resurgence for the Labour Party , whilst Plaid Cymru saw a reduction in support and the number of Assembly Members they returned .	Having won thirty seats , one short of a majority , Labour chose to govern without a coalition partner .
It is a constituent council of Liverpool City Region Combined Authority .	Liverpool has been a town since 1207 , when it was granted its first charter by King John .
The design of log-structured file systems is based on the hypothesis that this will no longer be effective because ever-increasing memory sizes on modern computers would lead to I/O becoming write-heavy because reads would be almost always satisfied from memory cache .	A log-structured file system thus treats its storage as a circular log and writes sequentially to the head of the log .
Milton 's 'Paradise Lost ''	and Wordsworth 's 'The Prelude ' consist of verse paragraphs .
Grotewohl was born in the city of Braunschweig ( which would be part of West Germany during the partition ) on 11 March 1894 and his father was a master tailor .	Following World War I he started his political career as a leader of the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany ( USPD ) and minister in the Free State of Brunswick .
A basic distinction is between rhyme schemes that apply to a single stanza , and those that continue their pattern throughout an entire poem ( see chain rhyme ) .	There are also more elaborate related forms , like the sestina – which requires repetition of exact words in a complex pattern .
Writers/artists have adopted this form both to achieve a range of cognitive or symbolic effects and to focus on the social or political meanings of erasure .	Erasure is a way to give an existing piece of writing a new set of meanings , questions , or suggestions .
He was born and raised in Alton , Illinois .	Wadlow reached in height and weighed at his death at age 22 .
The most common theme is love .	In its most basic form the pantun consists of a quatrain which employs an abab rhyme scheme .
Denbighshire is the longest known inhabited part of Wales .	Pontnewydd ( Bontnewydd-Llanelwy ) Palaeolithic site has Neanderthal remains from 225,000 years ago .
The T-33 was developed from the Lockheed P-80/F-80 starting as TP-80C/TF-80C in development , then designated T-33A .	It was used by the U.S. Navy initially as TO-2 then TV-2 , and after 1962 , T-33B .
The revival was characterized by spiritual experiences accompanied with testimonies of physical healing miracles , worship services and speaking in tongues .	The participants were criticized by some secular media and Christian theologians for behaviors considered to be outrageous and unorthodox , especially at the time .
The cognomen `` Italica '' suggests that the legion 's original recruits were mainly drawn from Italy .	The legion was still active in Raetia and other provinces in the early 5th century ( Notitia Dignitatum , dated ca .
Van 't Hoff studied chemical dynamics and published in 1884 his famous `` Etudes de dynamique chimique '' .	In 1901 he was awarded by the first Nobel Prize in Chemistry `` in recognition of the extraordinary services he has rendered by the discovery of the laws of chemical dynamics and osmotic pressure in solutions '' .
As of May 2016 , approximately 7,300 men and women serve in the Irish Army , divided into two geographically organised brigades .	As well as maintaining its primary roles of defending the State and internal security within the State , since 1958 the Army has had a continuous presence in peacekeeping missions around the world .
It is in north-east Wales , bordering the English county of Cheshire to the east , Denbighshire to the west and Wrexham County Borough to the south .	It is named after the historic county of Flintshire which has notably different borders .
Many European languages have significant syllabic verse traditions , notably Italian , Spanish , French , and the Baltic and Slavic languages .	These traditions often permeate both folk and literary verse , and have evolved gradually over hundreds or thousands of years ; in a sense the metrical tradition is older than the languages themselves , since it ( like the languages ) descended from Proto-Indo-European .
The following poem , `` Baa Baa Black Sheep , '' has two stresses in each line but a varying number of syllables .	Bold represents stressed syllables , and the number of syllables in each line is noted .
Its main ingredients are rice and black gram .	Dosa is a typical part of the Southern Indian and Sri Lankan diets but is now popular all over the Indian subcontinent .
The Treaty of Edinburgh–Northampton was a peace treaty , signed in 1328 between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland .	It brought an end to the Second War of Scottish Independence , which had begun with the English invasion of Scotland in 1296 .
MacGillivray was born in Old Aberdeen and brought up on the island of Harris .	He returned to Aberdeen where he studied Medicine at King 's College , graduating MA in 1815 .
The legion 's symbol was probably a bull .	Together with its sister legions I `` Parthica '' and II `` Parthica '' , the third Parthian legion was levied for the attack on the eastern frontier .
Let `` n '' be a positive integer .	If there exists an integer `` a '' , 1 < `` a '' < `` n '' , such that
Dalzel was born in Kirkliston in Scotland and he trained to be a doctor in Edinburgh .	After a spell in the navy he resolved to take a job in Africa as he saw it as a way to make money .
in which `` V '' is not necessarily projective .	The case of algebraic curves was already implicit in the Riemann-Roch theorem .
His 1997 album `` Substrata '' was voted by the users of the Hyperreal website in 2001 as the best all-time classic ambient album .	Jenssen was born on 30 May 1962 in Tromsø , a city within the Arctic Circle in the northernmost portion of Norway .
According to the `` Encyclopedia of American Religion and Politics '' , the League `` is regarded by many as the preeminent organization representing the views of American lay Catholics . ''	Founded in 1973 by Jesuit priest Virgil Blum , the Catholic League was formed to counter discrimination against Catholics in the U.S. government and in popular culture .
The madrigal of the Trecento flourished ca .	1300–1370 with a short revival near 1400 .
Ian Andrew Robert Stewart was born at Kirklatch Farm , Pittenweem , East Neuk , Fife , Scotland , and raised in Sutton , London .	Stewart ( often called Stu ) started playing piano when he was six .
It is a concept album dealing with how American culture might have been different had the Vikings managed to colonise the continent .	The album is a tour through various styles of American music ( `` The Lay of the Surfers '' is a Beach Boys parody ) , filled with references to modern American culture and ancient Norse myths and legends .
Aelius Festus Aphthonius is believed to be the author ( otherwise unknown ) of a Latin work called `` De metris omnibus '' ( `` About all the metres '' ) incorporated as part of the `` Ars Grammatica '' of the 4th century AD Christian writer Gaius Marius Victorinus .	The manuscripts of Victorinus 's `` Ars Grammatica '' end with the words : `` Aelii Festi Aphthonii V.P .
People interested in horology are called `` horologists '' .	That term is used both by people who deal professionally with timekeeping apparatus ( watchmakers , clockmakers ) , as well as aficionados and scholars of horology .
She had six sons , whose descendants became some of the Twelve Tribes of Israel .	She also had a daughter , Dinah .
It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Schweinfurt , Bamberg , Neustadt ( Aisch ) -Bad Windsheim and Würzburg .	The district in its present form was established in the administrative reform of 1973 .
In mathematics and set theory , hereditarily finite sets are defined as finite sets whose elements are all hereditarily finite sets .	A recursive definition of well-founded hereditarily finite sets goes as follows :
Saab 92 is the first production automobile from Saab .	The design was very aerodynamic for its time , with a drag coefficient ( `` c '' or `` c '' ) of 0.30 .
The settlement is located along Route 79 north of its interchange with Route 18 .	Marlboro was likely named for its early use of marl as a fertilizer .
Hailes Abbey is two miles northeast of Winchcombe , Gloucestershire , England .	Originally built in 1246 little remains of the abbey .
It is the nearest National Rail station to the centre of Greenwich , but Cutty Sark DLR station is closer to the town centre and its tourist attractions .	East of the station the Dartford line goes through a tunnel underneath the grounds of the National Maritime Museum , towards Maze Hill .
Satin is a weave that typically has a glossy surface and a dull back , one of three fundamental types of textile weaves along with plain weave and twill .	The satin weave is characterized by four or more fill or weft yarns floating over a warp yarn , four warp yarns floating over a single weft yarn .
ANT1 had been the most-popular network in Greece for years with its line up of hit series including popular dramas `` Lampsi '' and `` Kalimera Zoi '' .	Programming consists of comedies , dramas , news , current affairs programs , game shows and entertainment shows .
The quotient has widespread use throughout mathematics , and is commonly referred to as a fraction or a ratio .	For example , when dividing twenty ( the `` dividend '' ) by three ( the `` divisor '' ) , the `` quotient '' is six and two thirds .
It comprises four themed CDs .	In the UK , initial quantities came with a fifth disc which featured rare tracks .
Basically a rotary switch construction set , the Geniac contained six perforated masonite disks , into the back of which brass jumpers could be inserted .	The jumpers made electrical connections between slotted brass bolt heads sitting out from the similarly perforated masonite back panel .
His imaginative cartoonish , and intricately detailed style ( especially in black and white strips ) lends itself best to humorous strips , such as `` Robo-Hunter '' and `` Ace Trucking Co. '' , although his work on the Alan Moore-penned `` The Ballad of Halo Jones '' shows that he is capable of telling a serious story .	In the US , Gibson made a good name for himself drawing Mister Miracle for DC Comics in the 1980s .
However , after being responsible for a car crash in September 2003 that killed teammate and close friend Dan Snyder , he requested a trade and was subsequently dealt to the Ottawa Senators .	One of the Senators ' perennial leading scorers during his tenure with Ottawa , Heatley set franchise records for single-season goals ( 50 ) , which he achieved in back-to-back seasons in 2005–06 and 2006–07 , and points ( 105 ) , during the 2006–07 season .
It opened in 1987 , the year after the Town Center at Cobb opened on the other side of Interstate 75 .	The original anchor stores were Lechmere , Service Merchandise , and Uptons ( all of which went out of business nationally ) , with entertainment outlets Q-Zar and AMC Theatres .
Alter featured popular news anchor Nikos Hadjinikolaou , morning show host Giorgos Aftias & controversial but popular investigative reporter Makis Triantafyllopoulos .	Alter also aired the award-winning program `` Fos Sto Tounel '' ( Light in the Tunnel ) , a program that tracked down missing persons .
It runs from Farnham to Dover , past Guildford , Dorking , Merstham , Otford and Rochester , along the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONB ) and Kent Downs AONB .	Planning for a new Long Distance Path , as they were classified in 1949 , began in Kent in 1950 .
From the engineering perspective of a building , the facade is also of great importance due to its impact on energy efficiency .	For historical facades , many local zoning regulations or other laws greatly restrict or even forbid their alteration .
After 9/11 , international opposition to the regime drastically increased , with diplomatic recognition from the United Arab Emirates and Pakistan being rescinded .	The Islamic Emirate ceased to exist on December 17 , 2001 , after being overthrown by the Northern Alliance , which had been bolstered by a US-led invasion of the country .
Thomas Alexander Crerar , ( June 17 , 1876 – April 11 , 1975 ) was a western Canadian politician and a leader of the short-lived Progressive Party of Canada .	He was born in Molesworth , Ontario , and moved to Manitoba at a young age .
It is near the border with Northern Ireland and lies about north of the border village of Pettigo .	It is best known for St Patrick 's Purgatory , a site of pilgrimage on Station Island in the lake .
It was designed by Sheffield City Council 's Design & Building Services and named after the nearby River Don .	The stadium and facilities were also used for a variety of other events and sports .
A youth was hunting in the mountains .	An eagle flying above him alighted on top of a crag .
The City of Toronto recognizes a broader neighbourhood definition that includes the adjacent Seaton Village and Yorkville areas .	Bordering the University of Toronto , the Annex has long been a student quarter and is also home to many fraternity housing and members of the university 's faculty .
Therian mammals give birth to live young without a shelled egg .	It is possible thanks to key proteins called syncytins , which allow exchanges between the mother and its offspring through a placenta ; even rudimental ones such as the marsupials .
The Burroughs Large Systems Group designed large mainframes using stack machine instruction sets with dense syllables and 48-bit data words .	The first such design was the B5000 in 1961 .
The duplication in their name expresses the diminutive form .	The name `` Walla Walla '' is translated several ways but most often as `` many waters . ''
The company was founded in 1965 , and merged with Time Warner on October 10 , 1996 .	It now operates as a semi-autonomous unit of WarnerMedia .
It was the first time the Conservatives had lost the popular vote since the 1906 election ; they would not win it again until 1955 .	Labour won its first majority government , and a mandate to implement its postwar reforms .
Mohawk College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public college of applied arts and technology located in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .	It has three main campuses : the Fennell Campus on the Hamilton Mountain , the Stoney Creek Campus in Stoney Creek , and the Mohawk-McMaster Institute for Applied Health Sciences at McMaster University .
DePatie–Freleng Enterprises ( also known as Mirisch–Geoffrey–DePatie–Freleng Productions when involved with the Mirisch brothers and Geoffrey Productions ; and DFE Films ) was an American animation production company , active from 1963 to 1981 .	Based in Burbank , California , DFE produced animation for film and television .
Although the attacks were primarily perpetrated by the Arabs , the British White Paper concluded that the violence was sparked by resentment towards Jewish Zionists and the perceived favoritism towards them by the British , as well as Arab fears of subjugation .	While maintaining Britain 's commitment to the Balfour declaration and its promise of a Jewish National Home in Palestine , `` internationally guaranteed '' and `` recognized to rest upon ancient historic connection , '' the paper emphasized that the establishment of a Jewish National Home would not impose a Jewish nationality on the Arab inhabitants of Palestine , and `` the status of all citizens of Palestine in the eyes of the law shall be Palestinian '' .
Nearby localities include Umm al-Mayazen and Nasib to the southeast , al-Naimeh to the east , Ataman to the north , al-Yadudah to the northwest and Ramtha , Jordan to the southwest .	According to the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics , Daraa had a population of 97,969 in the 2004 census .
GO Transit is a regional public transit system serving the Greater Golden Horseshoe region of Ontario , Canada .	With its hub at Union Station in Toronto , GO Transit ’ s distinctive green and white trains and buses serve a population of more than seven million across an area over stretching from Brantford and Waterloo in the west to Newcastle and Peterborough in the east , and from Barrie in the north to Niagara Falls in the south .
The differing resistance to erosion leads to the formation of headlands and bays .	A hard rock type such as granite is resistant to erosion and creates a promontory whilst a softer rock type such as the clays of Bagshot Beds is easily eroded creating a bay .
The original was a line of forts and tank defences built by Germany in northern France during 1916–17 , known in German as the Siegfriedstellung ( `` Siegfried Position '' ) .	The British referred to it as the `` Hindenburg Line '' , a name subsequently adopted by the rest of the Allies .
She is best remembered for her leading role as Samantha Stephens on the television series `` Bewitched '' .	The daughter of actor Robert Montgomery , she began her career in the 1950s with a role on her father 's television series `` Robert Montgomery Presents '' , and won a Theater World Award for her 1956 Broadway debut in the production `` Late Love '' .
In 2004 , President Hamid Karzai provided Fahim the honorary title Marshal and a year later , he became member of the House of Elders .	He later became a recipient of the Ahmad Shah Baba Medal .
MEGA 's programming consists mainly of Greek programmes such as comedies , dramas , news , current affairs and entertainment shows .	Some of its hit series include popular comedies such as `` Sto Para Pente '' and `` Savatogenimmenes '' .
The history of gardening may be considered as aesthetic expressions of beauty through art and nature , a display of taste or style in civilized life , an expression of an individual 's or culture 's philosophy , and sometimes as a display of private status or national pride—in private and public landscapes .	Forest gardening , a plant-based food pro-system , is the world 's oldest form of gardening .
An investor is a person that allocates capital with the expectation of a future financial return .	Types of investments include : equity , debt securities , real estate , currency , commodity , token , derivatives such as put and call options , futures , forwards , etc .
It was then further edited and adopted by the Committee of the Whole of the Second Continental Congress on July 4 , 1776 .	The second paragraph of the first article in the Declaration of Independence contains the phrase `` Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness '' .
Mutter ( German for `` mother '' ) is the third album by German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein .	It was released on 2 April 2001 through Motor Music .
The connection of Ἐριχθόνιος with ἐρέχθω , `` shake '' is a late folk-etymology ; other folk-etymologies include ἔριον , `` erion '' , `` wool '' or `` eris '' , `` strife '' + χθών `` chthôn or chthonos '' , `` earth '' .	Fundamentally , all that is known of this Erichthonius comes from Homer , who says ( Samuel Butler 's translation of `` Iliad '' 20.215-234 ) :
According to some myths , he was autochthonous ( born of the soil , or Earth ) and raised by the goddess Athena .	Early Greek texts do not distinguish between him and Erectheus , his grandson , but by the fourth century BC , during Classical times , they are distinct figures .
Upon release it was met with critical and commercial success .	It was the band 's last release ( simultaneously with `` Furniture '' ) before going on indefinite hiatus in 2003 , until the release of `` First Demo '' over thirteen years later .
Longer fishing expeditions can be mounted with simple structures .	Larger , heated structures can make multiple day fishing trips possible .
For much of his adult life , he suffered from tuberculosis , and his struggles with the illness and with poverty also play a role in his writing .	Jefferies valued and cultivated an intensity of feeling in his experience of the world around him , a cultivation that he describes in detail in `` The Story of My Heart '' ( 1883 ) .
Snowmobile skipping , snowmobile watercross , snowmobile skimming , water skipping or puddle jumping is a sport and/or exhibition where snowmobile racers hydroplane their sleds across lakes or rivers .	Watercross consists of crossing water while riding a snowmobile , which is possible because snowmobiles have wide tracks for traction and flotation in the snow .
Older snowmobiles could generally accommodate two people ; however , most snowmobiles manufactured in the last twenty-five years have been designed for a single rider .	Snowmobiles built with the ability to carry two riders are referred to as `` 2-up '' snowmobiles or 'touring ' models and make up an extremely small share of the market .
In the dualistic schools of Vaishnavism , Lila refers to the activities of God and his devotee , as well as the macrocosmic actions of the manifest universe , as seen in the Vaishnava scripture `` Srimad Bhagavatam '' , verse 3.26.4 :	sa eṣa prakṛtiḿ sūkṣmāḿ < br > daivīḿ guṇamayīḿ vibhuḥ < br > yadṛcchayaivopagatām < br > abhyapadyata līlayā < br > < br > '' As His pastimes , that Supreme Personality of Godhead , the greatest of the great , accepted the subtle material energy , which is invested with three material modes of nature . ''
This is a list of writing systems ( or scripts ) , classified according to some common distinguishing features .	There are at least 3,866 languages that make use of an established writing system .
These tensions would later lead toward the American Revolution .	General Thomas Gage , commander-in-chief of forces in British North America , and other British officers who had fought in the French and Indian War ( including Major James Robertson ) , had found it hard to persuade colonial assemblies to pay for quartering and provisioning of troops on the march .
The Act was a response to the Boston Tea Party .	King George III 's speech of 7 March 1774 charged the colonists with attempting to injure British commerce and subvert the Constitution , and on the 18th Lord North brought in the Port Bill .
The Tribe of Levi served particular religious duties for the Israelites and had political responsibilities as well .	In return , the landed tribes were expected to give tithes to the Kohanim , the priests working in the Temple in Jerusalem , particularly the tithe known as the `` Maaser Rishon '' .
Francine Jordi ( born Francine Lehmann , 24 June 1977 ) is a Swiss pop singer .	As a young child , she sang songs for the Japanese tourists in Interlaken .
She won bronze medals at the 1991 World Championships and the 1992 Winter Olympics , silver medals at the 1992 World Championships and the 1994 Winter Olympics , and she was the 1993 US National Figure Skating Champion .	Kerrigan was inducted into the United States Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 2004 .
The Galia melon , also known as sarda in Southeast Asia , is a type of F hybrid melon originating from a cross between the green-flesh melon cultivar 'Ha-Ogen ' and the netted-rind melon cultivar 'Krimka ' .	Developed in Israel at the Ne´ve Yaar Research Center of the Agricultural Research Organisation by the melon breeder Dr. Zvi Karchi , and released in 1973 , the Galia melon was named after Karchi 's daughter , whose name means `` God 's wave '' in Hebrew .
Much of the Institution 's initial funding and the initial proposal for its founding were given by the Society for Bettering the Conditions and Improving the Comforts of the Poor , under the guidance of philanthropist Sir Thomas Bernard and American-born British scientist Sir Benjamin Thompson , Count Rumford .	Since its founding it has been based at 21 Albemarle Street in Mayfair .
Buket Bengisu ( born 19 July 1978 ) is a Turkish singer .	She finished her primary studies in Istanbul .
The colonists said it altered by parliamentary fiat the basic structure of colonial government .	They vehemently opposed it and would not let it operate .
It is one of the measures ( variously called the Intolerable Acts , the Punitive Acts or the Coercive Acts by many colonists ) that were designed to secure Britain 's jurisdiction over the American dominions .	These Acts included the Boston Port Act , the Massachusetts Government Act , and the Quebec Act .
He was also the head basketball coach for one season at the University of Chicago ( 1920–1921 ) , and the head baseball coach there for 19 seasons ( 1893–1905 , 1907–1913 ) .	At the University of Chicago , Stagg also instituted an annual prep basketball tournament and track meet .
Jessica Julie Anne Garlick ( born 1981 ) is a Welsh pop singer .	Garlick made her first steps into showbusiness when she was 16 .
It was produced and mixed by Neal Avron and released on September 26 , 2000 through Drive-Thru and MCA Records .	Featuring their breakthrough single `` Hit or Miss '' , the album was later certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) with shipments of 500,000 units .
García was born on 17 March 1805 either in Madrid , as has been traditionally stated , or in the town of Zafra in Badajoz Province , Spain .	His father was singer and teacher Manuel del Pópulo Vicente Rodriguez García ( Manuel García I , 1775–1832 ) .
It was mostly known as the centre and capital of Bactria or Tokharistan .	Marco Polo described Balkh as a `` noble and great city '' .
From 1834 to 1857 , and again from 1867 to 1873 , Toronto mayors were not elected directly by the public .	Instead , after each annual election of aldermen and councilmen , the assembled council would elect one of their members as mayor .
He was returned as an MP in the 2010 general election and was re-elected as Speaker when the House sat at the start of the new parliament on 18 May 2010 .	He was again returned as an MP in the 2015 general election and was re-elected , unopposed , as Speaker when the House sat at the start of the new parliaments on 18 May 2015 and 13 June 2017 .
SONAR integrates multi-track recording and editing of digital audio and MIDI .	The company also offers a full range of music software products , including Pyro Audio Creator—a digital music management program , and Dimension Pro—a virtual instrument .
In one case , her edited version is less explicit than Isaac 's original , where Isaac and `` a famous man '' debate anti-Semitism ( chapter 23 of the book ) .	The famous man voices opposition to scientists since some had aided the Holocaust , and Isaac replies that this is exactly the same as condemning the Jews for crucifying Jesus .
His most famous work is the autobiographical trilogy `` Cider with Rosie '' ( 1959 ) , `` As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning '' ( 1969 ) , and `` A Moment of War '' ( 1991 ) .	The first volume recounts his childhood in the Slad Valley .
Traditionally , city youths engaged in a night of mischievous or petty criminal behavior , usually consisting of minor pranks or acts of mild vandalism ( such as egging , soaping or waxing windows and doors , leaving rotten vegetables or flaming bags of canine feces on front porch stoops , or toilet papering trees and shrubs ) which caused little or no property damage .	However , in the early 1970s , the vandalism escalated to more destructive acts such as arson .
In the late 1990s , Lanier worked on applications for Internet2 , and in the 2000s , he was a visiting scholar at Silicon Graphics and various universities .	In 2006 he began to work at Microsoft , and from 2009 has worked at Microsoft Research as an Interdisciplinary Scientist .
Germany 's quest for a semi-automatic infantry rifle resulted in two designs – the G41 ( M ) and G41 ( W ) , from Mauser and Walther arms respectively .	The Mauser design was introduced in 1941 and at least 12,755 were made , but it proved unreliable in combat .
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada y Rivera , also spelled as De Quezada and Ximénez , ( ; 1496 – other sources state 1506 or 1509 Suesca , 16 February 1579 was a Spanish explorer and conquistador in northern South America , territories currently known as Colombia .	He explored the northern part of South America .
Roger Tory Peterson ( August 28 , 1908 – July 28 , 1996 ) was an American naturalist , ornithologist , artist , and educator , and held to be one of the founding inspirations for the 20th-century environmental movement .	Peterson was born in Jamestown , New York , August 28 , 1908 .
It is considered one of the top aviation and aerospace schools in America .	On December 17 , 1925 Talton Higbee Embry and John Paul Riddle founded the Embry-Riddle Company at Lunken Airport in Cincinnati , Ohio .
During the Hellenistic period , beginning with Ephorus , it was used as a calendar epoch .	Converting to the modern BC/AD dating system the first Olympiad began in the summer of 776 BC and lasted until the summer of 772 BC , when the second Olympiad would begin with the commencement of the next games .
Designers seek to imitate the flapping-wing flight of birds , bats , and insects .	Though machines may differ in form , they are usually built on the same scale as these flying creatures .
Bess Myerson ( July 16 , 1924 – December 14 , 2014 ) was an American politician , model and television actress who became famous in 1945 as the first Jewish Miss America .	Myerson is the only Jewish woman to win the title .
The name was coined by English archaeologist William Gowland , and later popularized by Reverend Walter Weston ( 1861–1940 ) , an English missionary for whom a memorial plaque is located at Kamikochi ( 上高地 ) , a tourist destination known for its alpine climate .	When Gowland coined the phrase , however , he was only referring to the Hida Mountains ( 飛騨山脈 ) .
Eber was a great-grandson of Noah 's son Shem and the father of Peleg born when Eber was 34 years old , and of Joktan .	He was the son of Shelah a distant ancestor of Abraham .
He received only four years of formal education in Russia .	In 1920 , amid the turmoil of the Russian Civil War , his family emigrated to the United States , settling in Brooklyn , New York .
The phrase `` longevity tradition '' may include `` purifications , rituals , longevity practices , meditations , and alchemy '' that have been believed to confer greater human longevity , especially in Chinese culture .	Modern science indicates various ways in which genetics , diet , and lifestyle affect human longevity .
It is also called an intravenous ( IV ) cannula .	Its size mainly ranges from 14 to 24 gauge .
Marie-Louise Fébronie Meilleur ( née Chassé ; August 29 , 1880 – April 16 , 1998 ) was a French Canadian supercentenarian .	Meilleur is the oldest validated Canadian ever and upon the death of longevity world record holder Jeanne Calment , became the world 's oldest recognized living person .
By land area , it is the largest in Ontario and the fifth largest in Canada .	It is administratively a single-tier municipality , and thus not part of any district , county , or regional municipality .
Washington served as a major trading point along the Southwest Trail , evolving into the Hempstead county seat and later the capital of Arkansas from 1863 to 1865 when Little Rock was threatened during the Civil War .	The original plat of Washington was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 as the Washington Historic District .
Margaret Eloise Knight ( February 14 , 1838 – October 12 , 1914 ) was an American inventor , notably of the flat-bottomed paper bag .	She has been called `` the most famous 19th-century woman inventor '' .
As of 2010–11 , the SHL was the world 's most evenly matched professional ice hockey league .	During the 2011–12 season , the SHL was the most well attended ice hockey league in Europe , averaging 6,385 spectators per game , however in 2013–14 , the SHL was third best in Europe , with an attendance average of 5,978 .
Mary 's father , John Dixon , was a farmer born in 1679 in Ulster , Ireland .	Her mother , Janet Kennedy , was John Dixon 's third wife .
Vegetative reproduction ( also known as vegetative propagation , vegetative multiplication or vegetative cloning ) is any form of asexual reproduction occurring in plants in which a new plant grows from a fragment of the parent plant or a specialized reproductive structure .	Many plants naturally reproduce this way , but it can also be induced artificially .
Depending on the state , state highway may be used for one meaning and state road or state route for the other .	In some countries such as New Zealand , the word `` state '' is used in its sense of a nation .
The Southwest Trail , also known as the Old Military Road , replaced the older Natchitoches Trace , which ran from the mouth of the Missouri River , near present-day St. Louis , Missouri to present-day Fulton , Arkansas on the Red River .	From Fulton , another American Indian trace followed the Red River to Natchitoches , Louisiana .
Following a single-vehicle accident in which he was a passenger , Snyder was injured and fell into a coma as a result .	He died six days later of septic shock .
Regular Baptists members `` of a moderately Calvinistic Baptist sect that is found chiefly in the southern U.S. , represents the original English Baptists before the division into Particular and General Baptists , and observes closed communion and foot washing '' , according to Merriam Webster .	The `` Baptist Bulletin '' of the General Association of Regular Baptist Churches defines them simply as groups who believe `` orthodox , Baptist doctrine '' and `` affirm the rule or measure of the Scripture . ''
The term is usually used disapprovingly against more serious hard news .	Many existing , self-described infotainment websites and social media apps provide a variety of functions and services .
The Baptist Bible Union ( BBU ) of 1923 was the forerunner to the GARBC .	The final meeting of the BBU in 1932 in Chicago was the first meeting of the GARBC .
Kardashian was born in Los Angeles , California .	He has a sister and brother , Barbara and Tom Kardashian .
He was a gliderman of the 320th Glider Field Artillery Battalion , 82nd Airborne Division .	He saw action during the Invasion of Normandy , and Operation Market Garden .
Leo Calvin Rosten ( April 11 , 1908 – February 19 , 1997 ) was a Polish-born American humorist in the fields of scriptwriting , storywriting , journalism , and Yiddish lexicography .	He was also a political scientist interested especially in the relationship of politics and the media .
Among his film works is `` Motion Painting No .	1 '' ( 1947 ) , which is now listed on the National Film Registry of the U.S. Library of Congress .
This was useful since after a computer was powered down , it was necessary to wait a few seconds before powering it up again to avoid potential damage to the power supply and hard drive .	Since software developers and technical writers would need to restart a computer many times , this key combination was a big time-saver .
Doubleday is an American publishing company founded as Doubleday & McClure Company in 1897 that by 1947 was the largest in the United States .	It published the work of mostly U.S. authors under a number of imprints and distributed them through its own stores .
Olive oil is the most ancient and commonly used vegetable fat in Albanian cooking produced since antiquity throughout the country particularly along the coasts .	Hospitality is a fundamental custom of Albanian society and serving food is integral to the hosting of guests and visitors .
The biology of nearly all the species is poorly known .	The monotypic `` Angka hexops '' has only six eyes , with the posterior median eyes missing .
These differences in string thickness follow from well-understood acoustic properties of strings .	Given two strings , equally taut and heavy , one twice as long as the other , the longer would vibrate with a pitch one octave lower than the shorter .
She was the founder of the Social-Democratic Party of Albania in 1943 .	Kokalari was the first female writer of Albania .
Esalen was founded by Stanford graduates Michael Murphy and Dick Price in 1962 .	Their intention was to support alternative methods for exploring human consciousness , what Aldous Huxley described as `` human potentialities '' .
In the aftermath of the scandal , Richard Armitage in the U.S. Department of State was identified as one source of the information , and I. Lewis `` Scooter '' Libby , Chief of Staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , was convicted of lying to investigators .	After a failed appeal , President George W. Bush commuted Libby 's sentence , and in 2018 President Donald Trump pardoned him .
The Chief Justice of Canada ( ) is the presiding judge of the nine-member Supreme Court of Canada , the highest judicial body in Canada .	As such , the chief justice is the highest-ranking judge of the Canadian court system .
The current Deputy Prime Minister is Winston Peters , the Leader of New Zealand First .	Generally , the position is held by the deputy leader of the largest party , but now that the MMP electoral system makes coalitions more likely , the role may instead go to the leader of a junior party .
As such , it was an extremely expensive item .	For some time after its invention , the piano was largely owned by royalty ( e.g .
Other than honorary appointments no new admirals of the fleet have been named since 1995 .	The origins of the rank can be traced back to Sir John de Beauchamp , 1st Baron Beauchamp de Warwick , who was appointed 'Admiral of the King 's Southern , Northern and Western Fleets ' on 18 July 1360 .
The argument from inconsistent revelations , also known as the avoiding the wrong hell problem , is an argument against the existence of God .	It asserts that it is unlikely that God exists because many theologians and faithful adherents have produced conflicting and mutually exclusive revelations .
The dunnock ( `` Prunella modularis '' ) is a small passerine , or perching bird , found throughout temperate Europe and into Asia .	Dunnocks have also been successfully introduced into New Zealand .
It printed its final issue in December 2009 .	The Hong Kong–based business magazine was originally published weekly .
Because of this it is also known as algebraic quantum field theory ( AQFT ) .	The axioms are stated in terms of an algebra given for every open set in Minkowski space , and mappings between those .
Many cultures have used reeds in construction of buildings of various types .	`` Phragmites australis '' , the common reed , is used in many areas for thatching roofs .
The term can also be used to describe the workers operating these engines or engaged in directing shunting operations .	The typical switcher is optimised for its job , being relatively low-powered but with a high starting tractive effort for getting heavy cars rolling quickly .
It is unique in being both a garden city and a new town and exemplifies the physical , social and cultural planning ideals of the periods in which it was built .	Welwyn Garden City was founded by Sir Ebenezer Howard in 1920 following his previous experiment in Letchworth Garden City .
A single species , T. gregarium , is known .	Examples of `` Tullimonstrum '' have been found only in the Mazon Creek fossil beds of Illinois , United States .
Soon after forming they were joined by Jack Howard on trumpet and keyboards , Jeremy Smith on French horn , guitars and keyboards , and Michael Waters on trombone and keyboards .	Also acknowledged as a founder was engineer and art designer Robert Miles .
A tank locomotive or tank engine is a steam locomotive that carries its water in one or more on-board water tanks , instead of a more traditional tender .	A tank engine may also have a bunker ( or oil tank ) to hold fuel .
The maternal mortality ratio is a key performance indicator for efforts to improve the health and safety of mothers before , during , and after childbirth per country worldwide .	Often referred to as MMR , it is the annual number of female deaths per 100,000 live births from any cause related to or aggravated by pregnancy or its management ( excluding accidental or incidental causes ) .
The Mexican economy is strongly linked to those of its North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) partners , especially the United States .	Mexico was the first Latin American member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , joining in 1994 .
I-691 is also known as the Henry D. Altobello Highway for its entire length .	I-691 is the main east–west highway of the city of Meriden .
He was foremost amongst the men king Henry `` raised from the dust '' .	He married Lescelina .
`` Porphyria 's Lover '' is a poem by Robert Browning which was first published as `` Porphyria '' in the January 1836 issue of `` Monthly Repository '' .	Browning later republished it in `` Dramatic Lyrics '' ( 1842 ) paired with `` Johannes Agricola in Meditation '' under the title `` Madhouse Cells '' .
In March 1943 , after the American landing in North Africa , he was one of the few senior officials of Vichy to join the Free French .	He left for Algiers , via Spain , where he joined General Henri Giraud .
The dying King Ladislaus preferred Álmos to Coloman when nominating his heir in early 1095 .	Coloman fled from Hungary but returned around 19 July 1095 when his uncle died .
In computer science and software engineering , reusability is the use of existing `` assets '' in some form within the software product development process ; these `` assets '' are products and by-products of the software development life cycle and include code , software components , test suites , designs and documentation .	The opposite concept of `` reusability '' is leverage , which modifies existing assets as needed to meet specific system requirements .
Adélie Land ( `` French : Terre Adélie '' ) is a claimed territory on the continent of Antarctica .	It stretches from a coastline area along the Great Southern Ocean inland all the way to the South Pole .
Cockroaches live in nests .	Therefore , killing a few roaches that happen to wander into a trap is an inadequate means of controlling the pest .
Another applicable , but less often used label , for multi or mixed research is methodological pluralism .	All of these approaches to professional and academic research emphasize that monomethod research can be improved through the use of multiple data , methods , Research , methodologies , perspectives , standpoints , and paradigms .
It was the BBC 's third national radio network , the other two being the Home Service ( mainly speech-based ) and the Light Programme , principally devoted to light entertainment and music .	The Third Programme was replaced by BBC Radio 3 on 4 April 1970 .
The German Communist Party ( , ) is a minor communist party in Germany .	The DKP supports far-left positions and was an observer member of the European Left .
These formations may have resulted from carcass burial in an anoxic environment with minimal bacteria , thus delaying decomposition .	`` Lagerstätten '' span geological time from the Neoproterozoic era to the present .
The film received the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and a nomination for Best Original Screenplay .	The film consists of several thematically linked scenes : five gatherings of a group of bourgeois friends , and the four dreams of different characters .
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States federal government complex located at 200 N.W .	5th Street in Downtown Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States .
Used for burning solid fuel , usually charcoal , braziers principally provide heat , but may also be used for cooking and cultural rituals .	Braziers have been recovered from many early archaeological sites like the Nimrud brazier , recently excavated by the Iraqi National Museum , which dates back to at least 824 BC .
The Southern Baptists of Texas Convention ( SBTC ) is a convention of conservative Southern Baptist churches in Texas .	It is supportive of the national Southern Baptist Convention .
Dialects are linguistic varieties which may differ in pronunciation , vocabulary , spelling and grammar .	For the classification of varieties of English in terms of pronunciation only , see Regional accents of English .
`` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' is an English language nursery rhyme of nineteenth-century American origin .	It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7622 .
A spade is a tool primarily for digging , comprising a blade – typically narrower and less curved than that of a shovel – and a long handle .	Early spades were made of riven wood or of animal bones ( often shoulder blades ) .
Following the introduction of the Railways Act 2005 and Transport ( Wales ) Act 2006 , responsibility for the franchise was held by the devolved Welsh Government .	Arriva Trains Wales ' franchise expired in October 2018 , and the company did not bid to renew .
Tangerine Computer Systems was a British microcomputer company founded in 1979 by Dr. Paul Johnson , Mark Rainer and Nigel Penton Tilbury in St. Ives , Cambridgeshire .	The very first product was the successful TAN1648 VDU kit which received much acclaim in the technical press .
Unprivileged ( regular ) users who wish to change the group membership of a file that they own may use chgrp .	The ownership of any file in the system may only be altered by a super-user .
Without such an axiom , such a set might not provably exist .	Important countability axioms for topological spaces include :
The culture of Swazi people involves music , food , religion , architecture , and kinship , among many other things .	The Swazi people are composed of various Nguni clans who speak the Nguni language SiSwati .
After Nemanja , all monarchs used `` Stefan '' as a personal name , a tradition adopted for the royal pretensions .	The monarchs began as Grand Princes , and with the crowning of Stefan Nemanjić in 1217 , the realm was promoted to a Kingdom , and the Serbian Church was established .
Concrete implementation usually requires the requesting object to invoke a `` method '' or `` member function '' using a reference or pointer to the memory location of the controlled object .	The objects that are related via the association are considered to act in a role with respect to the association , if object 's current state in the active situation allows the other associated objects to use the object in the manner specified by the role .
A distinction is typically made between graduate schools ( where courses of study vary in the degree to which they provide training for a particular profession ) and professional schools , which offer specialized advanced degrees in professional fields such as medicine , nursing , business , engineering , speech-language pathology , or law .	The distinction between graduate schools and professional schools is not absolute , as various professional schools offer graduate degrees and vice versa .
`` For the Vanden Plas Princess 4-litre , see Austin Princess . ''	The Princess is a version of the Austin A99 Westminster produced by BMC from 1959 to 1968 , latterly under the Vanden Plas marque .
The GRE is owned and administered by Educational Testing Service ( ETS ) .	The test was established in 1936 by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching .
All Things Considered ( ATC ) is the flagship news program on the American network National Public Radio ( NPR ) .	It was the first news program on NPR , premiering on May 3 , 1971 .
Born around 1270 , his given name is not recorded , only that he belonged to a Serbian noble family .	He was endowed with a fine intellect and a noble disposition ; he had received an excellent education at the hands of the most learned men in Medieval Serbia and in Byzantium .
The 2018 model year Prius Eco ranks as the second most fuel efficient gasoline-powered car available in the US without plug-in capability , following the Hyundai Ioniq `` Blue '' .	The Prius first went on sale in Japan and other countries in 1997 , and was available at all four Toyota Japan dealerships , making it the first mass-produced hybrid vehicle .
He represented Puebla 's 1st district in the Chamber of Deputies from 1943 to 1946 .	Subsequently he represented the same state in the Chamber of Senators from 1946 to 1952 becoming closely acquainted with then-senator Adolfo López Mateos .
The perpetrator , Richard Reid , was subdued by passengers after unsuccessfully attempting to detonate plastic explosives concealed within his shoes .	The flight was diverted to Logan International Airport in Boston , under escort by American jet fighters , and safely landed without further incident .
The whip-poor-will is commonly heard within its range , but less often seen because of its camouflage .	It is named onomatopoeically after its song .
It is very similar and overlaps in range with the closely related yellow-billed cuckoo .	A distinguishing characteristic of family Cuculidae is laying eggs in the nests of other birds .
In 1999 , the band independently released their self-titled EP ( referred to as `` The Green Album '' ) .	At this time , they were also opening for bands such as Amen , Disturbed , Nickelback and Nothingface .
A strong partisan of English interests in France during the latter years of the Hundred Years ' War , his role in arranging the execution of Joan of Arc led most subsequent observers to condemn his extension of secular politics into an ecclesiastical trial .	The Catholic Church overturned his verdict in 1456 .
The raison d'être for this technique is the performance characteristics of the modern automotive tire .	The tires on your car have a specific maximum amount of grip ( one component of 'grip ' being friction ) .
The Mexico City policy , sometimes referred to by critics as the global gag rule , is a United States government policy that blocks U.S. federal funding for non-governmental organizations that provide abortion counselling or referrals , advocate to decriminalize abortion or expand abortion services .	The Mexico City Policy is a U.S. government policy that – when in effect – has required foreign non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) to certify that they will not `` perform or actively promote abortion as a method of family planning '' with non-U.S. funds as a condition for receiving U.S. global family planning assistance and , as of January 23 , 2017 , any other U.S. global health assistance , including U.S. global HIV ( under PEPFAR ) and maternal and child health ( MCH ) assistance .
One popular method is to assess strategies based on their degree of aggressiveness .	Aggressiveness strategies are rated according to their marketing assertiveness , their risk propensity , financial leverage , product innovation , speed of decision making , amongst others .
Sometimes , especially in the 19th century and modern examples , a `` modesty panel '' is placed in front , between the pedestals , to hide the legs and knees of the user from anyone else sitting or standing in front .	This variation is sometimes called a `` panel desk '' .
FairPlay was a digital rights management ( DRM ) technology developed by Apple Inc .	It is built into the MP4 multimedia file format as an encrypted AAC audio layer , and is used by the company to protect copyrighted works sold through iTunes Store , allowing only authorized devices to play the content .
4 in August 2002 .	She won WTA tour events on all surfaces during her career : hard , clay , grass and carpet .
of Journalism in 1934 .	She worked as a grade school teacher from 1934 to 1973 and became a correspondent for the `` Muskegon Chronicle '' in 1951 , a job that lasted until 1972 , the year before she retired from teaching .
Most pastors of the Fellowship are alumni of Liberty University .	In 1994 , the `` Liberty Baptist Fellowship '' had 100 churches , including the 21,000 member Thomas Road church , which was also affiliated with the Baptist Bible Fellowship International .
Yazhou Zhoukan ( ) is a Chinese language international affairs newsweekly .	`` Yazhou Zhoukan '' is now published by Yanzhou Zhoukan Limited , a subsidiary of Media Chinese International Limited ( based in Malaysia ) .
A conceptual graph ( CG ) is a formalism for knowledge representation .	In the first published paper on CGs , John F. Sowa used them to represent the conceptual schemas used in database systems .
The Gulf fritillary or passion butterfly ( Agraulis vanillae ) is a bright orange butterfly of the family Nymphalidae and subfamily Heliconiinae .	That subfamily was formerly set apart as a separate family , the Heliconiidae .
In science , engineering , and other quantitative disciplines , orders of approximation refer to formal or informal expressions for how accurate an approximation is .	In formal expressions , the ordinal number used before the word order refers to the highest term in the series expansion used in the approximation .
The word diploma also refers to an academic award which is given after the completion of study in different courses such as diploma in higher education , diploma in graduation or diploma in post graduation etc .	Historically , it can also refer to a charter or official document , thus diplomatic , diplomat and diplomacy via the `` Codex Juris Gentium Diplomaticus '' .
He is a correspondent for `` CBS Sunday Morning '' , the host and creator of `` My Grandmother 's Ravioli '' on the Cooking Channel , and also the host of `` The Henry Ford 's Innovation Nation '' on CBS .	He is the moderator of the National Geographic Society 's National Geographic Bee .
Deguchi Nao , a housewife from the tiny town of Ayabe , Kyoto Prefecture , declared that she had a `` spirit dream '' at the Japanese New Year in 1892 , becoming possessed ( `` kamigakari '' ) by Ushitora no Konjin and starting to transmit his words .	According to the official Oomoto biography of Deguchi , she came from a family which had long been in poverty , and had pawned nearly all of her possessions to feed her children and invalid husband .
A modeling language is any artificial language that can be used to express information or knowledge or systems in a structure that is defined by a consistent set of rules .	The rules are used for interpretation of the meaning of components in the structure .
Photographic quantity ( also known as photoquantity ) is a measure of the amount of light received by a sensor , such as a camera , in dimensionless units that account for information lost by integration over the spectral response of the sensor , while otherwise preserving the linear relationship involved in the interaction of light through one or more exposures .	The photoquantity is neither radiometric nor photometric .
The Rossano Gospels , designated by 042 or Σ ( in the Gregory-Aland numbering ) , ε 18 ( Soden ) , at the cathedral of Rossano in Italy , is a 6th-century illuminated manuscript Gospel Book written following the reconquest of the Italian peninsula by the Byzantine Empire .	Also known as Codex purpureus Rossanensis due to the reddish-purple ( `` purpureus '' in Latin ) appearance of its pages , the codex is one of the oldest surviving illuminated manuscripts of the New Testament .
In October 1968 , Tiger Force 's parent battalion was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation by President Lyndon B. Johnson , which included a mention of Tiger Force 's service at Đắk Tô in June 1966 .	On October 19 , 2003 , Michael D. Sallah , a reporter at `` The Blade '' ( Toledo ) newspaper , obtained unreleased , confidential records of U.S. Army commander Henry Tufts .
Occasionally , TVB Pearl also shows programmes in other languages ( but usually well outside peak viewing time ) , including Mandarin , Japanese and Korean ( see # Non-English programmes ) .	Established on 19 November 1967 , TVB Pearl broadcasts free of charge to over 2.1 million households in Hong Kong .
Josephus Emile Hamilton Stevenot ( 23 December 1888 – 8 June 1943 ) was an American entrepreneur and U.S. Army officer in the Philippines with many accomplishments , but today mostly remembered in the Boy Scouts of the Philippines as its founder .	Josephus Emile Hamilton `` Joe '' Stevenot was born in Melones , California to Emile Knoepffler Stevenot ( 1846–1906 ) and Sarah Elisabeth Hamilton Stephens Stevenot ( 1855–1928 ) .
Ragweeds are flowering plants in the genus Ambrosia in the aster family , Asteraceae .	They are distributed in the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas , especially North America , where the origin and center of diversity of the genus are in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico .
THG was developed completely in secret by Arnold as a designer drug , on the basis that doping testers would be unlikely to detect a totally new compound .	Arnold developed a chemical similar to two obscure steroids marketed by BALCO , norbolethone and desoxymethyltestosterone , which had been reported in scientific literature but never entered mass production , and the banned anabolic steroids trenbolone and gestrinone , the latter of which was used to synthesize it .
Scoliid wasps are solitary parasitoids of scarab beetle larvae .	Female scoliids burrow into the ground in search of these larvae and then use their sting to paralyze them .
Carbohydrate loading is generally recommended for endurance events lasting longer than 90 minutes .	Many endurance athletes prefer foods with low glycemic indices for carbo-loading due to their minimal effect on serum glucose levels .
The Old Time Radio Researchers Group reports 42 extant episodes in MP3 circulation .	The series was first aired in 1964-65 .
The reference to them as separate states should be considered clearly erroneous , given that when Liu Yao changed the name of the state from Han to Zhao in 319 , he treated the state as having been continuous from the time that Liu Yuan founded it in 304 ; instead , he de-established royal lineage to the Han Dynasty and claimed ancestry directly from Yu the Great of the Xia Dynasty .	The reason it was also referred to as Former Zhao was that when the powerful general Shi Le broke away and formed his own state in 319 , later it was also conditionally named Zhao as well , and so in the Chinese historiography Shi Le 's state was referred to as Later Zhao . )
The Pallas 's grasshopper warbler ( `` Helopsaltes certhiola '' ) is an Old World warbler in the grass warbler genus `` Helopsaltes '' .	It breeds in east Asia .
It was founded by Liu Min ( ) , formerly known as Liu Chong ( ) , and lasted from 951 to 979 .	The short-lived state of Later Han fell in 950 .
The lanceolated warbler ( `` Locustella lanceolata '' ) is an Old World warbler in the grass warbler genus `` Locustella '' .	It breeds from northeast European Russia across northern Asia to northern Hokkaidō , Japan .
A prolific striker , he has scored over 300 goals in a career spanning 19 years .	At international level , Crespo scored 35 goals and is Argentina 's fourth highest goalscorer behind only Sergio Agüero , Gabriel Batistuta and Lionel Messi .
The river warbler ( `` Locustella fluviatilis '' ) is an Old World warbler in the grass warbler genus `` Locustella '' .	It breeds in east and central Europe into western Asia .
This small passerine bird is found in reed beds , usually with some bushes .	Three to six eggs are laid in a nest in reeds .
This is a list of broadcast television stations serving cities in the U.S. state of Hawaii .	Each of the three municipal counties — Honolulu County , Maui County and Hawaii County — has its own set of stations .
He remained active in the industry into his late 80s , more than 70 years after entering it .	His best-known works include `` St. George and the Dragonet '' , `` '' , his role on the television series `` Time for Beany '' , and a number of classic television commercials .
It originated in India .	Both the leaves and the seed‑like fruit ( often mistakenly called seeds ) of the plant are consumed by humans .
Basil is native to tropical regions from central Africa to Southeast Asia .	It is a tender plant , and is used in cuisines worldwide .
The Acrocephalus warblers are small , insectivorous passerine birds belonging to the genus `` Acrocephalus '' .	Formerly in the paraphyletic Old World warbler assemblage , they are now separated as the namesake of the marsh and tree warbler family Acrocephalidae .
The Herero Wars were a series of colonial wars between the German Empire and the Herero people of German South West Africa ( present-day Namibia ) .	The Hereros were cattle grazers , occupying most of central and northern South West Africa .
It is part of the IEEE 802.1 group of networking protocols .	It provides an authentication mechanism to devices wishing to attach to a LAN or WLAN .
The genus name `` Acrocephalus '' is from Ancient Greek `` akros '' , `` highest '' , and `` kephale '' , `` head '' .	It is possible that Naumann and Naumann thought `` akros '' meant `` sharp-pointed '' .
`` Note : Delaware is served by four TV markets : Philadelphia ( DMA # 4 ) , Salisbury/Dover ( DMA # 144 ) , Baltimore ( DMA # 28 ) , and Washington DC ( DMA # 9 ) .	See , , and , and for details . ''
They can be formed from modified shoots , modified leaves , or auxiliary branches and are sensitive to chemicals , often determining the direction of growth , as in species of `` Cuscuta '' .	The earliest and most comprehensive study of tendrils was Charles Darwin 's monograph `` On the Movements and Habits of Climbing Plants , '' which was originally published in 1865 .
BOINC development originated with a team based at the Space Sciences Laboratory ( SSL ) at the University of California , Berkeley and led by David Anderson , who also leads SETI @ home .	As a high-performance distributed computing platform , BOINC brings together about 311,742 active participants and 834,343 active computers ( hosts ) worldwide processing on average 26.431 PetaFLOPS .
Tagaytay overlooks Taal Lake in Batangas and provides views of Taal Volcano Island in the middle of the lake through various vantage points situated in the city .	Tagaytay is relatively close to the capital city of Manila , only away via Aguinaldo Highway , providing an easy escape for the locals from the heat of the huge metropolis .
He spent the first decade of his playing career playing in Italy , most notably with Napoli , alongside Diego Maradona and Careca , where he was able to win the Serie A title , and at Parma , where he won the Italian Super Cup and the UEFA Cup .	He later moved to English side Chelsea , where he was voted the Football Writers ' Player of the Year in the 1996–97 season .
Ameiva , commonly called jungle-runners , is a genus of whiptail lizards that belongs to the family Teiidae .	Member species of the genus `` Ameiva '' are found in South America and Central America .
( 2002 ) re-examined the nomenclature for this genus and split it into the two genera `` Aspidoscelis '' and `` Cnemidophorus '' .	A further split in 2012 by Harvey , Ugueto , & Gutberlet added the genus `` Ameivula '' .
Commonly known as desert tegus , there are three described species .	Desert tegus are found in South America , specifically in Peru and Ecuador .
The genus Dracaena ( romanized form of the Ancient Greek δράκαινα - `` drakaina '' , `` female dragon '' ) , also called caiman lizards or water tegu , is in the teiid family , along with tegus and ameivas .	Caiman lizards are found in South America in Ecuador , Colombia , Paraguay , Peru and Brazil .
Kentropyx is a genus of whiptail lizards in the family Teiidae .	The genus is endemic to South America including Trinidad and Barbados .
Tegus that have escaped or have been illegally released have adapted and are increasing in several Florida counties including rural and suburban ( especially south Miami-Dade and Hillsborough ) counties , agricultural areas ( especially Homestead and unincorporated Miami-Dade County , Florida ) and publicly owned conservation areas ( especially Southern Glades Environmental and Wildlife Area and southeast margin of Everglades National Park ) of South Florida See invasive species website ( www.IVE-GOT-1.org ) for details with specific locations of credible observations and voucher specimens .	In 2012 a number of tegu species were reclassified from `` Tupinambis '' to the previously used genus `` Salvator '' .
`` RELAX Core '' has been approved as an ISO/IEC Technical Report 22250-1 in 2002 ( ISO/IEC TR 22250-1:2002 ) .	It was developed by ISO/IEC JTC1/SC34 ( ISO/IEC Joint Technical Committee 1 , Subcommittee 34 - Document description and processing languages ) .
Huber is the founder and guiding teacher of Zen Monastery Peace Center located in Murphys , California , which was constructed in 1993 .	The plot of land was purchased in 1987 , with .
The ripe , dried , and sometimes toasted pod is often ground into `` carob powder '' , which is used to replace cocoa powder .	`` Carob bars '' , an alternative to chocolate bars , as well as carob treats , are often available in health food stores .
Domenico Ghirardelli , Sr. was born on February 21 , 1817 , in Rapallo , Italy , to Giuseppe and Maddalena ( Ferretto ) Ghirardelli .	His father was a spice merchant in Genoa .
Today , it is a social custom in most parts of the world for athletes to wear some clothing , normally covering the athletes ' crotch , and for women their breasts , but there are also some cultures in the tropics in which sports are played in the nude or partially nude .	It was a norm in Ancient Greece for athletes to exercise and compete in the nude .
Pacific Southwest Airlines ( PSA ) was a United States airline headquartered in San Diego , California , that operated from 1949 to 1988 .	It was the first large discount airline in the United States .
Widely regarded as a veteran pro-Beijing newspaper , it covers a range of political , economic and cultural topics .	The current circulation of `` Ta Kung Pao '' newspaper is estimated to be 400,000 copies ( in print ) , of which 160,000 copies are distributed in Hong Kong , 210,000 in Mainland China , and 30,000 for the rest of the world .
Founded in 1910 as Rockhurst College , the school is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities .	Rockhurst University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission , and the Helzberg School of Management recently gained accreditation by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business ( AACSB ) .
Structurally , it is a saponin used as an emulsifier and gel-forming agent in foodstuffs and cosmetics .	Its aglycone is enoxolone assessed as a prodrug used in Japan to reduce the risk of liver cancer in people with chronic hepatitis C .
Flight 182 impacted just north of the intersection of Dwight and Nile , killing all 135 people aboard the aircraft and seven people on the ground in houses , including two children .	The Cessna impacted on Polk Ave. between 32nd St. and Iowa St. killing the two on board .
East Week ( , Jyutping : dung1 zau1 hon1 ) is a Hong Kong-based weekly Chinese language magazine which was established by Oriental Group on 29 October 1992 and sold to the Emperor Group in September 2001 .	It is now owned by Global China Group Holdings Limited , and published by China Touch Media Solutions & Services Limited .
According to the , it has a population of people .	Some accounts indicate that the city of Bacoor , also named Bakood or Bakoor , was founded as a `` pueblo '' or town in 1671 .
Bernard Edwards ( October 31 , 1952 – April 18 , 1996 ) was the American bass player , singer , songwriter and record producer , known primarily for his work in disco music with guitarist Nile Rodgers , with whom he co-founded Chic .	In 2017 , Edwards was selected as the 53rd greatest bassist of all time by `` Bass Player '' magazine .
Tree Regular Expressions for XML ( TREX ) is a simple schema language for XML .	Tony TREX arms author , James Clark , says :
Since then it has been evolving into a system used and further developed by both scientists and artists working with sound .	It is an efficient and expressive dynamic programming language providing a framework for acoustic research , algorithmic music , interactive programming and live coding .
He went on to manage Newcastle United , Fulham and Manchester City , winning promotion as champions in his first full season at all three clubs , and also the England national team .	As a player in the 1970s and 1980s , he has been described as `` arguably the first superstar English player to attract the modern media spotlight '' .
It was the first blood test for syphilis and the first in the nontreponemal test ( NTT ) category .	Newer NTTs , such as the RPR and VDRL tests , have mostly replaced it .
The party was founded by the Anglo-French multi-millionaire businessman and politician James Goldsmith in November 1994 .	A Eurosceptic who had previously had close links to the UK 's governing Conservative Party , he was also an elected Member of the European Parliament for the Movement for France party .
Stranger than Fiction is the eighth full-length studio album ( tenth release overall ) by Bad Religion , released in 1994 ( see 1994 in music ) .	`` Stranger Than Fiction '' was their first album released on the major label Atlantic Records ( although that label re-released the previous album , `` Recipe for Hate '' ) , and also its last release with guitarist Brett Gurewitz , who left just prior to the album 's 1994-1995 world tour , only to return to the band seven years later .
Founded in 1996 after Clyde Smoll moved the Elmira Pioneers to Lowell , Massachusetts , the Spinners play in the New York–Penn League , which has a Class A Short Season classification with 76 games a year , 38 of which are at home .	The official mascots of the Spinners are Canaligator , Allie-Gator , and Millie-Gator .
Bennett Metcalfe ( October 31 , 1919 – October 14 , 2003 ) was a Canadian journalist and first chairman of Greenpeace , founded 1971 .	Ben Metcalfe was born in Winnipeg .
As a basis is a generating set that is linearly independent , the theorem is a consequence of the following theorem , which is also useful :	In particular if is finitely generated , then all its bases are finite and have the same number of elements .
A browser exploit is a form of malicious code that takes advantage of a flaw or vulnerability in an operating system or piece of software with the intent to breach browser security to alter a user 's browser settings without their knowledge .	Malicious code may exploit ActiveX , HTML , images , Java , JavaScript , and other Web technologies and cause the browser to run arbitrary code .
It also features Stefania Casini , Flavio Bucci , Miguel Bosé , Alida Valli , Udo Kier and Joan Bennett , in her final film role .	The film is the first of the trilogy Argento refers to as `` The Three Mothers '' , which also comprises `` Inferno '' ( 1980 ) and `` The Mother of Tears '' ( 2007 ) .
It was defined by a committee specification of the OASIS RELAX NG technical committee in 2001 and 2002 , based on Murata Makoto 's RELAX and James Clark 's TREX , and also by part two of the international standard ISO/IEC 19757 : Document Schema Definition Languages ( DSDL ) .	ISO/IEC 19757-2 was developed by ISO/IEC JTC1/SC34 and published in its first version in 2003 .
He used the profits from his stores to buy large tracts of real estate .	He helped form the first vigilance committee in San Francisco and was disfellowshiped from the LDS church because of his actions within the vigilance committee .
The enslavement of children can be traced back through history .	Even after the abolition of slavery , children continue to be enslaved and trafficked in modern times , which is a particular problem in developing countries .
The creek rises on the western slopes of the Mount Lofty Ranges near Crafers and flows generally in a west-north-west direction through the suburb of Brown Hill Creek , south of Brown Hill , a prominent hill rising immediately south-east of Mitcham village , and beneath the historic Keystone Bridge in Mitcham itself , the vicinity traditionally known as Wirraparinga .	From Mitcham the creek continues along a north-western path through Torrens Park , Hawthorn , Unley Park , Millswood and Forestville before flowing into a constructed drain at Forestville Reserve .
The company has a team of more than 3,900 employees , operating more than 800 daily flights to nearly 100 destinations on behalf of American Airlines .	Headquartered in Dayton , Ohio , PSA also has flight crew bases located in Cincinnati , Ohio ; Knoxville , Tennessee ; Washington , D.C. ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and Norfolk , Virginia .
The game was designed by Tim Sweeney and took roughly nine months to develop , including the game 's scripting language , ZZT-oop .	The game was thought to be an acronym for `` Zoo of Zero Tolerance '' , but Sweeney actually picked that name so it would be listed last alphabetically on the software catalog .
Amorphous metals are non-crystalline , and have a glass-like structure .	But unlike common glasses , such as window glass , which are typically electrical insulators , amorphous metals have good electrical conductivity .
He was educated at Harris Academy , leaving in 1917 with five higher leaving certificate passes .	After working as an assistant registrar of births , deaths and marriages in Dundee from 1918 to 1920 , he began a career in journalism as a reporter with `` The Courier '' , a Dundee newspaper .
Under his legal name , he has written four novels .	He is also a university teacher and the curator of Wesley Stace 's Cabinet of Wonders .
At the top of the hill was the acropolis , with the temple complex of Athena Kameiras and the stoa .	A covered reservoir having a capacity of 600 cubic meters of water—enough for up to 400 families—was constructed about the sixth century BC .
Hippolais is a genus of tree warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .	It is sometimes lumped together with the genus `` Iduna '' .
The range of this genus extends from Europe to southeast Asia .	The genus gets its name from the Cetti 's warbler , itself named after the 18th century Italian zoologist Francesco Cetti .
The megalurid bush warblers are related to the grass warblers of `` Locustella '' and `` Megalurus '' , but share lifestyle and related adaptations and apomorphies with `` Cettia '' , the other genus of bush warblers .	These belong to an older lineage of Sylvioidea .
It generalizes to commutative algebra the notion of size inherent in consideration of the degree of a pole or multiplicity of a zero in complex analysis , the degree of divisibility of a number by a prime number in number theory , and the geometrical concept of contact between two algebraic or analytic varieties in algebraic geometry .	A field with a valuation on it is called a valued field .
The extensor hallucis longus is a thin muscle , situated between the tibialis anterior and the extensor digitorum longus , that functions to extend the big toe and dorsiflects the foot , and assists with foot eversion and inversion .	It arises from the anterior surface of the fibula for about the middle two-fourths of its extent , medial to the origin of the Extensor digitorum longus ; it also arises from the interosseous membrane to a similar extent .
Most of the conversions from the Atari Lynx original to other formats were carried out by Images Software in the UK .	The game was re-released on Steam on May 28 , 2015 , along with a sequel , Chip 's Challenge 2 , which was also designed by Sommerville .
Six species of `` Pseudocordylus '' are known ; they are distinguished from girdled lizards of the genus `` Cordylus '' by the presence of granular scales on the back instead of osteoderms .	However , recent molecular data places `` Pseudocordylus '' within `` Cordylus '' .
Ski boots were leather winter boots , held to the ski with leather straps .	As skiing became more specialized , so too did ski boots , leading to the splitting of designs between those for alpine skiing and cross-country skiing .
As of 2017 , over 82million units have been sold .	Most Tamagotchi are housed in a small egg-shaped computer with an interface usually consisting of three buttons , although the number of buttons may vary .
Released for the Dreamcast in 1999 , it was the first game for the system to support online console gaming .	Players must place arrows on a board to lead mice into escape rockets while avoiding cats .
Brooches are frequently decorated with enamel or with gemstones and may be solely for ornament ( as in the stomacher ) or sometimes serve a practical function as a fastening , perhaps for a cloak .	The earliest known brooches are from the Bronze Age .
The water and fat are replaced by certain plastics , yielding specimens that can be touched , do not smell or decay , and even retain most properties of the original sample .	Four steps are used in the standard process of plastination : fixation , dehydration , forced impregnation in a vacuum , and hardening .
The allied bombing of Hamburg during World War II included numerous attacks on civilians and civic infrastructure .	As a large city and industrial centre , Hamburg 's shipyards , U-boat pens , and the Hamburg-Harburg area oil refineries were attacked throughout the war .
He declared Uzbekistan an independent nation on 31 August 1991 and subsequently won its first presidential election on 29 December 1991 , with 86 % of the vote .	Foreign observers and opposition party cited voting irregularities , alleging state-run propaganda and a falsified vote count , although the opposing candidate and leader of the Erk Liberty Party , Muhammad Salih , had a chance to participate .
During the American Civil War , the Battle of Whitney 's Lane took place near Searcy on the banks of the Little Red River .	The upper tributaries of the Little Red River are known as the South Fork , the Middle Fork , and the Devils Fork .
The system on higher education in Austria distinguishes between federal universities ( Universitäten ) , private universities ( Privatuniversitäten ) , and universities of applied science ( Fachhochschulen ) .	The three types are based on different laws .
The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. , is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered in New York City .	Apart from investment banking , it offers services in investment management , securities , asset management , prime brokerage , and securities underwriting .
Highland Park has performed well at international spirit ratings competitions .	Its 25-year single malt scotch , for example , received double gold medals at the 2007 and 2009 San Francisco World Spirits Competition .
His parents were French , his father being a career officer who was killed in the First World War .	He grew up with his mother and her family in Perpignan in the middle of the wine district of Roussillon .
As a writer he was an interesting figure , distancing himself both from the conservative environment in which he was brought up and from his socialist contemporaries and friends .	He was the youngest and in many ways the most original and influential member of the Modern Break-Through .
Benavente showed a preoccupation with aesthetics and later with ethics .	A liberal monarchist and a critic of Socialism , he was a reluctant supporter of the Franco régime as the only viable alternative to what he considered the disastrous republican experiment of 1931–1936 .
It is a spinoff of `` Rugrats '' and takes place	about ten years after the original series where the characters are now tweens ( 10-12 ) .
Saint-John Perse ( ; also Saint-Leger Leger , ; pseudonyms of Alexis Leger ) ( 31 May 1887 – 20 September 1975 ) was a French poet-diplomat , awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1960 `` for the soaring flight and evocative imagery of his poetry . ''	He was a major French diplomat from 1914 to 1940 , after which he lived primarily in the United States until 1967 .
Khiva ( / , خىۋا ; , ; alternative or historical names include `` Kheeva '' , `` Khorasam '' , `` Khoresm '' , `` Khwarezm '' , `` Khwarizm '' , `` Khwarazm '' , `` Chorezm '' , and ) is a city of approximately 90,000 people located in Xorazm Region , Uzbekistan .	According to archaeological data , the city was established in the beginning of the Christian era .
She was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1966 .	Leonie Sachs was born in Berlin-Schöneberg , Germany , in 1891 to a Jewish family .
The spider family Deinopidae consists of stick-like elongate spiders that build unusual webs that they suspend between the front legs .	When prey approaches , the spider will stretch the net to two or three times its relaxed size and propel itself onto the prey , entangling it in the web .
The Mount Otakadoya site ( ) is located at an elevation of 790 meters ( 2,590 ft ) in Fukushima Prefecture .	It broadcasts a 50 kW signal ( 13 kW ERP ) on 40 kHz from an umbrella top-loading antenna situated 250 meters ( 820 ft ) above the ground .
The game initially featured a matchup between representatives of the Southeastern Conference and the Big East Conference .	The Big East was replaced by the Big Ten Conference in 2002 .
Coombs is home to approximately 1,327 people and is renowned for its Old Country Market ( which features a family of goats living on the roof ) , Butterfly World ( which includes a small indoor tropical rainforest ) , and the Coombs Bluegrass Festival held every B.C .	Day weekend .
The Sugar Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game played in New Orleans , Louisiana .	It has been played annually since January 1 , 1935 , and celebrated its 75th anniversary on January 2 , 2009 .
The Brackla distillery was built in 1812 by Captain William Fraser of Brackla House on the estate of Cawdor Castle .	Brackla whisky was selected by King William IV to be his whisky at the Royal Court .
He currently serves as a special assistant to the Detroit Tigers and is the manager of the United States national baseball team .	He led the Florida Marlins to a World Series championship in 1997 , and previously won three straight division titles ( 1990 , 1991 , and 1992 ) with the Pittsburgh Pirates .
He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Florida Marlins , Detroit Tigers , Arizona Diamondbacks and Cincinnati Reds .	Willis was notable for his success during his first few years in the MLB and for his unconventional pitching style , which included a high leg kick and exaggerated twisting away from the batter .
The Arkansas Razorbacks , also known as the Hogs , are the mascots of college sports teams at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville , Arkansas .	The University of Arkansas student body voted to change the name of the school mascot ( originally the Cardinals ) in 1910 to the Arkansas Razorbacks after a hard fought battle against LSU in which they were said to play like a `` wild band of Razorback hogs '' by former coach Hugo Bezdek .
Toy Story 2 is a 1999 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures .	Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Lee Unkrich and Ash Brannon , it is the sequel to 1995 's `` Toy Story '' and the second film in the `` Toy Story '' franchise .
In the Eastern Orthodox Church and Eastern Catholic Churches of the Byzantine rite his feast day is September 4 , in the Roman Rite , January 24 .	He has the distinction of being the first saint recorded as having had his remains moved or `` translated '' for religious purposes ; a practice that was to become extremely common in later centuries .
Welch is an unincorporated community in Welch Township , Goodhue County , Minnesota , United States .	The community is located along County 7 Boulevard near Highway 61 .
It is the oldest legal distillery in the parish of Glenlivet , and the production place of the Scottish whisky of the same name .	It is described in packaging and advertising as `` The single malt that started it all '' .
Rubik is involved with several organizations such as Beyond Rubik 's Cube , the Rubik Learning Initiative and the Judit Polgar Foundation all of whose aim is to engage students in science , mathematics , and problem solving at a young age .	Ernő Rubik was born in Budapest , Hungary , 13 July 1944 , during World War II , and has lived all his life in Hungary .
Since 2017 , the game has been sponsored by Walk-On 's Bistreaux & Bar and officially known as the `` Walk-On 's Independence Bowl '' .	In 2013 , the game was officially referred to as simply the `` AdvoCare V100 Bowl '' after then-title sponsor AdvoCare .
Usually held near the end of December , games are played at the Sun Bowl stadium on the campus of the University of Texas at El Paso ; since 2011 , it has featured teams from the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) and the Pac-12 Conference .	Since 2010 , the game has been sponsored by Hyundai and officially known as the Hyundai Sun Bowl .
Sánchez Vidal began working with defunct Spanish airline Spantax , acquiring his first model , a Convair CV-990 of that airline , in 1973 .	He made friendships with co-workers of other airlines , and he began receiving more models .
The President of the Arab Republic of Egypt ( ) is the head of state of Egypt .	Under the various iterations of the Constitution of Egypt , the president is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces and head of the executive branch of the Egyptian government .
The incumbent office holder is Ashraf Ghani .	Before the office of the President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan was created in 2004 , Afghanistan has been an Islamic republic between 1973 and 1992 and from 2001 onward .
The Citrus Bowl is an annual college football bowl game played at Camping World Stadium in Orlando , Florida .	The bowl is operated by Florida Citrus Sports , a non-profit group that also organizes the Camping World Bowl and Florida Classic .
Sports drinks can be split into three major types :	Most sports drinks are approximately isotonic , having between 4 and 5 heaped teaspoons of sugar per eight ounce ( 13 and 19 grams per 250ml ) serving .
The bowl was founded in 1990 by Raycom and was originally played at Joe Robbie Stadium outside the city of Miami .	It was formed under the name Sunshine Football Classic , but due to corporate title sponsorships , was never actually contested under this name , nor even referred to as such except during brief intervals between corporate sponsors .
Non-metallic and semiconductor materials prepared in bulk form may also be referred to as ingots , particularly when cast by mold based methods .	Precious metal ingots can be used as currency ( with or without being processed into other shapes ) , or as a currency reserve , as with gold bars .
In 1986 , the National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame decided to relocate the Hall of Fame bowl game to Tampa , Florida , where it eventually became known as the Outback Bowl .	The game in Birmingham continued as the All-American Bowl , which was played for five years under a different organizing body .
The Senate elects one of its members as president at the start of each new term , or whenever the position is vacant .	This is usually—though not necessarily—a member of the party or coalition that holds the most seats in the Senate .
The composition has received similar praise from the Beatles ' producer George Martin , and McCartney 's former bandmate John Lennon .	In 2000 , `` Mojo '' ranked it 4th in the magazine 's list of the greatest songs of all time .
A baroque pop song about the end of a relationship , it was one of McCartney 's most mature and poignant works upon its release .	Mostly performed by the composer , the track is distinguished by its French horn solo , performed by Alan Civil and used as counterpoint in the final verse .
In the early-to-mid-1990s she was the lead singer of feminist punk band Bikini Kill , before fronting Le Tigre in the late 1990s and early 2000s .	In 1998 , Hanna released a lo-fi solo album under the name Julie Ruin and since 2010 , has been working on a project called the Julie Ruin .
When issued as a single in May 1970 , a month after the Beatles ' break-up , it became the group 's 20th and last number-one hit on the `` Billboard '' Hot 100 chart in the United States .	It was the final single released by the quartet .
RS-422 , also known as TIA/EIA-422 , is a technical standard originated by the Electronic Industries Alliance that specifies electrical characteristics of a digital signaling circuit .	Differential signaling can transmit data at rates as high as 10 Mbit/s , or may be sent on cables as long as 1,500 meters .
Cortisol is a steroid hormone , in the glucocorticoid class of hormones .	When used as a medication , it is known as hydrocortisone .
They have thirteen articles of faith , advocating beliefs which include the inspiration of the Bible , the deity of Jesus , general atonement , local church autonomy , and premillennialism .	G. Richard Mountfort serves as President ( 2001 ) .
The merger also consolidated ownership of Cingular Wireless and Yellowpages.com , both of which were joint ventures between BellSouth and AT & T .	With the merger completed , wireless services previously offered by Cingular Wireless were then offered under the AT & T name , and BellSouth Telecommunications ( a subsidiary of Bell Operating Company ) began doing business as AT & T Southeast .
From 1916 to 1919 he began his work as a printmaker at the Kunstgewerbschule in Essen .	In 1918 he received his first public commission , `` Rosa mystica ora pro nobis '' , a stained-glass window for a church in Essen .
It is also known as histiocytic necrotizing lymphadenitis , Kikuchi necrotizing lymphadenitis , phagocytic necrotizing lymphadenitis , subacute necrotizing lymphadenitis , and necrotizing lymphadenitis.Kikuchi disease occur sporadically in people with no family history of the condition .	It was first described by Dr Masahiro Kikuchi ( 1935–2012 ) in 1972 and independently by Y. Fujimoto .
The term is a portmanteau of white and nigger .	The term `` nigger '' has often been used disparagingly , and since the mid-20th century , particularly in the United States , its usage became unambiguously pejorative and it is viewed as a racist insult and slur .
`` Ticonderoga '' was commissioned in May 1944 , and served in several campaigns in the Pacific Theater of Operations , earning five battle stars .	Decommissioned shortly after the end of the war , she was modernized and recommissioned in the early 1950s as an attack carrier ( CVA ) , and then eventually became an antisubmarine carrier ( CVS ) .
300 cars were manufactured between 1930 and 1931 by the American Car and Foundry Company , numbered 100 through 399 .	Also specifically sometimes referred to as City Cars , the R1s introduced several improvements to subway car design that greatly sped up the flow of passengers in and out of trains .
The Prime Minister is the Chairman of the Council of Ministers ; since 1945 he has held the Dutch title of `` minister-president van Nederland '' , also referred to as `` premier '' .	Mark Rutte is currently serving as the 50th and current Prime Minister of the Netherlands , having been appointed to the office for the first time on 14 October 2010 .
The distillery was founded in 1830 by Hugh and Kenneth MacAskill , and built in 1831 at Carbost after a number of false starts on other sites when they acquired the lease of Talisker House from the MacLeod of MacLeod .	The distillery was rebuilt 1880–87 and extended in 1900 .
Demetrius I ( died 22 October 232 ) , 12th Bishop of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark .	Sextus Julius Africanus , who visited Alexandria in the Bishoprice of Demetrius , places his accession as eleventh bishop from Mark in the tenth year of Roman Emperor Comodus ; Eusebius of Caesarea places it in the tenth year of Septimus Severus .
It is a founding member of the Australian Technology Network of universities , and is the largest university in South Australia with almost 32,000 students .	The university was founded in its current form in 1991 with the merger of the South Australian Institute of Technology ( 1889 ) and College of Advanced Education ( 1856 ) , combining more than 150 years of teaching and research history .
West End Games ( WEG ) was a company that made board , role-playing , and war games .	It was founded by Daniel Scott Palter in 1974 in New York City , but later moved to Honesdale , Pennsylvania .
In 1994 Arran Distillers was founded by Harold Currie , former director of Chivas with the intention of building a distillery on Arran .	During the construction of the distillery , a pair of golden eagles built their nest on a cliff near the distillery ; since golden eagles are a protected species , construction of the distillery was temporarily halted .
Erotophobia is a term coined by a number of researchers in the late 1970s and early 1980s to describe one pole on a continuum of attitudes and beliefs about sexuality .	The model of the continuum is a basic polarized line , with erotophobia ( fear of sex or negative attitudes about sex ) at one end and erotophilia ( positive feelings or attitudes about sex ) at the other end .
Revisions were made and published in 1946 and 1951 .	The dual function of being both an international language and a shorthand system was intended as a way of encouraging more people to see the value of the method .
The United States Postal Service now estimates the population at 714 .	The elevation is 1,628 feet above sea level .
Their track `` Right Here , Right Now '' was an international hit , and was subsequently globally licensed for promotional and advertising campaigns .	They also achieved chart success with the songs `` Real Real Real '' , `` International Bright Young Thing '' and `` Info Freako '' .
The town started when Charles P. Lovelace as postmaster established a post office in the location which would become the town in 1909 .	A month later , the post office changed its name from Harriet to Harriett and continued to served the area until it was moved to San Angelo in 1927 .
When `` The Pirate '' lacked form in the beginning of the 2000 Giro , Garzelli was left free of all team duties for , and was able to fight and win his own battle in the Giro .	In the final time-trial stage Garzelli took the race leadership away from Casagrande , who was suffering an inflamed sciatic nerve .
In 1990 , Eola had a recorded population of only 218 .	The town was first known as Jordan , but its name changed to Eola in 1902 .
Local government authorities are responsible for implementing policy for public education and state-funded schools at a local level .	England also has a tradition of independent schools ( some of which call themselves `` public schools '' ) and home education ; legally , parents may choose to educate their children by any permitted means .
Among several other honours , Rann was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia ( AC ) in the 2016 Australia Day Honours .	Rann succeeded Lynn Arnold as leader of the South Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party and South Australian Leader of the Opposition in 1994 .
It was named for Edward D. Miller , who co-founded the town with Henry Barr .	It was granted a post office in 1903 and was still open in the 1990s .
Business @ the Speed of Thought is a book written by Bill Gates and Collins Hemingway in 1999 .	It discusses how business and technology are integrated , and explains how digital infrastructures and information networks can help someone get an edge on the competition .
It was released on June 23 , 1987 , by Sire Records as the first album single .	The song was later included on the two-disc edition of Madonna 's 2009 greatest hits album `` Celebration '' .
Hughes Aircraft was acquired by General Motors from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in 1985 and was put under the umbrella of Hughes Electronics , now known as DirecTV , until GM sold its assets to Raytheon in 1997 .	During World War II the company designed and built several prototype aircraft at Hughes Airport .
Darrow was born in Surrey , England , and was educated at the Haberdashers ' Aske 's Boys ' School , before studying at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .	The popularity of his role as Avon has tended to overshadow his extensive work in theatre and television .
It is the main ferry port to Sherkin Island , Cape Clear Island and the eastern side of Roaring Water Bay ( Loch Trasna ) and Carbery 's Hundred Isles .	Although the name `` Baltimore '' is an anglicisation of the Irish meaning `` town of the big house '' , the Irish-language name for Baltimore is that of the O'Driscoll castle , `` Dún na Séad '' or `` Dunashad '' ( `` fort of the jewels '' ) .
The 2003 FIFA Women 's World Cup , the fourth edition of the FIFA Women 's World Cup , was held in the United States and won by Germany .	They won their first women 's world title and became the first country to win both men 's and women 's World Cup .
It is a biennial plant usually grown as an annual .	Its long , tuberous root has cream-colored skin and flesh ; and left in the ground to mature , it becomes sweeter in flavor after winter frosts .
William Steig ( November 14 , 1907 – October 3 , 2003 ) was an American cartoonist , sculptor , and , in his later life , an illustrator and writer of children 's books .	Best known for the picture books `` Sylvester and the Magic Pebble '' , `` Abel 's Island '' , and `` Doctor De Soto '' , he was also the creator of `` Shrek !
He published many of the outstanding educational and reference works of 19th-century France , including the 15 volume `` Grand dictionnaire universel du XIXe siècle '' .	Pierre Larousse was born in Toucy , where his father was a blacksmith .
The fact that it represented the first solid intellectual effort in the twentieth century to construct an overview of the past and the present of Valencians from a Catalanist point of view explains its relevance and controversy back in the day .	It was because of the novelty of this new Catalanist paradigm , consisting of Catalanism made from Valencia , that the book caused a stir in the Valencian Francoist establishment and , with the advent of democracy in Spain , still remained deeply controversial for its uncompromising views .
He has written several novels and poetry books .	He has received several awards such as Padma Shri , Sahitya Academy Award , Pravasi Bharatiya Samman , WH Smith Literary Award and Crossword Book Award .
Foundation ’ s activity is financed from income on endowment and grants from foreign institutions , from gifts of individual donors and 1 % personal income tax designations .	The Batory Foundation was founded in 1988 when the communist system in Central Europe was disintegrating .
Open Society Foundations financially support civil society groups around the world , with a stated aim of advancing justice , education , public health and independent media .	The group 's name is inspired by Karl Popper 's 1945 book `` The Open Society and Its Enemies '' .
Implicit in the title is a reference to the philosophy of Ludwig Wittgenstein , which was of particular inspiration to Cardew in composing the work .	The score is not accompanied by any explicit instructions to the performers in how to perform the work , or what sound-producing means are to be used .
It won the Booker Prize .	The writer was also awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature four years after its publication .
The 1999 FIFA Women 's World Cup , the third edition of the FIFA Women 's World Cup , was held in the United States and won by the host team .	The final between the U.S. and China , held on 10 July at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California , was the most-attended women 's sports event in history with an official attendance of 90,185 .
The 1995 FIFA Women 's World Cup , the second edition of the FIFA Women 's World Cup , was held in Sweden and won by Norway .	The tournament featured 12 women 's national teams from six continental confederations .
Matches were played in the state capital , Guangzhou , as well as in Foshan , Jiangmen and Zhongshan .	The competition was sponsored by Mars , Incorporated .
The Swedish public broadcasting system is largely modeled after the system used in the United Kingdom , and Sveriges Television shares many traits with its British counterpart , the BBC .	SVT is a public limited company that can be described as a quasi-autonomous non-government organisation .
The European Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM ) was a system introduced by the European Economic Community on 13 March 1979 , as part of the European Monetary System ( EMS ) , to reduce exchange rate variability and achieve monetary stability in Europe , in preparation for Economic and Monetary Union and the introduction of a single currency , the euro , which took place on 1 January 1999 .	After the adoption of the euro , policy changed to linking currencies of EU countries outside the eurozone to the euro ( having the common currency as a central point ) .
The name comes from the first six letters at the top left of the keyboard : ( ) .	The main difference between QWERTZ and QWERTY is that the positions of the and keys are switched ( hence the nickname `` kezboard '' ) .
It is used by most French speakers based in Europe , although France and Belgium each have their own national variations on the layout .	Luxembourg and Switzerland use the Swiss QWERTZ keyboard .
Among the dead were four Israeli children , including an infant , and three Arabs .	She was the sixth female suicide bomber of the Al-Aqsa Intifada and the second woman recruited by Islamic Jihad .
`` If— '' is a poem by English Nobel laureate Rudyard Kipling , written circa 1895 as a tribute to Leander Starr Jameson .	It is a literary example of Victorian-era stoicism .
The genus name is from Latin `` Larus '' which appears to have referred to a gull or other large seabird .	The specific `` delawarensis '' refers to the Delaware River .
This is a sedentary species , meaning that adults are resident throughout the year in its range .	The exception may be during harsh winters , when the adults may move south .
He is a nephew of the former Independent Labour Party leader and World War I conscientious objector , James Maxton .	His father , also named John Maxton , was also a conscientious objector in World War I , and the younger John Maxton was himself a conscientious objector 1955-57 , working on building sites and in farming .
The male fallow deer is known as a buck , the female is a doe , and the young a fawn .	Adult bucks are long , in shoulder height , and typically in weight ; does are long , in shoulder height , and in weight .
Born and raised in Harborne ( now a suburb of Birmingham ) , in the United Kingdom , he was educated at Clifton College and then at Corpus Christi College , Oxford .	After a brief period teaching at Rossall School , he went back to Oxford where he taught at St John 's College until 1967 .
The youngest of three children , Thorn was born in Brookmans Park , Hatfield , Hertfordshire .	She grew up in Hatfield and studied English at the University of Hull , where she graduated in 1984 with First Class Honours .
Scraps and trimmings were ground , seasoned and later consumed by the farmer as an inexpensive , high-protein morning meal .	It is perhaps most popular for home consumption in rural areas , particularly in the southern states , where it is in the form of fresh or smoked patties or links ( the latter might have a natural or synthetic casing , or no form of any casing ) .
Cala Gonone is an Italian seaside town and a civil parish ( `` frazione '' ) of the municipality ( `` comune '' ) of Dorgali , Province of Nuoro , in the region of Sardinia .	In 2007 it had 1,279 inhabitants .
Santa Maria Navarrese , founded in the 1950s by Baunese settlers , has grown around a Medieval church dating back to around the AD 1000 , consecrated to Santa Maria Assunta .	According to tradition , the church was built on behalf of a princess of Navarra , hence the adjective Navarrese in the village 's name .
Thomas Joseph Sestak ( March 9 , 1936 – April 3 , 1987 ) was an American football defensive lineman who played for the Buffalo Bills of the American Football League ( AFL ) .	Sestak was born in Gonzales , Texas .
Grill cars , in which customers sit on stools at a counter and purchase and consume food cooked on a grill behind the counter are generally considered to be an `` intermediate '' type of dining car .	Before dining cars in passenger trains were common in the United States , a rail passenger 's option for meal service in transit was to patronize one of the roadhouses often located near the railroad 's `` water stops '' .
Although Nightwing is commonly associated with Batman , the title and concept have origins in classic Superman stories .	The original Nightwing in DC Comics was an identity assumed by alien superhero Superman when stranded on the Kryptonian city of Kandor with his pal Jimmy Olsen .
China Construction Bank Corporation ( CCB ) is one of the `` big four '' banks in the People 's Republic of China .	In 2015 CCB was the 2nd largest bank in the world by market capitalization and 6th largest company in the world .
Follis , a two sport athlete , was paid for his work beginning in 1904 .	From its inception in as a loose coalition of various regional teams , the American Professional Football Association had comparatively few African-American players ; a total of nine black people suited up for NFL teams between 1920 and 1926 , including future attorney , black activist , and internationally acclaimed artist Paul Robeson , as well as famed race record producer J. Mayo Williams .
Audacity is a free and open-source digital audio editor and recording application software , available for Windows , macOS/OS X and Unix-like operating systems .	Audacity was started in the fall of 1999 by Dominic Mazzoni and Roger Dannenberg at Carnegie Mellon University and was released on May 28 , 2000 as version 0.8 .
The national flag of the Republic of Macedonia ( ) depicts a stylised yellow sun on a red field , with eight broadening rays extending from the centre to the edge of the field .	It was created by Prof. Miroslav Grčev and was adopted on 5 October 1995 after a one-year economic blockade imposed by Greece in order to force the Republic of Macedonia to remove the Vergina Sun , a symbol from the gravesite of the ancient Kings of Macedon from the flag , as Greece considered it a Greek symbol .
Even memory , the fastest of these , can not supply data as fast as the CPU could process it .	In an example from 2011 , typical PC processors like the Intel Core 2 and the AMD Athlon 64 X2 run with a clock of several GHz , which means that one clock cycle is less than 1 nanosecond ( typically about 0.3 ns to 0.5 ns on modern desktop CPUs ) , while main memory has a latency of about 15–30 ns .
In this application , the NOE differs from the application of spin-spin coupling in that the NOE occurs through space , not through chemical bonds .	Thus , atoms that are in close proximity to each other can give a NOE , whereas spin coupling is observed only when the atoms are connected by 2–3 chemical bonds .
The Adaptive Communication Environment ( ACE ) is an open source software framework used for network programming .	It provides a set of object-oriented C++ classes designed to help address the inherent complexities and challenges in network programming by preventing common errors .
Elsewhere , some sausages sold as chorizo may not be fermented and cured , and require cooking before eating .	Spanish chorizo and Portuguese chouriço get their distinctive smokiness and deep red color from dried , smoked , red peppers ( `` pimentón '' / '' pimentão '' ) .
Many people never have symptoms .	Occasionally a slight yellowish color of the skin or whites of the eyes may occur .
Her mother is unknown .	Her family had power in Anatolia with strong royal connections .
The river flows generally northeast through Guangxi and Hunan two provinces , its tributaries reach into Jiangxi and Guangdong .	Traditionally , it was regarded that the West ( left ) Branch is the Main Stream of the Upper Xiang , which rises in `` Haiyang Mountains '' between xing'an and Lingchuan counties of Guangxi .
Turrets were used to provide a projecting defensive position allowing covering fire to the adjacent wall in the days of military fortification .	As their military use faded , turrets were used for decorative purposes , as in the Scottish baronial style .
Because of the poor body of source material Cleopatra V is a very obscure member of the Ptolemaic dynasty .	Only a few ascertained facts about her are known .
She was the youngest of eight daughters , and when her father died in 1556 she inherited land at Snitterfield and Wilmcote from her father as a dowry .	The house was left to her stepmother Agnes Hill .
One Bahá'í scholar states that it can be regarded as the `` most influential Quran commentary in Persian outside the Muslim world , '' because of its international audience .	It is sometimes referred to as the Book of Iqan or simply The Iqan .
He wrote some high quality epic poetry , for example the first Slovene ballad and the first Slovene epic .	After his death , he became the leading name of the Slovene literary canon .
According to Gregory of Tours , during the time of the Emperors Decius and Gratius ( AD 250-251 ) , Pope Fabian sent out seven bishops from Rome to Gaul to preach the Gospel : Gatien to Tours , Trophimus to Arles , Paul to Narbonne , Saturnin to Toulouse , Denis to Paris , Austromoine to Clermont , and Martial to Limoges .	He succeeded in converting the inhabitants to Christianity , and his memory has always been venerated there .
It shares borders with Bosnia-Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Croatia , Hungary , the Republic of Macedonia , Montenegro , Romania and Albania through the disputed territory of Kosovo .	It is landlocked , although access to the Adriatic Sea is available through Montenegro , and the Danube River provides shipping access to inland Europe and the Black Sea .
Robert Havemann ( 11 March 1910 – 9 April 1982 ) was a chemist , and an East German dissident .	He studied chemistry in Berlin and Munich from 1929 to 1933 , and then later received a doctorate in physical chemistry from the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute .
Wayne Fontana founded the band in 1963 with Bob Lang , Ric Rothwell , and Eric Stewart .	The group was later joined by Grahame Foote .
Arthur Judson Brown ( December 3 , 1856 – January 11 , 1963 ) was an American clergyman , missionary and author .	Brown was born in Holliston , Massachusetts , and was ordained as a Presbyterian minister in 1883 .
Medical equipment ( also known as armamentarium ) is designed to aid in the diagnosis , monitoring or treatment of medical conditions .	There are several basic types :
Phthalic anhydride is a principal commercial form of phthalic acid .	It was the first anhydride of a dicarboxylic acid to be used commercially .
It was the second raid by the newly formed British Commandos and was focused upon the German-occupied Channel island of Guernsey .	The raiding party consisted of 40 men from the newly formed No .
In the second half of the 7th century and in the whole of the 8th , as a result of the tremendous intellectual commotion produced throughout the southwestern Asia by the swift conquests of the Arabs and the collision of Islam with the older religions and cultures of the world , there arose a large number of religious sects , especially in Persia , Babylonia ( Iraq ) , and Syria .	Judaism did not escape this general fomentation ; the remnants of Second Temple sects picked up new life and flickered once more before their final extinction , and new sects also arose , including the Isawites , the Yudganites , the Shadganites , the Malakites , the Mishawaites , and others .
It is about long ( from the Bolshoy Abakan 's source ) , and its drainage basin covers .	The river is used for log driving and irrigation .
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch is the major regional newspaper in St. Louis , Missouri , serving St. Louis City and County , St. Charles County , the Metro East and surrounding counties ( roughly , the Greater St. Louis area ) .	It is the only daily newspaper in the city .
The Battle of Khe Sanh ( 21 January – 9 July 1968 ) was conducted in the Khe Sanh area of northwestern Quảng Trị Province , Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam ) , during the Vietnam War .	The main US forces defending Khe Sanh Combat Base ( KSCB ) were two regiments of US Marines supported by elements from the United States Army and the United States Air Force , as well as a small number of South Vietnamese Army ( ARVN ) troops .
After gaining regional exposure and popularity in Asia through film and television productions , she became the first Singaporean actress to break into Hollywood , playing Chon Lin in the 2003 film `` Shanghai Knights '' .	She was also the youngest actress to have earned an `` All-Time Favourite Award '' at the Star Awards .
Most incarnations of Hawkman work closely with a partner/romantic interest named Hawkgirl or Hawkwoman .	Hawkman is most often depicted as human archaeologist Carter Hall – the modern-day reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian prince named Khufu – or as alien police officer Katar Hol from the planet Thanagar .
A leased line is a circuit that is dedicated to only one use .	The opposite of a dedicated circuit is a switched circuit , which can be connected to different paths .
At its creation , the `` Colony of Upper Senegal and Niger '' contained the old territories of Upper Senegal , the Middle Niger , and the military Niger territory .	Its capital was Bamako .
The Kegworth air disaster occurred when British Midland Flight 92 , a Boeing 737-400 , crashed on to the embankment of the M1 motorway near Kegworth , Leicestershire , England , while attempting to make an emergency landing at East Midlands Airport on 8 January 1989 .	The aircraft was on a scheduled flight from London Heathrow Airport to Belfast Airport , when a fan-blade broke in the left engine , disrupting the air conditioning and filling the flight deck with smoke .
In historical English and European literature , the region was known as the Barbary Coast or the Barbary States , derived from `` Berbers '' .	Sometimes it was referred to as the Land of the Atlas , derived from the Atlas Mountains .
It is part of the Tell Atlas mountain range , and is located at the edge of the Mediterranean Sea .	Kabylia covers several provinces of Algeria : the whole of Tizi Ouzou and Bejaia ( Bgayet ) , most of Bouira ( Tubirett ) and parts of the wilayas of Boumerdes , Jijel , Setif and Bordj Bou Arreridj .
The Bradley Polytechnic Institute was founded by philanthropist Lydia Moss Bradley in 1897 in memory of her husband Tobias and their six children , all of whom died early and suddenly , leaving Bradley a childless widow .	The Bradleys had discussed establishing an orphanage in memory of their deceased children .
The Republic of Stellaland ( ) was from 1882 to 1883 a Boer republic located in an area of British Bechuanaland ( now in South Africa 's North West Province ) , west of the Transvaal .	After unification with the neighbouring State of Goshen , it was the United States of Stellaland ( ) from 1883 to 1885 .
Twice , Nash was named the NBA Most Valuable Player while playing for the Phoenix Suns .	He currently serves as general manager of the Canadian national team and as a player development consultant for the Golden State Warriors .
Such an integral is often written symbolically just like a standard definite integral , in some cases with `` infinity '' as a limit of integration .	Specifically , an improper integral is a limit of the form :
In general , the word choline refers to the various quaternary ammonium salts containing the `` N '' , '' N '' , '' N '' -trimethylethanolammonium cation .	Found in most animal tissues , choline is a primary component of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and functions with inositol as a basic constituent of lecithin .
This personal radio service uses channelized frequencies around 462 and 467 MHz in the ultra high frequency ( UHF ) band .	It does not suffer the interference effects found on citizens ' band ( CB ) at 27 MHz , or the 49 MHz band also used by cordless telephones , toys , and baby monitors .
With 46 tries scored in 58 tests , Cullen is the 9th-highest try-scorer in international rugby .	Cullen was born in Paraparaumu and grew up in Paekakariki , a small town north of Wellington .
It is the oldest continuously published newspaper on the U.S. west coast , founded as a weekly by Thomas J. Dryer on December 4 , 1850 , and published daily since 1861 .	It is the largest newspaper in Oregon and the second largest in the Pacific Northwest by circulation .
7 ) in northern Ramat Gan , Israel .	The 68-story building is commonly known as City Gate ( ) , its original name .
Owned by Jimmy Lai ( 黎智英 ) , both magazines are the number one news magazines in both markets in terms of audited circulation and AC Nielsen reports .	The magazines are also two of the most controversial magazines in the region .
Boracay is a small island in the Philippines located approximately south of Manila and off the northwest tip of Panay Island in Western Visayas region of the Philippines .	Boracay Island and its beaches have received awards from numerous travel publications and agencies .
Fowler is best remembered for his time at Liverpool and is the sixth-highest goalscorer in the history of the Premier League .	He scored 183 goals in total for Liverpool , 128 of which were scored in the Premier League ( 162 Premier League goals in total ) .
The city gate was also commonly used to display diverse kinds of public information such as announcements , tax and toll schedules , standards of local measures , and legal texts .	It could be heavily fortified , ornamented with heraldic shields , sculpture or inscriptions , or used as a location for warning or intimidation , for example by displaying the heads of beheaded criminals or public enemies .
Bush-warblers ( or bush warblers ) are small insectivorous songbirds belonging to the genera `` Cettia '' , `` Horornis '' , and `` Bradypterus '' .	They were formerly placed in the `` wastebin '' Old World warbler family .
Based in Bowen Hills , Brisbane , the airline was co-founded by British businessman Richard Branson , the founder of Virgin Group and former CEO Brett Godfrey .	It was established as Virgin Blue in November 1999 with two aircraft operating on a single route , and suddenly found itself catapulted to the position of Australia 's second airline after the collapse of Ansett Australia in September 2001 .
Spanning two tiers on basalt cliffs , it is the tallest waterfall in the state of Oregon at in height .	The land surrounding the falls was developed by Simon Benson in the early-twentieth century , with a pathway , viewing bridge , and adjacent lodge being constructed in 1925 .
Statistically , they are the most often encountered spider by humans in North America , and least likely to adopt defensive behavior in their vicinity .	Their prey mechanism is similar to that of the other cobweb spiders : the spider follows disturbances transmitted along the web to entangle and then paralyze its prey , which usually consists of household insects and other invertebrates ( often considered as pests ) .
Santo Bugito is a short-lived 1995 animated cartoon series produced and developed by Klasky-Csupo for CBS and created by Arlene Klasky .	It ran for thirteen episodes and revolved around the goings on in a fictional community of insects .
Cetti 's warbler , `` Cettia cetti '' , is an Old World warbler .	It is a small , brown bush-warbler which breeds in southern and central Europe , north-west Africa and east southern temperate Asia as far as Afghanistan and north-west Pakistan .
The total energy and momentum of the initial pair are conserved in the process and distributed among a set of other particles in the final state .	Antiparticles have exactly opposite additive quantum numbers from particles , so the sums of all quantum numbers of such an original pair are zero .
The Egg and I , first published in 1945 , is a humorous memoir by American author Betty MacDonald about her adventures and travels as a young wife on a chicken farm on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington state .	The book is based on the author 's experiences as a newlywed in trying to acclimate and operate a small chicken farm with her first husband Robert Heskett from 1927 to 1931 near Chimacum , Washington .
She also wrote the `` Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle '' series of children 's books .	She is associated with the Pacific Northwest , especially Washington state .
Molly Pitcher is a nickname given to a woman said to have fought in the American Battle of Monmouth , generally believed to have been Mary Ludwig Hays McCauley .	However , various Molly Pitcher tales grew in the telling , and many historians regard Molly Pitcher as folklore rather than history , or suggest that Molly Pitcher may be a composite image inspired by the actions of a number of real women .
2 ( Interstate 84 ) from the 1930s to the 1950s , leaving behind the old two-lane road .	The road is now mostly owned and maintained by the state through the Oregon Department of Transportation as the Historic Columbia River Highway No .
Available in both Hong Kong and Macau , the newspaper mainly focuses on economic news and other related , usually political issues .	The newsjournal is also available to some air passengers – those travelling to the United States , Canada , and Europe .
Shalom Meir Tower ( , `` Migdal Shalom Meir '' ; commonly known as Migdal Shalom , ) is an office tower in Tel Aviv , Israel .	It was Israel 's first skyscraper , and was designed by architects Yitzhak Pearlstein , Gideon Ziv , and Meir Levy .
It replaced the right of appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council , based in London .	It was created with the passing of the Supreme Court Act 2003 , on 15 October 2003 .
< /noinclude >	Radio Television Hong Kong ( RTHK ; ) is the public broadcasting service in Hong Kong .
Distinct from the stereotypical American moonshine , corn whiskey uses a traditional mash process and is subject to the tax and identity laws for alcohol under federal law .	Several commercial distillers , such as Heaven Hill , produce unaged corn whiskeys for retail sale .
An ISO image is a disk image of an optical disc .	In other words , it is an archive file that contains everything that would be written to an optical disc , sector by sector , including the optical disc file system .
Both these and Denglish are also used to refer to incorrect English that is influenced by German .	To some extent , the influence of English on German can be described in terms of normal language contact ( which is active also in the reverse direction , see list of English words of German origin ) .
It breeds across much of temperate Europe and western Asia .	It is migratory , wintering in north and west Africa .
Tennessee whiskey is straight whiskey produced in the U.S. state of Tennessee .	Although it has been legally defined as a bourbon whiskey in some international trade agreements , most current producers of Tennessee whiskey disclaim references to their products as `` bourbon '' and do not label them as such on any of their bottles or advertising materials .
A detective named Fisher , who has become an expatriate living in Cairo , undergoes hypnosis in order to recall his last case .	The Europe of his dreamlike recollection is a dystopia , dark and decaying .
While at Clarion University of Pennsylvania , Angle won numerous accolades , including being a two-time National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Heavyweight Wrestling Champion .	After graduating from college , Angle won a gold medal in freestyle wrestling at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships .
Bronson Alcott Pinchot ( born May 20 , 1959 ) is an American actor .	He is best known for playing Balki Bartokomous in the ABC sitcom `` Perfect Strangers '' ( 1986–93 ) .
It was invented in 1939 .	It has the same health problems associated with chlorinated polymers .
Since the term has been coined , it has been referenced in a number of media and is also used to refer to the Internet .	The term was coined on September 10 , 1999 by Brad L. Graham , as a joke .
Renju ( Japanese : 連珠 ) is the professional variant of Gomoku .	It was named Renju by Japanese journalist Ruikou Kuroiwa ( 黒岩涙香 ) on December 6 , 1899 in a Japanese newspaper `` Yorozu chouhou '' ( 萬朝報 ) .
It is sometimes incorrectly called the `` North `` American '' Nebula '' .	The North America Nebula is large , covering an area of more than four times the size of the full moon ; but its surface brightness is low , so normally it can not be seen with the unaided eye .
The meeting place of the U.S. House of Representatives for nearly 50 years ( 1807–1857 ) , after a few years of disuse in 1864 it was repurposed as a statuary hall ; this is when the National Statuary Hall Collection was established .	By 1933 the collection had outgrown this single room , and a number of statues are placed elsewhere within the Capitol .
The publishers of `` Wen Wei Po '' aim to support the official mainland Chinese Xinhua News Agency in reporting the latest mainland developments .	In 1989 , when the editorial board openly objected to the use of force in the 1989 Tiananmen Square Massacre , the editorial board was thereafter replaced .
The company 's main offices are located in El Segundo , California .	Founded in 1996 , Stamps.com was created under the name StampMaster by Jim McDermott , Ari Engelberg and Jeff Green , who at the time were MBA graduate students at UCLA .
After attending the University of Washington from 1922 to 1924 , Bartlett graduated from the University of Alaska in 1925 , then began his career in politics .	A reporter for the `` Fairbanks Daily News '' until 1933 , he accepted the position of secretary to Delegate Anthony Dimond of Alaska .
The Law on the state symbols and the statehood day of Montenegro reached full effect the day after its publication in the Official Gazette of Montenegro .	The publication occurred 12 July 2004 and the legal power of the Law occurred the day after , on 13 July 2004 - the statehood day of Montenegro .
`` The Stage Theatre '' ) is the national theatre of Israel and one of the first Hebrew language theatres .	It is located in Habima Square in the center of Tel Aviv .
NEC Electronics was established in November 2002 by a spin-off of the semiconductor operations of NEC .	Renesas Technology was established on April 1 , 2003 , as a joint venture of Hitachi , Ltd. ( 55 % ) and Mitsubishi Electric ( 45 % ) .
The district was created in 1815 , when the Prussian province of Saxony was created .	The area of Lohra-Clettenberg ( the former dukedom County Hohnstein ) and the previously free imperial city of Nordhausen were thereafter administrated together .
A house turned into a church by the Byzantines is said to be the home of Saint Peter .	The village was inhabited continuously from the 2nd century BC to the 11th century AD , when it was abandoned sometime before the Crusader conquest .
These numbers are used today in fields such as simplicial homology , computer science , digital images , etc .	The term `` Betti numbers '' was coined by Henri Poincaré after Enrico Betti .
Résumés can be used for a variety of reasons , but most often they are used to secure new employment .	A typical résumé contains a `` summary '' of relevant job experience and education .
It was used extensively in computer games and art/animation software of the late 1980s and early to mid-1990s .	Since the earlier CGA and EGA graphics standards provided a similar resolution mode , its use simplified conversions to those formats .
Surte Church is in Surte .	It is a located some 15 kilometers north of Gothenburg .
The communists were a small force in Polish politics .	The Communist Party of Poland ( until 1925 the Communist Workers ' Party of Poland ) was a conspiratorial organization of the radical Left .
The paper ceased publication in April 2016 .	There was also an electronic version of `` The Sun `` on the Internet .
It contains the villages of Inagh and Cloonanaha .	The parish is part of the barony of Inchiquin .
There are a number of communist parties active in various countries across the world , and a number that used to be active .	They differ not only in method , but also in strict ideology and interpretation .
It was first published in July 1991 in `` Dr. Dobb 's Journal '' , and republished in chapters 47-49 of Abrash 's `` Graphics Programming Black Book '' ( now freely available online ) .	The term `` Mode X '' was coined by Abrash .
Eisner was born Michael Breckenridge Eisner in California , the son of Jane Breckenridge , a business advisor and computer programmer , and Michael Eisner , the former Walt Disney Company chief executive .	To avoid confusion with his father , he uses a short version of his middle name/mother 's maiden name as his professional first name .
Eric Eisner is the founder and CEO of Double E Pictures , and partner at The Tornante Company .	He is the son of Disney magnate Michael Eisner and a producer .
Ennis ( ) is the county town of County Clare , Ireland .	The Irish name is short for `` '' ( `` island of the long rowing meadow '' ) .
The 2004 Summer Paralympics ( ) , the 12th Summer Paralympic Games , were a major international multi-sport event for athletes with disabilities governed by the International Paralympic Committee , held in Athens , Greece from 17 September to 28 September 2004 .	3,806 athletes from 136 National Paralympic Committees competed .
Vance was born Vivian Roberta Jones around July 26 , 1909 , in Cherryvale , Kansas , the second of Robert Andrew , Sr. and Euphemia Mae ( Ragan ) Jones ' six children .	When she was six years old , her family moved to Independence , Kansas , where she eventually began her dramatic studies at Independence High School with drama instructor Anna Ingleman .
Insects in this family commonly are called tachina flies or simply tachinids .	As far as is known , they all are protelean parasitoids , or occasionally parasites , of arthropods .
Frequently debated areas of variability include cognitive ability , personality , physical appearance ( body shape , skin color , etc . )	and immunology .
The `` Sing Tao '' also maintains the news website singtao.com .	The paper has 16 overseas editions , published by nine overseas news bureaus and circulated in 100 cities in China and abroad .
There are many different kinds of bow shapes .	However , most fall into three main categories : straight , recurve and compound .
The hexameters of the nine cantos are at times irregular .	Robert Schumann wrote an overture to `` Hermann and Dorothea '' in 1851 , his Opus 136 .
Detached Battalion 4 ( ( ) ) was a special forces unit of the Finnish Army during the Continuation War and Lapland War , serving from July 1943 to November 1944 .	The battalion was founded under the Intelligence Division of Defence Command from the already operational long-range reconnaissance patrol detachments ( ) created during the Interim Peace .
According to the Utah History Encyclopedia , Wasatch in Ute means `` mountain pass '' or `` low pass over high range . ''	According to William Bright the mountains were named for a Shoshoni leader who was named with the Shoshoni term `` wasattsi '' , meaning `` blue heron '' .
Avalon Hill redesigned and re-released a `` movie '' version ( entitled `` Starship Troopers : Prepare for Battle ! '' )	in 1997 to coincide with the movie 's release .
An easy way to explain how multiple buffering works is to take a real-world example .	It is a nice sunny day and you have decided to get the paddling pool out , only you can not find your garden hose .
He played for two teams , the Baltimore Bullets and the New York Knicks , during his career in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .	Both teams have retired Monroe 's number .
The mechanism to produce the cuckoo call has been in use since the middle of the 18th century and has remained almost without variation until the present .	It is unknown who invented it and where the first one was made .
The selection of state birds began in 1927 , when the legislatures for Alabama , Florida , Maine , Missouri , Oregon , Texas and Wyoming selected their state birds .	The last state to choose its bird was Arizona in 1973 .
The ATR 42 is a twin-turboprop , short-haul regional airliner developed and manufactured in France and Italy by ATR ( Aerei da Trasporto Regionale or Avions de transport régional ) , a joint venture formed by French aerospace company Aérospatiale ( now Airbus ) and Italian aviation conglomerate Aeritalia ( now Leonardo S.p.A. ) .	The number `` 42 '' in its name is derived from the aircraft 's standard seating configuration in a passenger-carrying configuration , which typically varies between 40 and 52 passengers .
The Crown dependencies ( , ) are three island territories off the coast of Great Britain that are self-governing possessions of the Crown : the Bailiwick of Guernsey , the Bailiwick of Jersey and the Isle of Man .	They do not form part of either the United Kingdom or the British Overseas Territories .
Image analysis is the extraction of meaningful information from images ; mainly from digital images by means of digital image processing techniques .	Image analysis tasks can be as simple as reading bar coded tags or as sophisticated as identifying a person from their face .
On December 25 , 1992 , aged 53 , he was appointed the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tiranë-Durrës and consecrated on April 25 , 1993 , by Pope John Paul II and Cardinals Camillo Ruini and Jozef Tomko , along with three other bishops ( Zef Simoni , Frano Illia and Robert Ashta ) during the Pope 's pastoral visit to Albania .	Mirdita was the President of Albanian Bishops Conference and the Chairman of `` Caritas Albania '' .
He is chiefly remembered as one of the earliest makers of cuckoo clocks in the Black Forest .	His family carried on the business of clockmaking , and his German descendants continue to manufacture weather instruments .
A PoP typically houses servers , routers , network switches , multiplexers , and other network interface equipment , and is typically located in a data center .	ISPs typically have multiple PoPs .
`` Easy Finder '' was commonly known to participate in Yellow journalism ( ex .	hidden cameras , aggressive pursuit , harassment , etc . )
An associated state is the minor partner in a formal , free relationship between a political territory with a degree of statehood and a ( usually larger ) nation , for which no other specific term , such as protectorate , is adopted .	The details of such free association are contained in United Nations General Assembly resolution 1541 ( XV ) Principle VI , a Compact of Free Association or Associated Statehood Act and are specific to the countries involved .
Parasitic species do not possess scopae .	The motion of Megachilidae in the reproductive structures of flowers is energetic and swimming-like ; this agitation releases large amounts of pollen .
The Bombyliidae are a family of flies .	Their common name are bee flies or humbleflies .
Bidens is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae .	The common names beggarticks , black jack , burr marigolds , cobbler 's pegs , Spanish needles , stickseeds , tickseeds and tickseed sunflowers refer to the fruits of the plants , most of which are bristly and barbed , with two sharp pappi at the end .
An abrasive is a material , often a mineral , that is used to shape or finish a workpiece through rubbing which leads to part of the workpiece being worn away by friction .	While finishing a material often means polishing it to gain a smooth , reflective surface , the process can also involve roughening as in satin , matte or beaded finishes .
Iltizams were sold off by the government to wealthy notables , who would then reap up to five times the amount they had paid by taxing the peasants and extracting agricultural production .	It was a system that was very profitable and was of great benefit to the Egyptian aristocracy under the Mameluks , and helped create a large and powerful elite .
Despite its relatively small market share , ATV received numerous awards for its programmes .	One of its successes was the local version of the British game show `` Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? ''
The Tijuca Forest ( ) is a tropical rainforest in the city of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .	It is claimed to be the world 's largest urban forest , covering some 32 km² ( 12.4 mi² ) , although there are sources assigning this title to the urban forest of Johannesburg , South Africa , where between 6 and 9.5 million trees were planted .
He has written several critical works and several novels , including the 1968 Nebula Award-winning novel `` Rite of Passage '' and the 1990 Hugo Award-winning study of science fiction `` The World Beyond the Hill '' ( written with his wife , Cory Panshin ) .	Alexis Adams Panshin was born in Lansing , Michigan .
An image retrieval system is a computer system for browsing , searching and retrieving images from a large database of digital images .	Most traditional and common methods of image retrieval utilize some method of adding metadata such as captioning , keywords , or descriptions to the images so that retrieval can be performed over the annotation words .
Her career has spanned nearly five decades , beginning in the 1970s as the lead vocalist of the funk band Rufus .	Khan received public attention for her vocals and image .
Saint-Vincent Cemetery ( ) is a cemetery in the 18th arrondissement of Paris .	Saint-Vincent Cemetery was opened on January 5 , 1831 .
A true antique ( ; `` old '' , `` ancient '' ) is an item perceived as having value because of its aesthetic or historical significance , and often defined as at least 100 years old ( or some other limit ) , although the term is often used loosely to describe any object that is old .	An antique is usually an item that is collected or desirable because of its age , beauty , rarity , condition , utility , personal emotional connection , and/or other unique features .
Located in the city of Newport in South East Wales , its full title is Newport Cathedral of St. Woolos , King & Confessor .	The name `` Woolos '' is an English corruption of Gwynllyw , the 5th-century Welsh saint who first founded a religious establishment on the site .
Hopewell Holdings Limited ( ) , established on 17 October 1972 , is a Hong Kong-listed infrastructure and property firm headed by Sir Gordon Wu .	It was listed on the Hong Kong stock exchanges in 1972 .
It was also nominated for an Emmy Award in its first season for Outstanding Drama Series .	The title alludes to Joan of Arc and the show takes place in the city of Arcadia , Maryland .
It can be most easily distinguished from the similar short-toed treecreeper , which shares much of its European range , by its different song .	The Eurasian treecreeper has nine or more subspecies which breed in different parts of its range in temperate Eurasia .
A keratinocyte is the predominant cell type in the epidermis , the outermost layer of the skin , constituting 90 % of the cells found there .	Those keratinocytes found in the basal layer ( `` stratum basale '' ) of the skin are sometimes referred to as `` basal cells '' or `` basal keratinocytes '' .
The rows of cells develop from stem cells in the basal layer .	Cellular mechanisms for regulating water and sodium levels ( ENaCs ) are found in all layers of the epidermis .
The short-toed treecreeper tends to prefer deciduous trees and lower altitudes than its relative in these overlap areas .	Although mainly sedentary , vagrants have occurred outside the breeding range .
In 1998 , Danza won the People 's Choice Award for Favorite Male Performer in a New Television Series for his work on the 1997 sitcom `` The Tony Danza Show '' ( not to be confused with his 2004–2006 daytime variety talk show of the same name ) .	Danza was born in Brooklyn , New York , to parents Anne Cammisa ( 1925–1993 ) and Matty Iadanza ( 1920–1983 ) His mother was a bookkeeper and his father worked as a waste collector in Brooklyn .
Ali Ahmad Said Esber ( ; born 1 January 1930 ) , also known by the pen name Adonis or Adunis ( ) , is a Syrian poet , essayist and translator who is considered one of the most influential and dominant Arab poets of the modern era .	He led a modernist revolution in the second half of the 20th century , `` exerting a seismic influence '' on Arabic poetry comparable to T.S .
The trademark is currently owned by SAIC after being transferred from bankrupt subsidiary Nanjing Automotive which had acquired it with MG Rover Group in July 2005 .	While running the original Wolseley business , which had a highly cyclical sales pattern , Herbert Austin searched for products with a steady demand .
National was formed in 1936 through amalgamation of conservative and liberal parties , Reform and United respectively , and is New Zealand 's second-oldest extant political party .	National 's predecessors had previously formed a coalition against the growing labour movement .
In 1244 , the Khwarezmians , recently displaced by the advance of the Mongols , took Jerusalem on their way to ally with the Egyptian Mamluks .	This returned Jerusalem to Muslim control , but the fall of Jerusalem was no longer an earth-shattering event to European Christians , who had seen the city pass from Christian to Muslim control numerous times in the past two centuries .
This was the first of several cases across the United States that were reported to the police as supposed acts of retaliation for the attacks .	Balbir Singh Sodhi , who wore a beard and a turban in accordance with his Sikh faith , was mistaken for an Arab Muslim and murdered by 42-year-old Frank Silva Roque , a Boeing aircraft mechanic at a local repair facility who held a criminal record for an attempted robbery in California .
He is best known for his angry demeanour and belligerent comedic style , in which he often simulates having a mental breakdown .	His comedy routines often escalate into angry rants about history , politics , religion , or any other cultural trends .
They were the first Paralympic Winter Games to be held outside Europe .	571 athletes competed in Nagano ; it still remains the highest number of athletes competing at any Winter Paralympics .
A minor party , it has never had its representatives elected to the British or European Parliaments , although it gained a small number of local councillors through defections , and it has had a few of its representatives elected to community councils .	Founded in 1967 , it reached the height of its electoral support during the mid-1970s , when it was briefly the UK 's fourth-largest party in terms of vote share .
Elizabeth Lee McGovern ( born July 18 , 1961 ) is an American film , television , and theater actress , and musician .	She received an Academy Award nomination for her role as Evelyn Nesbit in the 1981 film `` Ragtime '' .
Moka ( Creole pronunciation : [ moka ] ) is a village in Mauritius located in the Moka District , the western part of the village also lies in the Plaines Wilhems District .	The village is administered by the Moka Village Council under the aegis of the Moka District Council .
Though not commercially important themselves , these forage fish support artisanal fisheries and local markets worldwide .	They are also fed upon by other commercially important predatory fishes , such as billfishes , mackerels , and sharks .
The chapel , St. Mary 's Sudeley , is the burial place of Queen Catherine Parr ( 1512–1548 ) , the sixth wife of King Henry VIII , and contains her marble tomb .	Unusually for a castle chapel , St Mary 's of Sudeley is part of the local parish of the Church of England .
It is a broad class of compounds that encompasses anilines , but also many more complex aromatic rings and many amine substituents beyond NH .	Such compounds occur widely .
The fluctuation theorem ( FT ) , which originated from statistical mechanics , deals with the relative probability that the entropy of a system which is currently away from thermodynamic equilibrium ( i.e. , maximum entropy ) will increase or decrease over a given amount of time .	While the second law of thermodynamics predicts that the entropy of an isolated system should tend to increase until it reaches equilibrium , it became apparent after the discovery of statistical mechanics that the second law is only a statistical one , suggesting that there should always be some nonzero probability that the entropy of an isolated system might spontaneously `` decrease '' ; the fluctuation theorem precisely quantifies this probability .
The town stands at the crossroads of the Fosse Way Roman road ( now the A429 ) and the A44 .	It is served by Moreton-in-Marsh railway station on the Cotswold Line .
Mesitylene or 1,3,5-trimethylbenzene is a derivative of benzene with three methyl substituents positioned symmetrically around the ring .	The other two isomeric trimethylbenzenes are 1,2,4-trimethylbenzene ( pseudocumene ) and 1,2,3-trimethylbenzene ( hemimellitene ) .
The club colours are red and white , and their home ground since 1888 has been Oakwell .	In 2016 , Barnsley won two trophies at Wembley Stadium – the Football League Trophy , beating Oxford United 3–2 in the final , and the 2016 Football League play-offs , beating Millwall 3–1 in the final .
, SkyTeam consists of 19 carriers from five continents and operates with the slogan `` Caring more about you '' .	It also operates a cargo alliance named SkyTeam Cargo , which partners ten carriers , all of them SkyTeam members .
After Operation Storm in mid-1995 , the only remaining part of the Republic of Serbian Krajina became that in the east , near the border with Yugoslavia .	In context of successful military interventions Bljesak and Oluja , initial idea that the region of Eastern Slavonia will be integrated back to Croatia through the peaceful means was perceived with astonishment on Croatian side and as a form of pressure from the international community while the military establishment held informal talks about preparation of a military solution for the region under the code name “ Skok u Dalj ” ( “ Jump to Dalj ” ) .
The Dalkon Shield was found to cause severe injury to a disproportionately large percentage of its users , which eventually led to numerous lawsuits , in which juries awarded millions of dollars in compensatory and punitive damages .	In 1970 , the A.H. Robins Company acquired the Dalkon Shield from the Dalkon Corporation , founded by Hugh J. Davis , M.D .
Saab 98 was an automobile built by Saab in 1974 which never reached full production .	Originally it was called X14 , it designed by Björn Envall as a combi coupé based on the Saab 95 and using its floorpan .
Combi coupé is a marketing term used by Saab to describe cars with a sloping coupé-like rear hatchback .	The term joins the European term `` combi '' ( for an estate car / station wagon ) with coupé .
In graph theory , an Eulerian trail ( or Eulerian path ) is a trail in a finite graph which visits every edge exactly once .	Similarly , an Eulerian circuit or Eulerian cycle is an Eulerian trail which starts and ends on the same vertex .
The `` secularization thesis '' refers to the belief that as societies progress , particularly through modernization and rationalization , religion loses its authority in all aspects of social life and governance .	The term secularization is also used in the context of the lifting of the monastic restrictions from a member of the clergy .
Until the officer obtained a command , he was `` on the beach '' and on half-pay .	An officer `` took post '' or was `` made post '' when he was first commissioned to command a vessel .
GESAP S.p.a. is the airport management company of `` '' Falcone Borsellino '' '' Airport in Palermo .	It has a fully paid-up share capital of €15,912,332 divided between the Regional Province of Palermo , the Comune of Palermo , the Chamber of Commerce , the Comune of Cinisi and other minor partners .
This is the only living species in the genus `` Surnia '' of the family Strigidae , the `` typical '' owls ( as opposed to barn owls , Tytonidae ) .	The species is sometimes called simply the hawk owl ; however , many species of owls in the genus `` Ninox '' are also called `` hawk owls '' .
Carter and Ralph Stanley were born on a small farm in Dickenson County , Virginia , near McClure .	Music was a part of their lives even in their early years , and they listened to the likes of the Monroe Brothers , J. E. Mainer 's Mountaineers and the Grand Ole Opry on local radio .
Stanley began playing music in 1946 , originally with his older brother Carter Stanley as part of The Stanley Brothers , and most often as the leader of his band , The Clinch Mountain Boys .	He was part of the first generation of bluegrass musicians and was inducted into both the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor and the Grand Ole Opry .
Unlike the United Kingdom and United States , but like neighbouring New Zealand , the 1980s saw the Australian Labor Party initiate Third Way economic reforms , which bear some familiarity to `` New Right '' ideology .	After the John Howard Coalition ended the 13-year rule of the Hawke-Keating Labor government at the 1996 federal election , economic reforms were taken further , some examples being wholesale labor market deregulation ( e.g .
They were the first Winter Paralympics in the American continent .	These were the first Paralympic Winter Games for Andorra , Chile ,
In particular , the GX models have more onboard memory than the G models .	The G+ models have more onboard memory only .
John Maxwell Coetzee ( born 9 February 1940 ) is a South African-born novelist , essayist , linguist , translator and recipient of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature .	He relocated to Australia in 2002 and lives in Adelaide .
The expression was introduced to English by U.S. military personnel fighting in the Philippine–American War ( 1899-1902 ) .	It derives from the Tagalog word `` '' bundók '' '' , which means `` mountain '' .
It was probably created between 650 and 700 .	The place of creation may perhaps have been Durrow Abbey in Ireland or a monastery in Northumbria in northeastern England ( where the monastery at Lindisfarne would be the likely candidate ) or perhaps Iona Abbey in western Scotland—the place of origin has been debated by historians for decades without a consensus emerging .
The form is two hendecasyllabic verses , and a third verse beginning the same way and continuing with five additional syllables ( given as the stanza 's fourth verse in ancient and modern editions , and known as the Adonic or adonean line ) .	Using `` - '' for a long syllable , `` u '' for a short and `` x '' for an `` anceps '' ( or free syllable ) , and displaying the Adonic as a fourth line :
It is 495 mm by 345 mm and has 423 vellum folia .	It is also thought to be the third illuminated Bible to have been made at Tours following the Bamberg ( Staatsbibliothek Bamberg Msc .
The upper cover of the Lindau Gospels is probably a product of the same workshop , though there are differences of style .	This workshop is associated with the Holy Roman Emperor Charles II ( the Bald ) , and often called his `` Palace School '' .
Concert pitch is the pitch reference to which a group of musical instruments are tuned for a performance .	Concert pitch may vary from ensemble to ensemble , and has varied widely over musical history .
It was founded in 1999 by the conductor Daniel Barenboim and academic Edward Said , and named after an anthology of poems by Goethe .	Martha Argerich , pianist and longtime performing partner of Barenboim , was named an honorary member of the orchestra in 2015 .
The sound has been included in all subsequent versions of Mac OS , including Mac OS X .	During the development of System 7 , the two Apples concluded a settlement agreement from an earlier dispute when Apple added a sound synthesis chip to its IIgs machine .
The Ontario general election of 2003 was held on October 2 , 2003 , to elect the 103 members of the 38th Legislative Assembly ( Members of Provincial Parliament , or `` MPPs '' ) of the Province of Ontario , Canada .	The election was called on September 2 by Premier Ernie Eves to capitalize on an increase in support for the governing Ontario Progressive Conservative Party in the days following the 2003 North American blackout .
In 2004 , the foundation brought eight people from Israel and the Palestinian territories together in a month-long sailing and mountain climbing expedition to Antarctica .	Their journey to break the ice received the support and public endorsements of Nobel Peace Prize Laureates the Dalai Lama , Shimon Peres , Mikhail Gorbachev , Kofi Annan , and many more .
Gjon Buzuku ( 16th century ) was an Albanian Catholic priest who wrote the first known printed book in Albanian .	Gjon Buzuku was born in the village of Ljare ( Krajina , ) in the Bar district , close to Northern Albania ( Krajë is located on the shores of Skadar Lake ) , then Ottoman Empire .
Red Leicester ( also known simply as Leicester or Leicestershire cheese ) is an English cheese , made in a similar manner to Cheddar cheese , although it is crumblier , sold at 3 to 12 months of age .	The rind is reddish-orange with a powdery mould on it .
The Sheffield Rally was a political event held by the Labour Party on Wednesday 1 April 1992 , a week ahead of the 1992 UK general election on 9 April .	An event in preparation for eighteen months , the rally was held at the Sheffield Arena , an indoor sports venue in Sheffield , England .
A regular polyhedron is a polyhedron whose symmetry group acts transitively on its flags .	A regular polyhedron is highly symmetrical , being all of edge-transitive , vertex-transitive and face-transitive .
The battle , launched to restore Croatian control of of territory , representing 18.4 % of the territory it claimed , and Bosnian control of Western Bosnia , was the largest European land battle since the Second World War .	Operation Storm commenced at dawn on 4 August 1995 and was declared complete on the evening of 7 August , despite significant mopping-up operations against pockets of resistance lasting until 14 August .
Regular polygons may be either convex or star .	In the limit , a sequence of regular polygons with an increasing number of sides approximates a circle , if the perimeter or area is fixed , or a regular apeirogon ( effectively a straight line ) , if the edge length is fixed .
He also won two Olympic gold medals with Team Canada in the 2002 and 2010 Winter Olympic Games , as well as several other medals with Team Canada in other international competitions .	Brodeur is widely regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders of all time and in 2017 was named by the league as one of the `` 100 Greatest NHL Players '' .
After retiring from his playing career , he became the assistant coach for the New Jersey Devils .	Having a very successful four years , he helped get the team to two Stanley Cup finals and one Stanley Cup victory .
It is sponsored by Cherry Red Records , and therefore officially known as the Cherry Red Records Combined Counties Football League .	It was founded in 1922 as the Surrey Senior League and was renamed in 1978 to the Combined Counties League .
It now consists of 82 teams in four divisions ; the Premier Division above its three feeder divisions , the North , South Central and South East divisions .	Together with the Southern League and the Northern Premier League , it forms the seventh and eighth levels of the English football league system .
As of September 2014 , there were 855,815 postal codes using `` Forward Sortation Areas '' from A0A in Newfoundland to Y1A in the Yukon .	Canada Post provides a free postal code look-up tool on its website , via its mobile application , and sells hard-copy directories and CD-ROMs .
This is a list of postal codes in Canada where the first letter is L. Postal codes beginning with L are located within the Canadian province of Ontario .	Only the first three characters are listed , corresponding to the Forward Sortation Area .
The Velvet Underground is the self-titled third studio album by American rock band the Velvet Underground .	Released in March 1969 , it was their first record with Doug Yule , who was a replacement for John Cale .
The last published hard copy issue of the magazine was the Winter 2002 issue .	The next issue ( Spring , 2003 ) was planned but never published in hard copy format .
Captain Jack Sparrow is a fictional character in the `` Pirates of the Caribbean '' film series .	The character was created by screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio , and is portrayed by Johnny Depp .
He is the author of several books , most recently `` Whole Earth Discipline : An Ecopragmatist Manifesto '' .	Brand attended Phillips Exeter Academy .
First published in the 19th century , it is still in current use .	It was first published in 1814 in Manchester .
Geographically , the league covers all of Northern England and the northern/central areas of the Midlands .	Originally a single-division competition , a second division was added in 1987 : Division One , and in 2007 a third was added when Division One split into two geographic sections - Division One North and Division One South .
Crêpes are usually of two types : `` sweet crêpes '' ( `` crêpes sucrées '' ) and `` savoury galettes '' ( `` crêpes salées '' ) .	Crêpes are served with a variety of fillings , from the simplest with only sugar to flambéed crêpes Suzette or elaborate savoury galettes .
Sir Joseph William Bazalgette , CB ( ; 28 March 181915 March 1891 ) was a 19th-century English civil engineer .	As chief engineer of London 's Metropolitan Board of Works his major achievement was the creation ( in response to the Great Stink of 1858 ) of a sewer network for central London which was instrumental in relieving the city from cholera epidemics , while beginning the cleansing of the River Thames .
A modal—a word that expresses a modality—qualifies a statement .	For example , the statement `` John is happy '' might be qualified by saying that John is usually happy , in which case the term `` usually '' is functioning as a modal .
U.S. English is the umbrella name for two American political advocacy groups founded in 1983 by former United States Senator S.I .	Hayakawa to advocate the adoption of English as the official language of the United States .
Robert Delaunay was born in Paris , the son of George Delaunay and Countess Berthe Félicie de Rose .	While he was a child , Delaunay 's parents divorced , and he was raised by his mother 's sister Marie and her husband Charles Damour , in La Ronchère near Bourges .
Pornography in the United States has existed since the country 's origins and has become more readily accessible in the 21st century .	Advanced by technological development , it has gone from a hard to find `` back alley '' item , beginning in 1969 with `` Blue Movie '' by Andy Warhol , the Golden Age of Porn ( 1969–1984 ) and home video , to being more available in the country and later , starting in the 1990s , readily accessible to nearly anyone with a computer or other device connected to the Internet .
However , it is also becoming used more often for the playing of Irish and British jigs , reels and hornpipes , it being easier to produce some ornamentation on the whistle , due to the size of the finger holes .	The most common low whistle is the `` Low D '' , pitched one octave below the traditional D whistle .
For example , in coffee growing the ripe red cherries are picked from the coffee bushes and before fermentation and later drying the soft pulp needs to be removed ( otherwise a potentially uncontrollable fermentation/rot will occur ) .	In the case of coffee the pulping is normally done in a pulper that is either hand-cranked or engine-driven ; the beans are emptied into an elevated hopper and then dropped through a narrow slot within which they come into contact with a rotating spiked drum that removes the pulp or flesh .
He began his career directing television in Canada and later in the U.S. By the late 1950s he began directing films , most often comedies .	He also directed dramas and romantic subjects , such as `` Love Story '' ( 1970 ) , which was nominated for seven Oscars .
He was finance minister of the Republic of China from 1990 to 1992 and is the chairman of the Chinese Management Association ( CMA ) ( since 1990 ) .	Wang was the President of the Control Yuan from August 2008 to August 2014 .
In 1964 Spivak received a Ph.D. from Princeton University under the supervision of John Milnor .	In 1985 Spivak received the Leroy P. Steele Prize .
Romanization of Korean refers to systems for representing the Korean language in the Latin script .	Korea 's alphabetic script is called Hangul , that used to be and is still occasionally written in combination with , but nowadays generally independently from Hanja ( Chinese characters ) .
In practice , such territories are always sparsely populated .	Historically , the term `` unorganized territory '' was applied to an area in which there was no effective government control of affairs on a day-to-day basis , such as the former U.S. territories where the government exerted only transient control when its forces were actually present .
Henipavirus is a genus of RNA viruses in the family `` Paramyxoviridae '' , order `` Mononegavirales '' containing five established species .	Henipaviruses are naturally harboured by pteropid fruit bats ( flying foxes ) and microbats of several species .
Interspersed with these there are a number of stories which are intended to give context and amusement .	According to the introduction of Colville 's English translation , Muḥammad ibn Muḥammad al-Nafzawi probably wrote `` The Perfumed Garden '' sometime during the twelfth century .
Su Tseng-chang ( ; born 28 July 1947 ) is a Taiwanese politician .	He was the chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party from 2012 to 2014 .
The Jämthund is eponymous to Jämtland , a province in the middle of Sweden .	The dog is described as having a wolf-like appearance .
The Milwaukee Mustangs were a professional arena football team based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .	The team was a member of the Arena Football League , playing from 1994 to 2001 .
Archimedes ' principle states that the upward buoyant force that is exerted on a body immersed in a fluid , whether fully or partially submerged , is equal to the weight of the fluid that the body displaces and acts in the upward direction at the center of mass of the displaced fluid .	Archimedes ' principle is a law of physics fundamental to fluid mechanics .
In the 19th century , the title was appropriated by Belgium and granted twice to younger sons of the King of the Belgians .	The most recent holder died in 1983 .
As of 1990 , all or many of the MCDs in 20 states were general-purpose governmental units : Connecticut , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , North Dakota , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Dakota , Vermont , and Wisconsin .	Most of these MCDs are legally designated as towns or townships .
Although he was a member of parliament from the age of 22 , and then a member of the House of Lords , his main interests were not in politics , but rather in his estates , in horse racing , and in country pursuits .	He developed the stud at Eaton Hall and achieved success in racing his horses , winning the Derby on four occasions .
King is known for its horse and cattle farms .	Though King is predominantly rural , most of its residents inhabit the communities of King City , Nobleton , and Schomberg .
Located in northern Taiwan , the city includes a substantial stretch of the island 's northern coastline and surrounds the Taipei Basin , making it the second largest special municipality by area , behind Kaohsiung .	New Taipei City is bordered by Keelung to the northeast , Yilan County to the southeast , and Taoyuan to the southwest .
Colonel Reginald Edward Harry Dyer CB ( 9 October 1864 – 23 July 1927 ) was an officer of the British Indian Army who , as a temporary brigadier-general , was responsible for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre in Amritsar ( in the province of Punjab ) .	Considered `` the Butcher of Amritsar '' , Dyer was removed from duty ; he was criticised both in Britain and India , but he became a celebrated hero among people with connections to the British Raj .
However , it once did produce several of its own TOC clients , including TiK and TAC which are written in Tcl/Tk , TNT which is written in Emacs Lisp , all of which are open source , and a Java client originally called TIC which later became the Quick Buddy web applet .	AOL also provided the TOC protocol specification openly to developers in the hopes that they will use it instead of the proprietary OSCAR protocol they use themselves .
He is best known as the composer of `` Barnum and Bailey 's Favorite '' .	Karl Lawrence King was born in the village of Paintersville , Ohio .
Sigismund and his brother Godomar were defeated in battle by Clovis ' sons and Godomar fled .	Sigismund was taken by Chlodomer , King of Orléans , where he was kept as a prisoner .
The leaves are spirally arranged , oblate to narrow elliptic , 3 inches long and start out red-bronze in the spring only to develop into a dark-green .	The flowers are white , bell-shaped , 5 mm long .
Closely related illusory dance styles and techniques are often integrated into popping to create a more varied performance .	These dance styles include the robot , waving and tutting .
Billy Rose ( born William Samuel Rosenberg , September 6 , 1899 – February 10 , 1966 ) was an American impresario , theatrical showman and lyricist .	For years both before and after World War II , Billy Rose was a major force in entertainment , with shows such as `` Billy Rose 's Crazy Quilt '' ( 1931 ) , `` Jumbo '' ( 1935 ) , `` Billy Rose 's Aquacade '' ( 1937 ) , and `` Carmen Jones '' ( 1943 ) .
The satellite bus for the first HETE-1 was designed and built by AeroAstro , Inc. of Herndon , VA ; the replacement satellite , HETE-2 , was built by MIT based on the original HETE design .	The first HETE was lost during the launch on Nov.4 , 1996 .
He was the father of Hollywood star and former Governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger .	Gustav Schwarzenegger was born in Austria-Hungary , the son of Cecelia ( née Hinterleitner , 1878-1968 ) and Karl Schwarzenegger ( 1872-1927 ) .
Joseph Papp ( born Joseph Papirofsky ; June 22 , 1921 – October 31 , 1991 ) was an American theatrical producer and director .	He established The Public Theater in what had been the Astor Library Building in lower Manhattan .
Less formally , a group ring is a generalization of a given group , by attaching to each element of the group a `` weighting factor '' from a given ring .	A group ring is also referred to as a group algebra , for it is indeed an algebra over the given ring .
The river rises in the Himalayas in central Himachal Pradesh , India , and flows for some to the Sutlej River in the Indian state of Punjab .	Its total length is and its drainage basin is large .
To the southwest is the smaller Alpetragius and further south is the slightly smaller Arzachel .	Together with Ptolemaeus and Arzachel , the crater form a prominent line of craters .
It typifies craters that formed during the Copernican period in that it has a prominent ray system .	Copernicus is visible using binoculars , and is located slightly northwest of the center of the Moon 's Earth-facing hemisphere .
While a sophomore in high school , Owens was appointed a Page in the U.S. House of Representatives by Congressman ( and later , Speaker of the House ) Jim Wright .	Owens was assigned by the Doorkeeper of the House to the Republican cloakroom , where he worked for notable Republicans who were serving in the House then such as George H.W .
In matrix algebra , a diagonal of a square matrix is a set of entries extending from one corner to the farthest corner .	There are also other , non-mathematical uses .
Tartans originated in woven wool , but now they are made in many other materials .	Tartan is particularly associated with Scotland .
Gravelines ( ) is a commune in the Nord department in Northern France .	It lies at the mouth of the river Aa southwest of Dunkirk .
Trio was a German band , formed in the small German town of Großenkneten in 1979 .	The band is most noted for the song `` Da Da Da '' which was a hit in 30 countries worldwide .
After leaving school he entered the old family publishing firm of Witherby and Co , from which he retired in 1936 , but resumed work again after the outbreak of the second world war .	The family firm of H F and G Witherby , originally printers , began to publish bird books early in the 20th century .
Use Your Illusion I is the third studio album by American rock band Guns N ' Roses , released on the same day as its counterpart `` Use Your Illusion II '' .	Both albums were released in conjunction with the Use Your Illusion Tour .
He began his NHL career with the Montreal Canadiens in 1995–96 after three seasons with TPS of the Finnish SM-liiga .	Koivu served as the Canadiens ' captain for ten of his 14 years with the club , which makes him the longest captaincy tenure in team history , tied with Jean Béliveau .
Produced by frontman Trent Reznor and Flood , it consists entirely of new material and replaces the synth-pop style of the band 's 1989 debut album `` Pretty Hate Machine '' with a considerably heavier sound that would act as a precursor to their second album `` The Downward Spiral '' ( 1994 ) .	The music videos that accompanied five of the eight tracks were widely censored from television airplay due to their explicit content .
He won both the Ford Cup as the top defensive player and Guy Lafleur Trophy as playoff MVP in 1995 and is a two-time QMJHL Second Team All-Star .	Drafted 44th overall by the Canadiens in 1994 , Théodore played eight seasons in Montreal , where he won the Vezina and Hart trophies , both in 2002 .
It serves as a companion release to `` Broken '' ( 1992 ) , and includes remixes by Coil , Danny Hyde , JG Thirlwell , and Butch Vig , as well as then-live band members Chris Vrenna and James Woolley .	`` Fixed '' charted in New Zealand and Canada in 1993 and was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) on March 1 , 1995 .
The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on June 26 , 1996 , denoting sales in excess of 500,000 copies in the US .	`` Further Down the Spiral '' showed a more varied and experimental point of view to the original and boasted many high-profile remixers and contributors including Aphex Twin , JG Thirlwell , Rick Rubin with Dave Navarro and Coil with Danny Hyde .
Generally considered as one of the innovators of the slapshot , he was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1972 following a 16-year career with the Montreal Canadiens and New York Rangers of the National Hockey League .	In 2017 Geoffrion was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players ' in history .
His coaching career includes head coaching positions with the New Jersey Devils ( on which he held on two separate occasions ) , as well as the Los Angeles Kings .	For his play in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the Montreal Canadiens and Los Angeles Kings , Robinson was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1995 .
`` March of the Pigs '' has an unusual meter , alternating three bars of 7/8 time with one bar of 8/8 time ( in effect , a 29/8 time signature ) .	According to the liner notes , the song has a BPM rate of 269 .
Quercus petraea , commonly known as the sessile oak , Cornish oak , or durmast oak , is a species of oak tree native to most of Europe and into Anatolia and Iran .	The sessile oak is the national tree of the Republic of Ireland , and an unofficial emblem in Wales and Cornwall .
In 1922 , however , Joliat was awarded to the Montreal Canadiens in compensation for the Saskatoon Sheiks of the Western Canada Hockey League signing aging superstar Newsy Lalonde .	At first , the deal of an unknown for the greatest player in the game was wildly unpopular with Habs fans , but the `` Little Giant '' proved an immediate success on the ice .
To ensure geographical continuity , a certain number of members is allocated for each of the five UN regional groupings .	In addition , one of the non-permanent members of the council is an Arab country , alternately from the African or Asia-Pacific groups .
The university offers American-style learning programs at the undergraduate , graduate and professional levels , along with a continuing education program .	The AUC student body represents over 50 countries .
`` The Day the World Went Away '' contains no drums .	To date , it is the only NIN single to reach the top 20 on the `` Billboard '' Hot 100 .
Things Falling Apart is the second remix album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails , released on November 21 , 2000 by Nothing Records and Interscope Records .	It is the companion remix disc to `` The Fragile '' .
The species name means 'eastern ' .	( In comparison , the 'western ' plane ( or American sycamore ) is named `` Platanus occidentalis '' ) The eastern plane 's original distribution was eastward from the Balkans .
Some authorities think that it may be a cultivar of `` P. orientalis '' .	The London plane is a large deciduous tree growing , exceptionally over tall , with a trunk up to or more in circumference .
A total of 41 episodes of 30 minutes each were produced .	Episodes from the first three seasons were taped at the now defunct Nickelodeon Studios in Orlando , Florida , and was one of the few single-camera productions there , while season 4 episodes were shot in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Saudi Arabia ( , ; ' ) , officially the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ( KSA ; ' , ) , is a country in Western Asia constituting the bulk of the Arabian Peninsula .	With a land area of approximately , Saudi Arabia is the largest sovereign state in the Middle East , geographically the fifth-largest in Asia , second-largest in the Arab world after Algeria and 12th-largest in the world .
It is close to the Nottinghamshire border and within short distances of Nottingham , East Midlands Airport and Derby .	The town has the world 's largest bell foundry – John Taylor Bellfounders – which made bells for the Carillon war memorial , a landmark in the Queens Park in the town , of Great Paul for St Paul 's Cathedral , and for York Minster .
It broadcasts on K band from three communications satellites , Anik F1R and Anik G1 at 107.3°W , and Anik F2 at 111.1°W ; these satellites are owned by Telesat Canada and otherwise are used primarily to distribute programming to various Canadian cable TV companies .	The company was formerly known as Star Choice until April 15 , 2009 .
Wagga Wagga ( ; informally called Wagga ) is a major regional city in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia .	Straddling the Murrumbidgee River , with an urban population of more than 54,000 as at the 2016 census , Wagga Wagga is the state 's largest inland city , and is an important agricultural , military , and transport hub of Australia .
Skippers are a family , Hesperiidae , of the Lepidoptera ( moths and butterflies ) .	Being diurnal , they are generally called butterflies .
The chimney swift ( `` Chaetura pelagica '' ) is a bird belonging to the swift family Apodidae .	A member of the genus `` Chaetura '' , it is closely related to both the Vaux 's swift and the Chapman 's swift ; in the past , the three were sometimes considered to be conspecific .
It includes the generation and commercialization of goods and services lending themselves to maintaining and re-establishing health .	The modern healthcare industry is divided into many sectors and depends on interdisciplinary teams of trained professionals and paraprofessionals to meet health needs of individuals and populations .
In more recent times , the meaning has been broadened to include a view of invariant ( or equivariant ) transformations from the space of functions on one geometrical space to the space of functions on another geometrical space .	Such transformations often take the form of integral transforms such as the Radon transform and its generalizations .
The Georgian era is a period in British history from 1714 to , named after the Hanoverian kings George I , George II , George III and George IV .	The sub-period that is the Regency era is defined by the regency of George IV as Prince of Wales during the illness of his father George III .
The magazine 's website , MensHealth.com , averages over 118 million page views a month .	Started by Mark Bricklin in 1986 as a health magazine , `` Men 's Health '' evolved into a lifestyle magazine , covering fitness , nutrition , relationships , travel , technology , fashion , and finance .
The now-ruinous keep of the medieval Norman castle is commonly referred to as Clifford 's Tower .	Built originally on the orders of William I to dominate the former Viking city of York , the castle suffered a tumultuous early history before developing into a major fortification with extensive water defences .
Situated on the border with Hertfordshire , it occupies a large area of land on the south bank of the upper Stort Valley , which has been made navigable through other towns and features a canal section near its watermill .	Old Harlow is a village-size suburb founded by the early medieval age and most of its high street buildings are early Victorian and residential , mostly protected by one of the Conservation Areas in the district .
Welwyn is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire , England .	The parish also includes the villages of Digswell and Oaklands .
During the 12th century a charter was granted allowing a market , and the building of St Mary 's Church began .	The town grew partly due to travellers going to Berkhamsted Castle and the royal palace at Kings Langley .
The 2011 Census recorded the town 's population at 33,698 inhabitants , making it the largest settlement in North Ayrshire .	Irvine was the site of Scotland 's 12th century Military Capital and former headquarters of the Lord High Constable of Scotland , Hugh de Morville .
This lack of accountability made it unpopular with Londoners , especially in its latter years when it fell prey to corruption .	London 's growth had rapidly accelerated with the increase in railway commuting from the 1830s onwards .
It borders the borough of Gravesham to the east , Sevenoaks District to the south , the London Borough of Bexley to the west , and the Thurrock unitary authority in Essex to the north , across the River Thames .	The borough was formed on 1 April 1974 by the merger of the Municipal Borough of Dartford , the Swanscombe Urban District , and part of the Dartford Rural District .
The town is best known for its culinary speciality , the Melton Mowbray pork pie , and it is one of the six homes of Stilton cheese .	Melton Mowbray is promoted as the `` Rural Capital of Food '' .
Oadby and Wigston is a local government district and borough in the English county of Leicestershire .	It was formed in 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , from the merger of the Oadby and Wigston urban districts .
The capital city of Mani is Areopoli .	Mani is the central peninsula of the three which extend southwards from the Peloponnese in southern Greece .
North West Leicestershire is a local government district in Leicestershire , England .	The population of the Local Authority at the 2011 census was 93,348 .
In Estonian mythology , it is called `` Toonela '' or `` Manala '' .	According to traditional Finnish religion , the fate of good and bad people is the same and the dead wander the afterlife as shadow-like ghosts .
The town is also the post town , entertainment and commercial area of three adjoining communities : Merstham , Earlswood and Whitebushes , as well as of two small rural villages to the east in the Tandridge District , Bletchingley and Nutfield .	Redhill is sited about 3 miles south of a minor pass at Merstham ( elevation of around 120 m ( 390 ft ) compared to a height of around 180 m ( 590 ft ) on either side ) in the North Downs , through which passes the London-Brighton road .
East Midlands Airport has established itself as a hub for low-fare airlines such as Jet2.com and Ryanair and tour operators like TUI Airways which serve a range of domestic and European short-haul destinations .	It is also a base for BMI Regional , Flybe , and Thomas Cook Airlines .
The station is in the Cassiobury area , on Cassiobury Park Avenue at the junction with Metropolitan Station Approach , close to two of the entrances to Cassiobury Park .	It is approximately from the town centre , which is more immediately served by and stations .
The station building , designed by James Robb Scott in Portland stone and dating from 1937 , is in Art Deco style and its facade includes a square clock .	The area in front of the station main entrance was pedestrianised in 2013 .
The station , which is in Travelcard Zones 3 and 4 , is served by both the District line on the London Underground and the North London line on the London Overground , and is situated midway between and stations .	Kew Gardens is the nearest station to the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , about to the west , and The National Archives , about to the north east .
The majority of X-plane testing has occurred at Edwards Air Force Base .	Some of the X-planes have been well publicized , while others , such as the X-16 , have been developed in secrecy .
Hubert Miles Gladwyn Jebb , 1st Baron Gladwyn known as Gladwyn Jebb ( 25 April 1900 – 24 October 1996 ) , was a prominent British civil servant , diplomat and politician as well as the Acting Secretary-General of the United Nations for a little over three months .	The son of Sydney Jebb , of Firbeck Hall , Yorkshire , Jebb was educated at Eton College , then Magdalen College , Oxford , gaining a First in History .
`` Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water '' debuted at number one on the `` Billboard '' 200 , selling 1,050,000 copies in its first week of being released , with 400,000 of those copies being sold in the album 's first day of release—the largest first-week sales debut for a rock album in the United States ever since Nielsen Soundscan began tracking album sales in 1991 .	In its second week of being released , `` Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water '' sold 392,000 copies .
His first flight , was only 18 meters at about 1 meter altitude , and was not controlled .	Jatho eventually gave up , noting `` In spite of many efforts , ( I ) can not make longer or higher flights .
The name of the algorithm is derived from the concept of a simplex and was suggested by T. S. Motzkin .	Simplices are not actually used in the method , but one interpretation of it is that it operates on simplicial `` cones '' , and these become proper simplices with an additional constraint .
Brazilian Silicon Valley is a term commonly applied to the region of Campinas and in southern region this term is applied for Florianópolis city , Brazil because of its similarity to the 'original ' Silicon Valley , located in California in the USA .	Campinas has gained this distinction because it has several comparable features , such as :
In 2010 , Star Channel staff was escorted out of the Eurovision Song Contest by police after accusations were made that it was transmitting footage from the dress rehearsal illegally .	In 2013 , Star started combining information with entertainment , resulting in the channel 's shift to a more serious tone .
His dream related writings influenced the later works of Gérard de Nerval .	He was born at Besançon in France , near the border with Switzerland .
In eukaryotes , SRP binds to the signal sequence of a newly synthesized peptide as it emerges from the ribosome .	This binding leads to the slowing of protein synthesis known as `` elongation arrest '' , a conserved function of SRP that facilitates the coupling of the protein translation and the protein translocation processes .
It allows the aircraft 's shape to be modified in flight , and is therefore an example of a variable-geometry aircraft .	Typically , a swept wing is more suitable for high speeds , while an unswept wing is suitable for lower speeds , allowing the aircraft to carry more fuel and/or payload , as well as improving field ( take-off and landing ) performance .
Lord Hanson and Gordon White ( later Lord White of Hull ) formed a partnership in the 1960s , and began a greetings card business .	The two men also began buying other companies , in such diverse industries as fertilisers and bricks , which all sat under the umbrella of a listed entity called Hanson Trust ( later renamed simply Hanson ) .
This species is very popularly kept as a pet and exhibited in zoos .	Adults of this species can reach a total length of up to , with the tail accounting for more than half .
Out of the company 's design studies , it was quickly decided to settle on a single-engine , twin-boom aircraft , powered by the Halford H.1 turbojet engine ( later produced as the `` Goblin '' ) .	Aside from its propulsion system and twin-boom configuration , it was a relatively conventional aircraft .
In economic development , the staples thesis is a theory of export-led growth based on Canadian experience .	The theory `` has its origins in research into Canadian social , political , and economic history carried out in Canadian universities ... by members of what were then known as departments of political economy '' .
He was a key figure in the Irish Literary Revival and was one of the co-founders of the Abbey Theatre .	He is best known for his play `` The Playboy of the Western World '' , which caused riots in Dublin during its opening run at the Abbey Theatre .
James Nayler ( or Naylor ; 1616–1660 ) was an English Quaker leader .	He was among the members of the Valiant Sixty , a group of early Quaker preachers and missionaries .
They are part of the environment in which a process runs .	For example , a running process can query the value of the TEMP environment variable to discover a suitable location to store temporary files , or the HOME or USERPROFILE variable to find the directory structure owned by the user running the process .
In 1838 , he bought for 330,000 francs Désiré Dalloz 's place in the Court of Cassation .	He was elected deputy for Le Mans in 1841 with little opposition ; but the violence of his electoral speeches led to his being tried at Angers and sentenced to four months ' imprisonment and a fine , against which he appealed successfully on a technical point .
Garnier-Pagès was born in Marseille .	He served as a member of the Provisional Government of 1848 under Jacques-Charles Dupont de l'Eure as well as Mayor of Paris from February to March 1848 , and then a member of the Government of National Defense ( 1870-1871 ) under Louis Jules Trochu as a minister without portfolio .
In 1848 he emigrated to New York City , where he resided until his death .	He received American citizenship in 1865 .
He was the younger brother of the liberal economist Jérôme-Adolphe Blanqui .	He studied both law and medicine , but found his real vocation in politics , and quickly became a champion of the most advanced opinions .
Pandoro appeared in remote times , the product of the ancient art of breadmaking , as the name , `` pan d'oro '' ( literally : 'golden bread ' ) , suggests .	Throughout the Middle Ages , white bread was consumed solely by the rich , while the common people could only afford black bread and , often , not even that .
Educated at Saint-Cyr , he served for a short time in the bodyguard of Louis XVIII , and entered the line as a lieutenant in January 1815 .	He achieved distinction in the Spanish campaign of 1823 , and became captain in 1825 .
Molé was born in Paris .	His father , a president of the parlement of Paris , who came of the family of the famous president noted below , was guillotined during the Terror .
Wrexham is situated between the Welsh mountains and the lower Dee Valley alongside the border with England .	Historically part of Denbighshire , the town became part of Clwyd in 1974 and since 1996 has been the centre of the Wrexham County Borough .
At twelve years of age he was nominated colonel of the first regiment of chasseurs , and in 1830 he became a chevalier of the Order of the Saint Esprit and entered the `` Chambre des Pairs '' .	As early as 1825 his name was mentioned as a possible candidate for the throne of Greece , and in February 1831 he was nominated king of the Belgians , but international considerations deterred Louis-Philippe from accepting the honour for his son , who was accompanying the French army that entered Belgium to support the new kingdom in its separation from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands ; there he took part in the siege of Antwerp .
The book 's protagonist , Humphrey van Weyden , is a literary critic who is a survivor of an ocean collision and who comes under the dominance of Wolf Larsen , the powerful and amoral sea captain who rescues him .	Its first printing of forty thousand copies was immediately sold out before publication on the strength of London 's previous `` The Call of the Wild '' .
Though its popularity as a spa town waned with the advent of sea bathing , the town remains highly popular and derives some 30 per cent of its income from the tourist industry .	The town has a population of around 56,500 , and is the administrative centre of Tunbridge Wells Borough and the parliamentary constituency of Tunbridge Wells .
René François Nicolas Marie Bazin ( 26 December 1853 – 20 July 1932 ) was a French novelist .	Born at Angers , he studied law in Paris , and on his return to Angers became Professor of Law in the Catholic university .
However , it is also commonly referred to as the Oakland Hills firestorm or the East Bay Hills fire .	The fire ultimately killed 25 people and injured 150 others .
In the United States and Europe , the syndrome is commonly known as genital retraction syndrome .	The condition can be diagnosed through psychological assessment along with physical examination to rule out genuine disorders of the genitalia that could be causing true retraction .
However , the town 's claim of geographical origin is disputed by other localities .	Today , it is mainly produced in the northern Italian regions of Piedmont and Lombardy .
The re-release of their second single , `` My House '' ( from the album `` Formaldehyde '' ) , in January 1994 proved to be Terrorvision 's breakthrough to UK Singles Chart success , and preceded by months the release of their second album `` How to Make Friends and Influence People '' in April 1994 .	The leading single from that album , `` Oblivion '' , was also a chart success .
An individual may use several different sets of post-nominal letters .	Honours are listed first in descending order of precedence , followed by degrees and memberships of learned societies in ascending order .
Starless and Bible Black is the sixth studio album by English progressive rock band King Crimson , released in March 1974 by Island Records in the United Kingdom and by Atlantic Records in the United States .	Much of the album was recorded live , but edited and blended with studio material .
From 1934 onwards , the race was dominated by the German Silver Arrows .	In 1937 , several spectators were killed or injured when Hermann Lang skidded off the track .
It took place in 479 BC near the city of Plataea in Boeotia , and was fought between an alliance of the Greek city-states ( including Sparta , Athens , Corinth and Megara ) , and the Persian Empire of Xerxes I ( allied with Boeotians , Thessalians , and Macedonians ) .	The previous year the Persian invasion force , led by the Persian king in person , had scored victories at the battles of Thermopylae and Artemisium and conquered Thessaly , Phocis , Boeotia , Euboea and Attica .
A wand that is used for magical purposes is often called a magic wand , rather than simply a wand .	Wands are distinct from scepters , which have a greater thickness , are held differently , and have a relatively large top ornament on them .
Hugh John Blagdon Hood , OC ( b in Toronto , Ontario 30 Apr 1928 – d in Montreal , Quebec 1 Aug 2000 ) was a Canadian novelist , short story writer , essayist and university professor .	Hood wrote 32 books : 17 novels including the 12-volume New Age novel sequence ( influenced by Marcel Proust and Anthony Powell ) , several volumes of short fiction , and 5 of nonfiction .
As the Solent valley flooded and the island eroded , the river received less water flow and more sediment , causing it to become more tidal .	The river is bridged at Newport .
Since the ISU-152 has no turret , aiming the gun was awkward , and had to be done by repositioning the entire vehicle using the tracks .	Therefore it was used as mobile artillery to support more mobile infantry and armor attacks .
The city of Rouyn-Noranda is a coextensive with a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality ( TE ) and census division ( CD ) of Quebec of the same name .	Their geographical code is 86 .
Eugenie Carol Scott ( born October 24 , 1945 ) is an American physical anthropologist , a former university professor and educator who has been active in opposing the teaching of young Earth creationism and intelligent design in schools .	From 1986 to 2014 , Scott served as the Executive Director of the National Center for Science Education , a nonprofit science education organization supporting teaching of evolutionary science .
Although he tried to consolidate the Caliphate , the raising of taxes ( to pay for mosques amongst other things ) led to heavy opposition from the Muslim clerics .	After the murder of his Vizier al-Hakam by a conspiracy of Cordoban Patricians , Hisham was imprisoned .
It is located in the Longwood Medical Area of the Mission Hill neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .	There are approximately 2,900 full- and part-time voting faculty members consisting of assistant , associate , and full professors , and over 5,000 full or part-time , non-voting instructors .
Tolar attended Northwestern State University of Louisiana .	At Northwestern , Tolar was twice Gulf States Conference MVP and still holds four school records .
The Supreme Court declared the Arkansas statute unconstitutional because it violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	After this decision , some jurisdictions passed laws that required the teaching of creation science alongside evolution when evolution was taught .
The most common instances of pesticide misuse are applications inconsistent with the labeling , which can include the use of a material in any way not described on the label , changing dosage rates , or violating specific safety instructions .	Pesticide labels have been criticized as a poor risk communication vehicle , leading some officials and researchers to question whether `` misuse '' is an appropriate term for what are often `` unintended uses '' resulting from a poor understanding of safety and application instructions .
With the Broncos , he switched positions and became a receiver .	Third in all-time receptions ( 543 ) and receiving yards ( 6,872 ) for the Denver Broncos , Taylor was the Broncos ' team MVP in 1963 , 1964 and 1965 , and an AFL All-Star in 1961 , 1962 and 1965 .
The Caddo River is a tributary of the Ouachita River in the U.S. state of Arkansas .	The river is about long .
In Cartesian coordinates , the `` open disk '' of center formula_1 and radius `` R '' is given by the formula	while the `` closed disk '' of the same center and radius is given by
With a 2016 population of 34,066 , Spruce Grove is the ninth-largest city in Alberta .	The mayor of Spruce Grove is Stuart Houston .
After quitting , his cousin was angry .	He called Gene a quitter .
The sections of the surface of revolution made by planes through the axis are called `` meridional sections '' .	Any meridional section can be considered to be the generatrix in the plane determined by it and the axis .
Modernism , impressionism , and post-romanticism can all be traced to the decades before the turn of the century , but can be included because they evolved beyond the musical boundaries of the 19th-century styles that were part of the earlier common practice period .	Neoclassicism , and expressionism , came mostly after 1900 .
Originally broadcast in 1988 in two parts ( with a subsequent studio discussion ) , it was rebroadcast in 1991 re-edited to three parts with additional material , and a fourth episode added in 1995 .	The addition of three further episodes in 2003 caused great controversy , particularly in the final episode implicating Lyndon B. Johnson and the withdrawal of these additional episodes .
Certification programs are administered by the federal government , individual states , and by company policies that vary from state to state .	This is managed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) under the Worker Protection Standard .
It works with its six affiliated organizations on strategic direction and policy development , technical support and staff and leadership training .	Its affiliates are involved in a wide variety of issue campaigns , including campaign finance reform , health care reform , corporate accountability , and leadership training for empowerment in communities of color .
He was a member of Giotto 's workshop from 1313 to 1337 , when his master died .	According to Giorgio Vasari , he was considered Giotto 's most talented pupil : in 1347 he was placed at the top in a list of Florence 's most renowned painters .
After exiting Gillham Lake the river becomes leisurely until it joins with the Little River at the site where it empties into Millwood Lake .	Cossatot comes from an Indian term which translates roughly to skull crusher .
Agnolo Gaddi ( c.1350–1396 ) was an Italian painter .	He was born and died in Florence , and was the son of the painter Taddeo Gaddi .
He proposed the first agrarian law , for which he was charged with aspiring to make himself king , and put to death by the patrician nobility .	The Cassii were amongst the most prominent families of the later Republic , and they frequently held high office , lasting well into imperial times .
Shimabara is a castle town , which was the capital of Shimabara Domain during the Edo period .	It was the site of considerable foreign trade and missionary activity during the late Muromachi period , and in the early Edo period , a large percentage of the population were `` Kirishitan '' .
On March 1 , 2005 , the towns of Tarami , Moriyama , Iimori , Takaki and Konagai ( all from Kitatakaki District ) were merged to create the new and expanded city of Isahaya .	The city was once part of Kitatakaki District , but due to this merger , the district has no more municipalities left and the district was officially dissolved as a result of this merger .
In 1967 , he was the 6th selection of the first common AFL-NFL draft .	He was the first ever first-round draft pick to sign with the American Football League 's Denver Broncos , where he was known as `` The Franchise . ''
This is a list of people who have served as mayor of the city of Houston in the U.S. state of Texas .	Until 2015 , the term of the mayor was two years .
The components are connected by the Hirado Bridge .	As of March 1 , 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 31,192 and a population density of 130 persons per km² .
Mention of a `` Matsura County '' appears in written records from the Heian period , and this area was the home of the Matsura clan , a local warrior clan .	Takashima , within the borders of the modern town , is the location where the Mongol invasions of Japan , floundered due to the winds of typhoons in 1274 and 1281 , giving rise to the legend of the `` kamikaze '' .
This is a list of dialing codes in Greece .	The first digit represents type of service .
The radio is run by a team of volunteer journalists and technicians .	The station went on-air for the first time on 16 March 1982 , as Norway 's first non-Christian , local radio station .
Specifically , a `` diptych '' is a two-part work of art ; a `` triptych '' is a three-part work ; a tetraptych or quadriptych has four parts ; pentaptych five ; hexaptych six ; heptaptych ( or septych in Latin ) seven ; and octaptych eight parts .	Polyptychs typically display one `` central '' or `` main '' panel that is usually the largest of the attachments , while the other panels are called `` side '' panels , or `` wings '' .
HMS `` Bellerophon '' was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy .	Launched in 1786 , she served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , mostly on blockades or convoy escort duties .
They had invested in Galveston already , but they continued to make offers for other tracts in the region .	They bid on land at Morgan 's Point and Harrisburg before settling on the eventual Houston site .
Aoi Aso Shrine , one of the National Treasures of Japan , is located in Hitoyoshi .	It is bounded to the north , east , and west by towns of Kuma District , and to the south by Kagoshima Prefecture .
The total area is 57.15 km² .	Arao was once a large coal mining town , but it has since lost a great deal of its population , due to the closing of the mine 11 years ago .
As of March 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 25,310 and a population density of 160 persons per km² .	The total area is 162.88 km² .
It is produced by the non-profit Pasadena Tournament of Roses Association and includes flower-covered floats , marching bands , and equestrian units .	The parade , whose route is mostly along Colorado Boulevard , is followed by the Rose Bowl collegiate football game in the afternoon .
After Plato , the meaning of mimesis eventually shifted toward a specifically literary function in ancient Greek society , and its use has changed and been reinterpreted many times since .	One of the best-known modern studies of mimesis , understood as a form of realism in literature , is Erich Auerbach 's `` '' , which opens with a famous comparison between the way the world is represented in Homer 's `` Odyssey '' and the way it appears in the `` Bible '' .
It operated scheduled domestic services and flights to Haiti and Puerto Rico .	It wet-leased additional aircraft from Servicios Aéreos Profesionales , which it used for ad hoc , on demand charter services to the United States .
In addition to news services , the company 's products provide information related to lifestyle , career and business development .	The services of Alma Media have expanded from Finland to the Nordic countries , the Baltics and Central Europe .
The city was founded on April 1 , 1924 , and is famous for its `` onsen '' ( hot springs ) .	It has eight major geothermal hot spots , sometimes referred to as the `` eight hells of Beppu '' .
Nakatsu is a castle town centered on Nakatsu Castle , which is open to visitors .	The modernised interior comprises a museum with samurai armor , old maps and information about Rangaku ( Dutch studies ) , for which Nakatsu was an important center in the Edo period .
On March 22 , 2005 , the towns of Amagase and Ōyama , and the villages of Kamitsue , Maetsue and Nakatsue ( all from Hita District ) were merged into Hita .	As of March 31 , 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 67,062 , with 27,213 households , and a population density of 100 persons per km² .
As of March 2017 , the new city has an estimated population of 73,546 ( former city , 2003 : 49,183 ) and a population density of 81 persons per km .	The total area is 903.44 km , making it the largest city by area in Kyushu .
As of March 1 , 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 38,090 and a population density of 140 persons per km² .	The total area is 291.08 km² .
Bungotakada is known for negi ( Welsh onions ) .	Historic sites include Fuki-ji , Maki Ōdō , and Kumano magaibutsu .
Number 3 was added later , when the channel was allocated the third nationwide television channel and it generally became known as `` Channel Three '' —Finnish Broadcasting Company ’ s Yle TV1 and Yle TV2 being the first two—and also to distinguishing it from the later MTV Finland .	The channel 's logo was a stylized owl , changed to an owl 's eye after an image renewal in 2001 .
Congressman .	Thatcher was elected to Congress in 1922 from Kentucky .
The total area is 536.12 km .	Nichinan is on Japan 's southernmost main island , Kyūshū .
The total area is 563.09 km² .	Like the city of Miyakonojō , Kobayashi is suffering from a declining population .
, the city has an estimated population of 63,676 making it the 4th largest city in Miyazaki Prefecture .	It has a population density of 189 persons per km² and a total area of 336.29 km .
As of April 1 , 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 18,179 and a population density of 62 persons per km .	The total area is .
As of October 2016 , the city has an estimated population of 30,324 and a population density of 69 persons per km² .	The total area is 438.56 km² .
The town of Ebino was created through the administrative merging of the towns of Masaki , Kakutō and Īno in 1966 .	Ebino was designated a city on December 1 , 1970 .
On March 11 , 2011 , coastal areas of the city suffered catastrophic damage from a magnitude 9.0 offshore earthquake , which triggered a destructive tsunami .	Although the Sendai area was inhabited as early as 20,000 years ago , the history of Sendai as a city begins from 1600 , when the `` daimyō '' Date Masamune relocated to Sendai .
The total area is 683.50 km .	The city has regular Shinkansen services to Kagoshima City and Yatsushiro .
Kanoya is the most populous city in Japan without any connection to railway services , after the abolition of the Ōsumi Line in 1987 .	, the city has an estimated population of 104,148 .
As of April 2017 , the city has an estimated population of 21,960 and a population density of 290 persons per km² .	The total area is 74.88 km² .
All terrestrial analogue stations stopped broadcasting on 1 September 2007 after introducing digital television ; cable providers were allowed to continue analog broadcasting in their networks until 1 March 2008 .	Typically , foreign-language content is subtitled , retaining the original language soundtrack .
It is the last station on the Semboku Rapid Railway Line at Izumi Chuo Station .	It is known for its cabbage and sweet Vidalia-like onions .
The total area is 330.06 km² .	On March 13 , 2006 , the towns of Noda and Takaono ( both from Izumi District ) were merged into Izumi .
On November 1 , 2008 , Ōkuchi was merged with the town of Hishikari ( from Isa District ) to create the city of Isa .	Isa District was dissolved as a result of this merger .
He was active during the High Renaissance and the first half of the Mannerist period , but his work maintained a generally similar High Renaissance style throughout his career , although his nervous and eccentric posings and distortions represented a transitional stage to the Florentine and Roman Mannerists .	During his lifetime Lotto was a well respected painter and certainly popular in Northern Italy ; he is traditionally included in the Venetian School , but his independent career actually places him outside the Venetian art scene .
The total area is 205.75 km² .	Nishinoomote , located on the northern portion of Tanegashima , is bordered by the East China Sea to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the east , and by the Osumi Strait separating Tanegashima from the Kyushu mainland .
Ginowan was heavily damaged during World War II .	After the war , half of the area of the city was allocated for use by the United States military .
As of 2003 , the city had an estimated population of 33,861 and a density of 521.58 persons per km² .	The total area was 64.92 km² .
The island is served by New Ishigaki Airport , the largest airport in the Yaeyamas .	Much of the island and surrounding waters including Mount Omoto and Kabira Bay are protected as part of Iriomote-Ishigaki National Park .
As of November 2012 , the city has an estimated population of 113,718 and a population density of 5,956.9 persons per km .	The total area is 19.09 km .
Nago Magiri became Nago town in 1907 .	Nago was upgraded to city status on August 1 , 1970 with the merger of nine smaller towns and villages .
Itoman sits on a flat tableland with craggy rolling hills of Ryukyuan limestone which range between Cape Kyan to the south and Yozadake to the north .	The south of the town is known for its steep sea cliffs around Cape Kyan and the Mabuni Cliffs .
7 Rideau Gate is the Canadian government 's official guest house for distinguished visitors , such as heads of government and high-level officials of foreign governments .	The house is located in Ottawa , Ontario , near other official residences such as Rideau Hall and 24 Sussex Drive .
Hachiōji Castle was built during the Sengoku period in 1584 by Hōjō Ujiteru , but was soon destroyed in 1590 by Toyotomi Hideyoshi .	During the Edo period , the area was `` tenryō '' controlled directly by the Tokugawa shogunate .
Musashino is located in the Musashino Terrace of central Tokyo Metropolis , bordered by the 23 Special Wards of Tokyo .	Musashino is composed of the following neighborhoods : Kichijoji Kitamachi , Kichijoji Higashicho , Kichijoji Honcho , Kichijoji Minamicho , Kyonancho , Gotenyama , Sakai , Sakurazutumi , Sekimae , Nakacho , Nishikubo , Midoricho , and Yahatacho .
The National Astronomical Observatory of Japan is located in Mitaka .	In 1994 there were 2,585 foreign residents in Mitaka , including 726 from North and South Korea , 713 from China , 441 from the United States , 114 from the Philippines , and 108 from the United Kingdom .
The area of present-day Ōme was part of ancient Musashi Province .	Ōme developed in the Edo period as a post station on the Ōme-Kaidō highway .
Its total area is .	The government of ancient Musashi Province was established in Fuchū by the Taika Reform , and the city prospered as the local center of politics , economy , and culture .
Akishima is in the foothills of the Okutama Mountains of western Tokyo , along the bank of the Tama River at an elevation between 76 and 171 meters above sea level .	It is located approximately 35 kilometers from central Tokyo .
Its total area is .	Chōfu is approximately in the south-center of Tokyo Metropolis , approximately 20 kilometers from downtown Tokyo , on the Musashino Terrace bordered by the floodplains of the Tama River and the Iruma River .
In the post-Meiji Restoration cadastral reform of July 22 , 1878 , the area became part of Minamitama District in Kanagawa Prefecture .	The village of Machida was created on April 1 , 1889 with the establishment of municipalities law .
Geographically , the city lies approximately at the center of Tokyo , and is located about 20 kilometers west of Shinjuku , where Tokyo Metropolitan Government has its headquarters .	It is flanked on the north and the south by two large parks .
The village of Kodaira was created on April 1 , 1889 with the establishment of municipalities law .	Kitatama District was transferred to the administrative control of Tokyo Metropolis on April 1 , 1893 .
The southern part is Tama Hills , between 150 and 200 meters above sea level .	The eastern part of the city is an alluvial plain of the Tama River .
During the Nara period , it became part of ancient Musashi Province .	During the Kamakura period , it was the location of the Battle of Kumegawa in 1333 .
In the post-Meiji Restoration cadastral reform of 1878 , the area became part of Kitatama District in Kanagawa Prefecture .	The village of Kokubunji was created on April 1 , 1889 with the establishment of municipalities law .
Though he considered Danville , Illinois to be his hometown , O ’ Connor was born in St. Elizabeth Hospital in Chicago .	His parents , Effie Irene ( née Crane ) and John Edward `` Chuck '' O'Connor , were vaudeville entertainers .
Kunitachi is known for its broad main avenue , Daigaku Dori ( University Avenue ) .	This cherry-tree-lined boulevard stretches from Kunitachi Station on the Chūō Main Line toward the banks of the Tama River .
The area along the river is home to many parks and almost 300 cherry blossom trees , recreational facilities and bicycle paths .	The area of present-day Fussa was part of ancient Musashi Province .
It is a small municipality ; its boundaries fit within a circle of 2 km radius centred on the city hall .	It is essentially a residential suburb of Tokyo which urbanised rapidly in the 1960s and 1970s , with most of the working population commuting to central Tokyo .
The in post-Meiji Restoration cadastral reform of April 1 , 1889 , Takagi Village was established within Kitatama District of Kanagawa Prefecture .	The entire district was transferred to the control of Tokyo Prefecture on April 1 , 1893 .
Average altitude above sea level ranges from 65m at Takeoka in the west to 20m at Shitajuku in the northeastern side .	The city area is mostly diluvial soil except for a small area of alluvial soil by Yanase River , which runs on the edge of the region .
The entire district was transferred to the control of Tokyo Prefecture on April 1 , 1893 .	The area began development after connection to central Tokyo was established by the Musashino Railway from 1915 .
Batman Province ( , ) is a Turkish province southeast of Anatolia .	The province 's population exceeded 500,000 in 2010 .
Upstream tributaries of the Arakawa River and Tama River flow through the city .	The area of present-day Musashimurayama was part of ancient Musashi Province .
The Tama River marks the city 's northern boundary , and Kanagawa Prefecture is to the south .	Its southern half forms part of the Tama New Town project , Japan 's largest residential development , constructed in the 1970s .
Inagi as a modern municipality was founded on April 1 , 1889 as `` Inagi Village '' in what was then Minamitama District , Kanagawa Prefecture , from the merger of 6 pre-Meiji period villages with the establishment of the municipalities system .	The district was transferred to the administrative control of Tokyo Metropolis on April 1 , 1893 .
Hamura is composed of the following neighborhoods : Fujimadaira , Futabacho , Gonokami , Hane , Hanehigashi , Kawasaki , Midorigaoka , Ozakudai , Shinmeidai , Tamagawa , Yokotakichinai .	These neighborhoods in Japanese administrative structure are units known as chos .
The Akigawa River flows through the city .	The area of present-day Akiruno was part of ancient Musashi Province .
Its total area is .	Nishitokyo is located at the centre of the geological/geographical region known as the Musashino Terrace , and is covered with the Kantō loam formation .
Before `` 7th Heaven '' , Collins was known for his role as Commander Willard Decker in the 1979 film `` '' .	In 2014 , Collins admitted to sexually abusing three different underage girls between 1973 and 1994 .
`` Running the Toll '' ) .	Krieghoff was born in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
For centuries they were enslaved in Eastern Europe and hunted in Western Europe : the Pořajmos , Hitler 's attempt at genocide , was one violent link in a chain of persecution that encompassed countries generally considered more tolerant of minorities , such as the United Kingdom and Denmark .	Even today , while there is a surge of Romani self-identification and pride , restrictive measures are being debated and passed by democratic states to curb the rights of the Romani people .
It is one of the five Ivy League law schools and offers three law degree programs ( J.D. , LL.M. , and J.S.D . )	along with several dual-degree programs in conjunction with other professional schools at the university .
The Mariana Islands ( ; also the Marianas ) are a crescent-shaped archipelago comprising the summits of fifteen mostly dormant volcanic mountains in the western North Pacific Ocean , between the 12th and 21st parallels north and along the 145th meridian east .	They lie south-southeast of Japan , west-southwest of Hawaii , north of New Guinea and east of the Philippines , demarcating the Philippine Sea 's eastern limit .
The Spring River is a long river which flows through the U.S. states of Missouri and Arkansas .	It consists of two branches , the South Fork of the Spring River and the Spring River proper .
Navy seaman recruits do not bear any uniform rank insignia currently .	Prior to 1996 , a diagonal stripe—the same as the U.S. Coast Guard—was used .
It is regarded as one of the more important crime novels of the 20th century .	The novel 's mix of sexuality and violence was startling in its time and caused it to be banned in Boston .
The Cooloola monster is a robust subterranean insect , characterised by very short antennae with ten bead-like segments .	This contrasts with other members of the suborder Ensifera which have thirty or more segments .
In the 20th century he was lauded by Ezra Pound in `` The Spirit of Romance '' ( 1910 ) as the greatest poet to have ever lived .	According to one biography , Daniel was born of a noble family at the castle of Ribérac in Périgord ; however , the scant contemporary sources point to him being a jester with pernicious economic troubles .
The MMU allowed the astronauts to perform untethered EVA spacewalks at a distance from the shuttle .	The MMU was used in practice to retrieve a pair of faulty communications satellites , Westar VI and Palapa B2 .
In the West , dialecticians including Hegel explored themes that some see as remarkably similar , laying the groundwork for unification .	Universal dialectic is envisioned as a single fundamental creative principle of inherent complementarity , as inspired by Heraclitus .
Modern attempts at renewal began in the late 19th century in developed nations , and experienced an intense phase in the late 1940s under the rubric of reconstruction .	The process has had a major impact on many urban landscapes , and has played an important role in the history and demographics of cities around the world .
As of January 1 , 2017 , the Office of Mayor of the City of Baltimore has changed hands 60 times with 50 different individuals in assuming office in the 220 years of city government , 1797-2017 .	Incumbent Catherine E. Pugh is the fiftieth Mayor of the City of Baltimore .
The Armada is a popular history by Garrett Mattingly—a historian who taught at Columbia University—about the attempt of the Spanish Armada to invade England in 1588 .	It was published in 1959 by Houghton Mifflin Company , and Mattingly won a special Pulitzer Prize for the work in 1960 as `` a first class history and a literary work of high order . ''
In popular usage , the central feature of dialectic is the concept of `` thesis , antithesis , synthesis '' - when an idea or phenomenon ( thesis ) arises , it carries within itself the seed of its opposite ( antithesis ) , and the interplay of these polarities leads to a synthesis which is somehow beyond the scope of either polarity alone .	In turn , the synthesis is now itself a new thesis , and the entire process can begin again .
In 2018 , the family Halonoproctidae was split off from Ctenizidae , leaving only three genera .	The name derives from Greek `` ktenizein '' , meaning `` combing '' or `` cleaning '' , referring to their behaviour of cleaning continuously , and the suffix `` -idae '' , which designates belonging to a family .
Holger Czukay ( , born Holger Schüring ; 24 March 1938 – 5 September 2017 ) was a German musician , probably best known as a co-founder of the krautrock group Can .	Described as `` successfully bridg [ ing ] the gap between pop and the avant-garde '' , Czukay was also notable for having created early important examples of ambient music , for having explored `` world music '' well before the term was coined , and for having been a pioneer of sampling .
His later slogan , `` Remember ... Only YOU Can Prevent Forest Fires '' was created in 1947 and was associated with Smokey Bear for more than five decades .	In April 2001 , the message was officially updated to `` Only You Can Prevent Wildfires . ''
along with the `` Heart Sutra '' .	A copy of the Tang-dynasty Chinese version of the `` Diamond Sūtra '' was found among the Dunhuang manuscripts in 1907 by Daoist monk Wang Yuanlu on June 25 , 1900 , and sold to Aurel Stein .
The cultivar group is named Crassa Group .	Their large white , yellow or orange-yellow swollen roots were developed in the 18th century as a fodder crop for feeding livestock .
Sleight of hand pioneers with worldwide acclaim include Dan and Dave , Ricky Jay , David Copperfield , Yann Frisch , Norbert Ferré , Dai Vernon , Cardini and Tony Slydini .	The word `` sleight '' , meaning `` the use of dexterity or cunning , especially so as to deceive '' , comes from the Old Norse .
Garrett Mattingly ( May 6 , 1900 – December 18 , 1962 ) was a professor of European history at Columbia University who specialized in early modern diplomatic history .	In 1960 he won a Pulitzer Prize for `` The Defeat of the Spanish Armada '' .
Lightfoot considers this song to be his finest work .	Appearing originally on Lightfoot 's 1976 album `` Summertime Dream '' , the single version hit number 1 in his native Canada ( in the `` RPM '' national singles survey ) on November 20 , 1976 , barely a year after the disaster .
The spring 's outlet pool is contained entirely within Mammoth Spring State Park .	The park is located in the town of Mammoth Spring , which lies in extreme north-central Arkansas .
The park offers fishing , boating and hiking in addition to an Arkansas Welcome Center and restored 1886 St. Louis–San Francisco Railway ( Frisco ) depot operating as a railroad museum .	The site became a state park in 1957 , but the park continued to add area until 1975 .
In a raster graphics display , the vertical blanking interval ( VBI ) , also known as the vertical interval or VBLANK , is the time between the end of the final line of a frame or field and the beginning of the first line of the next frame .	It is present in analog television , VGA , DVI and other signals .
The New York episodes were shot at the CBS Broadcast Center and the Los Angeles episodes at CBS Television City , where it remained even after its move to ABC .	The first episode featured comedian Jerry Seinfeld , Howard Stern co-host Robin Quivers , Republican Party strategist Ed Rollins , and comedian Larry Miller .
He is also on the committee for the League Managers Association in an executive capacity .	Moyes made over 540 league appearances as a centre-half in a playing career that began with Celtic , where he won a championship medal .
The public television channels are mostly funded by a license fee and broadcast free-to-air .	SVT has 21 local news districts .
`` Enter '' even had a hint of doom metal .	In an interview , den Adel said they fell into a symphonic rock genre with various influences .
The same terms were used for similar boroughs represented in the 18th-century Parliament of Ireland .	Old Sarum in Wiltshire ( pictured ) was the most notorious pocket borough .
George Pal ( born György Pál Marczincsak ; February 1 , 1908 – May 2 , 1980 ) was a Hungarian-American animator , film director and producer , principally associated with the fantasy and science-fiction genres .	He became an American citizen after emigrating from Europe .
Signed musicians included Rod Stewart , P.P .	Arnold , songwriter Paul Korda , Billy Nicholls , John Mayall , Savoy Brown , Small Faces , The Nice , Fleetwood Mac , The Groundhogs , Chris Farlowe , Duncan Browne and Humble Pie .
He wrote all the group 's UK singles and , from 1968 , also sang lead vocals on many songs , although Carl Wayne was the main lead singer up to 1970 .	Initially , the band had 4 main vocalists ( Wayne , Wood , Trevor Burton and Kefford ) who split the lead vocals on a number of their earlier songs .
He was manager and producer of The Rolling Stones from 1963 to 1967 , and was noted for his flamboyant style .	Loog Oldham 's father , Andrew Loog , was a United States Army Air Forces lieutenant , a Texan of Dutch descent , who served with the Eighth Air Force .
Both Charles and his Mother died in 1828 .	In 1835 he married Angela Attwood , daughter of Thomas Attwood .
A taijitu ( ) is a symbol or diagram ( `` tú '' ) in Chinese philosophy representing Taiji ( `` tàijí '' `` great pole '' or `` supreme ultimate '' ) representing both its monist ( `` wuji '' ) and its dualist ( yin and yang ) aspects .	Such a diagram was first introduced by Song Dynasty philosopher Zhou Dunyi ( 周敦頤 1017–1073 ) in his `` Taijitu shuo '' 太極圖說 .
Stephen Peter Marriott ( 30 January 1947 – 20 April 1991 ) was an English musician , songwriter and frontman of two notable rock and roll bands , spanning over two decades .	Marriott is remembered for his powerful singing voice which belied his small stature , and for his aggressive approach as a guitarist in mod rock bands Small Faces ( 1965–1969 and 1977–1978 ) and Humble Pie ( 1969–1975 and 1980–1981 ) .
The plan eventually adopted was conceived by Rear Admiral Raymond P. Rodgers in 1911 .	The plan was formally adopted by the Joint Army and Navy Board beginning in 1924 .
He came to prominence in the early 1970s as a member of the New York Dolls .	He later played with The Heartbreakers and as a solo artist .
The ballpark is named for Ewing Kauffman , the founder and first owner of the Royals .	It opened in 1973 as Royals Stadium and was named for Kauffman on July 2 , 1993 .
James `` Midge '' Ure ( born 10 October 1953 ) is a Scottish musician , singer-songwriter and producer .	His stage name , Midge , is a phonetic reversal of Jim , the diminutive form of his given name .
Lina was born on September 21 , 1830 into a wealthy family who were part of New York City 's Dutch aristocracy , descendants of the city 's original settlers .	Her father , Abraham Schermerhorn ( 1783–1850 ) , and the extended Schermerhorn family were engaged in shipping .
The group consists of Peter Hayes ( vocal , guitar , harmonica ) , Robert Levon Been ( vocal , bass , guitar ) , and Leah Shapiro ( drums ) .	Former drummer Nick Jago left the band in 2008 to focus on his solo project .
Since stationarity is an assumption underlying many statistical procedures used in time series analysis , non-stationary data is often transformed to become stationary .	The most common cause of violation of stationarity is a trend in the mean , which can be due either to the presence of a unit root or of a deterministic trend .
This battle was the decisive confrontation of the Breton War of Succession , a part of the Hundred Years ' War .	In the battle , which began as a siege , an Anglo-Breton army , led by Duke John de Montfort and assisted by English forces commanded by Sir John Chandos , opposed a Franco-Breton army led by his rival Charles of Blois .
A pitcher who prevents the opposing team from achieving a hit is said to have `` thrown a no-hitter '' .	This is a rare accomplishment for a pitcher or pitching staff : only 299 have been thrown in Major League Baseball history since 1876 , an average of about two per year .
Liberty 's early releases focused on film and orchestral music .	Its first single was Lionel Newman 's `` The Girl Upstairs . ''
Originally a separate city , it was annexed to Seattle in 1891 , and is named after Fremont , Nebraska , the hometown of two of its founders Luther H. Griffith and Edward Blewett .	Fremont is situated along the Fremont Cut of the Lake Washington Ship Canal to the north of Queen Anne , the east of Ballard , the south of Phinney Ridge , and the southwest of Wallingford .
Pulkovo Federal State Unified Aviation Service Company ( ФГУАП “ Пулково ” ) was an airline with its head office in Moskovsky District , Saint Petersburg , Russia .	It operated the Pulkovo Airport and was 100 % state owned .
Civil disorder , also known as civil disturbance or civil unrest , is an activity arising from a mass act of civil disobedience ( such as a demonstration , riot , or strike ) in which the participants become hostile toward authority , and authorities incur difficulties in maintaining public safety and order , over the disorderly crowd .	It is , in any form , prejudicial to public law and order .
Notable films include `` The Trap '' ( 1966 ) , playing Bill Sikes in the Best Picture Oscar winner `` Oliver ! ''	( 1968 ) , `` Women in Love '' ( 1969 ) , `` Hannibal Brooks '' ( 1969 ) , `` The Devils '' ( 1971 ) , portraying Athos in `` The Three Musketeers '' ( 1973 ) , `` Tommy '' ( 1975 ) , `` Lion of the Desert '' ( 1981 ) , `` Castaway '' ( 1986 ) , `` The Adventures of Baron Munchausen '' ( 1988 ) and `` Funny Bones '' ( 1995 ) .
It is situated along the coast , north of the country 's capital , Valletta .	It is known for tourism-oriented businesses , such as hotels , restaurants and nightclubs which are centred mainly in an area known as Paceville .
A supercentenarian ( sometimes hyphenated as super-centenarian ) is someone who has lived to or surpassed their 110th birthday .	This age is achieved by about one in 1,000 centenarians .
Beginning in the early 1990s , McDonald has explored his Scottish heritage through a series of Celtic recordings .	Music Style : Celtic fusion
Today , Coos people are enrolled in the following federally recognized tribes :	The Coos language is dormant .
At the time of their 1980 debut self-titled EP , the band had changed their original name to Red Cross , which was allegedly inspired by the masturbation scene in the film , `` The Exorcist '' .	Ron Reyes became the drummer .
It is migratory , wintering from in the North Atlantic as far south as the British Isles and northernmost states of the eastern United States , as well as in the interior of North America as far west as the western Great Lakes .	It is much scarcer in Europe than the similar glaucous gull .
Under the leadership of Nina Eloise Whittington Vance ( 1914–1980 ) , the Alley Theatre was founded in 1947 in a “ former dance studio with an opening on Main Street .	A brick corridor led from Main to the back of the studio , hence the name Alley Theatre. ” In 1948 , early paying members scouted Houston for a new location for the Alley , finally landing on an abandoned fan factory on Berry Avenue .
In 1985 a Constitutional Commission was established ( by the Hawke Labor government ) to review the Australian Constitution and reported in 1988 .	It was seen as too partisan by many Liberals and the eventual referendum questions were not supported ; leading to the lowest 'yes ' vote count for any referendum in Australia ( in 1988 ) .
The Umpqua are any of several distinct groups ( Lower Umpqua ( Kuitsh ) , Upper Umpqua proper ( Etnemitane ) and Cow Creek Band of Upper Umpqua ) of Native Americans that live in present-day south central Oregon in the United States .	The Upper Umpqua people included several different tribal entities .
It has a roll of including a number of boarders who live in nearby Tibbs ' House , making it New Zealand 's largest single-sex school and placing it among the six largest schools in the country .	Grammar is well known for its old-fashioned traditions .
Ah–Am	An–Ar
The adult male sports a red and black neck ring and the hen and immature birds of both sexes either show no neck rings , or display shadow-like pale to dark grey neck rings .	Both sexes have a distinctive green colour .
Social change may include changes in nature , social institutions , social behaviours , or social relations .	also in history , once learned : is REPS. R-Religion E-Economical P-political S-social .
This species shows marked sexual dimorphism ; the male is much larger than the female ( the reeve ) , and has a breeding plumage that includes brightly coloured head tufts , bare orange facial skin , extensive black on the breast , and the large collar of ornamental feathers that inspired this bird 's English name .	The female and the non-breeding male have grey-brown upperparts and mainly white underparts .
She was the first woman to be elected to parliament .	From 1943 to 1945 and again from 1948 to 1951 she was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario representing the Toronto riding of York East .
The FALG became much more important in the 1990s as the PRC leadership became much more institutionalized and less focused on factional and informal politics .	Since 1993 the leader of the group had also served as General Secretary of the Communist Party of China and President of the People 's Republic of China .
The tribe was located in what is today the French Auvergne region , which derives its name from the Arverni .	One of the most powerful tribes in ancient Gaul , the Arverni opposed the Romans on several occasions .
The term `` handyman '' increasingly describes a paid worker , but it also includes non-paid homeowners or do-it-yourselfers .	Tasks range from minor to major , from unskilled to highly skilled , and include painting , drywall repair , remodeling , minor plumbing work , minor electrical work , household carpentry , sheetrock , crown moulding , and furniture assembly ( see more complete list below . )
c. 130 BC ) was a Greek navigator who explored the Arabian Sea for Ptolemy VIII , king of the Hellenistic Ptolemaic dynasty in Egypt .	According to Poseidonius , later reported in Strabo 's `` Geography '' , the monsoon wind system of the Indian Ocean was first sailed by Eudoxus of Cyzicus in 118 or 116 BC .
Muscle Beach Venice is the contemporary title of the outdoor weightlifting platform constructed in Venice , California , a distinct neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles , 18 years after Muscle Beach was established .	Muscle Beach Venice was officially titled in 1987 by the City of Los Angeles with the distinguishing name `` Venice '' added to the location to honor the original Santa Monica site .
It uses an educational model and is considered to be part of humanistic psychology .	It has a different approach to the better known Primal therapy formulated by Arthur Janov and is not related to it except in the broadest sense by its name and by its acceptance of the significance of early foetal experiences .
Following the German-Soviet non-aggression pact , Poland was invaded by Nazi Germany on 1 September 1939 and by the Soviet Union on 17 September .	The campaigns ended in early October with Germany and the Soviet Union dividing and annexing the whole of Poland .
Moshe Chaim Luzzatto ( , also `` Moses Chaim '' , `` Moses Hayyim '' , also `` Luzzato '' ) ( 1707 – 16 May 1746 ( 26 `` Iyar '' 5506 ) ) , also known by the Hebrew acronym RaMCHaL ( or RaMHaL , ) , was a prominent Italian Jewish rabbi , kabbalist , and philosopher .	Moshe Chaim Luzzatto was born in 1707 in the Jewish Ghetto of Padua , Italy .
Her maternal grandfather was Stavros G. Livanos , founder of the Livanos shipping empire .	Onassis had an older brother , Alexander .
Cuneiform or Sumerian cuneiform , one of the earliest systems of writing , was invented by the Sumerians .	It is distinguished by its wedge-shaped marks on clay tablets , made by means of a blunt reed for a stylus .
With the restricted definition , each Farey sequence starts with the value 0 , denoted by the fraction ⁄ , and ends with the value 1 , denoted by the fraction ⁄ ( although some authors omit these terms ) .	A Farey sequence is sometimes called a Farey series , which is not strictly correct , because the terms are not summed .
In the 1940s , Howard Hughes created a R & D facility in Culver City , California ; by 1960 , it moved to Malibu , California .	In 1984 the U.S. Federal Courts declared in a court case that the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , in order to retain its non-profit status , must divest itself of Hughes Aircraft Company and subsidiaries .
Common forms of two-way communication are :	A cycle of communication and two-way communication are actually two different things .
By World War I , `` Cerberus '' weapons and boilers were inoperable ; the ship served as a guardship and munitions store , while carrying the personnel of the fledgling Royal Australian Naval College on her paybooks .	In 1921 , the ship was renamed HMAS `` Platypus II , and tasked as a submarine tender for the RAN 's six J-class submarines .
He also was the first to film the almost unbelievable crush of commuters during the rush hour at New York 's `` Grand Central Station '' .	In 1925 he was offered a lucrative contract as a producer in the nascent Hollywood and moved to Los Angeles .
He joined the Nazi party in 1931 , and quickly became involved in both anti-Communist and anti-Jewish propaganda .	From 1933 to 1945 he worked as a high official in the `` Propagandaministerium '' under Joseph Goebbels .
Historically , it has been hunted for its highly valued dark brown or black fur , which remains a luxury good to this day .	While hunting is still common in Russia , most fur on the market is now commercially farmed .
The village has a twelfth-century church , St Lawrence 's , dedicated to the martyr Lawrence of Rome .	The village is most famed for the stories of the `` Wise Men of Gotham '' .
It was founded in 1970 and is currently headquartered in London .	The parent company of the agency group was known as `` Saatchi & Saatchi PLC '' from 1976 to 1994 , was listed on the New York Stock Exchange until 2000 and for a time , was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index .
He was fired by Nakasone after his interview for Bungei Shunju , in which he made several controversial statements regarding Japan 's role in World War II .	In the interview , he claimed that `` killing people in war is not murder in terms of international law '' and that the Tokyo War Trial `` can not be considered correct . ''
Artaphernes asked the Athenians for `` Water and Earth '' , a symbol of submission , if they wanted help from the Achaemenid king .	The Athenians ambassadors apparently accepted to comply , and to give `` Earth and Water '' .
The name comes from the Old English `` æscet '' , indicating a ford near a clump of ash trees .	It has been a market town since the Middle Ages , and a regular market continues to be held .
Historically in the parish of Dalziel and part of Lanarkshire , Motherwell is the headquarters for North Lanarkshire Council .	Geographically the River Clyde separates Motherwell from Hamilton to the west whereas the South Calder Water separates Motherwell from Carfin to the north-east and New Stevenston and Bellshill towards the north .
The 2003 World Series was the championship series of Major League Baseball 's ( MLB ) 2003 season .	The 99th edition of the World Series , it was a best-of-seven playoff between the National League ( NL ) champion Florida Marlins and the American League ( AL ) champion New York Yankees ; the Marlins upset the heavily-favored Yankees , four games to two .
It is first mentioned in the account of the war of 310 or 309 BC between the Etruscans and the Romans .	It took , however , an important part in the rebellion of 295 BC and was reduced , with Vulsinii and Arretium ( Arezzo ) , to seek for peace in the following year .
Worthing ( ) is a large seaside town in England , and district with borough status in West Sussex .	It is situated at the foot of the South Downs , west of Brighton , and east of the county town of Chichester .
Denman was born into the English nobility , inheriting his title at the age of 19 from a great-uncle .	He attended the Royal Military College , Sandhurst , and served in the Second Boer War .
The confluence with the Kennet is to the north of the centre whence canal and river both continue east .	Amenities include schools , shops , cafés , restaurants , and facilities for the main national sports .
The Voe , the longest in Shetland , and partially sheltered by the island of Yell was used as a military airfield during World War II both by the Royal Air Force and the Royal Norwegian Air Force as a location for flying boats .	With the coming of the oil terminal , the remains of the airbase were upgraded and modernised to create Scatsta Airport which is primarily used to service the terminal .
Examples are hairs , glandular hairs , scales , and papillae .	A covering of any kind of hair on a plant is an indumentum , and the surface bearing them is said to be pubescent .
While most baskets are made from plant materials , other materials such as horsehair , baleen , or metal wire can be used .	Baskets are generally woven by hand .
It lies on heathland in the extreme northeast corner of the county , about southwest of London .	The area is administered by Rushmoor Borough Council .
The numbers of the Atlantic wolffish in US waters are rapidly being depleted , most likely due to overfishing and bycatch , and is currently a Species of Concern according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Marine Fisheries Service .	Apart from their unique appearance wolffish are distinguished by the natural antifreeze they produce to keep their blood moving fluidly in their very cold habitat , involvement by both the male and female in brood bearing , and the large size of their eggs .
The cold moulded model from 1963 , four 3 mm laminations laid up with resorcinol glue on mahogany stem and main frame with laminated mahogany floors .	Baker built MK 1 's .
Often referred to in France simply as BHL , he was one of the leaders of the `` Nouveaux Philosophes '' ( New Philosophers ) movement in 1976 .	`` The Boston Globe '' has said that he is `` perhaps the most prominent intellectual in France today '' .
The flag of Gibraltar is an elongated banner of arms based on the coat of arms of Gibraltar , granted by Royal Warrant from Queen Isabella I of Castile on 10 July 1502 .	`` An escutcheon on which the upper two thirds shall be a white field and on the said field set a red castle , and below the said castle , on the other third of the escutcheon , which must be a red field in which there must be a white line between the castle and the said red field , there shall be a golden key which hangs by a chain from the said castle , as are here figured '' .
He has been nominated eleven times for Hugo Awards , and 18 times for Chesley Awards ( with 8 wins ) , and he is a past president of the Association of Science Fiction and Fantasy Artists .	Cherry is the brother of the science fiction writer C. J. Cherryh ( `` Cherry '' is the original spelling of the last name of the family ) , and has painted cover art for some of her books as well as books by Marion Zimmer Bradley , Robert Asprin and Lynn Abbey ( Thieves ' World series ) and Piers Anthony .
In the railway 's first years , the coal mining industries expanded considerably , and the Taff Vale Railway soon opened branches in the Rhondda valleys and the Cynon Valley , and the conveyance of coal for export and for transport away from South Wales began to dominate .	The docks in Cardiff and the approach railway became extremely congested , and alternatives were sought , and competing railway companies were encouraged to enter the trade .
He is a multi-instrumentalist , playing guitar , drums , bass , keyboards and singing on his records and often switching between those instruments when playing live .	Workman is a prolific artist , usually writing , recording , mastering and releasing entire albums in the span of a few weeks .
James Gordon Bennett Jr. ( May 10 , 1841May 14 , 1918 ) was publisher of the `` New York Herald '' , founded by his father , James Gordon Bennett Sr. ( 1795–1872 ) , who emigrated from Scotland .	He was generally known as Gordon Bennett to distinguish him from his father .
He is most famous for his work on the large kites known as `` Cody War-Kites '' , that were used by the British in World War I as a smaller alternative to balloons for artillery spotting .	He was also the first man to fly an aeroplane in Britain , on 16 October 1908 .
The Iraq Survey Group ( ISG ) was a fact-finding mission sent by the multinational force in Iraq after the 2003 invasion of Iraq to find the weapons of mass destruction alleged to be possessed by Iraq that had been the main ostensible reason for the invasion .	Its final report , `` Comprehensive Report of the Special Advisor to the Director of Central Intelligence on Iraq WMD '' ( commonly referred to as the Duelfer Report , named after the head of the ISG Charles A. Duelfer ) , was submitted to Congress and the president in 2004 .
Founded in 1984 , the label releases an mixture of musical styles , all with a Rock in Opposition aesthetic , including progressive jazz , jazz fusion , the Canterbury scene , and electronic music .	Cuneiform has introduced many notable acts but also documents older bands who fit the profile , including its release of the Heldon catalog and several archival Soft Machine recordings .
Prescription drug prices in the United States have been among the highest in the world .	The high cost of prescription drugs became a major topic of discussion in the new millennium , leading up to the U.S. health care reform debate of 2009 , and received renewed attention in 2015 .
John R. `` Jack '' Horner ( born June 15 , 1946 ) is an American paleontologist most famous for discovering and naming `` Maiasaura '' , providing the first clear evidence that some dinosaurs cared for their young .	In addition to his paleontological discoveries , Horner served as the technical advisor for all the `` Jurassic Park '' films , had a cameo appearance in `` Jurassic World '' , and served as a partial inspiration for one of the lead characters of the franchise , Dr. Alan Grant .
The Game Boy Printer is compatible with all the Game Boy systems except the Game Boy Micro , and is designed to be used in conjunction with the Game Boy Camera .	It also prints images from compatible late-generation Game Boy and Game Boy Color games ( listed below ) .
Mohamed Naguib ( , ; 19 February 1901 – 28 August 1984 ) was the first President of Egypt , serving from the declaration of the Republic on 18 June 1953 to 14 November 1954 .	Along with Gamal Abdel Nasser , he was the primary leader of the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 , which ended the rule of the Muhammad Ali Dynasty in Egypt and Sudan .
It aims to teach students about the social responsibilities of the profession of architecture while also providing safe , well-constructed and inspirational homes and buildings for poor communities in rural west Alabama , part of the so-called `` Black Belt '' .	The studio was founded in 1993 by architects Samuel Mockbee and D. K. Ruth .
This difficulty in marketing the film led to it being released direct-to-video in November 1987 in lieu of a wide theatrical release .	Though largely overlooked by critics in audiences upon its initial release due to the lack of theatrical showings , it has since garnered a cult following due to repeat showings on cable .
Programming Language for Business or PL/B is a business-oriented programming language originally called DATABUS and designed by Datapoint in 1972 as an alternative to COBOL because Datapoint 's 8-bit computers could not fit COBOL into their limited memory , and because COBOL did not at the time have facilities to deal with Datapoint 's built-in keyboard and screen .	A version of DATABUS became an ANSI standard , and the name PL/B came about when Datapoint chose not to release its trademark on the DATABUS name .
He was particularly known for his ferocity with which he suppressed the Lyon insurrection during the Revolution in 1793 and for being minister of police under the Directory , the Consulate , and the Empire .	In English texts , his title is often translated as Duke of Otranto .
The club was a Milwaukee Brewers farm team from its inception through 2004 .	Beloit switched to the Minnesota Twins ' farm system for the 2005 season .
In the 2011 Census the population of the parish was 35,369 .	Bridlington is a minor sea fishing port with a working harbour and is well known for its shellfish .
As well as collecting scientific data and animal specimens , De Long discovered three islands and claimed them for the U.S. in the summer of 1881 .	The U.S. government did not endorse this claim ; as such the islands are under Russian jurisdiction .
The team was first known as the `` Bees '' from 1924 to 1932 and again from 1954 to 1981 .	The Bees nickname was revived for the 1993 season and remains to this day .
Also nearby is the massive Sacra di San Michele .	In 574 the Lombard King Cleph built a castle here .
The Clinton LumberKings are a Minor League Baseball team of the Midwest League and the Class A affiliate of the Miami Marlins .	They are located in Clinton , Iowa , and play their home games at Ashford University Field .
Mengham is the largest settlement on Hayling Island in Hampshire , England .	It is the largest shopping area on the Island , and has three schools and a Library .
It lies within the London Basin and constitutes a commuter town east of Central London .	The town has three secondary schools and a variety of open spaces .
The treaties of San Stefano and Berlin , both assigned areas that were also inhabited by Albanians to other states .	The inability of the Porte to protect the interests of a region that was 70 percent Muslim and largely loyal forced the Albanian leaders not only to organize their defense , but also to consider creation of an autonomous administration , like those Serbia and the other Danubian Principalities had enjoyed before their independence .
The Port of Felixstowe is the largest container port in the United Kingdom .	The old Felixstowe hamlet was centred on a pub and church , having stood on the site since long before the Norman conquest of England .
He was one of those who induced the Estates-General to proclaim itself a National Assembly on 17 June 1789 , and approved , in several speeches , of the storming of the Bastille and of the taking of the royal family to Paris ( October 1789 ) .	Boissy d'Anglas demanded that strict measures be taken against the Royalists who were conspiring in Southern France , and published some pamphlets on financial issues .
Tři oříšky pro Popelku , also known as `` Three Wishes for Cinderella '' and broadcast in the UK under the title `` Three Gifts for Cinderella '' ) is a Czechoslovak/East German fairy-tale film from 1973 .	It was directed by Václav Vorlíček in co-production between DEFA-Studio für Spielfilme and Barrandov Studios .
Their home games are played at Northwestern Medicine Field in Geneva , Illinois , about west of Chicago .	The Midwest League came to Kane County in 1991 when the Wausau Timbers relocated to Geneva , IL .
It is a joint project of international cooperation between the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and NASA .	Originally planned as a two-year mission , `` SOHO '' continues to operate after over 20 years in space .
He is known by the nickname `` the thrill from West Hill '' .	Fascinated by cars since boyhood , Tracy raced go-karts at Goodwood Kartways near his hometown until he was 16 .
The team plays its home games at Dozer Park which opened in 2002 .	The Chiefs previously played at Vonachen Stadium near Bradley University from 1983 through 2001 .
The spinning jenny is a multi-spindle spinning frame , and was one of the key developments in the industrialization of weaving during the early Industrial Revolution .	It was invented in 1764 by James Hargreaves in Stanhill , Oswaldtwistle , Lancashire in England .
Charles Doolittle Walcott ( March 31 , 1850 – February 9 , 1927 ) was an American paleontologist , administrator of the Smithsonian Institution from 1907 to 1927 , and geologist .	He is famous for his discovery in 1909 of well-preserved fossils in the Burgess Shale of British Columbia , Canada .
The Wisconsin Timber Rattlers are a minor league baseball team of the Midwest League , and the Class A affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers .	The team is located in Appleton , and are named for the timber rattlesnake , which is indigenous to the area .
From 2007 to 2008 , Messing starred as Molly Kagan , the ex-wife of a Hollywood film mogul , on the television miniseries `` The Starter Wife '' , for which she received two Golden Globe nominations , a Primetime Emmy Award nomination and a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for her performance .	Thereafter , she appeared as Broadway playwright Julia Houston on the NBC musical drama `` Smash '' ( 2012–2013 ) and as homicide detective Laura Diamond on the NBC police-procedural comedy `` The Mysteries of Laura '' ( 2014–2016 ) .
They are located in Midland , Michigan , and play their home games at Dow Diamond , which opened in April 2007 .	The Midwest League came to Battle Creek , in 1995 after the franchise formerly known as the Madison Hatters moved .
This regulation ( enforced within the EU and being gradually expanded internationally via bilateral agreements between the EU and non-EU countries ) ensures that only products genuinely originating in that region are allowed to be identified as such in commerce .	The legislation first came into force in 1992 .
Augustus Caesar Dodge ( January 2 , 1812November 20 , 1883 ) was one of the first set of United States Senators to represent the state of Iowa after it was admitted to the Union as a state in 1846 .	Dodge , a Democrat , had also represented Iowa Territory in Congress as its delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives from 1840 to 1846 .
The civil parish for the town is called Old Bolsover .	It includes the town and the New Bolsover model village , along with Carr Vale ,
Eastleigh is a town in Hampshire , England , between Southampton and Winchester in South Hampshire .	It was originally developed as a railway town by the London and South-Western Railway .
The Dragons are affiliated with the Cincinnati Reds .	Their home stadium is Fifth Third Field .
The Fundamentals of Engineering ( FE ) exam , also referred to as the Engineer in Training ( EIT ) exam , and formerly in some states as the Engineering Intern ( EI ) exam , is the first of two examinations that engineers must pass in order to be licensed as a Professional Engineer in the United States .	The exam is open to anyone with a degree in engineering or a related field , or currently enrolled in the last year of an ABET-accredited engineering degree program .
The Midwest League came to Fort Wayne in .	The franchise is the oldest in the Midwest League and dates back to the league 's beginning as the Illinois State League , starting in in Mattoon , Illinois as the Mattoon Indians .
The Midwest League came to Lansing , Michigan after owners Tom Dickson and Sherrie Myers moved the team to work with the City for a public-private lease to build a new stadium .	Mayor David Hollister , and the City Council worked to attract the owners and build the stadium for downtown economic development .
A Democrat who was elected before the birth of the Republican Party , Jones served over ten years in the Senate , from December 7 , 1848 to March 3 , 1859 .	During the American Civil War , he was arrested by Federal authorities and briefly jailed on suspicion of having pro-Confederate sympathies .
He was a member of the pub rock/rhythm and blues band Dr. Feelgood in the 1970s .	Johnson and Dr Feelgood were an influence on the English punk movement .
Originally affiliated with the Chicago White Sox and bearing the name of the parent club , the team was renamed in 1994 .	The name `` Silver Hawks '' was chosen as an homage to the once popular Studebaker Silver Hawk automobile , which was manufactured in South Bend .
Andrea Koppel ( born November 27 , 1963 ) is an American communications strategist , and a former TV journalist .	Koppel was born in New York City , the daughter of Ted Koppel , a television journalist , and Grace Anne Dorney Koppel , an attorney and spokesperson for Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) .
Torrevieja lies about 50 kilometres south of the city of Alicante and had a population of 105,000 ( 2012 ) .	Torrevieja was originally a salt-mining and fishing village as it is located between the sea and two large salt lakes ( `` Las Salinas '' ) , which give Torrevieja healthy microclimate .
The Midwest League came to the Grand Rapids area in 1994 upon the arrival of the former Madison Muskies .	The Whitecaps were brought to West Michigan by local businessmen Lew Chamberlin and Dennis Baxter .
Although his role may not have been spectacular , Jean-Baptiste Lindet came to be the embodiment of the growing middle class that came to dominate French politics during the Revolution .	Born at Bernay ( Eure ) , he worked in the town as a lawyer before the Revolution .
In German it is called a `` Kommers '' or `` Commers '' .	Today it is still organised by student fraternities in Germanic and Baltic countries , as well as Poland .
Ashbourne is a market town in the Derbyshire Dales , England .	It has a population of 7,112 .
Giuseppe Antonio Giachimo Cerutti ( 13 June 1738 – 3 February 1792 ) was a French-Italian author and politician .	Cerutti was born in Turin .
Kettering is a town in Northamptonshire , England , about north of London and northeast of Northampton , on the west side of the River Ise , a tributary of the River Nene .	The name means `` the place ( or territory ) of Ketter 's people ( or kinsfolk ) '' .
The additional surname of Saint-Étienne was assumed from a small property near Nîmes .	His brothers were Jacques Antoine Rabaut-Pommier and Pierre-Antoine Rabaut-Dupuis , both also politically active .
He was a peacemaker and a scholar despite , due to persecution , living like a troglodyte for more than 30 years .	He was born at Bédarieux , Hérault .
It is in the Vale of Catmose and is built on an incline , varying from to above sea level .	It is twinned with Barmstedt , Germany , and Dodgeville , Wisconsin , United States .
One type of Vacherin cheese is called Mont d'Or , or Vacherin du Haut-Doubs , from France , or Vacherin Mont d'Or from Switzerland ( though it tends to just be called `` Vacherin '' in the local shops ) .	It is a soft , rich , seasonal cheese made from cow 's milk in Switzerland or France , usually in villages of the Jura region ( an origin that has been officially controlled since 1981 ) , and has a grayish-yellow washed rind .
Aldridge is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall , West Midlands , England .	Historically part of Staffordshire , in 1974 it was incorporated into the borough of Walsall , having originally been an independent local authority .
The Foreign Mission movement was already 14 years underway by 1820 , but it was difficult to find missionaries willing to go to Oregon , as many wanted to go to the east , to India or China .	It was not until the 1830s , when a schoolmaster from Connecticut , Hall Jackson Kelley , created his `` American Society for the Settlement of the Oregon Country , '' that more interest and support for Oregon missionaries grew .
However , Hemingway biographer Jeffrey Meyers writes that it is now `` recognized as Hemingway 's greatest work '' , and Hemingway scholar Linda Wagner-Martin calls it his most important novel .	The novel was published in the United States in October 1926 by Scribner 's .
On 18 May 1302 , after two years of French occupation and several years of unrest , the people of Flanders revolted against French rule and massacred many Frenchmen in the Belgian city of Bruges .	King Philip IV of France immediately organized an expedition of 8,000 troops , including 2,500 men-at-arms , under Count Robert II of Artois to put down the rebellion .
Produced by the BBC in association with the Seven Network , and first screened on BBC1 , it starred John Nettles as the title character Jim Bergerac , who initially is a detective sergeant in Le Bureau des Étrangers ( `` The Foreigners ' Office '' , a fictional department dealing with non-Jersey residents ) , within the States of Jersey Police , but later left the force and became a private investigator .	The series ran from 1981 to 1991 .
As a result , `` A Saucerful of Secrets '' became the only non-compilation Pink Floyd album on which all five band members appeared , the first for Gilmour , with him appearing on six songs ( all except `` Jugband Blues '' ) , and the last for Barrett , with him on three ( `` Remember a Day '' , `` Jugband Blues '' and `` Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun '' ) .	Despite the reference that Gilmour had appeared on six songs , it is actually only five because he was not present on Wright 's `` Remember a Day '' that Barrett played on ( the song was recorded in October 1967 before Gilmour was asked to join the band as a fifth member ) .
Tzetzes was Greek on his father 's side and Iberian ( Georgian ) on his mother 's side .	In his works , Tzetzes states that his grandmother was a relative of the Georgian Bagratid princess Maria of Alania who came to Constantinople with her and later became the second wife of the `` sebastos '' Constantine Keroularios , `` megas droungarios '' and nephew of the patriarch Michael Keroularios .
Residents have been primarily Huguenot or Protestant since the 17th century .	During World War II these Huguenot residents made the commune a haven for Jewish people fleeing from the Nazis .
Formed in July 1940 from volunteers for special service , it was the first such unit to carry the title of `` Commando '' .	Shortly afterwards the unit was involved in a largely unsuccessful raid upon the German-occupied Channel Island of Guernsey .
Born at Königsberg , he was of Jewish extraction , but in 1822 he converted to Christianity .	In 1845 he was appointed professor of ancient Greek philology at Königsberg University , a post he held until his death .
Kuala Lumpur Sentral ( KL Sentral ) or Sentral Kuala Lumpur is a transit-oriented development that houses the main railway station of Kuala Lumpur , the capital of Malaysia .	Opened on 16 April 2001 , KL Sentral replaced the old Kuala Lumpur railway station as the city 's main intercity railway station .
No .	4 Commando was a battalion-sized British Army commando unit , formed in 1940 early in the Second World War .
His stand-up has won many international awards including the if.comedy award in 2008 and Best International Comedian at the 2014 Sydney Comedy Festival .	He attended Trinity College Dublin , where his comedy career began .
George Alfred Brown , Baron George-Brown , ( 2 September 1914 – 2 June 1985 ) was a British Labour politician who served as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1960 to 1970 and also in several Cabinet posts , including Foreign Secretary during the Labour government of the 1960s .	He was a leader of the Labour Party 's trade union right wing , and an effective election campaigner .
The artwork was designed by regular Floyd collaborators Hipgnosis and features a number of pictures of the band combined to give a Droste effect .	Although the album was well received at the time of release , and was a top five hit in the UK album charts , it has since been looked upon unfavourably by the band , who have expressed negative opinions about it in interviews .
Arla Foods is an international cooperative based in Viby , Denmark , and the largest producer of dairy products in Scandinavia .	Arla Foods was formed as the result of a merger between the Swedish dairy cooperative Arla and the Danish dairy company MD Foods on 17 April 2000 .
Friedrich Hermann von Schönberg , 1st Duke of Schomberg , 1st Count of Mertola , ( French : `` Frédéric-Armand '' ; Portuguese : `` Armando Frederico '' ; 6 December 1615 – 1 July 1690 ) was a marshal of France and a General in the British and Portuguese Army .	He was killed at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690 .
It was released in the United Kingdom on 2 June 1972 , and a few weeks later in the United States , by Harvest Records , reaching number 6 and number 46 respectively .	A single , `` Free Four '' , was issued in the US only .
The word `` ringgit '' is an obsolete term for `` jagged '' in Malay and was originally used to refer to the serrated edges of silver Spanish dollars which circulated widely in the area during the 16th and 17th century Portuguese colonial era .	In modern usage `` ringgit '' is used almost solely for the currency .
The Time Warner Center consists of two twin towers bridged by a multi-story atrium containing upscale retail shops .	The complex also contains office and residential tenants .
Route 168 is a state highway in the southern part of New Jersey in the United States .	The route 's southern terminus is an interchange with Route 42 and the Atlantic City Expressway in the Turnersville section of Washington Township , Gloucester County .
The Final Cut is the twelfth studio album by English rock band Pink Floyd .	It was first released on 21 March 1983 in the United Kingdom by Harvest Records and on 2 April 1983 in the United States by Columbia Records .
It might do this through digital , analog or mixed-mode electronics .	Sound chips normally contain things like oscillators , envelope controllers , samplers , filters and amplifiers .
It was given Grade II listed structure protection in 1983 .	Kew Bridge crosses the River Thames between Kew Green in Kew on the south bank and Brentford on the north bank .
Although its northern terminus is at an intersection with Route 27 in New Brunswick , the route is unsigned inside New Brunswick .	The route is a major thoroughfare in North Brunswick and in New Brunswick , running on major city streets .
The first documented reaping machines were Gallic reaper that was used in modern-day France during Roman times .	The Gallic reaper involved a comb which collected the heads , with an operator knocking the grain into a box for later threshing .
It comprises two segments , a freeway in Middlesex County linking Interstate 287 and the New Jersey Turnpike ( Interstate 95 ) in Edison to the Outerbridge Crossing in Perth Amboy and a four-lane divided highway in Hudson County running from the Bayonne Bridge in Bayonne to U.S. Route 1/9 Truck in Jersey City .	These two segments are connected by New York State Route 440 , which runs across Staten Island .
The book is published by Summerthought Publishing of Banff , Alberta .	Trail updates are supplied by the book 's authors on their Canadian Rockies hiking blog .
Southwark ( `` Br '' [ ˈsʌðɨk ] ) Bridge is an arch bridge in London , England , for traffic linking the district of Southwark and the City across the River Thames .	Except when others are closed for temporary repairs , it has the least traffic of the Thames bridges in London .
After the murder of his cousin , Charles the Good , in 1127 , Theoderic claimed the county of Flanders as grandson of Robert I , but William Clito became count instead with the support of King Louis VI of France .	William 's politics and attitude towards the autonomy of Flanders made him unpopular , and by the end of the year Bruges , Ghent , Lille , and Saint-Omer recognized Theoderic as a rival count .
Bankside is a district of London , England , and part of the London Borough of Southwark .	Bankside is located on the southern bank of the River Thames , east of Charing Cross , running from a little west of Blackfriars Bridge to just a short distance before London Bridge at St Mary Overie Dock to the east which marks its distinct status from that of 'the Borough ' district of Southwark .
He defeated Floris III , Count of Holland and stopped the piracy .	Floris was captured in Bruges and remained in prison until 1167 , at which point he was being ransomed in exchange for recognition of Flemish suzerainty over Zeeland .
It does this by physically organizing the contents of the mass storage device used to store files into the smallest number of contiguous regions ( fragments ) .	It also attempts to create larger regions of free space using compaction to impede the return of fragmentation .
André Kertész ( ; 2 July 1894 – 28 September 1985 ) , born Kertész Andor , was a Hungarian-born photographer known for his groundbreaking contributions to photographic composition and the photo essay .	In the early years of his career , his then-unorthodox camera angles and style prevented his work from gaining wider recognition .
Operation Mindfuck or OM is an important practice in the Discordian religion .	The concept was developed by Kerry Thornley and Robert Anton Wilson in 1968 and given its name by Wilson and Robert Shea in `` The Illuminatus !
According to various narratives surrounding the figure , Detroit 's founder Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac was told by a fortuneteller to appease the Nain Rouge , but upon encountering the creature , he smacked it with his cane and shouted , `` Get out of my way , you red imp ! ''	As a consequence , a string of bad luck befell Cadillac ; he was charged with abuse of power and reassigned to Louisiana , later returning to France where he was briefly imprisoned and eventually lost his fortune .
The architects , Michael Hopkins and Partners , published their design in 1993 and the existing buildings on the site were demolished in 1994 .	At the same time , London Underground was building the Jubilee Line Extension , including a new interchange station at Westminster tube station which occupies the same area ; the two were thus designed and built as a single unit .
He was also made Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden , of Chelwood Gate in the County of East Sussex and of Stockton-on-Tees in the County of Cleveland , at the same time , also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .	This title is used as the courtesy title by the Earl 's heir apparent .
William Eugene Smith ( December 30 , 1918 – October 15 , 1978 ) was an American photojournalist , who has been described as `` perhaps the single most important American photographer in the development of the editorial photo essay . ''	His major photo essays include World War II photographs , the dedication of an American country doctor and a nurse midwife , the clinic of Dr Schweitzer in French Equatorial Africa , the city of Pittsburgh , and the pollution which damaged the health of the residents of Minamata in Japan .
Waterloo Bridge ( ) is a road and foot traffic bridge crossing the River Thames in London , between Blackfriars Bridge and Hungerford Bridge .	Its name commemorates the victory of the British , Dutch and Prussians at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 .
Broughty Castle is a historic castle on the banks of the river Tay in Broughty Ferry , Dundee , Scotland .	It was completed around 1495 , although the site was earlier fortified in 1454 when George Douglas , 4th Earl of Angus received permission to build on the site .
This is in contrast to Lambeth Bridge , which is red , the same colour as the seats in the House of Lords and is on the opposite side of the Houses of Parliament .	In 2005–2007 , it underwent a complete refurbishment , including replacing the iron fascias and repainting the whole bridge .
The purpose of the competition is to encourage interest in science in secondary schools .	For the 51st year of the competition in 2016 , there were over 2,000 entries , from 396 schools which was the highest number ever , 550 of which were selected for the Exhibition at the RDS .
At the time Baldwin first appears in the records he was already a count , presumably in the area of Flanders , but this is not known .	Count Baldwin rose to prominence when he eloped with princess Judith , daughter of Charles the Bald , king of West Francia .
County Hall ( sometimes called London County Hall ) is a building in London that was the headquarters of London County Council ( LCC ) and later the Greater London Council ( GLC ) .	The building is on the South Bank of the River Thames , with Westminster Bridge being next to it , heading south .
The project , entitled `` Cryptography – A new algorithm versus the RSA '' , also won her the EU Young Scientist of the Year Award for 1999 .	Her book `` In Code '' ( 2001 ) , co-written with her father , mathematician David Flannery , retells the story of the making and breaking of the algorithm , as well as the enjoyment she got from solving mathematical puzzles while growing up .
There are several climbing routes , including :	One of the most prominent features of Mount Athabasca is a horned-shaped tip near the top called the `` Silverhorn '' .
This article is about the history of the Aromanians .	For the history of Northern Vlachs ( Romanians ) , see History of Romania .
In 1812 , he set sail for Buenos Aires and offered his services to the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata , present-day Argentina .	After the Battle of San Lorenzo and time commanding the Army of the North during 1814 , he organized a plan to defeat the Spanish forces that menaced the United Provinces from the north , using an alternative path to the Viceroyalty of Peru .
She was the first Republican governor of Hawaii since 1962 .	Lingle was also the first female governor of Hawaii and its first Jewish governor .
Menander Protector ( Menander the Guardsman , Menander the Byzantian ; or Προτέκτωρ ) , Byzantine historian , was born in Constantinople in the middle of the 6th century AD .	The little that is known of his life is contained in the account of himself quoted in the `` Suda '' ( Mu,591 : Μένανδρος ) .
It is situated four miles east of the city centre on the north bank of the Firth of Tay .	The area was a separate burgh from 1864 until 1913 , when it was incorporated into Dundee .
In March 2000 , Gernon was honoured with “ the highest form of recognition a county can bestow ” - a joint civic reception from Louth County Council and Dundalk Urban District Council .	Thomas Gernon studied geology at University College Dublin graduating with First Class Honours in 2004 .
APA style is a writing style and format for academic documents such as scholarly journal articles and books .	It is commonly used for citing sources within the field of social sciences .
He became a deacon at Constantinople , attained a high reputation as a scholar , and became the tutor of Constantine Ducas , son of the Emperor Michael VII , for whom he wrote `` The Education of Princes '' .	In ca .
The history of Tokyo shows the growth of Japan 's largest urban center .	The eastern part of Tokyo occupies land in the Kantō region that together with the modern-day Saitama Prefecture , the city of Kawasaki and the eastern part of Yokohama make up Musashi ; one of the provinces under the `` ritsuryō '' system .
Hector is a muscle-bound bulldog with gray fur ( except in `` A Street Cat Named Sylvester '' and `` Greedy for Tweety '' , where his fur is yellowish ) and walks pigeon-toed .	His face bears a perpetual scowl between two immense jowls .
Between 250 and 225 BC , the Parisii , a sub-tribe of the Celtic Senones , settled at Nanterre on the banks of the Seine , built bridges and a fort , minted coins , and began to trade with other river settlements in Europe .	In 52 BC , a Roman army led by Titus Labienus defeated the Parisii and established a Gallo-Roman garrison town called Lutetia .
at Zuqnin Monastery , but in 534 we find him in Palestine , and in 535 he passed to Constantinople .	The cause of his leaving Amida might have been the great plague which broke out there in 542 .
Autogenic training is a desensitization-relaxation technique developed by the German psychiatrist Johannes Heinrich Schultz by which a psychophysiologically determined relaxation response is obtained .	The technique was first published in 1932 .
In the three to four months up to the end of April , over 800,000 German soldiers surrendered on the Eastern Front .	In early April , the first Allied-governed `` Rheinwiesenlagers '' were established in western Germany to hold hundreds of thousands of captured or surrendered Axis Forces personnel .
It was a catastrophic defeat for Scotland , where it became known as Black Saturday .	In the last years of his reign , King Henry VIII of England tried to secure an alliance with Scotland by the marriage of the infant Mary , Queen of Scots , to his young son , the future Edward VI .
The victors blamed Germany entirely for the war and all resulting damages ; it was Germany that effectively started the war with an attack on France through Belgium .	France had , in 1871 , suffered a defeat in the Franco-Prussian War , and demanded compensation for financial devastation during the First World War , which ensured that the various peace treaties , specifically the Treaty of Versailles would impose tough financial war reparations and restrictions on Germany in the aftermath of World War I .
The name is still recognised locally and survives in the district of South Holland .	Parts of Holland was one of the three medieval subdivisions or 'Parts ' of Lincolnshire ( the other two were Lindsey and Kesteven ) which had long had separate county administrations ( quarter sessions ) .
The 2000 presidential campaign of George W. Bush , the 46th Governor of Texas , was formally launched on June 14 , 1999 as Governor Bush , the eldest son of former President George H.W .	Bush announced his intention to seek the Republican Party nomination for the presidency of the United States in the 2000 presidential election .
The Bush family is an American family that is prominent in the fields of politics , sports , entertainment , and business , founded by Obadiah Bush and Harriet Smith .	Best known for its involvement in politics , the family has held various national and state offices spanning across four generations , including a U.S .
She was a graduate of Germantown Friends School and received an AB from Bryn Mawr College in 1923 .	In 1926 , she earned an MS in library science from the Drexel Institute , and became a librarian at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
He was nicknamed the Bald ( `` Calvus '' ) after his maternal grandfather , King Charles the Bald .	Baldwin II was born around 865 to Baldwin I of Flanders and Judith of Flanders , the great-granddaughter of Charlemagne .
From 1788 to 1900 Sydney was the capital of the British colony of New South Wales .	An elected city council was established in 1840 .
Whenever the hammer strikes the three conventional strings , the aliquot string vibrates sympathetically .	Aliquot stringing broadens the vibrational energy throughout the instrument , and creates an unusually complex and colorful tone .
The oldest part of the city was settled in the 4th millennium BCE , making Jerusalem one of the oldest cities in the world .	Given the city 's central position in both Israeli nationalism and Palestinian nationalism , the selectivity required to summarize more than 5,000 years of inhabited history is often influenced by ideological bias or background ( see Historiography and nationalism ) .
The symbol formula_2 is a serif form of the Hebrew letter gimel .	The gimel hypothesis states that formula_3
He was a trades-union leader , who became president of the banned National Democratic Party , and was jailed for ten years by Rhodesia 's white minority government .	After his release , ZAPU contributed to the fall of that government , but then feuded with the rival ZANU group led by Robert Mugabe .
Sailing to Philadelphia is the second solo studio album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler , released on 26 September 2000 by Vertigo Records internationally , and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States .	The album contains featured vocal performances by James Taylor and Van Morrison .
Ralph Joseph Gleason ( March 1 , 1917 – June 3 , 1975 ) was an American jazz and popular music critic .	He contributed for many years to the `` San Francisco Chronicle '' , was a founding editor of `` Rolling Stone '' magazine , and cofounder of the Monterey Jazz Festival .
This subdivision had long had a separate county administration ( quarter sessions ) , along with the other two parts , Lindsey and Holland .	The word `` Kesteven '' is supposed to have derived from two root words : the Celtic ' meaning wood ( compare Modern Welsh ' ) and the Old Norse `` '' , a meeting place .
On is the third EP by English electronic musician Aphex Twin , released on 15 November 1993 by Warp .	`` On Remixes '' , featuring remixes by James , Reload and µ-Ziq , was released on the same day .
She is notable for the extensive media coverage that followed her death shortly after her 18th birthday .	On 11 November , she took an ecstasy ( MDMA ) tablet , and then drank approximately 7 litres of water in a 90-minute period .
Highway 19 , is the main north-south thoroughfare on Vancouver Island from Nanaimo to Port Hardy .	A highway has existed on the Island since about 1912 .
Collis Potter Huntington ( October 22 , 1821 – August 13 , 1900 ) was one of the Big Four of western railroading .	( along with Leland Stanford , Mark Hopkins , and Charles Crocker ) who invested in Theodore Judah 's idea to build the Central Pacific Railroad as part of the first U.S. transcontinental railroad .
Arnulf was the son of margrave Baldwin II of Flanders and Ælfthryth of Wessex , daughter of Alfred the Great .	Through his mother he was a descendant of the Anglo-Saxon kings of England , and through his father , a descendant of Charlemagne .
That is , it is a complete `` r '' -partite graph	Each vertex has degree either formula_6 or formula_7 .
He dropped out , but while at Berkeley he participated in the Free Speech Movement .	Wenner , with his mentor Ralph J. Gleason , co-founded `` Rolling Stone '' in 1967 with the help of a loan from family members and his soon-to-be wife .
In graph theory , Turán 's theorem is a result on the number of edges in a `` K '' -free graph .	An -vertex graph that does not contain any -vertex clique may be formed by partitioning the set of vertices into parts of equal or nearly equal size , and connecting two vertices by an edge whenever they belong to two different parts .
The trouble began when Andrew Chinarian , the 39-year-old owner of Bolton 's Bar , observed three black youths tampering with his car in the parking lot .	He fired a pistol or rifle , fatally wounding Obie Wynn ( 18 ) .
His father Baldwin III died in 962 , when Arnulf was just an infant , whilst Arnulf 's grandfather , Arnulf I , was still alive .	When Arnulf I died three years later ( 965 ) , the regency was held by his kinsman Baldwin Balso , who died in 973 .
The band 's name comes from the word `` noumenon '' , a philosophical term used by Immanuel Kant .	The band consists of five members : vocalist Antti Haapanen , guitarists Tuukka Tuomela and Ville Lamminaho , bass guitarist Hannu Savolainen and drummer Ilkka Unnbom , a lineup they have maintained since their formation .
Rabbula ( ) was a bishop of Edessa from 411 to August 435 AD , noteworthy for his opposition to the views of Theodore of Mopsuestia and Nestorius .	However , his successor Ibas , who was in charge of the school of Edessa , reversed the official stance of that bishopric .
It comprises a large men 's prison ( `` maison d'arrêt '' ) of about 1200 cells , a smaller one for women and a penitentiary hospital .	Fresnes is one of the three main prisons of the Paris area , the Fleury-Mérogis Prison ( Europe 's largest prison ) and the La Santé Prison ( located in the centre of Paris ) being the other two .
The city government of Kobe first proposed an airport adjacent to Port Island in 1971 .	At the time , government planners were seeking alternatives to the heavily congested Osaka International Airport : the original Kobe Airport plan called for six runways more than in length on a facility .
Purée Mongole is usually made with carrots , onions , white turnips , leeks , a stock ( either beef or chicken ) and milk .	Depending on the recipe , it can have julienne carrots and be seasoned with curry powder , ground cloves , turmeric , nutmeg , cumin , and basil , in addition to salt and pepper .
The smooth breathing ( ; `` psilí '' ; ) is a diacritical mark used in polytonic orthography .	In ancient Greek , it marks the absence of the voiceless glottal fricative from the beginning of a word .
Most of the section between Birmingham and Nuneaton is now classified as the B4114 .	The original ( 1923 ) route of the A47 was Birmingham to Great Yarmouth , but there were some changes made to its route in the early years .
He was also the first investor and the former CEO of TCHO chocolate company .	Louis Rossetto was born and grew up on Long Island , New York in an Italian-American family .
Suvarnabhumi Airport ( , , ) , also known unofficially as Bangkok Airport , is one of two international airports serving Bangkok , Thailand .	The other is Don Mueang International Airport .
Baldwin IV , born c. 980 , was the son of Arnulf II , Count of Flanders ( c. 961 — 987 ) and Rozala of Italy ( 950/60 – 1003 ) , of the House of Ivrea .	He succeeded his father as Count of Flanders in 987 , but with his mother Rozala as the regent until his majority .
It is home to Mount Allison University , a primarily undergraduate liberal arts university .	Historically based on agriculture , shipbuilding , and manufacturing , the economy is now driven by the university and tourism .
Baldwin V of Flanders ( c. 1012 – 1 September 1067 ) was Count of Flanders from 1035 until his death .	He was the son of Baldwin IV , Count of Flanders , who died in 1035 .
The 25,700-word statement `` articulated the fundamental problems of American society and laid out a radical vision for a better future '' .	It issued a nonideological call for participatory democracy , `` both as a means and an end '' , based on non-violent civil disobedience and the idea that individual citizens could help make `` those social decisions determining the quality and direction '' of their lives .
A miracle attributed to his intercession and required for his canonization is now under investigation .	Popiełuszko was born on 14 September 1947 in Okopy near Suchowola .
mucopurulent discharge ) .	Rheum dries and gathers as a crust in the corners of the eyes or the mouth , on the eyelids , or under the nose .
Punica is a small genus of fruit-bearing deciduous shrubs or small trees .	The better known species is the pomegranate ( `` Punica granatum '' ) .
Prosopis is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae .	It contains around 45 species of spiny trees and shrubs found in subtropical and tropical regions of the Americas , Africa , Western Asia , and South Asia .
Petroselinum ( parsley ) is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae , native to western and southern Europe and northern Africa .	They are bright green hairless biennial herbaceous plants , rarely annual plants .
The Queen of New Zealand awards honours on ministerial advice .	However , certain awards remain in the exclusive gift of the Queen .
Small amounts of carbohydrates are also found in cell membrane .	The model , which was devised by SJ Singer and GL Nicolson in 1972 , describes the cell membrane as a two-dimensional liquid that restricts the lateral diffusion of membrane components .
The Cats were a member of the South Division of the now disbanded United League Baseball , which was not affiliated with Major League Baseball .	From 2002 to 2014 , the Cats played their home games at LaGrave Field .
Hingley formed The Toasters in 1981 after seeing The Beat perform at the Roseland Ballroom .	The group 's first live show was supporting Bad Brains at A7 in 1981 .
Famous alumni include Leibniz , Goethe , Leopold von Ranke , Friedrich Nietzsche , Robert Schumann , Richard Wagner , Tycho Brahe , Georgius Agricola , Angela Merkel and the nine Nobel laureates associated with the university .	The university was modelled on the University of Prague , from which the German-speaking faculty members withdrew to Leipzig after the Jan Hus crisis and the Decree of Kutná Hora .
The Iowa Cubs are a Minor League Baseball team of the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) and the Triple-A affiliate of the Chicago Cubs .	They are located in Des Moines , Iowa , and play their home games at Principal Park which opened in 2004 .
The General Assembly is the supreme decision-making body of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) .	The General Assembly came into being as a part of the restructuring of the OAS that took place following adoption of the Protocol of Buenos Aires ( signed 27 February 1967 ; in force as of 12 March 1970 ) , which contained extensive amendments to the Organization 's Charter .
He was an advocate of religious liberty at a time when to hold to such views could be dangerous and punishable by death .	He died in prison as a consequence of the religious persecution of Protestant dissenters under King James I .
Two cabinet members , Takashi Fukaya and Tokuichiro Tamazawa , lost their seats .	The Democratic Party made major gains under the leadership of Yukio Hatoyama .
In contemporary times , the former is widely considered a symbol of fascism that is commonly perceived to be based on a custom in ancient Rome .	However , no Roman text gives this description , and the Roman works of art that display salutational gestures bear little resemblance to the modern Roman salute .
The `` Palmer line '' however , never developed as a denomination .	It consisted of only about three churches in North Carolina .
SPI devices communicate in full duplex mode using a master-slave architecture with a single master .	The master device originates the frame for reading and writing .
This device was eventually replaced by computers , but the process is still called rotoscoping .	In the visual effects industry , `` rotoscoping '' is the technique of manually creating a matte for an element on a live-action plate so it may be composited over another background .
RFM is a method used for analyzing customer value .	It is commonly used in database marketing and direct marketing and has received particular attention in retail and professional services industries .
The standard was created by the Video Electronics Standards Association ( VESA ) .	The DDC suite of standards aims to provide a `` plug and play '' experience for computer displays .
Russell created more than 2,000 paintings of cowboys , Indians , and landscapes set in the Western United States and in Alberta , Canada , in addition to bronze sculptures .	Known as 'the cowboy artist ' , Russell was also a storyteller and author .
Vaccinium macrocarpon ( also called large cranberry , American cranberry and bearberry ) is a North American species of cranberry of the subgenus `` Oxycoccus '' and genus `` Vaccinium '' .	`` Vaccinium macrocarpon '' is native to central and eastern Canada ( Ontario to Newfoundland ) and the northeastern and north-central United States ( Northeast , Great Lakes Region , and Appalachians as far south as North Carolina and Tennessee ) .
Cooties is a fictitious childhood disease , used in the United States and Canada as a rejection term and an infection tag game ( such as Humans vs. Zombies ) .	It is similar to the British dreaded lurgi , and to terms used in the Nordic countries , in Italy , Australia and New Zealand .
The Ionian dialect was one of the three major linguistic divisions of the Hellenic world , together with the Dorian and Aeolian dialects .	When referring to populations , “ `` Ionian '' ” defines several groups in Classical Greece .
The Greek Dark Ages , Homeric Age ( named for the fabled poet , Homer ) or Geometric period ( so called after the characteristic Geometric art of the time ) , is the period of Greek history from the end of the Mycenaean palatial civilization around 1100 BC to the first signs of the Greek poleis , city states , in the 9th century BC .	The archaeological evidence shows a widespread collapse of Bronze Age civilization in the Eastern Mediterranean world at the outset of the period , as the great palaces and cities of the Mycenaeans were destroyed or abandoned .
It was lengthened and updated from the DC-9 .	This series can seat from 130 to 172 passengers depending on variant and seating configuration .
The Airbus A318 is the smallest member of the Airbus A320 family of short- to medium-range , narrow-body , commercial passenger twin-engine jet airliners manufactured by Airbus .	The A318 carries up to 132 passengers and has a maximum range of .
The White Mountains of California and Nevada are a triangular fault-block mountain range facing the Sierra Nevada across the upper Owens Valley .	They extend for approximately as a greatly elevated plateau about wide on the south , narrowing to a point at the north , with elevations generally increasing south to north .
The total population of both wards at the 2011 Census was 18,134 .	These are roughly the same as the area normally called Chesterton : specifically the land north of the River Cam , east of Castle Hill and south of the Arbury and King 's Hedges estates .
This includes Aboriginal , Colonial , Landscape , Atelier , early-twentieth-century painters , print makers , photographers , and sculptors influenced by European modernism , Contemporary art .	The visual arts have a long history in Australia , with evidence of Aboriginal art dating back at least 30,000 years .
The White Mountains of Arizona are a mountain range and mountainous region in the eastern part of the state , near the border with New Mexico ; it is a continuation from the west of the Arizona transition zone–Mogollon Rim , with the Rim ending in western New Mexico .	The White Mountains are a part of the Colorado Plateau high country of Northeast Arizona , the Navajo Nation , with the rest of the Plateau in eastern Utah , northwest New Mexico , and southwestern Colorado .
It was drawn for the first time by the Supreme War Council as the demarcation line between the newly emerging states , the Second Polish Republic , and the Soviet Union .	The proposal was put forward by British Foreign Secretary George Curzon , to serve as a diplomatic basis for the future border agreement , and in that form , it never materialized because the war went on .
The newly occupied Second Polish Republic was split into three zones : the General Government in its centre , Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany in the west , and Polish areas annexed by the Soviet Union in the east .	The territory was expanded substantially in 1941 to include the new District of Galicia .
Melbourne art critic Sidney Dickinson coined the term in a July 1891 review of works by Arthur Streeton and Walter Withers .	He noted that these and other local artists , who painted `` en plein air '' in Heidelberg on the city 's outskirts , could be considered members of the `` Heidelberg School '' .
Before Søren Poppe got famous with the band , he was a teacher in a school in Valby , in Copenhagen teaching music and mathematics .	Danmarks Radio invited them to enter the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix in 2001 .
He is best known internationally for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 .	Padar became famous by winning the `` Kaks takti ette '' , a biennial televised competition for young Estonian singers , in 1999 .
She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1987 film `` Fatal Attraction '' .	Her other film appearances include `` Paradise Alley '' ( 1978 ) , `` Patriot Games '' ( 1992 ) , `` Short Cuts '' ( 1993 ) , `` Clear and Present Danger '' ( 1994 ) , and `` Lullaby '' ( 2014 ) .
Prodigy Communications Corporation ( Prodigy Services Corp. , Prodigy Services Co. , Trintex ) was an online service that offered its subscribers access to a broad range of networked services , including news , weather , shopping , bulletin boards , games , polls , expert columns , banking , stocks , travel , and a variety of other features .	Initially , subscribers using personal computers accessed the Prodigy service by means of copper wire telephone `` POTS '' service or X.25 dialup .
Kyl was appointed to the Senate on September 5 , 2018 , succeeding the late John McCain .	A member of the Republican Party , he previously held Arizona 's other seat in the U.S. Senate from January 1995 to January 2013 , serving alongside McCain .
He was the lead singer of the band Blind Melon from 1990 until his death in 1995 .	Hoon was born in Lafayette , Indiana and raised in nearby Dayton , Indiana with his half-sister , Anna , and half-brother , Tim .
The administration over the vast territories of the Spanish Empire was carried out by viceroys , who became governors of an area , which was considered not as a colony but as a province of the empire , with the same rights as any other province in Peninsular Spain .	The Spanish Americas had four viceroyalties :
Senator from Arizona , who served as Senate Minority Whip .	Kyl was born in Wisner , Nebraska , the son of Johanna ( née Boonstra ) and Jon George Kyl , both Dutch immigrants .
His guitar work was primarily rooted in funk and hard rock , although he often experimented with other genres including reggae and speed metal .	He is considered to have been a major influence on the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' early sound .
Lagentium or Legiolum was the Roman name for the fort and surrounding civilian settlement which was built around the year 74 by the Roman Empire .	The English town of Castleford , West Yorkshire , is now built on what was the fort .
Zinnia is a genus of plants of the sunflower tribe within the daisy family .	They are native to scrub and dry grassland in an area stretching from the Southwestern United States to South America , with a centre of diversity in Mexico .
He had recognized the problem in the early Internet ( then ARPAnet ) of holding name to address translations in a single table on a single host , and instead proposed a distributed and dynamic DNS database : essentially DNS as it exists today .	Mockapetris is a fellow of the IEEE and the Association for Computing Machinery .
A nilometer was a structure for measuring the Nile River 's clarity and water level during the annual flood season .	There were three main types of nilometers , calibrated in Egyptian cubits : ( 1 ) a vertical column , ( 2 ) a corridor stairway of steps leading down to the Nile , or ( 3 ) a deep well with culvert .
Nondenominational Christianity ( or non-denominational Christianity ) consists of churches which typically distance themselves from the confessionalism or creedalism of other Christian communities by calling themselves nondenominational .	The first non-denominational churches appeared in the United States in the course of the 20th century , in the form of independent churches .
Referred to as `` Bill '' , `` Willie , '' and `` The Shoe '' , William Lee Shoemaker was born in the town of Fabens , Texas .	At 38 ounces ( 1.1 kg ) , Shoemaker was so small at birth that he was not expected to survive the night .
The Oxford English Dictionary defines the term , first documented in 1984 , as a church with an unusually large membership , especially one preaching a conservative or evangelical form of Christianity and also offering a variety of educational and social activities .	The concept originated in the mid 19th century , continued into the mid 20th century as a low-key phenomenon , and expanded rapidly through the 1980s and 1990s ; it is widely seen across the US in the early 21st century .
Didcot is south of Oxford , east of Wantage and north west of Reading .	The town is noted for its railway heritage , having been a station on Brunel 's Great Western Main Line from London Paddington , opening in 1844 .
George Stephen Boolos ( ; September 4 , 1940 – May 27 , 1996 ) was an American philosopher and a mathematical logician who taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .	Boolos graduated from Princeton University in 1961 with an A.B .
Its members were Fermín IV ( listed as Fermin IV Caballero Elizondo in credits ) , Patricio `` Pato Machete '' Chapa Elizalde , and Toy Kenobi ( Antonio `` Toy '' Hernández ) .	The group moved to the mainstream after their song `` Sí Señor '' was used as backing in the Levi 's Super Bowl television commercial `` Crazy Legs '' .
The Force served in the Aleutian Islands , and fought in Italy , and southern France before being disbanded in December 1944 .	The modern American and Canadian special operations forces trace their heritage to this unit .
In mathematics , a function space is a set of functions between two fixed sets .	Often , the domain and/or codomain will have additional structure which is inherited by the function space .
Environmental concerns have been expressed about the effects of these expansions , in terms of water quality and loss of natural habitat .	It has also been proposed that benefits of land reclamation may be less than the effects of decreased harbour width , affecting the number of vessels passing through the harbour .
The Queen is usually represented by a governor-general .	Before 1951 , there was an upper chamber , the New Zealand Legislative Council .
It lies on the east coast of the island .	It is about 50 km south of the town of Rhodes and its fine beaches make it a popular tourist and holiday destination .
The southerly side is a boundary with the African Plate to the west , the Arabian Plate in the middle and the Indo-Australian Plate to the east .	The westerly side is a divergent boundary with the North American Plate forming the northernmost part of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , which is straddled by Iceland .
Paul Reiser ( born March 30 , 1956 ) is an American comedian , actor , writer , and musician .	He is best known for his roles as Michael Taylor in the 1980s sitcom `` My Two Dads '' , Paul Buchman in the 1990s TV sitcom `` Mad About You '' , Carter Burke in the 1986 film `` Aliens '' , and more recently as Doug Getty in the Amazon TV series `` Red Oaks '' .
`` F-Zero X '' was ported in 2004 to the iQue Player in China .	The game was re-released on the Wii Virtual Console in Japan , Europe and in North America , in 2007 .
Squires was born in Harbour Grace , Newfoundland in 1880 .	He started out practising law in St. John 's .
Cercis is derived from the Greek word κερκις ( `` kerkis '' ) meaning `` weaver 's shuttle '' , which was applied by Theophrastus to `` C. siliquastrum '' .	`` Cercis '' species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Mouse Moth ( recorded on Eastern Redbud ) .The bark of `` C. chinensis '' has been used in Chinese medicine as an antiseptic .
In most Korean Buddhist temples , the highest , most important , and often largest building is the Mahavira Hall -- the central hall containing statues of the historical Buddha and other important figures .	In the Three Jewel Temples , however , the most important buildings are ones that emphasize each temple 's particular jewel .
In general , a quantum group is some kind of Hopf algebra .	There is no single , all-encompassing definition , but instead a family of broadly similar objects .
Norton Juster ( born June 2 , 1929 ) is an American academic , architect , and popular writer .	He is best known as an author of children 's books , notably for `` The Phantom Tollbooth '' and `` The Dot and the Line '' .
The present school was formed in 1997 by the amalgamation of the original Berkhamsted Grammar School , founded in 1541 by John Incent , Dean of St Paul 's Cathedral , Berkhamsted School for Girls , established in 1888 , and Berkhamsted Preparatory School .	The new merged school was initially called Berkhamsted Collegiate School , but reverted to Berkhamsted School in 2008 .
Erik Ortvad ( born in Copenhagen June 18 , 1917 , died in Kvänjarp February 29 , 2008 ) was a painter and a creator of many drawings .	He debuted as a painter in 1935 .
The Gleiwitz incident ( ; ) was a covert Nazi German attack on the German radio station `` Sender Gleiwitz '' on the night of 31 August 1939 ( today Gliwice , Poland ) .	The attack is widely regarded as a deceitful false flag operation , staged with some two dozen similar German incidents on the eve of the invasion of Poland leading up to World War II in Europe .
The newspaper was founded in 1979 by the Socialist Campaign for a Labour Victory , later renamed the Socialist Organiser Alliance .	The newspaper was originally a vehicle for united work between the International-Communist League ( I-CL ) , the Workers ' Socialist League ( who merged with the ICL to become a new WSL ) , Workers Power and independent leftists , such as Ken Livingstone .
The paper became identified with the AWL after its name was changed to `` Action for Solidarity '' and it went fortnightly .	The name was subsequently shortened to `` Solidarity '' .
Players ( usually children ) then try to catch one with their teeth .	Use of arms is not allowed , and often are tied behind the back to prevent cheating .
The Electricity Council was also created at that time , as a policy-making body for the electricity supply industry .	The CEGB was responsible for electricity generation in England and Wales , whilst in Scotland electricity generation was carried out by the South of Scotland Electricity Board and the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board .
Typically , in 2nd class the seat serves as the lowest bunk , and the back of the seat is turned into a horizontal position and serves as the middle bunk .	There are two types of couchette car in countries of the former USSR : `` coupé '' and `` platzkart '' .
It keeps account of the gains and losses of energy of the system that are due to changes in its internal state .	The internal energy of a system can be changed by transfers of matter or heat or by doing work .
People respond comments and post forum in established mailing list , news group or IRC .	Other group members could choose to respond by posting text or image .
The term is sometimes used interchangeably ( both correctly and incorrectly ) with `` bridgehead '' and `` lodgement '' .	Beachheads were very important in operations such as `` Operation Neptune '' during World War II , the Korean War ( especially at Inchon ) , and the Vietnam War , among many other examples .
Born in Saint Petersburg in Russia , he received a B.S .	in computer science and an M.A .
Bernstein was represented by the Electronic Frontier Foundation , who hired outside lawyer Cindy Cohn and also obtained pro bono assistance from Lee Tien of Berkeley ; M. Edward Ross of the San Francisco law firm of Steefel , Levitt & Weiss ; James Wheaton and Elizabeth Pritzker of the First Amendment Project in Oakland ; and Robert Corn-Revere , Julia Kogan , and Jeremy Miller of the Washington , DC , law firm of Hogan & Hartson .	After four years and one regulatory change , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that software source code was speech protected by the First Amendment and that the government 's regulations preventing its publication were unconstitutional .
Due to the Urkel character 's off-putting characteristics and the way he 's written to stir up events and underscore the plot or even move it along , he is considered a nuisance by the original protagonist 's family , the Winslows , though they come to accept him over time .	The character is the epitome of a geek or nerd of the era , due to traits such as large , thick eyeglasses , flood pants held up by suspenders , multi-colored cardigan sweaters , and a high-pitched voice .
Born in St. John 's , he was the son of Newman Hoyles , the first leader of the Tory Party .	Educated in Nova Scotia Hoyles trained as a lawyer and returned to St John 's in 1842 , quickly establishing a large and lucrative legal practice .
He retired by the mid-1960s to become a freelance photojournalist under contract to `` Time '' .	In search of exceptional images , he traveled with special forces units and irregulars operating in remote areas .
Daria Morgendorffer is a fictional character from the MTV animated series `` Beavis and Butt-Head '' and its spin-off `` Daria '' .	She was voiced in both incarnations by Tracy Grandstaff .
Pykrete features unusual properties , including a relatively slow melting rate due to its low thermal conductivity , as well as a vastly improved strength and toughness compared to ordinary ice .	These physical properties can make the material comparable to concrete , as long as the material is kept frozen .
Pierre was awarded the 2003 Booker Prize for fiction for `` Vernon God Little '' , his first novel , becoming the third Australian-born author to be so honoured .	Upon winning the Whitbread First Novel Award in 2003 he became the first writer to receive a Booker and a Whitbread for the same book .
UIC operates the largest medical school in the United States with research expenditures exceeding $ 412 million and consistently ranks in the top 50 U.S. institutions for research expenditures .	In the 2015 `` U.S. News & World Report '' 's ranking of colleges and universities , UIC ranked as the 129th best in the `` national universities '' category .
Jorge Pullin attended the University of Buenos Aires ( electrical engineering ) for two years before leaving for Instituto Balseiro in Argentina to finish a M.Sc .	in Physics ( 1986 ) .
Readiness Center .	It is located on Arlington Boulevard ( U.S. Route 50 ) between S. Glebe Road ( State Route 120 ) and S. George Mason Drive .
The park follows a rough , undeveloped of the Cossatot River .	The river itself is included in Arkansas 's Natural and Scenic Rivers System and the National Park Service 's list of National Wild and Scenic Rivers , making it a whitewater rafting destination .
These events included team competitions for the first time in modern Olympic archery .	Men 's and women 's individual competitions continued to be part of the schedule as well .
KDE Display Manager ( KDM ) is a display manager ( a graphical login program ) developed by KDE for the windowing systems X11 and Wayland .	KDE Display Manager is based on the source code of X display manager and was the default display manager of the KDE Software Compilation , until it was retired in KDE Plasma 5 in favor of SDDM .
There may be a repeating motif , but there is no `` chorus '' as in most popular songs .	The supernatural is a common theme in border ballads , as are recountings of raids and battles .
One of Arkansas 's most popular state parks , the parks is bisected by Crowley 's Ridge Parkway , a National Scenic Byway .	The site became a state park in 1933 in an effort to honor Crowley and the heritage of the Crowley 's Ridge area .
The American Secular Union ( ASU , also sometimes called the `` American Secular Union and Freethought Federation '' ) espoused	secularism and freethought at the end of the 19th century in the United States of America .
Purchase is home to State University of New York at Purchase and Manhattanville College .	In 1967 , 200 residents stated support for a plan to incorporate Purchase so corporations could not build in the community .
Policing in Thames Valley dates back to 1773 when Newbury Borough Police were operating as a small police force ; their officers ' duties included usual policing activity as well as repairing gates and bridges .	The force was one of around twenty borough forces that amalgamated with their county police force .
Kathryn Dawn Lang ( born November 2 , 1961 ) , known by her stage name k.d .	lang , is a Canadian pop and country singer-songwriter and occasional actress .
A meeting of this union near Elaine , Arkansas , was disrupted on the evening of September 30 , 1919 .	The fatal shooting of a white man sparked retaliation by whites ; hundreds poured into the area , attacking blacks on sight and resulting in the Elaine Race Riot , believed to be the deadliest in American history .
The Lucena position is one of the most famous and important positions in chess endgame theory , where one side has a rook and a pawn and the defender has a rook .	It is fundamental in the rook and pawn versus rook endgame .
The epistemic virtues , as identified by virtue epistemologists , reflect their contention that belief is an ethical process , and thus susceptible to the intellectual virtue or vice of one 's own life and personal experiences .	Some epistemic virtues have been identified by W. Jay Wood , based on research into the medieval tradition .
In some cases , the front-back distinction may simply be lost when vowels are merged .	This has occurred in Wichita , in which an old vowel ( preserved in the related language Pawnee ) has merged with .
It was published posthumously in 1681 .	This poem is considered one of Marvell 's finest and is possibly the best recognized carpe diem poem in English .
SNET also operated SNET America , which sold long distance services to Southern New England Telephone customers within Connecticut .	Under threats of a hostile takeover , Southern New England Telephone underwent a restructuring in 1986 , creating Southern New England Telecommunications as the holding company of SNET and its related businesses .
Wilfrid was educated at the University of Michigan ( BA , 1933 ) , the University at Buffalo , and Oriel College , Oxford ( 1934–1937 ) , where he was a Rhodes Scholar , obtaining his highest earned degree , an MA , in 1940 .	During World War II , he served in military intelligence .
Chinese communists celebrate Yan'an as the birthplace of the revolution .	In medieval China , Yan'an was once called `` Yanzhou '' , a location of strategic military importance for the Chinese empire and Tanguts of the Western Xia Dynasty .
On the Road is a novel by American writer Jack Kerouac , based on the travels of Kerouac and his friends across the United States .	It is considered a defining work of the postwar Beat and Counterculture generations , with its protagonists living life against a backdrop of jazz , poetry , and drug use .
It is named variously for businessman Samuel Waldo , who eventually gained control of the patent , and for the Muscongus River , one of the grant 's boundaries .	In March 1630 , John Beauchamp of London , England , and Thomas Leverett of Boston , England , obtained a grant of land from a company acting under the authority of the government of England .
This mission , Shenzhou 5 , made China the third country to independently send humans into space .	Yang was born in Suizhong County , Huludao , Liaoning province .
The name comes from the initials of the Association of Consumers and Taxpayers , founded in 1993 by Roger Douglas and Derek Quigley , from which the party grew in 1994 .	It was briefly led by National Party leader and Reserve Bank Governor Don Brash for the 2011 general election .
China became the third country in the world to have independent human spaceflight capability after the Soviet Union ( later , Russia ) and the United States .	The launch was widely heralded in the official Chinese state media with newspapers devoting far more space to the launch than any recent event .
The Joropo is a musical style resembling the fandango , and an accompanying dance .	It has African , Native South American and European influences and originated in Venezuelan territory , have very variants : tuyero , oriental , llanero .
The aircraft rose to an altitude of over and floated from the point of takeoff in San Pedro , California , into and violating controlled airspace near Los Angeles International Airport .	During the landing , the aircraft became entangled in power lines , but Walters was able to safely climb down .
Designed to launch crewed Shenzhou spacecraft , the Long March 2F is a human-rated two-stage version of the Long March 2E rocket , which in turn was based on the Long March 2C launch vehicle .	It is launched from complex SLS at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre .
He was the son of Molpagoras , previous tyrant of an independent Miletus , and brother-in-law ( and nephew ) of Histiaeus , whom the Persians had set up as tyrant , but never quite trusted .	After general Megabazus presented his complaints about Histiaeus to Darius I of Persia , the latter summoned Histiaeus to his court and detained him at Susa , the main reason being that he wanted a trustworthy advisor .
Ficus macrophylla , commonly known as the Moreton Bay fig or Australian banyan , is a large evergreen banyan tree of the family Moraceae native to eastern Australia , from the Wide Bay–Burnett region in the north to the Illawarra in New South Wales , as well as Lord Howe Island .	Its common name is derived from Moreton Bay in Queensland , Australia .
Mines placed 82nd in the 2017 `` U.S. News & World Report '' `` Best National Universities '' ranking .	In the 2016–17 QS World University Rankings by subject , the university was ranked as the top institution in the world for mineral and mining engineering .
Cyrus the Great ( c. 600 or 576 – 530 BC ) figures in the Hebrew Bible as the patron and deliverer of the Jews .	He is mentioned 23 times by name and alluded to several times more .
In addition to his own recordings as leader , Knepper performed and recorded with Charlie Barnet , Woody Herman , Claude Thornhill , Stan Kenton , Benny Goodman , Gil Evans , Thad Jones and Mel Lewis , Toshiko Akiyoshi and Lew Tabackin , and , most famously , Charles Mingus in the late 1950s and early 1960s .	Knepper died in 2003 of complications of Parkinson 's disease .
Yan ( ; Old Chinese pronunciation : `` * '' ) was an ancient Chinese state during the Zhou dynasty .	Its capital was Ji ( later known as Yanjing and now Beijing ) .
It is part of the Dongfeng Aerospace City ( Base 10 ) .	Although the facility is geographically located within Ejin Banner of Inner Mongolia 's Alxa League , it is named after the nearest city , Jiuquan in Gansu Province .
As a youth , he was recognized as an extraordinary talent and formed a traveling duo with Danny Polo , a musical prodigy on the clarinet and trumpet from nearby Clinton , Indiana .	As a student at Garfield High School in Terre Haute , he played with several theater bands .
Hence a genetic screen is a type of phenotypic screen .	Genetic screens can provide important information on gene function as well as the molecular events that underlie a biological process or pathway .
Touring exhibitions of this work have been presented throughout the world .	Salgado is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador .
In 453 , Jin was split into three successor states : Han , Zhao and Wei .	The Partition of Jin marks the end of the Spring and Autumn Period and the beginning of the Warring States period .
Garner Ted Armstrong ( February 9 , 1930 – September 15 , 2003 ) was an American evangelist and the son of Herbert W. Armstrong , founder of the Worldwide Church of God , at the time a Sabbatarian organization that taught observance of seventh-day Sabbath , and annual Sabbath days based on Leviticus 23 .	Armstrong initially became recognized when he succeeded his father as the voice of `` The World Tomorrow '' , the church 's radio program that aired around the world .
Junius had first entered local politics in 1608 and had held the title of burgomaster in the years 1614 , 1617 , and 1621 , and from the years 1624 to 1628 .	The Bamberg witch trials , which lasted from 1626 to 1631 , were presided over by Prince-Bishop Johann Georg , who was dedicated to spreading the Counter-Reformation .
A major founding organizers of the Agricultural Wheel was W.W. Tedford an Arkansas farmer and school teacher .	The Agricultural Wheel , like other farm protest organizations -- the Southern Farmers ' Alliance , the Louisiana Farmers ' Union .
Following the start of the Second Chechen War in August 1999 , he returned to leading the guerrilla resistance against the Russian army .	He was killed in Tolstoy-Yurt , a village in northern Chechnya , in March 2005 .
In 1967 , he attended Beloit College , but he dropped out and moved to Vermont .	He worked in local clubs playing rock music , then took jazz lessons from a pianist .
Petrology ( from the Greek πέτρος , `` pétros '' , `` rock '' and λόγος , `` lógos '' , `` subject matter '' , see -logy ) is the branch of geology that studies rocks and the conditions under which they form .	Petrology has three subdivisions : igneous , metamorphic , and sedimentary petrology .
For much of the year , the plant appears to be an arrangement of large spiny dead sticks , although closer examination reveals that the stems are partly green .	With rainfall , the plant quickly becomes lush with small ( 2–4 cm ) , ovate leaves , which may remain for weeks or even months .
For standard objects , this effect is negligible at everyday speeds , and can be ignored for all regular purposes , only becoming significant as the object approaches the speed of light relative to the observer .	Length contraction was postulated by George FitzGerald ( 1889 ) and Hendrik Antoon Lorentz ( 1892 ) to explain the negative outcome of the Michelson–Morley experiment and to rescue the hypothesis of the stationary aether ( Lorentz–FitzGerald contraction hypothesis ) .
The boot has taken many forms in various places and times .	Common varieties include the Spanish boot ( sometimes referred to as `` scarpines '' ) and the Malay boot .
The party 's origins lie in the previous Democratic Party of Japan , which was founded in September 1996 by politicians of the centre-right and centre-left with roots in the Liberal Democratic Party and Japan Socialist Party .	In April 1998 the previous DPJ merged with splinters of the New Frontier Party to create a new party which retained the DPJ name .
In about AD 952 the Bishop of London — who is also Lord of the Manor of Stepney — replaced the existing wooden structure with a stone church dedicated to All the Saints .	In 1029 , when Dunstan was canonised , the church was rededicated to St Dunstan and All Saints , a dedication it has retained .
BSB is an improvement over the older practice of using a single system bus , because a single bus typically became a severe bottleneck as CPUs and memory speeds increased .	Due to its dedicated nature , the back-side bus can be optimized for communication with cache , thus eliminating protocol overheads and additional signals that are required on a general-purpose bus .
In addition to being one of the country 's leading bakers through wholly owned subsidiary Weston Foods , Weston is also an experienced supermarket retailer who maintains controlling interest in Loblaw Companies , Canada 's largest food retailer , through a family holding company .	Weston is also head of the world 's second largest luxury goods retailer as Chairman of Holt Renfrew in Canada and the Selfridges Group , owner of Selfridges in the United Kingdom , Brown Thomas of Ireland , the De Bijenkorf department store chain in the Netherlands , and the recently acquired Ogilvy department store in Montreal .
In the 1960s , he proposed that broken symmetry in electroweak theory could explain the origin of mass of elementary particles in general and of the W and Z bosons in particular .	This so-called Higgs mechanism , which was proposed by several physicists besides Higgs at about the same time , predicts the existence of a new particle , the Higgs boson , the detection of which became one of the great goals of physics .
Hilary Mary Weston , ( née Frayne ; born January 12 , 1942 ) is an Irish-Canadian businesswoman and writer who served as the 26th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 1997 to 2002 .	During her five-year tenure , Weston focused on issues related to women , volunteerism , and young people , drawing public attention to people working with the homeless , in hospices and as mentors to at-risk youth .
( 5 November 1837 – 15 January 1909 ) , was a German-Dutch Catholic priest and missionary who is venerated as a saint .	He founded the Society of the Divine Word , a Catholic missionary religious congregation , also known as the `` Divine Word Missionaries '' , as well as two congregations for women .
He was area Bishop of Stepney from 1992 to 1995 and Bishop of London from 1995 to 2017 .	He was sworn of the Privy Council in the same year he became Bishop of London .
Uxbridge is a London Underground station in Uxbridge in the London Borough of Hillingdon , north-west London .	The station is the terminus of the Uxbridge branches of both the Metropolitan line and the Piccadilly line .
Emperor Jing managed to crush the revolt and princes were thereafter denied rights to appoint ministers for their fiefs .	This move helped to consolidate central power which paved the way for the long reign of his son Emperor Wu of Han .
To become a candidate for core city status , a city must have a population greater than 300,000 and an area greater than 100 square kilometers , although special exceptions may be made by order of the cabinet for cities with populations under 300,000 but over 200,000 .	After the abolition of special city status on Apri 1 , 2015 , any city with a population above 200,000 may apply for core city status .
Emperor Wu of Han ( 30 July 157BC29 March 87BC ) , born Liu Che , courtesy name Tong , was the seventh emperor of the Han dynasty of China , ruling from 141–87 BC .	His reign lasted 54 years — a record not broken until the reign of the Kangxi Emperor more than 1,800 years later .
Italian : Monte Nero or Montagna Nera ) is the tallest mountain in the Ioanian island of Cephallonia , Greece , with an elevation of .	Its bedrock is dominantly Cretaceous-era dolostone and limestone .
In computer science , top-down parsing is a parsing strategy where one first looks at the highest level of the parse tree and works down the parse tree by using the rewriting rules of a formal grammar .	LL parsers are a type of parser that uses a top-down parsing strategy .
Walking up to items allows robot to identify them as either kitten , or any of a variety of `` Non-kitten Items '' ( NKIs ) with whimsical , strange or simply random text descriptions .	It is not possible to lose ( though there is a patch that adds a 1 in 10 probability of the NKI killing robot ) .
This type of steel was used by the armies of nomadic peoples .	Bulat steel was the main type of steel used for swords in the armies of Genghis Khan , the great emperor of the Mongolian Empire .
In ancient times steel and iron were impossible to melt using charcoal or coal fires , which could not produce temperatures high enough .	However , pig iron , having a higher carbon content thus a lower melting point , could be melted , and by soaking wrought iron or steel in the liquid pig-iron for long periods of time , the carbon content of the pig iron could be reduced as it slowly diffused into the iron .
Emperor Zhao was the youngest son of Emperor Wu of Han .	By the time he was born , Emperor Wu was already 62 .
They have a carbon content between 0.05–0.25 % to retain formability and weldability .	Other alloying elements include up to 2.0 % manganese and small quantities of copper , nickel , niobium , nitrogen , vanadium , chromium , molybdenum , titanium , calcium , rare earth elements , or zirconium .
These bands are formed by sheets of microscopic carbides within a tempered martensite or pearlite matrix in higher carbon steel , or by ferrite and pearlite banding in lower carbon steels .	It was a pioneering steel alloy developed in Southern India in the 6th century BC and exported globally .
The story starts with the philologist Elwin Ransom , some years after his return from Mars at the end of `` Out of the Silent Planet '' , receiving a new mission from the Oyarsa ( the angelic ruler ) of Mars .	Ransom summons narrator-Lewis to his country home .
Today this area is the heartland of New York State , and with the military power of the Iroquois vanquished , the events also opened up the vast Ohio Country , the Great Lakes regions , Western Pennsylvania , West Virginia , and Kentucky to post-war settlements .	Led by Major General John Sullivan and Brigadier General James Clinton , the expedition was conducted during the summer of 1779 , beginning June 18 when the army marched from Easton , Pennsylvania , to October 3 when it abandoned Fort Sullivan , built at Tioga , to return to George Washington 's main camp in New Jersey .
He was given the new fief of Haihun in modern Jiangxi Province , and therefore became known as the Marquis of Haihun ( ) .	It is not known when Liu He was born , although it is thought to have been around 92 BC .
Suhl is a city in Thuringia , Germany , located SW of Erfurt , NE of Würzburg and N of Nuremberg .	With its 35,000 inhabitants , it is the smallest of the six urban districts within Thuringia .
Born in Štip , Kingdom of Serbia ( then occupied by Bulgaria ) , Gligorov later graduated from the University of Belgrade 's Law School .	After the defeat of Yugoslavia in 1941 , he returned to Skopje ( then annexed by Bulgaria ) , where Gligorov worked as a lawyer until 1943 .
Netley Abbey is a ruined late medieval monastery in the village of Netley near Southampton in Hampshire , England .	The abbey was founded in 1239 as a house for monks of the austere Cistercian order .
Emperor Xuan of Han ( 91 BC – 10 January 49 BC ) , born Liu Bingyi ( 劉病已 ) , later renamed to Liu Xun ( 劉詢 ) , was an emperor of the Chinese Han dynasty from 74 to 49 BC .	His life story was a riches-to-rags-to-riches story .
Frederik , Crown Prince of Denmark , Count of Monpezat , ( Frederik André Henrik Christian ; born 26 May 1968 ) is the heir apparent to the throne of Denmark .	Frederik is the elder son of Queen Margrethe II and the late Henrik , Prince Consort .
Trajkovski graduated in 1980 with a degree in law from the Ss .	Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje .
Leduc is a city in the province of Alberta , Canada .	It is south of the provincial capital of Edmonton and is part of the Edmonton Metropolitan Region .
The Great Baltimore Fire raged in Baltimore , Maryland , United States on Sunday , February 7 and Monday , February 8 , 1904 .	1,231 firefighters helped bring the blaze under control , both professional paid Truck and Engine companies from the Baltimore City Fire Department ( B.C.F.D . )
He played a leading role in the 14 July Revolution , in which the Hashemite monarchy was overthrown on July 14 , 1958 .	Along with Abdel Karim Qasim and other Iraqi military officers , Arif was a member of the clandestine organisation , the Free Officers of Iraq .
On August 10 , 1781 , Congress selected Robert R. Livingston , a delegate from New York , as the first Secretary for Foreign Affairs .	Livingston was unable to take office until October 20 , 1781 .
In probability and statistics , an exponential family is a set of probability distributions of a certain form , specified below .	This special form is chosen for mathematical convenience , based on some useful algebraic properties , as well as for generality , as exponential families are in a sense very natural sets of distributions to consider .
He also supported the coup that brought his brother , Abdul Salam Arif , to power in 1963 .	His brother appointed him head of the army following the coup , and when the younger Arif died in an aircraft crash in April 1966 , Prime Minister Abdul Rahman al-Bazzaz ( `` a Western-oriented lawyer '' and the first civilian to head an Iraqi government since the 1958 revolution ) became acting president ; three days later , al-Bazzaz was chosen to become president , then al-Bazzaz immediately relinquished the presidency to Abdul Rahman Arif .
At the most complete division are the full thirty-two points of the mariner 's compass , which adds points such as north by east ( NbE ) between north and north-northeast , and northeast by north ( NEbN ) between north-northeast and northeast .	A compass point allows reference to a specific course ( or azimuth ) in a colloquial fashion , without having to compute or remember degrees .
The 23rd ( twenty-third ) century will be the century of the Anno Domini or Common Era which , in the Gregorian calendar , will begin on January 1 , 2201 , and end on December 31 , 2300 .	Unless changes are made in the religious calendar , in 2285 , the Western Easter will fall on March 22 for the first time since 1818 , the earliest possible date on which Easter can occur .
Senator from Colorado from 1993 until 2005 .	Campbell was a three-term U.S. Representative from 1987 to 1993 , when he was sworn into office as a Senator following his election on November 3 , 1992 .
Serving as a Naval Flight Officer in the U.S. Navy from 1968 until 1973 , he flew the P-3 Orion as a Tactical Coordinator/Mission Commander and saw active duty in the Vietnam War .	After leaving the active duty Navy , he remained in the U.S .
First , some numbers are squares , while others are not ; therefore , all the numbers , including both squares and non-squares , must be more numerous than just the squares .	And yet , for every square there is exactly one positive number that is its square root , and for every number there is exactly one square ; hence , there can not be more of one than of the other .
Players solve puzzles and defeat enemies to unlock parts of a pyramid where the god sleeps ; the game 's ending changes depending on player actions .	`` Pathways '' began as a sequel to Bungie 's `` '' , before the developers created an original story .
Palmer was born in the Carrollton neighborhood of uptown New Orleans , Louisiana .	Early in his career he also played violin , guitar and trumpet .
A tall tale is a story with unbelievable elements , related as if it were true and factual .	Some stories such as these are exaggerations of actual events , for example fish stories ( `` the fish that got away '' ) such as , `` That fish was so big , why I tell ya ' , it nearly sank the boat when I pulled it in ! ''
Webb was born in Baltimore , Maryland , to William H. and Marie Webb .	From childhood , he suffered from tuberculosis of the spine , leaving him with short stature and a badly deformed spine ; which caused him to appear hunchbacked .
Vitaly Ginzburg was born to a Jewish family in Moscow in 1916 , the son of an engineer Lazar Yefimovich Ginzburg and a doctor Augusta Wildauer , and graduated from the Physics Faculty of Moscow State University in 1938 .	He defended his candidate 's ( Ph.D. ) dissertation in 1940 , and his doctor 's dissertation in 1942 .
Johnson chose not to seek reelection in 2014 .	Johnson was born in Canton , South Dakota , the son of Ruth Jorinda ( née Ljostveit ) and Vandel Charles Johnson .
Scutage is a medieval English tax levied on holders of a knight 's fee under the feudal land tenure of knight-service .	Under feudalism the king , through his vassals , provided land to knights for their support .
See Tymshare for an example of a timeshare services company that spun off Tymnet as a data communications specialist with a complex product portfolio .	The large-scale allocation of network services by private companies was in conflict with state-controlled telecommunications sector .
The stem is purplish and hairy above ground and yellow below ground where it connects to the yellow rhizome .	Goldenseal mostly reproduces clonally through the rhizome .
He graduated from Moscow State University in 1948 .	From 1948 to 1965 , he worked at the Institute for Physical Problems of the USSR Academy of Sciences , where he received his Ph.D. in 1951 for the theory of thermal diffusion in plasmas , and then his Doctor of Physical and Mathematical Sciences ( a `` higher doctorate '' ) degree in 1955 for a thesis on quantum electrodynamics at high energies .
Following the war , his family lived in a German Displaced Persons camp , ultimately ending up in Montreal in 1948 .	He graduated from McGill University in Montreal with a B.A .
Recognized as one of the most versatile athletes in the league during his prime , Day could play every position , with the exception of catcher , and often was the starting second baseman or center fielder when he was not on the mound .	A right-handed pitcher with a trademark no wind-up delivery , Day excelled at striking batters out , especially with his high-speed fastball .
Pacific Palisades Conservation Area is a tract between St. Louis and Jefferson counties .	The area is divided into a wildlife area in Jefferson County and an access area , in St. Louis County .
The word `` mark '' comes from a merging of three Teutonic/Germanic words , Latinised in 9th-century post-classical Latin as ' , ' , ' or ' .	It was a measure of weight mainly for gold and silver , commonly used throughout Western Europe and often equivalent to eight ounces .
Sweethearts is an operetta or musical play in two acts with music by Victor Herbert , lyrics by Robert B. Smith and book by Harry B. Smith and Fred de Gresac .	The first performance of the work was at the Academy of Music in Baltimore in March 1913 , after which the show was overhauled and shortened before spending five weeks in Philadelphia and another five in Boston tryouts .
However , even here , many birds move to the coast or lowlands in winter .	This is a widespread and often abundant small pipit , 14.5–15 cm long and 15–22 g weight .
Lame duck politicians result from term limits , planned retirement , or electoral losses .	Even at the local level , politicians that do not seek reelection to office lose their credibility and influence to fellow councilmen .
Genevieve , and Texas .	Between its source and its mouth , it falls .
The Presidential Range is notorious for having some of the worst weather on Earth , mainly because of the unpredictability of high wind speeds and whiteout conditions on the higher summits .	Because of the poor weather conditions , the Presidential Range is often used for mountaineering training for those who go on to climb some of the world 's highest mountains , including K2 and Everest .
She reprised her role as Yuna in World of Final Fantasy , released in 2016 .	Burress was born in Edwardsville , Illinois , to teacher parents .
The genus name is from Ancient Greek `` alektoris '' a farmyard chicken , and `` rufa '' is Latin for red or rufous .	It is a rotund bird , with a light brown back , grey breast and buff belly .
According to legend Petit Jean was actually a young 18th century French woman .	When she discovered that her fiancé planned to explore the Louisiana Territory , she cut her hair , disguised herself as a boy and managed to find a position as a cabin boy .
Malynes stated that his ancestors were from Lancashire .	His father , a mint-master , may have emigrated about 1552 to Antwerp , where Gerard was born , and returned to England at the time of the restoration of the currency ( 1561 ) , when Elizabeth obtained the assistance of skilled workmen from Flanders .
The residents are called `` Montfrinois '' .	Montfrin is located between Nîmes and Avignon , from Pont du Gard .
Sagan discusses the search for a quantitative means of measuring intelligence .	He argues that the brain to body mass ratio is an extremely good correlative indicator for intelligence , with humans having the highest ratio and dolphins the second highest , though he views the trend as breaking down at smaller scales , with some small animals ( ants in particular ) placing disproportionately high on the list .
Campaign finance refers to all funds raised to promote candidates , political parties , or policy initiatives and referenda .	Political parties , charitable organizations , and political action committees ( in the United States ) are vehicles used in aggregating funds to keep campaigns alive .
Stuart retained the portrait and used it to paint 130 copies which he sold for $ 100 each .	The image of George Washington featured in the painting has appeared on the United States one-dollar bill for more than a century and on various U.S. postage stamps of the 19th century and early 20th century .
It is currently held at the Shanghai International Circuit , Jiading , Shanghai , designed by Hermann Tilke .	When completed in 2004 , it was the most expensive Formula One circuit facility , costing US $ 240 million .
As a teenager worked on cargo ships out of the Canary Islands to Trinidad and Puerto Rico , and from the Spanish ports of Valencia and Sevilla to South America .	He migrated permanently to Cuba when he was 22 .
He received his doctoral degree at the University of Vienna in 1910 .	He spent the winter semester 1910/11 at the University of Göttingen , then he was an assistant at the German Technical University in Brno , and from 1912 to 1919 at the Technical University of Vienna .
A set of flags used by the Katipunan along with the Philippine national flag was flown at government institutions and building in occasion of the Philippine Centennial celebration in 1998 .	These set are often erroneously said to portray the `` Evolution of the Philippine Flag '' .
A Century of Boxing Greats : Inside the Ring with the Hundred Best Boxers is a book about boxing , written by Patrick Myler and published in England in 1997 by Robson Books .	Printed in Great Britain by St. Edmundsdurry Press , in Suffolk , and released in 1998 in the United States by Robson/Parkwest Publications in New York City , the book has the Library of Congress catalog card number 97-74450 .
It rises in the Cotswolds at Seven Springs near Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , England and flows south across the Cotswold dip slope , passing through Cirencester and joining the Thames in the parish of Cricklade in Wiltshire .	Its length from source to confluence with the Thames is considerably greater than that of the Thames from Thames Head ; its flow is also more consistent than the winterbourne Thames , but the Churn is regarded as a tributary historically and therefore by most geography guides .
The `` Author 's Note '' states : `` Most of the research for this book , including interviews , was conducted between 1996 and early 2000 , and pertinent statistics were updated in 2001 .	The names of all nonprofessionals have been fictionalized , along with some identifying characteristics . ''
The Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation ( ) , colloquially referred to as the Prime Minister ( ) is the head of the Russian government and the second most powerful figure of the Russian Federation .	The official residence of the prime minister is Gorki-9 in Odintsovsky District , Moscow Oblast , but his working residence is in Moscow ( Russian White House ) .
Zyzzyva is a genus of tropical American weevils often found in association with palms .	It is a snouted beetle .
In physics , black hole thermodynamics is the area of study that seeks to reconcile the laws of thermodynamics with the existence of black-hole event horizons .	As the study of the statistical mechanics of black-body radiation led to the advent of the theory of quantum mechanics , the effort to understand the statistical mechanics of black holes has had a deep impact upon the understanding of quantum gravity , leading to the formulation of the holographic principle .
In 1788 , following the United States victory in the American Revolutionary War , Oliver Phelps and Nathaniel Gorham purchased all of Massachusetts 's preemptive right to land in Western New York , some ( the `` Phelps and Gorham Purchase '' ) .	The United States forced the previous occupants , nations of the Iroquois Confederacy , to cede the lands as they had been allies of Great Britain .
The series ran for two complete seasons in syndication from 1993 to 1994 , and was cancelled after one third-season episode had been produced .	Reruns later aired on USA Network .
After beginning his film career in 1993 as Ahchoo in Mel Brooks 's `` '' , he landed supporting roles in box office hits including `` The Nutty Professor '' , `` Con Air '' , `` You 've Got Mail '' , `` Blue Streak '' and `` Undercover Brother '' .	His first lead role was in the 1998 comedy film `` Half Baked '' , which he co-wrote with Neal Brennan .
Ehrlichman was an important influence on Nixon 's domestic policy , coaching him on issues and enlisting his support for environmental initiatives .	Ehrlichman was a key figure in events leading to the Watergate break-in and the ensuing Watergate scandal , for which he was convicted of conspiracy , obstruction of justice , and perjury and served a year and a half in prison .
Ivana Ranilović-Vrdoljak ( born 1 September 1970 in Koprivnica , Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) , better known by her stage name Vanna , is a Croatian pop singer .	As a child , Vanna won prizes in various national children and youth festivals .
It is not known who wrote them .	The titles of the three plays are
They are usually small , less than , and herbivorous .	About 97,000 species of weevils are known .
The Omega Man ( stylized as The Ωmega Man ) is a 1971 American science fiction film directed by Boris Sagal and starring Charlton Heston as a survivor of a global pandemic .	It was written by John William Corrington and Joyce Corrington , based on the 1954 novel `` I Am Legend '' by the American writer Richard Matheson .
He then moved to Keystone Studios , where he began appearing in bit parts in the Mack Sennett films , including those of Charlie Chaplin .	By 1915 he was playing juvenile leads in the Keystones , and directing some of the films as Charles Parrott .
The marquis , noticing his ability , had him educated , and got him a place as a lawyer 's clerk .	Supportive of the Revolution , he gave up his desk to enter a printer 's office , and by 1791 was overseer of the printing department of the Comte de Provence .
Julen Guerrero López ( born 7 January 1974 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played solely for Athletic Bilbao .	Ambidextrous , the attacking midfielder was mainly known for his skills and shooting ability .
John Haugeland gave the name GOFAI ( `` Good Old-Fashioned Artificial Intelligence '' ) to symbolic AI in his 1985 book `` Artificial Intelligence : The Very Idea '' , which explored the philosophical implications of artificial intelligence research .	In robotics the analogous term is GOFR ( `` Good Old-Fashioned Robotics '' ) .
Haugeland studied at Harvey Mudd College , where he obtained a B.S cum laude in physics .	He received a Ph.D. in philosophy at the University of California , Berkeley , under the direction of Hans Sluga .
Their scales give them a very shiny , bronze appearance with a characteristically dark stripe down the sides of their bodies .	They prey on small insects and other small mollusks .
A recent review moved species that were formerly placed in the genera `` Typhlosaurus '' , `` Acontophiops '' , and `` Microacontias '' into this genus , as together these form a single branch in the tree of life .	This new concept of `` Acontias '' is a sister lineage to `` Typhlosaurus '' , and these two genera are the only genera within the subfamily Acontinae .
The genus `` Amphiglossus '' is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae , which seems to be paraphyletic however .	Probably quite close to `` Paracontias '' and possibly `` Androngo trivittatus '' , it belongs to a major clade which does not seem to include the type genus `` Scincus '' .
Different molecular studies find `` Ateuchosarus '' to instead to be more closely related either to `` Acontias '' or to lygosomine skinks , and it is therefore sometimes considered to represent a distinct family or subfamily .	Species
: Καμάρα ) and the Rotunda ( Ροτόντα ) are neighbouring early 4th-century AD monuments in the city of Thessaloniki , in the region of Central Macedonia in northern Greece .	The 4th-century Roman Emperor Galerius commissioned these two structures as elements of an imperial precinct linked to his Thessaloniki palace .
He was chief conductor of the Slovak Philharmonic in 1981–82 , and from 1982 to 1990 was conductor-in-residence of the Czech Philharmonic .	He is the current chief conductor of the Czech National Symphony Orchestra .
`` Brachymeles '' is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae , which seems to be paraphyletic however .	Apparently part of a clade which does not seem to include the type genus `` Scincus '' , it will probably be eventually assigned to a new , yet-to-be-named subfamily ( Austin & Arnold 2006 ) .
He studied under Antonín Dvořák , whose daughter he married .	From a young age , Josef Suk ( born in Křečovice , Bohemia ) was deeply involved and well-trained in music .
An intense illumination is created when an oxyhydrogen flame is directed at a cylinder of quicklime ( calcium oxide ) , which can be heated to before melting .	The light is produced by a combination of incandescence and candoluminescence .
She was formerly a prominent government official of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( HKSAR ) and was the first woman to be appointed the Secretary for Security to head the disciplinary service .	Ip became a controversial figure for her role advocating the passage of the national security legislation to implement Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23 , and after this legislation was withdrawn , she became the first principal official to resign from the administration of Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa .
In 1933 , with the expansion of Holborn station , less than 100 yards away , British Museum station was permanently closed .	It was subsequently utilised as a military office and command post , but in 1989 the surface building was demolished .
DNA fragments thus generated contain either blunt ends or overhangs known as sticky ends , and vector DNA and foreign DNA with compatible ends can then be joined together by molecular ligation .	After a DNA fragment has been cloned into a cloning vector , it may be further subcloned into another vector designed for more specific use .
The most common modern version is :	The following version is found in a manuscript ( Harley MS 7316 ) dating from approximately 1730 :
Anson Maria Elizabeth Chan Fang On-sang , GBM , GCMG , CBE , JP ( ; born 17 January 1940 ) is a Hong Kong politician and civil servant who served as Chief Secretary in both the British colonial government of Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government under the Chinese sovereignty .	She was also an elected member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong for Hong Kong Island between 2007 and 2008 .
Arsène Houssaye ( 28 March 181526 February 1896 ) was a French novelist , poet and man of letters .	Houssaye was born in Bruyères ( Aisne ) , near Laon ; his original surname was Housset .
Until 2007 he sat in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for Buenos Aires Province .	He served as majority leader of the lower house of the Argentine Congress from 2001 , hence bringing him to the position of acting President .
Houssaye was born in Paris , the son of the novelist Arsène Houssaye .	He distinguished himself in the Franco-Prussian War , and was subsequently an editor of the `` Journal des Débats '' and the `` Revue des Deux Mondes '' .
He remained governor up to 2001 , being re-elected in successive elections .	President Fernando de la Rúa resigned in that year , amid the December 2001 riots , and the Congress appointed Rodríguez Saá as president of Argentina .
Federico Ramón Puerta ( born September 9 , 1951 ) is an Argentine Peronist politician who has served as a governor , senator and national deputy and effectively acted as President of Argentina during 2001 .	Puerta was born in Apóstoles , Misiones Province .
Fernando de la Rúa ( born 15 September 1937 ) is an Argentine retired politician of the Radical Civic Union ( UCR ) who served as President of Argentina from December 10 , 1999 , to December 21 , 2001 .	De la Rúa was born in Córdoba ; he entered politics after graduating with a degree in law .
François Cabarrus or Francisco Cabarrús Lalanne , `` conde '' de Cabarrús ( 1752–1810 ) was a French adventurer and Spanish financier .	He was born in Bayonne , France , where his father , Dominique Cabarrus Fourcade was a merchant and shipbuilder , linked to a saga of Basque sea-captains , whalers and adventurers , who settled in Capbreton ( a town near Bayonne ) , coming from the Navarre region of Spain .
The Colossal Man ) is a 1957 American black-and-white science fiction film from American International Pictures , produced and directed by Bert I. Gordon , that stars Glenn Langan , Cathy Downs , William Hudson , and Larry Thor .	`` The Amazing Colossal Man '' is an uncredited adaptation of Homer Eon Flint 's 1928 short science fiction novel `` The Nth Man '' .
Alfonsín was the first democratically elected president after more than seven years of military dictatorship and is considered the `` father of modern democracy in Argentina '' .	Born in Chascomús , Buenos Aires Province , he began his studies of law at the National University of La Plata and was a graduate of the University of Buenos Aires .
Reynaldo Benito Antonio Bignone ( January 21 , 1928 – March 7 , 2018 ) was an Argentine general who served as 41st President of Argentina from 1 July 1982 , to 10 December 1983 .	In 2010 , he was sentenced to 25 years in prison for his role in the kidnapping , torture , and murder of persons suspected of opposing the government during the Dirty War .
The present tower replaced an old Byzantine fortification , known to have been mentioned around the 12th century , that the Ottoman Empire reconstructed to fortify the city 's harbour sometime after Sultan Murad II captured Thessaloniki in 1430 .	The tower became a notorious prison and scene of mass executions during the period of Ottoman rule .
Salli C. Terri ( September 3 , 1922 – May 5 , 1996 ) was a singer , arranger , recording artist , and composer .	Record audiences still cite Terri 's `` haunting '' vocals , with `` Hi-Fi Review '' originally describing her as `` '' a mezzo soprano whose velvet voice and astonishing flexibility has hardly an equal at present . '' ''
Together with François Truffaut 's `` The 400 Blows '' and Alain Resnais 's `` Hiroshima , Mon Amour '' , both released a year earlier , it brought international acclaim to this new style of French filmmaking .	At the time , the film attracted much attention for its bold visual style , which included unconventional use of jump cuts .
The image below is a schematic flow diagram of a typical oil refinery depicting various unit processes and the flow of intermediate products between the inlet crude oil feedstock and the final products .	The diagram depicts only one of the hundreds of different configurations .
Manuel embraced the revolutionary ideas , and after the storming of the Bastille became a member of the provisional municipality of Paris .	He was one of the leaders of the riots of 20 June 1792 , and the 10 August storming of the Tuileries Palace , played an important part in the formation of the insurrectionary Paris Commune which assured the success of the latter attack ( begun by the taking of the `` Hôtel de Ville '' ) , and was made `` procureur '' of the commune .
A current account surplus indicates that the value of a country 's net foreign assets ( i.e .	assets less liabilities ) grew over the period in question , and a current account deficit indicates that it shrank .
Notably , Sigaut abandoned the sliding exchange rate mechanism and devalued the peso , after boasting that `` they who gamble on the dollar , will lose '' .	Argentines braced for a recession after the excesses of the `` plata dulce '' ( `` sweet money '' ) years , which destabilized Viola 's position .
Because there are infinitely many prime numbers , there are also infinitely many semiprimes .	Semiprimes are also called biprimes .
After the fall of the Robespierre government , Carrier was tried for war crimes , found guilty and executed .	Carrier was born at Yolet , a village near Aurillac in Upper Auvergne .
Only one species— '' Ailuropoda melanoleuca '' —currently exists ; the other four species are prehistoric chronospecies .	Despite its taxonomic classification as a carnivoran , the giant panda has a diet that is primarily herbivorous , which consists almost exclusively of bamboo .
For details of education in each region , see :	In each country there are five stages of education : early years , primary , secondary , further education ( FE ) and higher education ( HE ) ..
HIV tests are used to detect the presence of the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) , in serum , saliva , or urine .	Such tests may detect antibodies , antigens , or RNA .
In such jurisdictions , solicitors are generally regulated by the law society .	In common law jurisdictions with no distinction between barristers and solicitors ( i.e .
The show was later created using CGI animation starting with the spin-off series `` Ready , Steady , Build !	`` .
Archibald Alison ( 13 November 175717 May 1839 ) was a Scottish episcopalian priest and essayist .	He was born in Edinburgh , to Patrick Alison the Lord Provost of Edinburgh , himself a younger son of an Alison of Newhall , near Coupar Angus .
Sports using bicycles or unicycles .	A combat sport is a competitive contact sport where two combatants fight against each other using certain rules of engagement .
Washington Allston ( November 5 , 1779 – July 9 , 1843 ) was an American painter and poet , born in Waccamaw Parish , South Carolina .	Allston pioneered America 's Romantic movement of landscape painting .
After several small television roles , Margulies achieved wide recognition for her role as Carol Hathaway on NBC 's long-running medical drama `` ER '' , for which she won an Emmy Award .	She also voiced Neera in `` Dinosaur '' ( 2000 ) and appeared in the miniseries `` The Mists of Avalon '' ( 2001 ) .
A pleural effusion is excess fluid that accumulates in the pleural cavity , the fluid-filled space that surrounds the lungs .	This excess fluid can impair breathing by limiting the expansion of the lungs .
The major instigators of the rally were Allen Cohen and artist Michael Bowen , the creators of the `` San Francisco Oracle '' , which first hit the streets in September 1966 .	The occasion was the banning of LSD , by the California legislature in Sacramento , an enactment which virtually created a neighborhood of outlaws in the Haight , where 'acid ' was a staple of community culture .
The town is located at 4° 49 ' W and 38° 46 ' N and is 589 meters above sea level .	Almadén is approximately 300 km south of Madrid in the Sierra Morena .
However , due to the lack of mechanistic models available to this line of research , the debate was put on pause .	Later , the focus has been shifted to vision-related research in social psychology .
The core collection includes major works of art donated by Paul Mellon , Ailsa Mellon Bruce , Lessing J. Rosenwald , Samuel Henry Kress , Rush Harrison Kress , Peter Arrell Browne Widener , Joseph E. Widener , and Chester Dale .	The Gallery 's collection of paintings , drawings , prints , photographs , sculpture , medals , and decorative arts traces the development of Western Art from the Middle Ages to the present , including the only painting by Leonardo da Vinci in the Americas and the largest mobile created by Alexander Calder .
Under the Constitution of California , all judicial , school , county and city offices , including those of chartered cities , are nonpartisan .	Eric Garcetti has been the city 's 42nd and current mayor since 2013 .
He was appointed Surveyor General and in 1890 became the first Premier of Western Australia , its only premier as a self-governing colony .	Forrest 's premiership gave the state ten years of stable administration during a period of rapid development and demographic change .
Escape from Monkey Island is a computer adventure game developed and released by LucasArts in 2000 .	It is the fourth game in the `` Monkey Island '' series and the first one to use 3D graphics .
Their game design philosophy was that the player should never die or reach a complete dead-end , although there were exceptions .	Many of the games shared similar game interfaces and technology , powered by SCUMM ( Script Creation Utility for Maniac Mansion ) .
Old Kent Road is a major thoroughfare in South East London , England , passing through the London Borough of Southwark .	It was originally part of an ancient trackway that was paved by the Romans and used by the Anglo-Saxons who named it Wæcelinga Stræt ( Watling Street ) .
By introducing ideas like permanent memorials and the sanctity of the deceased body , the cemetery became `` a real turning point ... a whole redefinition of how people viewed death and dying '' , according to historian Peter Dobkin Hall .	Many notable Yale and New Haven luminaries are buried in the Grove Street Cemetery , including 14 Yale presidents ; nevertheless , it was not restricted to members of the upper class , and was open to all .
An automated analyser is a medical laboratory instrument designed to measure different chemicals and other characteristics in a number of biological samples quickly , with minimal human assistance .	These measured properties of blood and other fluids may be useful in the diagnosis of disease .
Dora the Explorer is an American educational animated TV series created by Chris Gifford , Valerie Walsh Valdes and Eric Weiner .	`` Dora the Explorer '' became a regular series in 2000 .
The Maryland Transit Administration ( MTA ) is a state-operated mass transit administration in Maryland , and is part of the Maryland Department of Transportation .	It is better known as MTA Maryland to avoid confusion with other cities ' transit agencies who share the initials MTA .
According to the Catechism of the Catholic Church :	An act , when it is not ordered towards that which is good , is considered to be sinful – either venially or mortally .
With Victor Beaudry , he started an ice vending company using ice from what is now known as Icehouse Canyon near Mount San Antonio .	During his term as Water Overseer of Los Angeles , Marchesseault and a partner laid wooden water pipes that burst and turned streets into sinkholes .
He emigrated to the colony of Liberia in 1822 , where he served as the United States government 's agent ( de facto governor ) for two different terms : one from August 1822 until April 1824 , and another from August 1824 until March 1828 .	Born in Champlain , New York in 1794 , Ashmun first studied at Middlebury College in Vermont .
He attended the schools of Pittsburgh and the University of Pittsburgh before graduating from the University of California at Berkeley in 1889 .	He received a master 's degree from the University of California in 1891 , and his PhD from Harvard University in 1894 .
The Alliance for Audited Media ( AAM ) is a North American non-profit industry organization founded in 1914 by the Association of National Advertisers to help ensure media transparency and trust among advertisers and media companies .	Originally known as the Audit Bureau of Circulations ( ABC ) , today AAM is a source of verified media information and technology platform certifications , providing standards , audit services and data for the advertising and publishing industries .
Baldwin was son of Simeon Baldwin and Rebecca Sherman in New Haven , Connecticut .	He was the maternal grandson of notable founding father Roger Sherman ( the only person to sign all four great state papers of the U.S. : the Continental Association , the Declaration of Independence , the Articles of Confederation and the Constitution ) .
Broad Peak ( ) is the 12th highest mountain in the world at above sea level .	The literal translation of `` Broad Peak '' to Falchan Kangri is not used among the Balti people .
Joseph Huntington and later at the Master Tisdale 's School in Lebanon , Connecticut , and graduated from Yale College in 1781 .	He delivered the Latin oration in June , 1782 , it is still preserved in the Yale University Library .
He was educated at St Paul 's School , Westminster School , and in Geneva .	He was briefly engaged to Honora Sneyd .
He was born in New Haven , which continued to be his home throughout his long life ; in spite of his participation in activities of national and international importance , he was associated in a peculiar and intimate way with the political , legal , and intellectual life of his native town and state for more than half a century .	On 19 October 1865 he married Susan Mears Winchester , daughter of Edmund Winchester and Harriet Mears .
A machine code monitor ( machine language monitor ) is software that allows a user to enter commands to view and change memory locations on a computer , with options to load and save memory contents from/to secondary storage .	Some full-featured machine code monitors provide detailed control ( `` single-stepping '' ) of the execution of machine language programs ( much like a debugger ) , and include absolute-address code assembly and disassembly capabilities .
Lyman Beecher ( October 12 , 1775 – January 10 , 1863 ) was a Presbyterian minister , American Temperance Society co-founder and leader , and the father of 13 children , many of whom became noted figures , including Harriet Beecher Stowe , Henry Ward Beecher , Charles Beecher , Edward Beecher , Isabella Beecher Hooker , Catharine Beecher and Thomas K. Beecher .	Beecher was born in New Haven , Connecticut , to David Beecher , a blacksmith , and Esther Hawley Lyman .
The colorful `` Mayor Sam '' earned numerous nicknames from both admirers and detractors , such as Travelin ' Sam , Airplane Sam , Shoot-From-the-Lip Sam , the Maverick Mayor , Mad Sam Yorty , Scrappy Sam , Suitcase Sam , Saigon Sam , and the Reform Republican .	Born in Lincoln , Nebraska , to Frank Patrick and Johanna ( Egan ) Yorty , he began his political education as the son of a Democratic father in a Republican state , with a mother who also showed a strong interest in politics .
Born in New Milford , Connecticut , William Whiting Boardman was the son of Senator Elijah Boardman and Mary Ann Whiting Boardman ; and nephew of David Sherman Boardman .	He was an early graduate of Bacon Academy in Colchester , Connecticut .
Buonamico di [ son of ] Martino or Buonamico Buffalmacco ( active c. 1315–1336 ) was an Italian painter who worked in Florence , Bologna and Pisa .	Although none of his known work has survived , he is widely assumed to be the painter of a most influential fresco cycle in the Camposanto in Pisa , featuring `` The Three Dead and the Three Living '' , the `` Triumph of Death '' , the `` Last Judgement '' , the `` Hell '' , and the `` Thebais '' ( several episodes from the lives of the Holy Fathers in the Desert ) .
He was a direct lineal descendant of Elder William Brewster ( c. 1567 – April 10 , 1644 ) , the `` Mayflower '' passenger , Pilgrim colonist leader , and spiritual elder of the Plymouth Colony , through his son Jonathan Brewster .	He was also descended from `` Mayflower '' passenger John Howland .
It is the largest reservoir in the United States in terms of water capacity .	Formed by the Hoover Dam , the reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona , California , and Nevada , as well as some of Mexico providing sustenance to nearly 20 million people and large areas of farmland .
He was particularly innovative in applying Alpine style to Himalayan climbing .	His accomplishments include :
Famous People Players is a black light puppetry theatre company .	It is based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada and tours worldwide .
Born in Settignano , now a part of Florence , he was the youngest of five brothers , sculptors and stonecutters .	He is said to have studied under Donatello and is remarkable for the sharpness and fineness of his bas-relief .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River , straddling the border between Utah and Arizona , United States .	Most of Lake Powell , along with Rainbow Bridge National Monument , is located in Utah .
As a member of the second generation of Renaissance artists , he helped to further define and popularize the revolution in artistic approach that characterized the new age .	Bernardo Rossellino was born into a family of farmers and quarry owners in the mountain village of Settignano , overlooking the Arno river valley and the city of Florence .
Andrea dal Monte Sansovino or Andrea Contucci del Monte San Savino ( 1529 ) was an Italian sculptor active during the High Renaissance .	His pupils include Jacopo Sansovino ( no relation ) .
The history of Dagget 's family in Massachusetts is a distinguished one .	The original Dagget , John , came over from England with Winthrop 's company , in 1630 , and settled in Watertown .
This type of sin should be distinguished from a venial sin that simply leads to a weakening of a person 's relationship with God .	Despite its gravity , a person can repent of having committed a mortal sin .
Most art historians state that the High Renaissance started around 1495 or 1500 and ended in 1520 with the death of Raphael , although some say the High Renaissance ended about 1525 , or in 1527 with the Sack of Rome by the army of Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor , or about 1530 ( see next section for specific art historians ’ positions ) .	The best-known exponents of painting , sculpture and architecture of the High Renaissance include Leonardo da Vinci , Michelangelo , Raphael and Bramante .
He married Lydia Miller on October 4 , 1801 , and they had seven children .	Edwards became a lawyer , was active in Democratic politics , and was the United States Representative from Connecticut at-large from 1819 to 1823 .
Jacopo d'Antonio Sansovino ( 2 July 1486 – 27 November 1570 ) was an Italian sculptor and architect , known best for his works around the Piazza San Marco in Venice .	Andrea Palladio , in the Preface to his `` Quattro Libri '' was of the opinion that Sansovino 's Biblioteca Marciana was the best building erected since Antiquity .
Scheria ( ; or ) —also known as Scherie or Phaeacia—was a region in Greek mythology , first mentioned in Homer 's `` Odyssey '' as the home of the Phaeacians and the last destination of Odysseus in his 10-year journey before returning home to Ithaca .	Before leaving Ogygia , Odysseus builds a raft and sails eastwards , instructed by Calypso to navigate using the stars as a celestial reference point .
According to Herodotus he was from the Attica deme of Afidnes .	As polemarch , Callimachus had a vote in military affairs along with the 10 `` strategoi '' , including Miltiades .
Foot was admitted to the Honourable Society of Gray 's Inn on 19 November 1925 and called to degree of utter Barrister by the Honourable Society of Gray 's Inn on 2 July 1930 .	He became a Master Bencher in 1952 and was appointed Queen 's Counsel in 1954 .
He starred in the Mermaid Society 's well-received 1904 London production of `` The Way of the World '' by William Congreve and went on to produce a modern run twenty years later at The Lyric with Edith Evans as Millamant ( 1924 ) .	He produced Shakespeare 's `` As You Like It '' for the opening night of the Shakespeare Festival at Stratford-upon-Avon in April 1919 , and brought it back to the Lyric in April 1920 .
Goodyear is credited with inventing the chemical process to create and manufacture pliable , waterproof , moldable rubber .	However , the Mesoamericans used a more primitive stabilized rubber for balls and other objects as early as 1600 BC .
This concept originally applied to paper correspondence and now also applies to email .	In some circumstances , the typist creating a paper correspondence must ensure that multiple recipients of such a document do not see the names of other recipients .
Hillhouse was born in Montville , Connecticut , the son of William Hillhouse and Sarah ( Griswold ) Hillhouse .	At the age of seven , he was adopted by his childless uncle and aunt , James Abraham and Mary Lucas Hillhouse .
David Humphreys ( July 10 , 1752 – February 21 , 1818 ) was an American Revolutionary War colonel and aide de camp to George Washington , American minister to Portugal and then to Spain , entrepreneur who brought Merino sheep to America and member of the Connecticut state legislature .	A poet and author , he was one of the `` Hartford Wits . ''
After graduating from Yale College in 1860 he traveled the world , studying anatomy , mineralogy and geology .	He obtained a teaching position at Yale upon his return .
The first studies focusing on imaginary friends are believed to have been conducted during the 1890s .	There is little information about the development and the appearance of imaginary friends in children .
One of the first generation of professional architects in the United States , Town made significant contributions to American architecture in the first half of the 19th century .	His work , in the Federal and revivalist Greek and Gothic revival architectural styles , was influential and widely copied .
XEW-AM is a radio station in Mexico City , Mexico , broadcasting on the AM frequency of 900 kHz ; it is branded as `` W Radio '' .	XEW-AM serves as the originating station for other `` W-Radio '' stations around Mexico that carry some of its programs .
He married Florence S. Van Voorhies .	Working in insurance in Illinois and North Dakota , Fancher first entered politics and was President of the North Dakota Constitutional Convention in 1889 .
George Lionel Throssell CMG ( 23 May 1840 – 30 August 1910 ) was the second Premier of Western Australia .	He served for just three months , from 15 February to 27 May 1901 , during a period of great instability in Western Australian politics .
Cleomenes ( , though some older reference works give the pronunciation with the accent on the next to last syllable , which is closer to the Greek ; Greek Κλεομένης `` Kleomenes '' ; died c. 489 BC ) was an Agiad King of Sparta in the late 6th and early 5th centuries BC .	During his reign , which started around 519 BC , he pursued an adventurous and at times unscrupulous foreign policy aimed at crushing Argos and extending Sparta 's influence both inside and outside the Peloponnese .
Behram Kurşunoğlu ( 14 March 1922 – 25 October 2003 ) was a Turkish physicist and the founder and the director of the Center for Theoretical Studies , University of Miami .	He was best known for his works on unified field theory , energy and global issues .
A portable hyperbaric bag , of which one brand is the Gamow bag ( pronounced Gam-Off ) is an inflatable pressure bag large enough to accommodate a person inside .	A person can be placed inside the bag which is sealed and inflated with a foot pump .
It has an international border with Romania and Moldova .	The oblast is also the smallest in Ukraine .
Jones was born in Lafayette , Indiana .	Her maternal grandparents were Lebanese , and Jones ' middle name means `` Little Friend '' in Arabic .
Airmail ( or air mail ) is a mail transport service branded and sold on the basis of at least one leg of its journey being by air .	Airmail items typically arrive more quickly than surface mail , and usually cost more to send .
In the absence of hills some operators have constructed inflatable , wooden , or metal ramps .	Due to the buoyant nature of the orbs , Zorbing can also be carried out on water , provided the orb is inflated properly and sealed once the rider is inside .
The seven-level , museum is located in Washington , D.C. and features fifteen theaters and fifteen galleries .	Its Berlin Wall Gallery includes the largest display of sections of the wall outside Germany .
Ralph Appelbaum Associates ( RAA ) is one of the world 's largest museum exhibition design firms .	It has offices in New York City , London , Beijing , Berlin , Moscow , and Dubai .
Lorenzo Barcelata ( July 24 , 1898 – July 13 , 1943 ) was a Mexican composer and actor born in Tlalixcoyan , Veracruz .	He died in Mexico City from cholera , shortly before his 45th birthday .
The languages are spoken by the indigenous Chinantec people who live in Oaxaca and Veracruz , Mexico , especially in the districts of Cuicatlán , Ixtlán de Juárez , Tuxtepec and Choapan , and in Staten Island , New York .	Egland and Bartholomew ( 1978 ) established fourteen Chinantec languages on the basis of 80 % mutual intelligibility .
Edwin Arthur Schlossberg ( born July 19 , 1945 ) is an American designer , author , and artist .	He specializes in designing interactive , participatory experiences , beginning in 1977 with the first hands-on learning environment in the U.S. for the Brooklyn Children 's Museum .
As President he established diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom , the United States , the Federal Republic of Central America , and Gran Colombia .	He also abolished slavery , founded the National Museum , promoted education , and ratified the border with the United States of America .
Studying law , he was called to the bar in 1880 , and in 1883 was appointed Crown Solicitor and Public Prosecutor ( the equivalent of solicitor-general ) .	Leake first entered parliament in 1886 , when he served briefly in the Legislative Council .
Kingdom of Heaven is a 2005 epic historical drama film directed and produced by Ridley Scott and written by William Monahan .	It stars Orlando Bloom , Eva Green , Ghassan Massoud , Jeremy Irons , David Thewlis , Brendan Gleeson , Iain Glen , Marton Csokas , Liam Neeson , Edward Norton , Michael Sheen , Velibor Topic and Alexander Siddig .
In physics , the Kondo effect describes the scattering of conduction electrons in a metal due to magnetic impurities , resulting in a characteristic change in electrical resistivity with temperature .	The effect was first described by Jun Kondo , who applied third-order perturbation theory to the problem to account for s-d electron scattering .
For example , either isodisomy or heterodisomy can disrupt parent-specific genomic imprinting , resulting in imprinting disorders .	Additionally , isodisomy leads to large blocks of homozygosity , which may lead to the uncovering of recessive genes , a similar phenomenon seen in children of consanguineous partners .
Modern historians identify Sheba with the South Arabian kingdom of Saba in present-day Yemen .	The queen ’ s existence is disputed and has not been confirmed by historians .
His assumption of power in 1981 influenced the course of Greek political history , ending an almost 50-year-long system of power dominated by conservative forces .	The achievements of his successive governments include the official recognition of communist resistance groups of the Greek Resistance against the Axis occupation , the establishment of the National Health System and the Supreme Council for Personnel Selection ( ASEP ) , the passage of Law 1264/1982 which secured the right to strike and greatly improved the rights of workers , the constitutional amendment of 1985–1986 which strengthened parliamentarism and reduced the powers of the indirectly-elected president , the conduct of an assertive and independent Greek foreign policy , the expansion in the power of local governments , many progressive reforms in Greek law and the granting of permission to the refugees of the Greek Civil War , of Greek ethnicity , to return home in Greece .
In 1920 , Frank S. Myers , a First-Class Postmaster in Portland , Oregon , was removed from office by President Woodrow Wilson .	An 1876 federal law provided that `` Postmasters of the first , second , and third classes shall be appointed and may be removed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate . ''
The genus name is a diminutive of Latin `` glarea '' , `` gravel '' , referring to a typical nesting habitat for pratincoles .	The species name commemorates the Finnish-born zoologist and explorer Alexander von Nordmann .
Alexis Argüello , for example , who won the world Featherweight and Jr. Lightweight titles in the '70s , had to overcome Alfredo Escalera twice before the decade was over .	At least six divisions had world champions who could be considered dominant : The Bantamweights had Carlos Zárate ; the Super Bantamweights , ( a division created in 1976 ) had Wilfredo Gómez winning the title in 1977 and keeping it until he left it vacant in 1983 ; the Lightweights had Roberto Durán , who won the title in 1972 and vacated it in 1979 to seek championships at other weights ; the Jr. Welterweights had Antonio Cervantes , who reigned twice ; the Middleweights had Carlos Monzón , sometimes referred to as `` King Carlos '' because of his seven-year reign as champion ; the Light-Heavyweights had Bob Foster .
The Walt Disney Studios releases films from Disney-owned and non-Disney owned animation studios .	Most films listed below are from Walt Disney Animation Studios which began as the feature animation department of Walt Disney Productions , producing its first feature-length animated film `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' in 1937 and as of 2018 has produced a total of 57 feature films .
The term is from French `` étiquette '' `` label , sticker '' ( cognate to `` stick '' ) , from which also comes the English word etiquette `` rules of behavior '' .	Because the etiquettes are just instructions to postal clerks , and have no monetary value , their printing and distribution need not be as carefully controlled as for postage stamps , and most are privately produced .
An airmail stamp is a postage stamp intended to pay either an airmail fee that is charged in addition to the surface rate , or the full airmail rate , for an item of mail to be transported by air .	Airmail stamps should not be confused with airmail etiquettes , which are affixed to mail as an instruction to the postal authority that the mail should be transmitted by air .
The species name `` maldivarum '' refers to the type locality , the ocean near the Maldive Islands ; the type specimen , caught alive at sea , survived for a month on flies .	These birds have short legs , long pointed wings and long forked tails .
The program was originally created in Spain by BRB Internacional ( who were also responsible for the `` Dogtanian and the Three Muskehounds '' franchise and other cartoons such as `` Bobobobs '' and `` Around the World with Willy Fog '' ) titled `` David el Gnomo '' , and retains a sense of the lush illustrations of the original books .	Twenty-six episodes were produced .
Blocks of stamps from the edges of the original sheet or pane often include sections of the sheet 's margin , which may have a wide variety of information .	For instance , arrow blocks preserve the guide lines used by line up the sheets for perforation or other production steps ( these are usually angled in an arrow shape , thus the name ) , and center line blocks includes lines printed down the middle of a sheet .
He came to Western Australia in 1896 , during the gold rush , and developed the Mount Morgans Gold Mine .	Morgans was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia in 1897 , representing the seat of Coolgardie .
is a Canadian horror fantasy-themed anthology television series that was on YTV .	It aired from 1992 to 1996 , and for a second run from 1999 to 2000 .
Cambodia : A Book For People Who Find Television too Slow is a book of short stories by Brian Fawcett .	It was first published in 1986 ( with subsequent US publication : ) .
Margaret , often called Margaret of Constantinople ( 2 June 1202 – 10 February 1280 ) , ruled as Countess of Flanders during 1244–1278 and Countess of Hainaut during 1244–1253 and 1257–1280 .	She was the younger daughter of Baldwin IX , Count of Flanders and Hainaut , and Marie of Champagne .
The broadcasting service was also previously referred to as the `` Voice of Canada '' .	In June 2012 , shortwave services were terminated and RCI became accessible exclusively via the Internet .
Julian Morton Carroll ( born April 16 , 1931 ) is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Kentucky .	A Democrat , he is a member of the Kentucky Senate , representing Anderson , Franklin , Woodford , Gallatin and Owen counties .
Later , they moved to Puerto Rico where she participated in different musicals including `` Godspell '' , `` Jubilee '' and `` Show Boat '' in addition to singing with the chorus of `` Jubilee '' , which was invited by Pope Paul VI to sing at St. Peter 's Basilica as part of the celebration of the 1975 Holy Year .	She is now is the arbitrator on a show called `` Caso Cerrado '' which airs on Telemundo at different times throughout the entire day .
Papandreou was leader of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) party from February 2004 until March 2012 , and President of the Socialist International since January 2006 .	On 6 October 2009 , George Papandreou became the 182nd Prime Minister of Greece .
For a time , the Medellín Cartel supplied at least 80 % of the United States ' cocaine market .	In the late 1970s , illegal cocaine trade became a significant problem and became a major source of profit .
The scheme was introduced by Ravishankar and Goodman in 1983 .	When specific data is shared by several caches and a processor modifies the value of the shared data , the change must be propagated to all the other caches which have the same copy of the data .
Duke of Burgundy ( ) was a title borne by the rulers of the Duchy of Burgundy , a small portion of traditional lands of Burgundians west of river Saône which in 843 was allotted to Charles the Bald 's kingdom of West Franks .	Under the Ancien Régime , the Duke of Burgundy was the premier lay peer of the kingdom of France .
Because the groups involved have diametrically opposed concerns , their objectives are so dissimilar and contradictory that no mutually acceptable resolution can be found .	Nonantagonistic contradictions may be resolved through mere debate , but antagonistic contradictions can only be resolved through struggle .
`` Brookside '' became very successful and was often Channel 4 's highest rated programme for a number of years in the mid-1980s and with audiences regularly in excess of nine million viewers .	It is notable for realistic and socially challenging storylines .
Rockefeller Republicanism has been described as the last phase of the `` Eastern Establishment '' of the GOP , which had been led by New York governor Thomas E. Dewey .	The group 's powerful role in the GOP came under heavy attack in 1964 and it lost most of its influence .
If used , they are often grown in troughs or low to the ground to avoid obscuring the eponymous rocks .	The plants found in rock gardens are usually species that flourish in well-drained , poorly irrigated soil .
Its database since 1973 is one of the largest in the world .	The surveys are conducted by TNS Opinion .
After approximately 20 years of neither diplomatic nor economic relations , both countries finally saw an advantage in opening up to each other : China viewed closer relations with the United States as a beneficial counter to its increasingly tense relationship with the Soviet Union , while the U.S. sought closer relations with China as leverage in its peace negotiations with North Vietnam .	`` [ T ] he thirty-first World Table Tennis Championships , held in Nagoya , Japan , provided an opportunity for both China and the United States . ''
'Charlton next Woolwich ' was an ancient parish in the county of Kent , which became part of the metropolitan area of London in 1855 .	It is home to Charlton Athletic F.C .
He served three terms as prime minister of Greece ( 1944–1945 , 1963 , 1964–1965 ) .	He was also deputy prime minister from 1950–1952 , in the governments of Nikolaos Plastiras and Sofoklis Venizelos and served numerous times as a cabinet minister , starting in 1923 , in a political career that spanned more than five decades .
A Gröbner basis allows many important properties of the ideal and the associated algebraic variety to be deduced easily , such as the dimension and the number of zeros when it is finite .	Gröbner basis computation is one of the main practical tools for solving systems of polynomial equations and computing the images of algebraic varieties under projections or rational maps .
The most remarkable feature of this aerial insectivore is its small beak that belies the massiveness of its mouth .	Some claim appearance similarities to owls .
A distinction is made between partial correctness , which requires that if an answer is returned it will be correct , and total correctness , which additionally requires that the algorithm terminates .	Since there is no general solution to the halting problem , a total correctness assertion may lie much deeper .
A hundred is an administrative division that is geographically part of a larger region .	It was formerly used in England , Wales , some parts of the United States , Denmark , Southern Schleswig , Sweden , Finland , Estonia , and Norway .
Tamper-resistant devices or features are common on packages to deter package or product tampering .	Anti-tamper devices have one or more components : tamper resistance , tamper detection , tamper response , and tamper evidence .
Tigray Region ( , `` kilil Tigrāy ; '' Official name : , `` Bəh̩erawi Kəllelawi Mängəśti Təgray '' , `` Tigray National Regional State '' ) is the northernmost of the nine regions ( `` kililat '' ) of Ethiopia .	Tigray is the homeland of the Tigrayan , Irob and Kunama peoples .
It is the first installment in the `` Ginger Snaps '' series , followed by `` '' and `` '' .	In Bailey Downs , a rash of dog killings has been occurring .
Initially credited as Katie Murray , she later began using the name Katherine Isobel and subsequently , Katharine Isabelle .	She is best known for her roles as Ginger Fitzgerald in the werewolf horror films , `` Ginger Snaps '' ( 2000 ) , `` '' ( 2004 ) and `` '' ( 2004 ) and Margot Verger in the NBC psychological thriller–horror television series `` Hannibal '' ( 2014-15 ) .
Starting with the camp at Mauthausen , the number of subcamps expanded over time and by the summer of 1940 Mauthausen and its subcamps had become one of the largest labour camp complexes in the German-controlled part of Europe .	As at other Nazi concentration camps , the inmates at Mauthausen and its subcamps were forced to work as slave labour , under conditions that caused many deaths .
As a child actress she was in three made-for-television films : `` Small Sacrifices '' ( 1989 ) , `` Anything to Survive '' ( 1990 ) , and Stephen King 's `` It '' ( 1990 ) .	In 1998 , Perkins took a supporting role in the Canadian TV crime-drama series `` Da Vinci 's Inquest '' as Carmen in the episode `` The Most Dangerous Time . ''
A neodymium magnet ( also known as NdFeB , NIB or Neo magnet ) , the most widely used type of rare-earth magnet , is a permanent magnet made from an alloy of neodymium , iron and boron to form the NdFeB tetragonal crystalline structure .	Developed independently in 1982 by General Motors and Sumitomo Special Metals , neodymium magnets are the strongest type of permanent magnet commercially available .
Sherman 's March to the Sea ( also known as the Savannah Campaign ) was a military campaign of the American Civil War conducted through Georgia from November 15 until December 21 , 1864 , by Maj. Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman of the Union Army .	The campaign began with Sherman 's troops leaving the captured city of Atlanta on November 15 and ended with the capture of the port of Savannah on December 21 .
The pain is often described as shooting .	Typically , symptoms are only on one side of the body .
The current Constitution of France was adopted on 4 October 1958 .	It is typically called the Constitution of the Fifth Republic , and replaced that of the Fourth Republic dating from 1946 .
The headquarters of the National Service are in downtown Buenos Aires , on Santa Fe Avenue .	A library and information centre are open to the public .
The Konoe was one of the five Fujiwara families from which the Sesshō and Kampaku ( regents ) were chosen .	The Konoe is the original ( main ) branch of the Fujiwara clan .
1 of north-eastern Nepal .	Situated at , it is a popular place for visitors to the Himalayas near Mount Everest to arrive .
This is a list of protected areas in Bulgaria which includes 3 national parks , 11 nature parks and 55 nature reserves .	The national policy for governing and management of the protected areas is implemented by the Ministry of Environment and Water .
In 1928 , black-listing by the Daughters of the American Revolution was characterized as a `` red-baiting relic '' .	It is a term commonly used in the United States , and in United States history , red-baiting is most often associated with McCarthyism , which originated in the two historic Red Scare periods of the 1920s ( First Red Scare ) and 1950s ( Second Red Scare ) .
After his retirement a series of events and contested elections eventually brought about the formation of the Institutional Missionary Baptist Conference of America around 1999 .	Dr. H.J .
The Piano Concerto No .	1 in D minor , Op .
Live performances are supported by Paul Seegers on keyboards and Mike Jenney on drums .	Prior to starting Assemblage 23 , Shear experimented with music under the name Man on a Stage , beginning in the early 1980s .
It revolved around the everyday dealings of teenagers in Edgemont , a fictitious suburb of Vancouver , British Columbia .	`` Edgemont '' debuted January 4 , 2001 on CBC Television , and aired its final episode on July 21 , 2005 .
62 Commando or the Small Scale Raiding Force ( SSRF ) was a British Commando unit of the British Army during the Second World War .	The unit was formed around a small group of commandos under the command of the Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) .
It started with something simple : the idea that Taiwanese American college students from across the nation needed an organized way to get together and celebrate what it meant to be “ Taiwanese. ” Throughout the eighteen years since the Intercollegiate Taiwanese American Students Association ’ s ( ITASA ) creation , the organization has grown from a private startup by a small group of founders to one of the oldest and biggest intercollegiate Asian American organizations in the nation .	ITASA alumni hail from more than fifty colleges and universities in the United States .
Andrew James Somers ( born 31 December 1942 ) , known professionally as Andy Summers , is an English guitarist who was a member of the rock band the Police .	Summers has recorded solo albums , collaborated with other musicians , composed film scores , and exhibited his photography in galleries .
The painting is credited with inspiring the name of the Impressionist movement .	`` Impression , Sunrise '' depicts the port of Le Havre , Monet 's hometown .
Irish literature comprises writings in the Irish , Latin , and English ( including Ulster Scots ) languages on the island of Ireland .	The earliest recorded Irish writing dates from the seventh century and was produced by monks writing in both Latin and Early Irish .
With respect to a given white point , the CIELAB model is device-independent—it defines colors independently of how they are created or displayed .	The CIELAB color space is typically used when graphics for print have to be converted from RGB to CMYK , as the CIELAB gamut includes both the gamuts of the RGB and CMYK color models .
Henry Stuart Foote ( February 28 , 1804May 19 , 1880 ) was a United States Senator from Mississippi and the chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations from 1847 to 1852 .	He was a Unionist Governor of Mississippi from 1852 to 1854 , and an American Party supporter in California .
Around 2000 , Disney invested millions in a new online skill-based game company called Skillgames.com ( formerly PureSkill.com ) .	Manhattan-based Skillgames , with endorsements by Disney-owned properties such as ESPN and ABC , was to develop skill-based games such as `` Hole-In-One Golf , '' `` Soap Opera Trivia '' and others implemented as Java applets on their site .
Until 2005 he was also the president of the Liberal Democratic Party ( Liberalna Demokracija Slovenije – LDS ) , the legal successor of the Slovenian Association of Socialist Youth .	On March 20 , 2007 , he left the party and joined the Social Democrats .
It has been divided since into Appenzell Innerrhoden and Appenzell Ausserrhoden since 1597 as a result of the Swiss Reformation .	The territory of Appenzell as a geographical entity is known as `` Appenzellerland '' while in political contexts , the two cantons ( until 1999 half-cantons ) are referred to as `` beide Appenzell '' ( `` both Appenzells '' ) .
He actively engaged in civic grassroots movements for years and also served on election campaign staff for Fusae Ichikawa , a women 's rights activist .	After having lost in the 1976 and 1979 general elections and 1977 Upper House election , Kan achieved a seat in the lower house in 1980 as a member of the Socialist Democratic Federation .
Gul Agha Sherzai ( ) , also known as Mohammad Shafiq , is a politician in Afghanistan .	He is the former governor of Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan .
A sequel , `` Iron Sunrise '' , was published that same year .	Together the two are referred to as the Eschaton novels , after a near-godlike intelligence that exists in both .
It would strip United States citizenship from any citizen who accepted a title of nobility from an `` emperor , king , prince or foreign power . ''	On two occasions between 1812 and 1816 , it was within two states of the number needed to become part of the Constitution .
Matthew Richard Stone ( born May 26 , 1971 ) is an American actor , animator , writer , director , producer , singer , and songwriter .	He is known for co-creating `` South Park '' ( 1997–present ) along with his creative partner Trey Parker , as well as co-writing the Tony Award-winning musical `` The Book of Mormon '' ( 2011 ) .
Randolph Severn `` Trey '' Parker III ( born October 19 , 1969 ) is an American actor , animator , writer , director , producer , singer , and songwriter .	He is known for co-creating `` South Park '' ( 1997–present ) along with his creative partner Matt Stone , as well as co-writing and co-directing the Tony Award-winning musical `` The Book of Mormon '' ( 2011 ) .
The restaurant reopened as a larger facility in 1977 .	The building is painted a bright yellow , with blue trim .
These varieties have been classified as `` B. vulgaris '' subsp .	`` vulgaris '' Conditiva Group .
Her family had a long history in the area , and her great-grandfather George Pearce had served as MP for from to 1919 .	Her father was active in the National Party 's Patea branch .
This was known as the fragmentation of Poland .	Subsequent developments lead to further splintering of the duchies .
USS `` Hancock '' ( CV/CVA-19 ) was one of 24 s built during World War II for the United States Navy .	The ship was the fourth US Navy ship to bear the name , and was named for John Hancock , president of the Second Continental Congress and first governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
The Eurasian bullfinch , common bullfinch or bullfinch ( `` Pyrrhula pyrrhula '' ) is a small passerine bird in the finch family , Fringillidae .	In Anglophone Europe it is known simply as bullfinch , as it is the original bird to bear the name bullfinch .
Doubts arise among his Italian colleagues about the legitimacy of Boullée among the pantheon of famed architects , perhaps because Boullée was an inspiration for Adolf Hitler 's architect Albert Speer .	Tirelessly dedicated to the project , Kracklite 's marriage deteriorates , along with his health .
The flag of Hungary ( , more commonly ) is a horizontal tricolour of red , white and green .	In this exact form , it has been the official flag of Hungary since May 23 , 1957 .
The hawfinch ( `` Coccothraustes coccothraustes '' ) is a passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae .	Its closest living relatives are the evening grosbeak ( `` Hesperiphona vespertinus '' ) from North America and the hooded grosbeak ( `` Hesperiphona abeillei '' ) from Central America especially Mexico .
They are semiaquatic , with sleek bodies and webbed hind feet , and are more agile in the water than on land .	Their tails are flattened and scaly , adaptations that help them manoeuvre in the water .
Combat air patrols apply to both overland and overwater operations , protecting other aircraft , fixed and mobile sites on land , or ships at sea .	Known by the acronym CAP , it typically entails fighters flying a tactical pattern around or screening a defended target , while looking for incoming attackers .
He was influential in the original sale of land to the New Zealand Company and was a participant in the Wairau Affray in Marlborough .	From 1807 , muskets became the weapon of choice and partly changed the character of tribal warfare .
Brennan is an Irish surname which is an Anglicised form of two different Irish language surnames—Ó Braonáin and Ó Branáin .	Historically , one source of the surname was the prominent clan Ua Braonáin ( O'Brennan ) of Uí Duach ( Idough ) in Osraige who were a junior Dál Birn sept stemming from a younger son of Cerball mac Dúnlainge ( d.888 ) .
Prior to that he had been minister without portfolio between 1990 and 1993 then Minister of Education between 1993 and 1994 in the conservative cabinets of József Antall and Péter Boross .	Mádl ran unsuccessfully for the position of President of Hungary in 1995 , defeated by Árpád Göncz .
Coined in 1874 , the term `` understudy '' has more recently generally been applied only to performers who can back up a role , but still regularly perform in another role .	Performers who are only committed to covering a part and do not regularly appear in the show are often referred to as standbys and alternates .
Born in Newark , New Jersey , Brennan graduated from Harvard Law School in 1931 .	He entered private school in New Jersey and served in the United States Army during World War II .
William Orville Douglas ( October 16 , 1898January 19 , 1980 ) was an American jurist and politician who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States .	Nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt , Douglas was confirmed at the age of 40 , one of the youngest justices appointed to the court .
The major immigrant generation were generally refugees who escaped Laos during the warfare and disruption of the 1970s , and entered refugee camps in Thailand across the Mekong River .	They emigrated to the United States during the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s .
Frederick Reines received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 in both their names .	Born the oldest of four children in Detroit , Michigan , Cowan 's family moved to St. Louis , Missouri , where he began his education attending public schools .
In the case of aerodynamic drag , the fluid medium is the atmosphere .	Parasitic drag is a combination of form drag , skin friction drag and interference drag .
operating systems , computational science applications , game engines and AAA video games , industrial automation , and software as a service applications ) .	System programming requires a great degree of hardware awareness .
His most notable work , the 1958 book titled `` The Americans '' , earned Frank comparisons to a modern-day de Tocqueville for his fresh and nuanced outsider 's view of American society .	Critic Sean O'Hagan , writing in `` The Guardian '' in 2014 , said `` The Americans '' `` changed the nature of photography , what it could say and how it could say it .
Malia or Mallia ( ) is a coastal town and a former municipality in the northeast corner of the Heraklion regional unit in Crete , Greece .	Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Hersonissos , of which it is a municipal unit .
The photographs were notable for their distanced view of both high and low strata of American society .	The book as a whole created a complicated portrait of the period that was viewed as skeptical of contemporary values and evocative of ubiquitous loneliness .
The marque had its origins in 1885 when Siegfried Bettmann of Nuremberg formed S. Bettmann & Co. and started importing bicycles from Europe and selling them under his own trade name in London .	The trade name became `` Triumph '' the following year , and in 1887 Bettmann was joined by a partner , Moritz Schulte , also from Germany .
Examples would be landing at a very high altitude or near sea level under conditions of exceptionally high air pressure .	Old altimeters were typically limited to displaying the altitude when set between formula_4 and formula_5 .
He was Emperor Taizong 's oldest son and first crown prince , but was replaced later by his younger brother Li Zhi ( the eventual Emperor Gaozong ) .	Li Chengqian was created crown prince in 627 at the age of eight , after his father became emperor in 626 .
Li Tai , who carried the title of Prince of Wei , was favored by his father , Emperor Taizong , for his literary talent and studiousness .	His older brother Li Chengqian was crown prince , but Li Tai and his associates had design on that position , eventually pushing Li Chengqian to plot treason in 643 .
Oliver Wellington `` Billy '' Sipple ( November 20 , 1941 – February 2 , 1989 ) was a decorated U.S. Marine and Vietnam War veteran .	On September 22 , 1975 , he grappled with Sara Jane Moore as she fired a pistol at U.S. President Gerald Ford in San Francisco , causing her to miss .
Envisioned as a luxury sports car , the Stag was designed to compete directly with the Mercedes-Benz SL class models .	All Stags were four-seater convertible coupés , but for structural rigidity – and to meet new American rollover standards of the time – the Stag required a B-pillar `` roll bar '' hoop connected to the windscreen frame by a T-bar .
The Dispute Settlement Body ( DSB ) of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) makes decisions on trade disputes between governments that are adjudicated by the Organization .	Its decisions generally match those of the Dispute Panel .
Launched on 19 August 1960 , it paved the way for the first human orbital flight , Vostok 1 , which was launched less than eight months later .	Korabl-Sputnik 2 was the second attempt to launch a Vostok capsule with dogs on board .
Of the 91,850 TR6s produced , 83,480 were exported ; only 8,370 were sold in the UK .	The bodywork was generally similar to the TR4/TR5 , but the front and back ends were squared off , reportedly as a result of a consultancy contract involving Karmann .
Welsh rarebit ( spelling based on folk etymology ) or Welsh rabbit ( original spelling ) is a dish made with a savoury sauce of melted cheese and various other ingredients and served hot , after being poured over slices ( or other pieces ) of toasted bread , or the hot cheese sauce may be served in a chafing dish like a fondue , accompanied by sliced , toasted bread .	The names of the dish originate from 18th-century Britain .
The first human spaceflight was accomplished with Vostok 1 on April 12 , 1961 , by Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin .	The spacecraft was part of the Vostok programme , in which six manned spaceflights were made , from 1961–63 .
The American kestrel ( `` Falco sparverius '' ) is the smallest and most common falcon in North America .	It has a roughly two-to-one range in size over subspecies and sex , varying in size from about the weight of a blue jay to a mourning dove .
She later appeared in Steven Soderbergh 's `` The Limey '' ( 1999 ) , David Lynch 's `` Mulholland Drive '' ( 2001 ) , `` Sugar & Spice '' ( 2001 ) , and `` Down with Love '' ( 2003 ) .	In 2005 , George transitioned into leading roles when she played Kathy Lutz in the remake of `` The Amityville Horror '' .
Ron Rifkin ( born October 31 , 1939 as Saul M. Rifkin ) is an American actor .	He is best known for his roles as Arvin Sloane on the spy drama `` Alias '' , Saul Holden on the American family drama `` Brothers & Sisters '' , and District Attorney Ellis Loew in Curtis Hanson 's Oscar winning film `` L.A .
Żywiec Brewery ( ) is a brewery founded in 1856 , in Żywiec , Poland , then part of Austria-Hungary .	It was nationalised after the Second World War .
The red-tailed hawk is one of three species colloquially known in the United States as the `` chickenhawk , '' though it rarely preys on standard-sized chickens .	The bird is sometimes also referred to as the red-tail for short , when the meaning is clear in context .
Michael Vartan was born in Boulogne-Billancourt , Hauts-de-Seine , France .	He is the son of Edmond `` Eddie '' Vartan ( 1937-2001 ) , a musician , and Doris ( née Pucher ) , a painter and artist .
A regular heptagon , in which all sides and all angles are equal , has internal angles of 5π/7 radians ( 128 degrees ) .	Its Schläfli symbol is { 7 } .
Cooper appeared in `` Forbes '' Celebrity 100 on two occasions and `` Time '' list of 100 most influential people in the world in 2015 .	His films have grossed $ 7.8 billion worldwide and he was named one of the world 's highest-paid actors for three years .
Tom Tykwer ( ; born 23 May 1965 ) is a German film director , producer , screenwriter , and composer .	He is best known internationally for directing the thriller films `` Run Lola Run '' ( 1998 ) , `` Heaven '' ( 2002 ) , `` '' ( 2006 ) , and `` The International '' ( 2009 ) .
Effectively , this meant writing English verse based not so much on metre as on complex patterns of assonance , consonance , and half rhyme .	Describing his technique to Robert Frost , Clarke said `` I load myself down with chains and try to wriggle free . ''
Born to Jamaican immigrants in Minneapolis , Minnesota , Lumbly graduated from South High School there and Macalester College in nearby St. Paul .	Lumbly began his professional career as a journalist in Minnesota .
Kevin Glen Weisman ( born December 29 , 1970 ) is an American film , television and stage actor .	He has played Marshall Flinkman on the ABC television series `` Alias '' ( 2001–2006 ) , Kives on the HBO television series and movie `` Hello Ladies '' ( 2013–14 ) , Ray on the CBS television series `` Scorpion '' , and Dr. Maynard on the NBC television series `` The Blacklist '' .
Pilot-induced oscillations , as defined by MIL-HDBK-1797A , are `` sustained or uncontrollable oscillations resulting from efforts of the pilot to control the aircraft '' and occurs when the pilot of an aircraft inadvertently commands an often increasing series of corrections in opposite directions , each an attempt to cover the aircraft 's reaction to the previous input with an overcorrection in the opposite direction .	An aircraft in such a condition can appear to be `` porpoising '' switching between upward and downward directions .
Dungey was born and raised in Sacramento , California , the younger daughter of Don Dungey , a general services manager and Judith Dungey .	As a child , she was active in ballet and dance as well as piano .
David Anders Holt ( born March 11 , 1981 ) , known professionally as David Anders , is an American television and stage actor .	He is best known for his roles as Julian Sark on `` Alias '' , as Adam Monroe on `` Heroes '' , as John Gilbert in the TV series `` The Vampire Diaries '' , as Victor Frankenstein / Dr. Whale on ABC 's `` Once Upon a Time '' , and as Blaine `` DeBeers '' McDonough on `` iZombie '' .
Wallace was born in Dundee , Scotland .	He is half Swiss .
To improve the country 's defences , volunteer regiments were raised in many counties from yeomen .	While the word `` yeoman '' in normal use meant a small farmer who owned his land , Yeomanry officers were drawn from the nobility or the landed gentry , and many of the men were the officers ' tenants or had other forms of obligation to the officers .
Of these , over 70,000 live in the town of Rugby , with the remainder living in the surrounding rural areas .	The borough stretches from Coventry to the west , to the borders with Northamptonshire and Leicestershire to the east .
Its importance lay in the fact that it was within a few kilometres of the limit of navigability of the Nile from Khartoum upstream .	From this point the journey south to Uganda was continued overland .
Melanie is a feminine given name derived from the Greek μελανία ( melania ) , `` blackness '' and that from μέλας ( melas ) , meaning `` dark '' .	Borne in its Latin form by two saints : Melania the Elder and her granddaughter Melania the Younger , the name was introduced to England by the Normans in its French form `` Melanie '' .
He was subsequently captured , tortured and imprisoned in Fresnes prison , at 84 Avenue Foch and in Sachsenhausen and Mauthausen concentration camps .	It is based on the subject 's own account of his activities , captivity and survival and the subsequent investigations concerning his suspected collaboration with the enemy .
An early version of ARMM contained a bug which caused it to post follow-ups to its own messages , recursively sending posts to the `` news.admin.policy '' newsgroup .	This was an early example of ( unintentional ) Usenet spam .
After more than five years had elapsed since it was originally introduced , the effort was redubbed the Z280 in 1986 .	An actual product , the Z280 would ship in 1987 with almost the same design as the Z800 , but this time implemented in CMOS .
The book is about the 1991 Perfect Storm that hit North America between October 28 and November 4 , 1991 , and features the crew of the fishing boat `` Andrea Gail '' , from Gloucester , Massachusetts , who were lost at sea during severe conditions while longline fishing for swordfish out .	Also in the book is the story about the rescue of the three-person crew of the sailboat `` Satori '' in the Atlantic Ocean during the storm by the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter `` Tamaroa '' ( WMEC-166 ) .
At age 16 , he joined the British Civil Service as a boy clerk .	At the outbreak of the First World War , he was promoted to an intelligence post with the Admiralty .
Fiber texture is an example of the latter .	Crystallites are also referred to as grains .
He also met his future wife there .	After graduating , he travelled to Switzerland and Algeria ; returning to Poland in 1911 and helping to create an artists ' society known as `` Young Art '' ( Młoda Sztuka ) .
The English word `` rhyton '' originates in the ancient Greek word `` '' ( `` rhy̆tón `` or '' rhŭtón '' ) .	The conical rhyton form has been known in the Aegean region since the Bronze Age , or the 2nd millennium BC .
Clearly this was not the case .	But how could the observation be explained ?
The experiment requires a large water-filled bottle inside which is a `` diver '' — a small , rigid tube , open at one end , very similar to an eyedropper with just enough air so that it is nearly neutrally buoyant , but still buoyant enough that it floats at the top while being almost completely submerged .	Two alternative 'divers ' can be constructed .
At the time of his death he was a Senator from Minas Gerais , having won the seat in the 2010 election .	Franco was born prematurely at sea , aboard a ship traveling between Salvador and Rio de Janeiro , being registered in Salvador .
A body of priesthood holders is referred to as a quorum .	Priesthood denotes elements of both power and authority .
The coronation in March had given him some legitimacy ; but overall the position was very uncertain .	His wife , Elizabeth de Burgh , the daughter of the Earl of Ulster , and now queen of Scots , is reported to have said 'It seems to me we are but a summer king and queen whom children crown in their sport ' .
Cecil James McNeely ( April 29 , 1927 – September 16 , 2018 ) better known as Big Jay McNeely was an American rhythm and blues saxophonist .	Inspired by Illinois Jacquet and Lester Young , he teamed with his older brother Robert McNeely , who played baritone saxophone , and made his first recordings with drummer Johnny Otis , who ran the Barrelhouse Club that stood only a few blocks from McNeely 's home .
Technical writers research and create information through a variety of delivery mediums ( electronic , printed , audio-visual and even touch ) .	Example types of information include online help , manuals , white papers , design specifications , project plans , software test plans , etc .
acq .	lat .
It is marked on an Ordnance Survey map of 1876 as New Wimbledon and on a 1907 map as South Wimbledon .	The name is derived from Wimbledon , which is located to the North .
The song was conceived and written as a tribute and remembrance to their former band member Syd Barrett .	Barrett , though a founding member of Pink Floyd , was ousted from the band by the other members in 1968 due to his drug use and ( partly-related ) mental health problems , which had affected his ability to integrate with the rest of the band and perform and create as a musician .
Non-English-based programming languages are computer programming languages that , unlike better-known programming languages , do not use keywords taken from , or inspired by , the English vocabulary .	There has been an overwhelming trend in programming languages to use the English language to inspire the choice of keywords and code libraries .
It is the oldest and most commonly used human cell line .	The line was derived from cervical cancer cells taken on February 8 , 1951 from Henrietta Lacks , a patient who died of cancer on October 4 , 1951 .
Montgolfier also opened a criminal investigation targeting rock star Johnny Hallyday for allegedly raping an employee of a yacht rented by Halliday .	He had also hinted at possible investigations concerning corruption in the city of Nice 's administration .
For military and commercial reasons , the empire simply could not continue to exist if did not understand the needs , and develop the industrial infrastructure to provide , the aviation systems and sub-systems necessary to supply and maintain a global air transport service .	In 1942 during World War II , the United States and the United Kingdom agreed to split responsibility for building multi-engine aircraft types for British use : the US would concentrate on transport aircraft while the UK would concentrate on their heavy bombers .
Acanthosaura is a genus of lizards commonly known as mountain horned dragons , or pricklenape agamas .	They are so named because of a row of dorsal spines which runs down the back of their necks .
Species in the genus `` Amphibolurus '' are partially arboreal and are often found perching on trunks and branches .	Lizards of this genus are swift and shy , and when disturbed , they can engage in bipedal running .
Thracia managed to introduce a dynamic environment containing advanced graphics by successfully combining the Flash and Java technologies .	The game was also one of the first MMORTTBS ( Mass Multiplayer Online Real-Time Turn Based Strategy ) ever launched .
The species is up to 250 mm long , the length from snout to vent is 95 mm , with a long , slender tail that ends abruptly .	The patterning over the legs and body is grey and brownish streaks .
The genus contains 28 species .	Some species are known as forest lizards , others as `` bloodsuckers '' due to their red heads , and yet others ( namely `` C. versicolor '' ) as garden lizards .
Bernard Tapie ( ; born 26 January 1943 ) is a French businessman , politician and occasional actor , singer , and TV host .	He was Minister of City Affairs in the government of Pierre Bérégovoy .
Ceratophora is a genus of agamid lizards found in Sri Lanka .	The male has a horn on its snout .
Margaret Anne Ewing ( `` née '' McAdam ; 1 September 1945 – 21 March 2006 ) was a Scottish teacher , journalist and politician .	She served as a Scottish National Party ( SNP ) Member of Parliament for East Dunbartonshire from 1974 to 1979 and Moray from 1987 to 2001 , and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Moray from 1999 until 2006 .
The Tsunami of December 2004 may have affected island wise distributions in the Nicobar Islands of several species and also their gene-flow .	The species from the Andaman Islands was described by Edward Blyth as `` Tiaris subcristata '' in 1860 but technically published in 1861 .
For example , formalists within mathematics claim that mathematics is no more than the symbols written down by the mathematician , which is based on logic and a few elementary rules alone .	This is as opposed to non-formalists , within that field , who hold that there are some things inherently true , and are not , necessarily , dependent on the symbols within mathematics so much as a greater truth .
The mansion sits on banks above the River Thames , and its grounds slope down to the river .	Cliveden has been home to an earl , three countesses , two dukes , a Prince of Wales and the Viscounts Astor .
Often associated with `` cultures without written expression '' , it may also be defined as `` the mathematics which is practised among identifiable cultural groups '' .	It refers to a broad cluster of ideas ranging from distinct numerical and mathematical systems to multicultural mathematics education .
During the school-conducted hearing on her complaint , Morrison admitted having sexual contact with her despite the fact that she had twice told him `` no . ''	College proceedings failed to punish Crawford , but initially punished Morrison with a suspension ( punishment later struck down by the administration ) .
The term is most often found in economics , particularly public choice theory , but also used in other disciplines which study rationality and choice , including philosophy ( epistemology ) and game theory .	The term was coined by Anthony Downs in `` An Economic Theory of Democracy '' .
Fétis was born in Mons , Hainaut , eldest son of Antoine-Joseph Fetis and Elisabeth Desprets , daughter of a famous chirurgical doctor .	He had 9 brothers and sisters .
It was the biggest arms deal ever in Sweden , and money marked for development projects was diverted to secure this contract at any cost .	The investigations revealed flouting of rules and bypassing of institutions .
With its soft-textured white and salmon-pink plumage and large , bright red and yellow crest , it is often described as the most beautiful of all cockatoos .	It is named in honour of Major Sir Thomas Mitchell , who wrote , `` Few birds more enliven the monotonous hues of the Australian forest than this beautiful species whose pink-coloured wings and flowing crest might have embellished the air of a more voluptuous region . ''
This class of airliners are typically flown by the regional airlines that are either contracted by or subsidiaries of the larger airlines .	Regional airliners are used for short trips between smaller towns or from a larger city to a smaller city .
The Comedy of Errors is one of William Shakespeare 's early plays .	It is his shortest and one of his most farcical comedies , with a major part of the humour coming from slapstick and mistaken identity , in addition to puns and word play .
Zanussi ( ) is an Italian producer of home appliances that was bought by Electrolux in 1984 .	Zanussi has been exporting products from Italy since 1946 .
Some level of anomia is seen in all of the aphasias .	Individuals with aphasia who display anomia can often describe an object in detail and maybe even use hand gestures to demonstrate how the object is used but can not find the appropriate word to name the object .
The RK 62 ( from Finnish `` '' meaning `` assault rifle 62 '' ) , also 7.62 RK 62 and M62 , is an assault rifle manufactured by Valmet and Sako .	It is the standard issue infantry weapon of the Finnish Defence Forces .
The Supernaturals are a five piece guitar-based indie rock band from Glasgow , Scotland .	Fronted by singer-songwriter James McColl , they signed to Parlophone in 1996 , and had a string of singles which were taken from their three albums and four EPs .
`` Lesion '' is derived from the Latin `` laesio '' `` injury '' .	Lesions may occur in plants as well as animals .
The community is considered to be a very attractive winter sport destination in the Swiss Alps .	Typical activities include skiing , snowboarding , snowshoe trekking , canyon climbing and ice climbing .
During the first two decades of the 20th century , he was involved in several important labor battles , including the Colorado Labor Wars , the Lawrence Textile Strike , and other textile strikes in Massachusetts and New Jersey .	Haywood was an advocate of industrial unionism , a labor philosophy that favors organizing all workers in an industry under one union , regardless of the specific trade or skill level ; this was in contrast to the craft unions that were prevalent at the time , such as the AFL .
Later he began releasing albums with the label Drag City , to which he remains signed today .	Callahan started out as a highly experimental artist , using substandard instruments and recording equipment .
Samhita literally means `` put together , joined , union '' , a `` collection '' , and `` a methodically , rule-based combination of text or verses '' .	`` Samhita '' also refers to the most ancient layer of text in the Vedas , consisting of mantras , hymns , prayers , litanies and benedictions .
Debs converted to the socialist cause , believing in the aftermath of the suppression of the ARU strike by federal troops that trade union action alone was insufficient to bring about the liberation of the working class .	In this same summer , smarting from a failed effort at establishing a socialist community near Tennessee City , Tennessee , publisher Julius Wayland established in Kansas City a new socialist weekly newspaper , `` Appeal to Reason '' , eventually moving the operation for financial reasons to a small town in southeastern Kansas called Girard .
Boys & Girls Clubs of America ( BGCA ) is a national organization of local chapters which provide after-school programs for young people .	The organization , which holds a congressional charter under Title 36 of the United States Code , has its headquarters in Atlanta , with regional offices in Chicago , Dallas , Atlanta , New York City and Los Angeles .
Proper acceleration , being the acceleration ( or rate of change of velocity ) of a body in its own instantaneous rest frame , is not the same as coordinate acceleration , being the acceleration in a fixed coordinate system .	For example , an accelerometer at rest on the surface of the Earth will measure an acceleration due to Earth 's gravity , straight upwards ( by definition ) of g ≈ 9.81 m/s .
During his time in Pussy Galore , Hagerty convinced his bandmates to release a cassette-only remake of the entire Rolling Stones album `` Exile on Main Street '' .	While he gained underground notoriety for his work with Pussy Galore , Hagerty reportedly viewed it as a job and intended to pursue his own artistic vision with his girlfriend , Jennifer Herrema , under the name Royal Trux .
Their origins uncertain , the various Sea Peoples have been proposed to have originated from places that include western Asia Minor , the Aegean , the Mediterranean islands , and Southern Europe .	Although the archaeological inscriptions do not include reference to a migration , the Sea Peoples are conjectured to have sailed around the eastern Mediterranean and invaded Anatolia , Syria , Phoenicia , Canaan , Cyprus , and Egypt toward the end of the Bronze Age .
At present , the formulation of two-generation AVS standards has been completed .	The first generation AVS standard includes “ Information Technology , Advanced Audio Video Coding , Part 2 : Video ” ( AVS1 for short ) and “ Information Technology , Advanced Audio Video Coding Part 16 : Radio Television Video ” ( AVS+ for short ) .
It is the subject of a great deal of analysis by historians , military strategists , political scientists , and increasingly also some economists .	The exact causes and motivations for Rome 's military conflicts and expansions during the republic are subject to wide debate .
The system 's name refers to its main weapons , namely the Thai sword ( `` krabi '' ) and staff ( `` krabong '' ) .	Typically , two swords ( `` daab song mue '' ) are wielded as a pair .
In the late eighteenth century , during one of the many wars between the Kingdom of Burma and the Siamese kingdom of Ayutthaya ( in modern-day Thailand ) , a famed Thai boxer named Nai Khanomtom and several of his comrades were captured and held in Burma .	After seven years of captivity , the Burmese king organized a festival .
Historically , many women used a version of the tantō , called the kaiken , for self-defense , but the onna-bugeisha , or warrior women who were part of the samurai class , learned one of the tantojutsu arts to fight in battle .	Tantō with blunt wooden or plastic blades are used to practice martial arts .
Full contact karate is any format of karate where competitors spar ( also called Kumite ) full-contact and allow a knockout as winning criterion	Full contact karate competition comes in several different formats developed for the art of karate at different times in different places .
Live shows often featured members dressing up ( even hiding their identities with masks earlier in the band 's career ) and an array of cover songs .	The band was founded in Eureka , California during 1985 while the members were still in high school , and was named after a 1950s children 's educational film , later featured in a 1981 Pee-wee Herman HBO special .
General Sir Charles James Napier , ( ; 10 August 178229 August 1853 ) , was an officer and veteran of the British Army 's Peninsular and 1812 campaigns , and later a Major General of the Bombay Army , during which period he led the military conquest of Sindh , before serving as the Governor of Sindh , and Commander-in-Chief in India .	Charles James Napier was the eldest son of Colonel ( the Honourable ) George Napier , and his second wife , Lady Sarah Lennox , with this being the second marriage for both parties .
An urtext edition of a work of classical music is a printed version intended to reproduce the original intention of the composer as exactly as possible , without any added or changed material .	Other kinds of editions distinct from urtext are facsimile and interpretive editions , discussed below .
It was brought to Louisiana by the French immigrants that would merge to create much of Creole culture .	In the US the sausage is most often associated with Louisiana Creole cuisine , where it is a coarse-grained smoked sausage made using pork , garlic , pepper , onions , wine , and seasonings .
Born in Devon and educated in Kent , Tyndall undertook national service prior to embracing the extreme-right .	In the mid-1950s , he joined the League of Empire Loyalists ( LEL ) and came under the influence of its leader , Arthur Chesterton .
The fission products from a conventional nuclear explosive weapon are as much a radiological weapon as weapons solely designed for the purpose of mass radiological warfare .	The standard high-fission thermonuclear weapon is automatically a weapon of radiological warfare , as dirty as a cobalt bomb .
The Governor of New France was the viceroy of the King of France in North America .	A French noble , he was appointed to govern the colonies of New France , which included Canada , Acadia and Louisiana .
Kingsmill was born at Guelph , Canada West ( now Ontario ) in 1855 .	He was the son of John Juchereau Kingsmill , Crown Attorney for Wellington County , and Ellen Diana Grange .
Henryk started piano and harmony lessons with his mother when he was 5 , and at age 7 turned to the violin , receiving instruction from Maurice Frenkel .	After studies with Carl Flesch in Berlin ( 1929–32 ) , he went to Paris to continue his studies with Jacques Thibaud at the Conservatory , graduating with a premier prix in 1937 .
In annual surveys , it generally ranks as the national institution most valued by Spaniards , closely followed by other law enforcement agencies and the military .	It has both a regular national role and undertakes specific foreign peace-keeping missions .
A valve amplifier or tube amplifier is a type of electronic amplifier that uses vacuum tubes to increase the amplitude or power of a signal .	Low to medium power valve amplifiers for frequencies below the microwaves were largely replaced by solid state amplifiers during the 1960s and 1970s .
Its mission was to provide results for United States presidential elections , so that individual organizations and networks would not have to do exit polling and vote tallying in parallel .	The VNS included major United States television networks and newspapers :
He has written for the stage , radio , television and motion pictures .	In 1988 , with his debut play , `` Shine Boy '' , Boyd became the first indigenous African-Nova Scotian to have a play professionally produced at Neptune Theatre , Nova Scotia 's premiere main stage .
It is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .	Soane demolished and rebuilt three houses in succession on the north side of Lincoln 's Inn Fields .
He received a knighthood in 1831 .	His best-known work was the Bank of England ( his work there is largely destroyed ) , a building which had a widespread effect on commercial architecture .
The matrices `` A '' and `` -A '' are identified .	The modular group acts on the upper-half of the complex plane by fractional linear transformations , and the name `` modular group '' comes from the relation to moduli spaces and not from modular arithmetic .
Since it is a wave-2 phenomenon ( there are two ridges and two troughs in a latitude circle ) at each fixed point in space a signal with a period of four years is seen .	The wave moves eastward with the prevailing currents .
The British Transport Police ( BTP ) is a national special police force that polices railways and light-rail systems in England , Scotland and Wales , for which it has entered into an agreement to provide such services .	Seventy five percent of the force 's funding comes from Britain 's privatised train companies .
Mount Greylock is a 3489 foot ( 1069 meter ) mountain located in the northwest corner of Massachusetts , the highest point in the state .	Its summit is in the western part of the town of Adams ( near its border with Williamstown ) in Berkshire County .
Historical geology or paleogeology is a discipline that uses the principles and techniques of geology to reconstruct and understand the geological history of Earth .	It focuses on geologic processes that change the Earth 's surface and subsurface ; and the use of stratigraphy , structural geology and paleontology to tell the sequence of these events .
The `` kharja '' appears often to have been composed independently of the `` muwashshah '' in which it is found .	About a third of extant `` kharjas '' are written in Classical Arabic .
He has continued to live a quiet life as a writer and teacher .	Charles Van Doren is the elder son of Pulitzer Prize-winning poet , critic and teacher Mark Van Doren and novelist and writer Dorothy Van Doren , and a nephew of critic and Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer Carl Van Doren .
1 ranking , and is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time .	Capriati set a number of youngest-ever records at the start of her career .
The document also contains an extensive and specific bill of rights .	Since Puerto Rico is a commonwealth of the United States , the Puerto Rico Constitution is bound to adhere to the postulates of the U.S. Constitution due to the Supremacy Clause , and of relevant Federal legislation due to the Territorial Clause .
Although not yet widely used , tidal energy has potential for future electricity generation .	Tides are more predictable than the wind and the sun .
The scenic painter takes direction from the theatre designer .	In some cases designers paint their own designs .
It ceased operations on December 5 , 2000 .	In February 1946 , Bob Reeve received a call informing him that some ex USAAF C-47s and Douglas DC-3s were for sale ( the C-47 being the military version of the DC-3 ) .
The genus is part of the ancient Araucariaceae family of conifers , a group once widespread during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods , but now largely restricted to the Southern Hemisphere except for a number of extant Malesian `` Agathis '' .	Mature kauri trees have characteristically large trunks , forming a trunk with little or no branching below the crown .
Since Jacobsen 's death in 1887 , the majority owner of the company has been the Carlsberg Foundation .	The company 's flagship brand is Carlsberg ( named after Jacobsen 's son Carl ) .
His wife ( see picture ) Ottilia Marie Jacobsen , née Stegmann ( 3 October 1854 - 20 July 1903 ) , whom he met during a business trip to Edinburgh in Scotland later marrying in Copenhagen on 24 September 1874 ) , was almost as famous as himself within the contemporary arts community in Denmark .	She was the daughter of the Danish grain merchant Conrad Stegmann and wife Louise Marie , née Brummer .
The coalition consisted of Fine Gael , the Labour Party and Clann na Talmhan .	Once more , a dislike of Fianna Fáil overcame all other problems in forming a government .
Domain theory formalizes the intuitive ideas of approximation and convergence in a very general way and has close relations to topology .	An alternative important approach to denotational semantics in computer science is that of metric spaces .
His mother , Alice Violet ( née Cole ) , was an English Cockney actress and chorus girl , and his father , James Walter Cusack , was an Irish mounted policeman in Natal Province , South Africa .	His parents separated when he was young and his mother took him to England , and then to Ireland .
Some of these people were descended from Finnish-speaking farmers , who had previously changed their Finnish names to Swedish ones after climbing society 's ladder .	This was an understandable stratagem , as official positions ( and even many trades ) were only open to those speaking Swedish , and a Finnish name would have been an impediment to success .
In any case , house management works closely with the production management team for the presentation of the theatrical production .	In domestic services , `` house management '' refers to the overseeing of employees that make up the staff of the household , including drivers , nannies , and housekeepers .
The Saxon Motor Car Company was located in Detroit , Michigan , from 1914 to 1922 .	In 1917 28,000 cars were made making it the seventh largest car maker in the United States .
Located in the south-east of County Dublin , close to the border with County Wicklow , it has a population of 14,257 ( 2016 census ) .	The name Shankill is believed to derive either from the Irish `` Sean-Chill '' , meaning `` Old Church '' , or `` Sean-Choill '' , meaning `` Old Wood '' .
Tokugawa Ieyasu , the founder of the Tokugawa shogunate , well aware of the extinction of the Minamoto line in 1219 , had realized that his direct descendants might die out , leaving the Tokugawa family at risk of extinction .	Thus , while his son Tokugawa Hidetada was the second `` shōgun '' , he selected three other sons to establish the `` gosanke , '' hereditary houses which would provide a `` shōgun '' if there were no male heir .
It carries the Amtrak train numbers 29 and 30 , which were previously assigned to the discontinued `` National Limited '' .	During fiscal year 2016 , the `` Capitol Limited '' carried 228,444 passengers , an increase of 1.0 % over FY2015 .
Little Green Footballs ( LGF ) is an American political blog run by web designer Charles Johnson .	In its beginning years , the site had a right-wing orientation and known for its advocacy of the War on Terrorism and the Iraq War , as well its strident criticism of political Islam .
Tokugawa Tsunayoshi was born on February 23 , 1646 , in Edo .	He was the son of Tokugawa Iemitsu by one of his concubines , named Otama , later known as Keishōin 桂昌院 ( 1627–1705 ) .
Finne-Grønn traced the family two further generations back , to Hans Olufsson ( died 1570 ) , a member of the royal clergy in Norway before and after the Reformation , who served as a canon at the royal chapel in Oslo , St Mary 's Church , the seat of government of Norway at the time , and who belonged to the high nobility by virtue of his high ecclesiastical and governmental office .	The name Paus is known in Oslo since the 14th century , notably as the name of the Lawspeaker of Oslo Nikolas Paus ( mentioned 1329–1347 ) and as the name of one of medieval Oslo 's `` city farms '' ( mentioned 1324–1482 ) that was probably named after the lawspeaker or his family ; while a relation between the older and the younger family of the name in Oslo is plausible , it has not been established .
Nariaki was also leader of the `` Jōi '' ( expel the barbarian ) party and made a Bakufu adviser on national defence.His childhood name was Torasaburo ( 虎三郎 ) later changed to Keisaburo ( 敬三郎 ) .	Nariaki was put in charge of Bakufu efforts to defend the country against encroaching foreigners .
The chief towns of the Lepontii were `` Oscela '' , now Domodossola , Italy , and `` Bilitio '' , now Bellinzona , Switzerland .	Their territory included the southern slopes of the St. Gotthard Pass and Simplon Pass , corresponding roughly to present-day Ossola and Ticino .
The methodologies of liberal or progressive Islam rest on the interpretation and re-interpretation of traditional Islamic scripture ( the Quran ) and other texts ( such as the Hadith ) , a process called `` ijtihad '' ( see below ) .	This can vary from the slight to the most liberal , where only the `` meaning '' of the Quran is considered to be a revelation , with its expression in words seen as the work of the prophet Muhammad in his particular time and context .
The city is located at the foot of the Italian Alps , and acts as a minor passenger-rail hub .	Its strategic location accommodates Swiss rail passengers , and Domodossola railway station acts as an international stopping-point between Milan and Brig ( a Swiss city of German language ) through the Simplon Pass ( Italian : `` Sempione '' ) .
In it , Japan was depicted as a nation under the Emperor , analogous to that in Chinese dynasties .	This helped the rise of nationalism in the late shogunate and in the Mito Domain later .
The Elder Scrolls is a series of action role-playing open world fantasy video games primarily developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks .	The series is known for its elaborate and richly detailed open worlds and its focus on free-form gameplay .
Griffey was raised by a single mother of six ; his father Buddy—a high school teammate of another Hall of Fame outfielder , Stan Musial—left the family when he was 2 years old .	In a 2016 interview with ESPN , he said he did not see his father again until he was 16 .
but lack the technical skill to program it themselves .	The most famous RPG maker is the commercial Japanese RPG Maker series that has been released since 1988 for many systems ranging from the PC-8801 , MSX , PC-9801 , and Microsoft Windows , to the Super Famicom , PlayStation , Game Boy Color , PlayStation 2 , and Cellphones .
The term does not appear in Chinese historical records and is not used officially .	When applied to the Three Kingdoms period , the `` Five Tiger Generals '' refer to five generals from the state of Shu Han .
However , the term is often used loosely for the floor above the ground floor , especially where a very high original ground floor has been split horizontally into two floors .	Mezzanines may serve a wide variety of functions .
It was a subsidiary of Grey Gull Records , produced from 1926 through 1931 ( almost a year after the last record on the Grey Gull label was issued ) .	General opinion among the knowledgeable record collectors of this era is that Madison , being sold at Woolworth 's , survived for a while after Grey Gull and their other labels due to fulfilling the Woolworth contract .
Russell produced new recordings and reissues , concentrating on New Orleans jazz musicians such as Bunk Johnson , George Lewis , Baby Dodds , and Wooden Joe Nicholas .	In 1957 Storyville Records produced American Music 's reissues on vinyl LP , as did the Japanese label Dan .
Vernichtungsgedanke , literally meaning `` concept of annihilation '' in German and generally taken to mean `` the concept of fast annihilation of enemy forces '' is a tactical doctrine dating back to Frederick the Great .	It emphasizes rapid , fluid movement to unbalance an enemy , allowing the attacker to impose his will upon the defender and avoid stalemate .
It borders New Taipei with which it forms the Taipei–Keelung metropolitan area , along with Taipei itself .	Nicknamed the `` Rainy Port '' for its frequent rain and maritime role , the city is Taiwan 's second largest seaport ( after Kaohsiung ) .
Alexander Gordon Jump ( April 1 , 1932 – September 22 , 2003 ) was an American actor best known as the clueless radio station manager Arthur `` Big Guy '' Carlson in the TV series `` WKRP in Cincinnati '' and the incompetent `` Chief of Police Tinkler '' in the sitcom `` Soap '' .	Jump 's most memorable guest starring role was on a two-part episode of the 1980s sitcom `` Diff'rent Strokes '' , where he portrayed a pedophile who attempts to molest main characters Arnold and his friend , Dudley .
The pinnacle of his boxing career was winning the WBC heavyweight title , in what was his fourth world championship challenge .	He also held the European heavyweight title earlier in his career .
Since spring 2017 , Foxx has served as the host and executive producer of the Fox game show `` Beat Shazam '' .	Other acting roles include Staff Sergeant Sykes in `` Jarhead '' ( 2005 ) , record executive Curtis Taylor , Jr. in `` Dreamgirls '' ( 2006 ) , Detective Ricardo Tubbs in the 2006 film adaptation of TV series `` Miami Vice '' , the title role in the film `` Django Unchained '' ( 2012 ) , the supervillain Electro in `` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 '' ( 2014 ) , Will Stacks in `` Annie '' ( 2014 ) , and gangster Bats / Leon Jefferson III in `` Baby Driver '' ( 2017 ) .
Under the Ethics in Government Act , this agency was originally part of the Office of Personnel Management from 1978 until it separated in 1989 .	The main duties of OGE include the following :
Biltmore Records were often reissues of recordings no longer in the catalogues of other labels .	When RCA Victor found out that Biltmore were making unauthorized reissues of material originally recorded by Victor , they sued Biltmore , putting Biltmore out of business .
Georges Brassens ( ; 22 October 1921 – 29 October 1981 ) was a French singer-songwriter and poet .	He wrote and sang , with his guitar , more than a hundred of his poems , as well as texts from many others such as Victor Hugo , Paul Verlaine , or Louis Aragon .
The station is owned by Philadelphia Television Network Inc. since November 10 , 1999 .	The station suspended analog operations June 16 , 2010 .
He is winner of the best actor award of the `` Golden Prague '' TV films festival ( 1982 ) .	His best loved character on the scene is the big Little man - a human being incessantly trampled by Life and the high and mighty , who frequently evokes laughter , but more often the sympathy and compassion of the audience - because of the nobleness , dignity , modesty and selflessness always helping him managed and overcome the vicissitude of his destiny .
Son of Dracula is a British musical film directed by Freddie Francis and starring Harry Nilsson and Ringo Starr .	It was produced by Starr and released in 1974 by Apple Films .
In addition , GM Korea provides region and brand-specific vehicle assembly kits for assembly by GM affiliates in the United States , Australia , Brazil , China , Colombia , Germany , India , and Mexico .	In 2008 , GM Korea built more than 1.9 million vehicles , including CKD products .
The gens Fulvia , originally Foulvia , was one of the most illustrious plebeian families at Rome .	By the end of the fourth century BC , they had joined the nobiles through the patronage of the Fabii , who supported the successful candidacy of Lucius Fulvius Curvus for the consulship of 322 BC .
In 1997 , his party lost power and he lost his seat to the Labour Party .	He attempted , unsuccessfully , to be re-elected in Pentlands in 2001 ; the constituency was abolished before the 2005 general election and he was adopted , and subsequently elected , as the Conservative candidate for Kensington and Chelsea .
The gens was originally one of the most distinguished families of Tusculum , and indeed in the whole of Latium .	It is first mentioned in the time of the Tarquins ; and it was to a member of this family , Octavius Mamilius , that Lucius Tarquinius Superbus , the seventh and last King of Rome , betrothed his daughter .
Zebrahead was formed in La Habra , California in December 1995 by guitarist Greg Bergdorf and drummer Ed Udhus , ( both formerly of the band 409 ) , bassist Ben Osmundson ( formerly of 3-Ply ) and singer/rhythm guitarist Justin Mauriello ( formerly of Once There ) .	All four musicians , whose bands at the time shared the same practice space , became acquainted with one another after experimenting with different music styles together .
The current Secretary of State for Transport is Chris Grayling .	The Secretary of State is supported by a small team of junior Ministers .
Wright 's Town later became incorporated in 1875 and renamed Hull , Quebec , and then in 2002 , as a result of a municipal amalgamation , it acquired its present name of the City of Gatineau .	Wright was born in Woburn , Massachusetts into the family of Thomas Wright and Elizabeth Chandler , a large and prosperous Woburn family that had been among the town ’ s founders , 120 years before .
Many of them were distinguished statesmen and generals , and a number of prominent individuals under the Empire claimed the illustrious Manlii among their ancestors .	The Manlii were said to hail from the ancient Latin city of Tusculum .
The position of the finance minister might be named for this portfolio , but it may also have some other name , like `` Treasurer '' or , in the United Kingdom , `` Chancellor of the Exchequer '' .	The duties of a finance minister differ between countries .
The overall purpose of primary and intermediate flight training is the acquisition and honing of basic airmanship skills .	Flight training can be conducted under a structured accredited syllabus with a flight instructor at a flight school or as private lessons with no syllabus with a flight instructor as long as all experience requirements for the desired pilot certificate/license are met .
Calvin was born in St. Paul , Minnesota , the son of Elias Calvin and Rose Herwitz , immigrants from the Russian Empire .	As a small child Calvin 's family moved to Detroit ; he graduated from Central High School in 1928 .
As a tag team wrestler , he is a 13-time world tag team champion , having held six WWF/World Tag Team Championships , three WWE/Raw Tag Team Championships , one ROH World Tag Team Championship , one WCW Tag Team Championship and two TNA World Tag Team Championships .	Wrestling in three separate decades , Hardy has managed to keep himself relevant through a variety of different gimmicks , character changes as well as his use of social media .
Hydrothermal vents exist because the earth is both geologically active and has large amounts of water on its surface and within its crust .	Under the sea , hydrothermal vents may form features called black smokers or white smokers .
A member of the Democratic Party , he served as a United States Senator from Utah from 1959 to 1977 .	Frank Moss was born in Holladay , a suburb of Salt Lake City , Utah , as the youngest of seven children of James Edward and Maude ( née Nixon ) Moss .
Since the affine group in dimension `` n '' is a matrix group in dimension `` n '' + 1 , an affine representation may be thought of as a particular kind of linear representation .	We may ask whether a given affine representation has a fixed point in the given affine space `` A '' .
Stampiglia 's libretto was itself based on one by Nicolò Minato that was set by Francesco Cavalli in 1654 .	The opera is set in Persia ( modern-day Iran ) about 470 BC and is very loosely based upon Xerxes I of Persia .
Carolina mantis oothecae can be purchased in garden supply centers as a means of biological control of pest insects .	However , only those labeled as this species should be released because most oothecae sold in the United States belong to the invasive Chinese Mantis .
He co-founded Alfa-Group , a multinational Russian conglomerate .	According to `` Forbes '' , he was the seventh richest Russian as of 2017 .
Gustav Albert Lortzing ( 23 October 1801 – 21 January 1851 ) was a German composer , actor and singer .	He is considered to be the main representative of the German `` Spieloper '' , a form similar to the French `` opéra comique '' , which grew out of the `` Singspiel '' .
A suspension is a heterogeneous mixture in which the solute particles do not dissolve , but get suspended throughout the bulk of the solvent , left floating around freely in the medium .	The internal phase ( solid ) is dispersed throughout the external phase ( fluid ) through mechanical agitation , with the use of certain excipients or suspending agents .
Paired thorns grow in regularly spaced intervals from the edges .	`` Euphorbia virosa '' is commonly distributed from the Orange River in South Africa to Southern Angola , occupying mainly arid areas in Namibia .
The ministry is often headed by a minister of the interior , minister of internal affairs or a minister of home affairs .	In some countries , matters relating to the maintenance of law and order and the administration of justice are the responsibility of a separate justice ministry .
Explanations of abnormal behavior derive from theories or models popular at the time .	Three major models , namely , supernatural model , biological model and psychological model .
It is in Travelcard Zone 1 .	The station is located at the corner of Bridge Street and Victoria Embankment and is close to the Houses of Parliament , Westminster Abbey , Parliament Square , Whitehall , Westminster Bridge , and the London Eye .
In the case that illegal or otherwise disreputable and unpopular activities become public , high-ranking officials may deny any awareness of such acts to insulate themselves and shift blame onto the agents who carried out the acts , as they are confident that their doubters will be unable to prove otherwise .	The lack of evidence to the contrary ostensibly makes the denial plausible , that is , credible , although sometimes it merely makes it unactionable .
It is located east of downtown within the `` Old '' City of Toronto .	The approximate boundaries of the neighbourhood are from Victoria Park Avenue on the east to Kingston Road on the north , to Coxwell Avenue on the west , south to Lake Ontario .
John H. Reading ( November 26 , 1917 – February 7 , 2003 ) was the 44th Mayor of Oakland , California from 1966 to 1977 .	Reading was born in Glendale , Arizona , then moved to Oakland where he attended Frick Junior High and Fremont High Schools while working as a newspaper boy .
Nangang District ( ) is a southeastern district of Taipei , Taiwan .	It is the seat of the Academia Sinica , Taipei World Trade Center Nangang Exhibition Hall , and Nankang Software Park ( NKSP ) .
Pudong Airport mainly serves international flights , while the city 's other major airport Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport mainly serves domestic and regional flights .	Located about east of the city center , Pudong Airport occupies a site adjacent to the coastline in eastern Pudong .
Born in the Mohawk village of Ossernenon , on the south side of the Mohawk River , she contracted smallpox in an epidemic ; her family died and her face was scarred .	She converted to Roman Catholicism at age nineteen , when she was renamed Kateri , baptized in honor of Saint Catherine of Siena .
The RIBA Stirling Prize is presented to `` the architects of the building that has made the greatest contribution to the evolution of architecture in the past year . ''	The architects must be RIBA members .
The river is tidal upstream to Egloshayle and is popular for sailing , birdwatching and fishing .	The name `` Camel '' comes from the Cornish language for 'the crooked one ' , a reference to its winding course .
Best-practices in modern road safety strategy :	As sustainable solutions for all classes of road safety have not been identified , particularly low-traffic rural and remote roads , a hierarchy of control should be applied , similar to classifications used to improve occupational safety and health .
He especially liked country music , and often his mother would let him stay up late to listen to the Grand Ole Opry on the radio .	His musical influences included Hank Williams , the Carter Family and , later , Sam Cooke .
Hedonism II is an adults only vacation resort in Jamaica , owned and operated by Marshmallow Ltd , headed by Harry Lange .	The resort has areas reserved for naturism and it is known for its sexually liberal culture .
The station offers a hot adult contemporary format with a mix of current music and classic hits .	Hourly news and sports is provided through local announcers/reporters and Broadcast News / Canadian Press .
Ronald Louis Ziegler ( May 12 , 1939 – February 10 , 2003 ) was the eleventh White House Press Secretary and Assistant to the President during United States President Richard Nixon 's administration .	Ziegler was born to Louis Daniel Ziegler , a production manager , and Ruby ( Parsons ) , in Covington , Kentucky .
The station offers a hot adult contemporary format with a mix of current music and classic hits .	Hourly news and sports is provided through local announcers/reporters and Broadcast News / Canadian Press .
Palmair offered charter and scheduled flights on behalf of Bath Travel .	Its main base was Bournemouth Airport .
They married in October 26 , 1954 and subsequently moved to New York , where Jorge worked in the meat packing industry while Luz was a homemaker .	George 's younger brother David was born May 28 , 1955 .
Locke was born in Attercliffe , Sheffield in Yorkshire , moving to nearby Barnsley when he was five .	By the age of 17 , Joseph had already served an apprenticeship under William Stobart at Pelaw , on the south bank of the Tyne , and under his own father , William .
After graduating in 1931 , Ruffo taught in the university 's school of engineering and coached the freshman football team to help pay for attending law school .	In 1936 he graduated at the head of his class from Santa Clara University School of Law .
Highway 33 is divided into two sections by the Bay of Quinte .	The Glenora Ferry service crosses between the two sections just east of Picton , transporting vehicles and pedestrians for free throughout the year .
The Sports Network ( TSN ) is a Canadian English language sports specialty service .	Established by the Labatt Brewing Company in 1984 as part of the first group of Canadian specialty cable channels , since 2001 , TSN has been majority-owned by communications conglomerate BCE Inc. ( presently through its broadcasting subsidiary Bell Media ) with a minority stake held by ESPN Inc. via a 20 % share in the Bell Media subsidiary CTV Specialty Television .
Tench was born on 6 October 1758 at Chester in the county of Cheshire in England , a son of Fisher Tench , a dancing master who ran a boarding school in the town and Margaritta Tarleton of the Liverpool Tarletons .	Walking was an uncle to Banastre Tarleton .
It was probably later owned by Ealhswith , wife of Alfred the Great .	It is related to , but of an earlier date than , the Book of Cerne , and also to the Royal Prayerbook and the Harleian prayerbook .
He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1960 , defeating six-term Democratic incumbent Roy Wier , and served in the 87th , 88th , 89th , 90th , and 91st congresses , January 3 , 1961 – January 3 , 1971 .	In 1963 , MacGregor appeared in a satirical revue by Dudley Riggs ' Brave New Workshop .
Stations are divided into two categories based upon the service they receive .	These are , in order of decreasing importance :
The Duport is one of Stradivari 's 'B Form ' cellos .	This form , which Stradivari first used in 1709 , arose from requests by patrons for a smaller cello that was more versatile .
King 's Highway 115 , commonly referred to as Highway 115 is a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario that connects Peterborough with Toronto via Highway 401 .	The highway begins at a junction with Highway 401 southwest of Newcastle and ends at an at-grade intersection with Highway 7 east of Peterborough .
Equality of outcome , equality of condition , or equality of results is a political concept which is central to some political ideologies and is used regularly in political discourse , often in contrast to the term equality of opportunity .	It describes a state in which people have approximately the same material wealth and income , or in which the general economic conditions of their lives are alike .
Jan Karski was born Jan Kozielewski on 24 June 1914 in Łódź , Poland .	He was born on St John 's Day , and named Jan ( the Polish equivalent of John ) according to the old Polish custom of naming newborns after the saints .
He also served as adviser to several presidents .	Neustadt was born in Philadelphia of a family of Swiss origin .
This practice is emphasized in Shia Islam whereby adherents are permitted to conceal their religion when under threat of persecution or compulsion .	However , it is also permitted in Sunni Islam under certain circumstances .
Fravitta was a member of the Visigoth aristocracy .	He was also a Pagan , and for this reason he was praised by Eunapius , a Greek historian of the 4th–5th centuries .
They are not capable of flight in the same way as birds or bats but are able to glide from one tree to another with the aid of a patagium , a furry , parachute-like membrane that stretches from wrist to ankle .	Their long tail provides stability in flight .
Jacunski was an All-state center on the New Britain High School 1934 basketball team and played football with Vince Lombardi at Fordham University , where Jacunski was one of Fordham ’ s `` Seven Blocks of Granite '' .	In 1938 he was co-captain of the Fordham football team where he started as end .
He played college football at Louisiana State University .	Born and raised in Shreveport , Louisiana , Woodley was the fifth of seven children of attorney John Woodley and Hazel ( Iles ) Woodley .
He was known for his confiscation of Māori land rights , his contributions to the education system ( such as establishing the University of New Zealand ) , and his work to increase New Zealand 's autonomy from Britain .	He has been described as determined and intelligent , but also as bitter and `` too fond '' of personal attacks .
McCormack was the only son of Chicago publisher Ned McCormack .	He graduated from the College of William & Mary in 1951 .
Zofia Kossak was the daughter of Tadeusz Kossak , who was the twin brother of painter Wojciech Kossak , and granddaughter of painter Juliusz Kossak .	She married twice , and kept the name Szczucka from her first marriage ( rather than from her second , to Zygmunt Szatkowski in 1925 ) .
Joseph Kosuth attended the Toledo Museum School of Design from 1955 to 1962 and studied privately under the Belgian painter Line Bloom Draper .	In 1963 Kosuth enrolled at the Cleveland Institute of Art on a scholarship .
He was a tutor and then reader at New College London , from 1935 to 1959 , when he became Professor of Ancient History at King 's College London , retiring in 1970 .	Perhaps his most widely known work is `` From the Gracchi to Nero : A History of Rome from 133 B.C .
The frame provides connection between the dance partners , making leading and following possible .	A frame is a stable structural combination of both bodies maintained through the dancers ' arms and/or legs , and allows the leader to transmit body movement to the follower , and for the follower to suggest ideas to the leader .
The term percentile and the related term percentile rank are often used in the reporting of scores from norm-referenced tests .	For example , if a score is `` at '' the 86th percentile , where 86 is the percentile rank , it is equal to the value below which 86 % of the observations may be found ( carefully contrast with `` in '' the 86th percentile , which means the score is at or below the value below which 86 % of the observations may be found - every score is `` in '' the 100th percentile ) .
Core is the debut studio album by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots , released on September 29 , 1992 through Atlantic Records .	The album , which peaked at # 1 on the `` Billboard '' Heatseekers chart and # 3 on the `` Billboard '' 200 , was certified 8x platinum by the RIAA on December 18 , 2001 , making it the band 's best-selling album .
It is one of the most abundant sharks in the pelagic zone , and can be found around the world in tropical waters .	Highly mobile and migratory , this shark is most often found over the edge of the continental shelf down to .
It was formerly regarded as part of a wider `` olivaceous warbler '' species , but as a result of modern taxonomic developments , this species is now usually considered distinct from the eastern olivaceous warbler , `` Iduna pallida '' .	It is a small passerine bird , found in dry open country , including cultivation , with bushes or some trees .
The eastern olivaceous warbler ( `` Iduna pallida '' ) is a `` warbler '' , formerly placed in the Old World warblers when these were a paraphyletic wastebin taxon .	It is now considered a member of the acrocephaline warblers , Acrocephalidae , in the tree warbler genus `` Iduna '' .
His service included a stint as manager of the Nashua Dodgers , the first integrated professional team in modern baseball .	He was promoted to manage the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1954 after several successful seasons in Brooklyn 's Class AAA minor league teams .
It spawned a number of successful singles — `` Vasoline '' and `` Interstate Love Song '' both topped the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and hit number 2 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart , while `` Big Empty '' also cracked the top ten on both charts .	Lesser known album cuts `` Pretty Penny '' and `` Unglued '' were also released as promotional radio singles .
He was also known once as 'The President of Indonesian Poets ' His style of reading has been compared to the incantation-like quality of the old Indonesian `` dukun '' , chants stemming from Indonesian pre-Islamic shamanistic practice , still used today .	The style of Tardji 's poetry has been described as that of a `` mantra '' .
It was formerly regarded as the western subspecies of a wider `` Bonelli 's warbler '' species , but as a result of modern taxonomic developments , this species is now usually considered to be two species :	The breeding ranges of the two species do not overlap ; while their appearance and songs are very similar , the calls are completely different ( see below ) .
After a brief hiatus in 1995 , the band regrouped to record `` Tiny Music , '' living and recording the album together in a mansion located in Santa Barbara , California .	`` Tiny Music ... '' saw Stone Temple Pilots moving away from the grunge sound present on their first two records and incorporating a wide variety of different influences .
They also show marked difference in mtDNA sequence	The species is migratory , wintering in sub-Saharan Africa .
Chairil Anwar ( 26 July 1922 – 28 April 1949 ) was an Indonesian poet and member of the `` 1945 Generation '' of writers .	He is estimated to have written 96 works , including 70 individual poems .
The Songshan Airport and the Taipei Arena are located here .	Songshan was originally named Malysyakkaw , a lowland Ketagalan word meaning `` Where the river twists '' .
A 2016 United Nations estimate puts the total population at 38,140,000 .	It covers an area of approximately 13,500 km ( 5,200 mi ) , giving it a population density of 2,642 person/km .
He was born at Pakaraka , south of Kerikeri in the Bay of Islands , in 1807 or 1808 .	His father was Tupanapana and his mother Te Kona .
No .	4 ( officially stylized as № 4 ) is the fourth studio album released by American hard rock band Stone Temple Pilots , released on October 26 , 1999 , by Atlantic Records .
Viviparity and the adjective viviparous derive from Latin `` vivus '' ( `` living '' ) and `` parire '' ( `` to bear young '' ) .	Five modes of reproduction have been differentiated in animals based on relations between zygote and parents .
This method of reproduction is similar to viviparity , but the embryos have no placental connection with the mother and receive their nourishment from a yolk sac .	In some species , this is supplemented by uterine secretions or other maternal provisioning .
Luis Ernesto Aparicio Montiel ( born April 29 , 1934 ) , nicknamed `` Little Louie '' is a Venezuelan former professional baseball player .	He played as a shortstop in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , for the Chicago White Sox , Baltimore Orioles , and the Boston Red Sox .
Denktaş was born in Paphos to judge Raif Mehmet Bey and Emine Hanim , Turkish Cypriots .	He graduated from The English School , Nicosia in Cyprus .
Unlike the urban development in the Western countries , Soviet-style planning often called for the complete redesigning of cities .	This thinking was reflected in the urban design of all communist countries extending as far as China and North Korea .
The technique of corbelling , where rows of corbels deeply keyed inside a wall support a projecting wall or parapet , has been used since Neolithic , or New Stone Age , times .	It is common in Medieval architecture and in the Scottish baronial style as well as in the vocabulary of classical architecture , such as the modillions of a Corinthian cornice , Hindu temple architecture and in ancient Chinese architecture .
`` Shangri-La Dee Da '' was originally planned to be a double album dedicated to the memory of Andrew Wood , but the concept was vetoed by Atlantic Records .	While recording the album , the band also worked on a documentary and coffee table book .
`` Porphyrio '' is the Latin for `` swamphen '' , and `` alleni '' , like the English name , commemorates British naval officer Rear-Admiral William Allen ( 1792–1864 ) .	Its breeding habitat is marshes and lakes in sub-Saharan Africa .
The current flag of Saskatchewan was adopted on September 22 , 1969 , the result of a province-wide competition that drew over four thousand entries .	The winning entry was designed by Anthony Drake of Hodgeville , Saskatchewan .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. is an American multinational consumer electronics retailer headquartered in Richfield , Minnesota .	It was originally founded by Richard M. Schulze and James Wheeler in 1966 as an audio specialty store called Sound of Music .
Where extending above a roof , a parapet may simply be the portion of an exterior wall that continues above the line of the roof surface , or may be a continuation of a vertical feature beneath the roof such as a fire wall or party wall .	Parapets were originally used to defend buildings from military attack , but today they are primarily used as guard rails and to prevent the spread of fires .
Novarupta ( meaning `` newly erupted '' in Latin ) is a volcano that was formed in 1912 , located on the Alaska Peninsula in Katmai National Park and Preserve , about southwest of Anchorage .	Formed during the largest volcanic eruption of the 20th century , Novarupta released 30 times the volume of magma of the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens .
The album has sold over 500,000 copies .	`` Thank You '' features most of the band 's singles and notable songs , although `` Dead & Bloated '' , `` Crackerman '' , `` Unglued '' , their version of Led Zeppelin 's `` Dancing Days '' , and `` Hollywood Bitch '' , which were all fan favorites as well as modest rock radio hits , were left off the album .
The company was originally called `` Loew 's '' , after the founder , Marcus Loew .	In 1969 , when the Tisch brothers acquired the company , it became known as `` Loews '' .
The Cineplex Odeon Theatres are now operated by Cineplex Entertainment in Canada and as AMC Theatres in the United States .	The oldest ancestor of Cineplex Odeon was Odeon Theatres of Canada , started as `` Generals Theatre Corporation '' by Paul Nathanson , son of Famous Players Canadian Corporation president Nathan L. Nathanson .
It was named after the Eaton 's department store chain that once anchored it before the chain became defunct in the late 1990s .	The Toronto Eaton Centre attracts the most visitors of any of Toronto 's tourist attractions .
A changing economic and retail environment in the late 20th century , along with mismanagement , culminated in the chain 's bankruptcy in 1999 .	Eaton 's pioneered several retail innovations .
The Bank of Nova Scotia ( ) , operating as Scotiabank ( ) , is a Canadian multinational bank .	It is the third largest bank in Canada by deposits and market capitalization .
In an attempt to do his best to fit in with life on earth , he creates the human alias of George Sunday .	However , due to his unfamiliarity with human life , his antics usually lead to many misunderstandings .
James Bryant Conant ( March 26 , 1893 – February 11 , 1978 ) was an American chemist , a transformative President of Harvard University , and the first U.S .	Ambassador to West Germany .
Jolene Blalock ( born March 5 , 1975 ) is an American actress and model , best known for playing the Vulcan first officer and science officer T'Pol on the UPN science-fiction series `` '' .	She has also guest-starred on television series and films .
Timothy Ross Armstrong ( born November 25 , 1965 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .	He is best known as the singer/guitarist for the punk rock band Rancid and hip hop/punk rock supergroup Transplants .
The user can activate an icon using a mouse , pointer , finger , or recently voice commands .	Their placement on the screen , also in relation to other icons , may provide further information to the user about their usage .
In 2000 , Park received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Boston University .	During her college career , she spent a semester in England , studying at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
It mediates between the column and the load thrusting down upon it , broadening the area of the column 's supporting surface .	The capital , projecting on each side as it rises to support the abacus , joins the usually square abacus and the usually circular shaft of the column .
The present date of Hallowmas ( All Saints ' Day ) and thus also of its vigil ( Hallowe'en ) was established for Rome perhaps by Pope Gregory III ( 731–741 ) and was made of obligation throughout the Frankish Empire by Louis the Pious in 835 .	Elsewhere , other dates were observed even later , with the date in Ireland being 20 April .
It was released on November 12 , 2003 through Jive Records .	Its music incorporates dance , house , reggae , trip hop , and hip hop styles with instrumentation from guitars , drums , synthesizers , strings , and Middle Eastern musical instruments .
Its lineup later expanded to incorporate pop culture programming ( often sourced from the similar U.S. network VH1 ) , reality shows , dramas and sitcoms .	Under Bell ownership and its final branding as M3 , the network began to heavily downplay music programming outside non-peak hours ( similarly to Much at the time ) .
After the 2013 acquisition of Astral by CTVglobemedia 's predecessor Bell Media , MusiquePlus was sold to V Media Group , parent company of Quebec 's V network .	MusiquePlus primarily airs music programming , including pop , R & B , and rock music videos ; however , as with its English counterpart , the network has increasingly branched out into entertainment programming , such as comedy , films , and reality shows .
In telecommunications , point-to-multipoint communication ( P2MP , PTMP or PMP ) is communication which is accomplished via a distinct type of one-to-many connection , providing multiple paths from a single location to multiple locations .	Point-to-multipoint telecommunications is typically used in wireless Internet and IP telephony via gigahertz radio frequencies .
However , there are many exceptions , including processes and concepts such as various forms of apomixis , autogamy , automixis , cloning , or parthenogenesis .	The cells of the germline commonly are called germ cells .
Born in London of an Armenian father and a Welsh mother ( hence her Welsh forename and Armenian surname ) , Elias attended Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland .	She completed a law degree from the University of Auckland in 1970 , and then undertook further study at Stanford University .
It is named after the Limpopo River , which forms the province 's western and northern borders .	The name `` Limpopo '' has its etymological origin in the Northern Sotho language word `` diphororo tša meetse '' , meaning `` strong gushing waterfalls '' .
299 Queen Street West , also known as Bell Media Queen Street , is the headquarters of the television/radio broadcast hub of Bell Canada 's media unit , Bell Media located at the intersection of Queen Street West and John Street in Downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .	The building previously served as the headquarters of CTVglobemedia until Bell Canada acquired CTV again in 2011 as well as CHUM Television , a division of CHUM Limited , until CTV acquired CHUM in 2007 , and was once known as the CHUM-City Building .
Her debut studio album , `` So Real '' ( 1999 ) , went on to receive a platinum certification from the RIAA .	The title single from her second studio album , `` I Wan na Be With You '' ( 2000 ) , became Moore 's first top 30 song in the U.S. , peaking at number 24 on the Hot 100 .
For about a century the clan was divided in two rival branches , the Kantō Ashikaga , who ruled from Kamakura , and the Kyōto Ashikaga , rulers of Japan .	The rivalry ended with the defeat of the first in 1439 .
Latin dance is a general label , and a term in partner dance competition jargon .	It refers to types of ballroom dance and folk dance that ( with few exceptions ) originated in Latin America .
Fritz ran on four Intel Pentium 4 Xeon CPUs at 2.8 GHz .	The match was unique in how Kasparov relayed his moves to the computer .
Thus , he sought to `` turn away from the Western styles of dance , ballet and modern '' , and to create a new aesthetic that embraced the `` squat , earthbound physique ... and the natural movements of the common folk '' .	This desire found form in the early movement of ankoku butō ( 暗黒舞踏 ) .
`` Nihon buyō '' differs from other Japanese traditional dances in that it is a more refined style of dancing intended as entertainment on a public stage or in private functions .	The term `` buyō '' is a modern coinage during the Meiji period as a general term for `` dance '' , and the writer Tsubouchi Shōyō is believed to be the first to use the term `` Nihon buyō '' .
In the case of APL the notion applies to every operand ; and dyads ( `` binary functions '' ) have a `` left rank '' and a `` right rank '' .	The box below instead shows how `` rank of a type '' and `` rank of an array expression '' could be defined ( in a semi-formal style ) for C++ and illustrates a simple way to calculate them at compile time .
He was one of twenty-four astronauts who have flown to the Moon .	Before joining NASA in 1966 , Swigert was a civilian test pilot and fighter pilot in the Air National Guard .
Pumori ( ) ( or Pumo Ri ) is a mountain on the Nepal-Tibet border in the Mahalangur section of the Himalayas .	Pumori lies just eight kilometres west of Mount Everest .
By itself , such a memory block has no place to keep track of how large the array ( or other object ) is overall , how large each element within it is , or how many elements it contains .	A dope vector is a place to store such information .
Wear in machine elements , together with other processes such as fatigue and creep , causes functional surfaces to degrade , eventually leading to material failure or loss of functionality .	Thus , wear has large economic relevance as first outlined in the Jost Report .
AltaVista was a Web search engine established in 1995 .	It became one of the most-used early search engines , but lost ground to Google and was purchased by Yahoo !
Action is a Canadian English language specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment .	Originally established as a spin-off of Showcase , the channel primarily airs action-oriented films and television series .
Luigi Lablache ( 6 December 1794 – 23 January 1858 ) was an Italian opera singer of French and Irish heritage .	He was most noted for his comic performances , possessing a powerful and agile bass voice , a wide range , and adroit acting skills : Leporello in `` Don Giovanni '' was one of his signature roles .
In November 2000 , Alliance Atlantis ( via the Showcase Television subsidiary ) was granted approval by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) to launch a television channel called `` Romance Television '' , described as `` a national English-language Category 2 specialty television service devoted to romance .	Programming will include relationship- themed game shows and magazine style programs featuring romantic vacation resorts .
Established in 1997 as MusiMax as a joint venture between CHUM Limited and Radiomutuel , it is a sister network to MusiquePlus , and originally focused primarily on adult contemporary music ( making it the French-language equivalent to MuchMusic 's sister station , MuchMoreMusic ) .	On September 4 , 1996 , CHUM Limited and Radiomutuel were granted approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) to launch MusiMax , described as `` '' a national French-language specialty service designed for an adult audience that will be devoted to music in all its forms ... '' ''
An intein is a segment of a protein that is able to excise itself and join the remaining portions ( the exteins ) with a peptide bond in a process termed protein splicing .	Inteins have also been called `` protein introns '' .
Such arrays are sometimes said to have unit stride .	Unit stride arrays are sometimes more efficient than non-unit stride arrays , but non-unit stride arrays can be more efficient for 2D or multi-dimensional arrays , depending on the effects of caching and the access patterns used .
It lies two kilometres WSW of Mount Everest .	Nubtse is Tibetan for `` west peak '' , as it is the western segment of the Lhotse-Nubtse massif .
He was a founding member of the Bourbaki group .	His father , Abel Chevalley , was a French diplomat who , jointly with his wife Marguerite Chevalley née Sabatier , wrote `` The Concise Oxford French Dictionary '' .
It is the world 's third-oldest television service of this nature , after CNN in the United States and Sky News in the United Kingdom .	CBC News Network 's French-language counterpart is Ici RDI , also owned by the CBC .
The is a traditional Japanese festival ( also called matsuri ) held annually on October 22 in Kyoto , Japan .	It is one of Kyoto 's renowned three great festivals , with the other two being the `` Aoi Matsuri '' , held annually on May 15 , and the `` Gion Matsuri '' , which is held annually from 17 to July 24 .
The Bojinka plot ( ; ) was a large-scale , three-phase attack planned by terrorists Ramzi Yousef and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed for January 1995 .	They planned to assassinate Pope John Paul II , blow up 11 airliners in flight from Asia to the United States with the goal of killing approximately 4,000 passengers and shutting down air travel around the world , and crash a plane into the headquarters of the CIA in Fairfax County , Virginia .
The station is owned by Bell Media , as part of a twinstick with Toronto-based CTV flagship station CFTO-DT ( channel 9 ) and is also sister to 24-hour regional news channel CP24 .	CKVR maintains studio facilities located at 33 Beacon Road in Barrie , and its transmitter is located near Essa Road/Highway 27 on the city 's southwest side ( which also houses a camera that overlooks the city of Barrie , Lake Simcoe , and its environs ; a live feed from this camera is available on the station 's website ) .
The station is owned by Bell Media .	CFPL 's studios and local transmitter are located on Communications Road on the southwestern side of London , and its Wingham-area rebroadcast transmitter is located on Tower Road in South Bruce .
Descended from Luxembourg Airlines , founded in 1948 , Luxair was starting to be set up in 1961 to meet the growing demand for air links between Luxembourg and other European cities .	In 1962 , Luxembourg Airlines became Luxair and began flights by launching a Luxembourg–Paris route with a Fokker F27 Friendship .
The Peace Arch ( ) is a monument situated near the westernmost point of the Canada–United States border in the contiguous United States , between the communities of Blaine , Washington and Surrey , British Columbia .	The Peace Arch , which stands tall , was built by Sam Hill and dedicated in September 1921 , and commemorates the signing of the Treaty of Ghent in 1814 .
Sarubobo literally translated from the Japanese as `` a baby monkey '' .	`` Saru '' is the Japanese word for monkey , and `` bobo '' is the word for baby in the dialect of Takayama .
Colleges and PPHs are autonomous self-governing corporations within the university , and all teaching staff and students studying for a degree at the university must belong to one of the colleges or PPHs .	These colleges are not only houses of residence , but have substantial responsibility for teaching undergraduate students .
He was educated at Arthur Street Primary School in Bunbury before attending Prince Alfred College in Adelaide , South Australia .	In 1886 , he was apprenticed as a surveyor to Alexander Forrest .
The Summits of the Americas ( SOA ) is a series of international summit meetings bringing together the leaders of countries in the OAS .	All countries have sent representatives to all meetings except for Cuba , who was expelled from the OAS under US pressure after the Cuban Revolution of 1959 .
The supporting cast features Jason Alexander , Tony Robbins ( as himself ) , and Laura Kightlinger .	The film 's score was composed by William Goodrum , Ivy and Cliff Eidelman .
Symptoms include fever and joint pain .	These typically occur two to twelve days after exposure .
Largely a residential area itself , Naniwa-ku is adjacent to and has in recent years blurred into the Namba district , which is south Osaka 's transport hub and centre of commerce , entertainment , shopping , and culture .	Naniwa retains significant Burakumin and Korean communities .
They come from a Jewish community at Elephantine , then called `` ꜣbw '' .	The dry soil of Upper Egypt preserved documents from the Egyptian border fortresses of Elephantine and Syene ( Aswan ) .
The town has a population of ( ) and covers a land area of .	The population density is .
Pontryagin 's treatment relied on the group being second-countable and either compact or discrete .	This was improved to cover the general locally compact abelian groups by Egbert van Kampen in 1935 and André Weil in 1940 .
Most of the colleges forming the University of Cambridge and University of Oxford are paired into sister colleges across the two universities .	The extent of the arrangement differs from case to case , but commonly includes the right to dine at one 's sister college , the right to book accommodation there , the holding of joint events between JCRs and invitations to May balls .
The three states were concerned about Spain becoming a superpower in Europe .	As a result of this , militarisation took place , causing great havoc to civilians .
The species was first described in 1908 by the American scientist Roy Chapman Andrews from a specimen collected at New Brighton Beach , Canterbury Province , New Zealand , in 1904 .	He named it in honor of George S. Bowdoin , a donor and trustee to the American Museum of Natural History .
He is one of only 24 people to have flown to the Moon , having flown as Lunar Module Pilot on Apollo 13 .	He was to have been the sixth person to land and walk on the Moon , but the Apollo 13 mission was aborted before lunar landing .
A co-founder of the Women 's Social and Political Union ( WSPU ) , she directed its militant actions from exile in France from 1912 to 1913 .	In 1914 she supported the war against Germany .
The generic name `` mesoplodon '' comes from the Greek `` meso '' - ( middle ) - `` hopla '' ( arms ) - `` odon '' ( teeth ) , and may be translated as 'armed with a tooth in the centre of the jaw ' .	Mesoplodont beaked whales are small whales , ( pygmy beaked whale ) to ( strap-toothed whale ) in length , even compared with closely related whales such as the bottlenose whales and giant beaked whales .
Under license to United Biscuits , in the Netherlands they are sold and produced locally under the Verkade brand .	They have drawn controversy for having the same name as the people of the Philippines .
The duchy was held in personal union by one of Napoleon 's allies , King Frederick Augustus I of Saxony .	Following Napoleon 's failed invasion of Russia , the duchy was occupied by Prussian and Russian troops until 1815 , when it was formally partitioned between the two countries at the Congress of Vienna .
He named it `` bidens '' , which derives from the two teeth present in the jaw , now known to be a very common feature among the genus .	Sowerby 's beaked whale has a typical body shape for the genus , and is mainly distinguished by the male 's dual teeth positioned far back in the mouth .
The species is known from 31 strandings and one possible sighting .	Carl Leavitt Hubbs , a noted American ichthyologist , published a description of a whale found alive in the surf near his office at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla , California , in 1945 .
It is also somewhat confusing as Mainland Japan is defined to consist of several major islands ( Hokkaidō , Honshū , Kyūshū , Shikoku ) and many minor ones .	The term mainland Japan is also sometimes used to translate Honshū , the largest island .
Off the northeastern Bahamas , the animals are particularly well documented , and a photo identification project started sometime after 2002 .	Blainville named the species `` Delphinus densirostris '' , based on the description of a nine-inch piece of rostrum of unknown origin housed in the Paris Museum .
Gervais ' beaked whale ( `` Mesoplodon europaeus '' ) , sometimes known as the Antillian beaked whale , Gulf Stream beaked whale , or European beaked whale ( from which its scientific name is derived ) is the most frequently stranding type of mesoplodont whale off the coast of North America .	It has also stranded off South America and Africa .
The subject matter is generally rustic , comic , and often satirical ; frequently the mannerisms of art music , such as the madrigal , are a subject of parody .	The rhyme scheme of the verse in the earlier Neapolitan forms of the villanelle is usually abR abR abR ccR .
Typed lambda calculi are foundational programming languages and are the base of typed functional programming languages such as ML and Haskell and , more indirectly , typed imperative programming languages .	Typed lambda calculi play an important role in the design of type systems for programming languages ; here typability usually captures desirable properties of the program , e.g .
The term Objectivist was coined for him .	The multi-volume `` Testimony '' was based on court records and explored the experiences of immigrants , black people and the urban and rural poor in the United States in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
His entire family was killed in a conflict with the Haakonian race .	Neelix was introduced in `` '' , the two-part pilot episode of the series , where he was rescued along with his partner Kes by the `` Voyager '' crew .
Its counterpart in the United States of America was organised by John O'Mahony and became known as the Fenian Brotherhood ( later Clan na Gael ) .	The members of both wings of the movement are often referred to as `` Fenians '' .
Mechanics ' Institutes are educational establishments , originally formed to provide adult education , particularly in technical subjects , to working men .	Similar organisation are sometimes simply called Institutes .
In linguistics , an adjunct is an optional , or `` structurally dispensable '' , part of a sentence , clause , or phrase that , if removed or discarded , will not otherwise affect the remainder of the sentence .	Example : In the sentence `` John helped Bill in Central Park '' , the phrase `` in Central Park '' is an adjunct .
The Pomeranian tribes formed after the 6th century , when as a result of the Slavic migration , groups of Slavs populated the area , parts of which were formerly inhabited for some time by Germanic tribes , such as the Goths and the Rugians etc .	From the late 10th century , the Piast dukes of Poland tried to incorporate the Pomeranians into their realm and they succeeded several times .
It was located nominally on Newhall St .	However its network of tunnels extended from at least the Jewellery Quarter to Southside .
Gloriosa is a genus of 12 species in the plant family Colchicaceae , and includes the formerly recognised genus `` Littonia '' .	They are native in tropical and southern Africa to Asia , and naturalised in Australia and the Pacific as well as being widely cultivated .
Admiral of the Fleet John Jervis , 1st Earl of St Vincent ( 9 January 1735 – 14 March 1823 ) was an admiral in the Royal Navy and Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom .	Jervis served throughout the latter half of the 18th century and into the 19th , and was an active commander during the Seven Years ' War , American War of Independence , French Revolutionary War and the Napoleonic Wars .
It was built together with the Anchor Exchange in Birmingham and the Kingsway exchange in London – all believed to provide hardened communications in the event of nuclear war .	Today the underground site is used for telephone cabling .
Poser is a 3D rendering software package for the posing , animating and rendering of 3D poly-mesh human and animal figures .	Similar to a virtual photography studio , Poser allows the user to load figures , props , lighting and cameras for both still and animated renderings .
The 128×128 px greyscale camera was connected to the laboratory 's local network through a video capture card fitted on an Acorn Archimedes computer .	Researcher Quentin Stafford-Fraser wrote the client software , dubbed XCoffee and employing the X Window System protocol , while his colleague Paul Jardetzky wrote the server program .
He is the founder of Birkbeck , University of London and was head of the Chemical Society .	He is one of the creators of the earliest chemistry laboratory for undergraduates at University College London .
However , at the competitive level , swimming breaststroke at speed requires comparable endurance and strength to other strokes .	Some people refer to breaststroke as the `` frog '' stroke , as the arms and legs move somewhat like a frog swimming in the water .
In the related magnetosphere science , the lower frequency electromagnetic oscillations ( pulsations occurring below ~3 Hz ) are considered to lie in the ULF range , which is thus also defined differently from the ITU radio bands .	ELF radio waves are generated by lightning and natural disturbances in Earth 's magnetic field , so they are a subject of research by atmospheric scientists .
Bosley is best known for portraying Howard Cunningham on the ABC sitcom `` Happy Days '' , and the title character on the NBC/ABC series `` Father Dowling Mysteries '' .	He also was featured in a recurring role on `` Murder , She Wrote '' .
He was cousin of the amateur botanist Isaac Swainson .	His father 's family originated in Lancashire , and both grandfather and father held high posts in Her Majesty 's Customs , the father becoming Collector at Liverpool .
A corniche is a road on the side of a cliff or mountain , with the ground rising on one side and falling away on the other .	The word has been absorbed into English from the French term `` or `` road on a ledge '' , originally derived from the Italian `` , for `` ledge '' .
Typically , rows of bricks—called `` courses '' — are laid on top of one another to build up a structure such as a brick wall .	Brick may be differentiated from a block on the ground of mainly in variation in size .
Her most prominent role was that of Agent 99 on the 1960s sitcom `` Get Smart '' .	She also worked as a model .
The Australian National Kennel Council maintains breed registries for purebred dogs it officially recognises and provides governance for Australian National Kennel Council approved dog conformation shows , dog trials and canine events .	The Australian National Kennel Council also represents Australia ’ s kennel clubs internationally as a member of the Fédération Cynologique Internationale .
That led to a `` work-in '' campaign at the company 's shipyards , involving shop stewards Jimmy Airlie and Jimmy Reid , among others .	The Company was formed in February 1968 from the amalgamation of five Upper Clyde Shipbuilding firms : Fairfield in Govan ( Govan Division ) , Alexander Stephen and Sons in Linthouse ( Linthouse Division ) , Charles Connell and Company in Scotstoun ( Scotstoun Division ) and John Brown and Company at Clydebank ( Clydebank Division ) , as well as an associate subsidiary , Yarrow Shipbuilders Ltd , in which UCS held a controlling stake of 51 % .
This community is also the point at which a small stream , once known as Riviere de la Cache , joins the Bonaparte River .	The name is derived , apparently , from a `` cache '' or buried and hidden supply and trade goods depot used by the fur traders of either the Hudson 's Bay Company or its rival the North West Company .
The word tepui means `` house of the gods '' in the native tongue of the Pemon , the indigenous people who inhabit the Gran Sabana .	Tepuis tend to be found as isolated entities rather than in connected ranges , which makes them the host of a unique array of endemic plant and animal species .
Formed in 1948 , it operates scheduled international services to four continents .	Its main base is Tunis-Carthage International Airport .
It is the most visited and one of the largest ( but not the highest ) tepuis in the Guiana Highlands , with a summit area of and an estimated slope area of .	The uneven , heart-shaped summit plateau of Auyán-tepui is heavily inclined , rising from around in the northwest to a maximum of in the southeast .
It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Kelheim , Straubing-Bogen , Dingolfing-Landau , Rottal-Inn , Mühldorf , Erding and Freising .	The city of Landshut is enclosed by , but does not belong to the district .
A town meeting is a form of direct democratic rule , used primarily in portions of the United States – principally in New England – since the 17th century , in which most or all the members of a community come together to legislate policy and budgets for local government .	This is a town- or city-level meeting where decisions are made , in contrast with town hall meetings held by state and national politicians to answer questions from their constituents , which have no decision-making power .
Hawksley was , with John Frederick Bateman , the leading British water engineer of the nineteenth century and was personally responsible for upwards of 150 water-supply schemes , in the British Isles and overseas .	The son of John Hawksley and Sarah Thompson and born in Arnold , near Nottingham on , Hawksley was largely self-taught from the age of 15 onwards—despite his education at Nottingham High School—having at that point become articled to a local firm of architects under the supervision of Edward Staveley that also undertook a variety of water-related engineering projects .
They have one daughter , Caroline , and three sons , Ben , Mark , and Nicolas .	Their youngest child , Nicolas , was born while the family was living in 24 Sussex Drive .
Rivers that flow into other rivers are sorted by the proximity of their points of confluence to the sea ( the lower in the list , the more upstream ) .	Some rivers ( e.g .
UMNO 's goals are to uphold the aspirations of Malay nationalism and the dignity of race , religion and country .	The party also aspires to protect the Malay culture as the national culture and to uphold , defend and expand Islam across Malaysia .
The phrase `` practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty '' was written by Anne Herbert on a placemat in Sausalito , California in 1982 .	It was based on the phrase `` random acts of violence and senseless acts of cruelty '' .
Lydia Maria Francis Child ( born Lydia Maria Francis ) ( February 11 , 1802October 20 , 1880 ) , was an American abolitionist , women 's rights activist , Native American rights activist , novelist , journalist , and opponent of American expansionism .	Her journals , both fiction and domestic manuals , reached wide audiences from the 1820s through the 1850s .
She became an abolitionist speaker and reformer .	Jacobs wrote an autobiography , `` Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl '' , first serialized in a newspaper and published as a book in 1861 under the pseudonym Linda Brent .
John Ruskin College is a sixth form college situated in Addington Village , London , on the A2022 ( `` Selsdon Park Road '' ) , close to the A212 roundabout .	The college is accessible by tram via Gravel Hill tram stop .
It generally denotes an academic expert who is hired to teach on a full- or part-time basis .	They may also conduct research .
The scientific name honours Captain William Bligh who took the fruit from Jamaica to the Royal Botanic Gardens in Kew , England in 1793 and introduced it to science .	The English common name is derived from the West African Akan `` akye fufo '' .
It is the professional association of American book review editors and critics , known primarily for the National Book Critics Circle Awards , a set of literary awards presented every March .	The organization was founded April 1974 in New York City by `` John Leonard , Nona Balakian , and Ivan Sandrof intending to extend the Algonquin round table to a national conversation '' .
The first NBCC awards were announced and presented January 16 , 1976 .	There are six awards to books published in the U.S. during the preceding calendar year , in six categories : Fiction , Nonfiction , Poetry , Memoir/Autobiography , Biography , and Criticism .
The Society of Antiquaries of London ( SAL ) is a learned society `` charged by its Royal Charter of 1751 with 'the encouragement , advancement and furtherance of the study and knowledge of the antiquities and history of this and other countries ' . ''	It is based at Burlington House , Piccadilly , London ( a building owned by the UK government ) , and is a registered charity .
She married lawyer Jean Chrétien on September 10 , 1957 .	They have two sons , Hubert and Michel Chrétien , and one daughter France Chrétien Desmarais .
Sinhalese ( ) , known natively as Sinhala ( ; `` siṁhala '' ) , is the native language of the Sinhalese people , who make up the largest ethnic group in Sri Lanka , numbering about 16 million .	Sinhalese is also spoken as a second language by other ethnic groups in Sri Lanka , totalling about four million .
Roughly trapezoidal , it measures approximately east to west and north to south and has about of coastline and a surface area of .	It is almost entirely mountainous ; the highest peak is Mount Epomeo , at .
Carmel , Pennsylvania .	In 1920 , he family moved to the South Side of Chicago , where his father was a wholesale grocer .
The most prominent remaining structures are the Ray Point community center and the Ray Point Mercantile ( closed ) .	Nearby is the Ray Point cemetery .
Various members of The Mighty Boosh have appeared in a number of different comedy series including `` Nathan Barley '' , `` Snuff Box '' and `` Noel Fielding 's Luxury Comedy '' , and regular Boosh collaborators included Richard Ayoade and Matt Berry .	The troupe is named after a childhood hairstyle of co-star Michael Fielding .
Ginkgo-toothed beaked whales are more robust than most mesoplodonts , but otherwise look fairly typical .	Halfway through the jaw , there is a sharp curve up where the ginkgo leaf-shaped tooth is .
This species is fairly gregarious and strands relatively frequently for a beaked whale .	In the Māori language , this species is called `` hakurā '' or `` iheihe '' .
Some data supposedly referring to this species , especially juveniles and males , turned out to be based on the misidentified specimens of Perrin 's beaked whale - especially since the adult male of Hector 's beaked whale was only more recently described .	The English taxonomist John Edward Gray first named the species `` Berardius hectori '' in 1871 , based on a specimen ( a 2.82 m [ 9 ’ 3 ” ft ] male ) collected in Titahi Bay , New Zealand in January , 1866 .
The common and scientific name was given in honor of Edgar Leopold Layard , the curator of the South African Museum , who prepared drawings of a skull and sent them to the British taxonomist John Edward Gray , who described the species in 1865 .	The overall body shape of the strap-toothed whale is fairly typical for a mesoplodont , except for the large size .
There are two distinct populations in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans ( this species is absent in the tropics ) which may be separate subspecies .	The species was first described in 1913 by Frederick W. True from an adult female that had stranded on the outer bank of Bird Island Shoal , Beaufort Harbor , North Carolina , in July 1912 .
The species has had a long history riddled with misidentifications , which are now mostly resolved .	A skull and jaw found on a beach in Mackay , Queensland , in 1882 , provided the basis for the initial description of this species by H. A. Longman in 1926 .
The species was formally described in 1991 , based on ten specimens obtained from Peru between 1976 and 1989 , including a 3.72 m ( 12.2 ft ) adult male as the type specimen .	A specimen that stranded at Paracas , Peru in 1955 ( first tentatively identified as Andrews ' beaked whale ) has since been identified as a pygmy beaked whale .
Stejneger 's beaked whale ( `` Mesoplodon stejnegeri '' ) , also known as the Bering Sea beaked whale or the saber-toothed whale , is a relatively unknown member of the genus `` Mesoplodon '' inhabiting the northern North Pacific Ocean .	Leonhard Hess Stejneger collected the type specimen ( a beach-worn skull ) on Bering Island in 1883 , from which Frederick W. True provided the species ' description in 1885 .
Ross Markham Noble ( born 5 June 1976 ) is an English stand-up comedian and actor .	Noble rose to mainstream popularity through making appearances on British television , particularly interviews and on panel shows such as `` Have I Got News for You '' .
Iris recognition is an automated method of biometric identification that uses mathematical pattern-recognition techniques on video images of one or both of the irises of an individual 's eyes , whose complex patterns are unique , stable , and can be seen from some distance .	Retinal scanning is a different , ocular-based biometric technology that uses the unique patterns on a person 's retina blood vessels and is often confused with iris recognition .
An active transformation is a transformation which actually changes the physical position ( alibi , elsewhere ) of a point , or rigid body , which can be defined in the absence of a coordinate system ; whereas a passive transformation is merely a change in the coordinate system in which the object is described ( alias , other name ) ( change of coordinate map , or change of basis ) .	By `` transformation '' , mathematicians usually refer to active transformations , while physicists and engineers could mean either .
It presents itself in an editorial manner similar to `` Details '' , `` Esquire '' , and `` GQ '' .	`` Out '' was owned by Robert Hardman of Boston , its original investor , until 2000 , when he sold it to LPI Media , which was later acquired by PlanetOut Inc .
Mathematical puzzles require mathematics to solve them .	Logic puzzles are a common type of mathematical puzzle .
Alexander was also a governor of the Canadian Unity Council .	Alexander was born in a row house on Draper Street near Front Street and Spadina Avenue in Toronto , Ontario .
; ISO 4217 : PAB ) is , along with the United States dollar , one of the official currencies of Panama .	It is named in honor of the Spanish explorer/conquistador Vasco Núñez de Balboa .
Bartleman grew up in the Muskoka town of Port Carling , and he is a member of the Chippewas of Mnjikaning First Nation .	In 1963 , he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree ( BA ) in History from the University of Western Ontario , where he was initiated as a member of Phi Delta Theta .
In 1986 , he joined Shelly Lares ' band .	By the late 1980s , Pérez was reputed among Tejano musicians for his guitar skills .
His mother was the daughter of another former Member of Parliament , Newton Wesley Rowell .	His sister , Nancy Ruth , is a philanthropist who was appointed to the Senate in 2005 .
John Black Aird , ( May 5 , 1923 – May 6 , 1995 ) was the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Ontario , Canada , from 1980 to 1985 .	Born in Toronto , Ontario , the grandson of Canadian financier Sir John Aird , John Black Aird was educated at Upper Canada College , Trinity College and Osgoode Hall Law School .
Black Friday is not an official holiday , but California and some other states observe `` The Day After Thanksgiving '' as a holiday for state government employees , sometimes in lieu of another federal holiday , such as Columbus Day .	Many non-retail employees and schools have both Thanksgiving and the following Friday off , which , along with the following regular weekend , makes it a four-day weekend , thereby increasing the number of potential shoppers .
It is the closest living relative of the extinct great auk ( `` Pinguinis impennis '' ) .	Wild populations live in the subarctic waters of the Atlantic .
In advanced cases , skeletal fluorosis causes painful damage to bones and joints .	Symptoms are mainly promoted in the bone structure .
Founded in 1890 , it had existed in Oklahoma Territory near Indian Territory for 17 years before the two became the state of Oklahoma .	In Fall 2016 the university had 31,250 students enrolled , most at its main campus in Norman .
The traditional Westphalian brewery was purchased by the German brewery-major Warsteiner in 1990 .	The Paderborner brewery was founded in 1852 .
Official enrollment for the fall 2010 semester system-wide was 35,073 , with 23,459 students enrolled at OSU-Stillwater .	Enrollment shows the Freshman class of 2012 was the largest on record with 4,298 students .
South Chungcheong Province ( , `` Chungcheongnam-do '' , literally `` Chungcheong Southern Province '' ) , abbreviated as Chungnam , is a province in the west of South Korea .	The province was formed in 1896 from the south-western half of the former Chungcheong Province and remained a province of Korea until the country 's division in 1945 , thereafter becoming part of South Korea .
Lopez also fought heavyweight contender Gerry Cooney .	Eddie had a minor , but speaking role in `` Rocky II '' , playing a boxer training in the then retired Italian Stallion 's gym .
In Australia , Strzelecki was called a `` Count '' , though there is no proof that he actually approved or used such a title himself .	Strzelecki served shortly in the Prussian Army in the 6th Regiment of Thuringischen Uhlans , at the time known as Polish Regiment because so many Poles served on the staff .
The enzyme ’ s primary function is to eliminate toxic radical molecules produced by the cell which are harmful to biological systems .	It works to maintain low concentration levels of hydrogen peroxide , which is generated by the organism naturally through incomplete oxygen reduction .
Passy studied law and practised for a short time before accepting a position as an accountant in the State Council ( `` Conseil de Droit '' ) from 1846 to 1849 .	However , under his uncle 's influence he gave up this post after three years and returned to study economics .
Carmel Road in north Lonoke County about 2 miles east of Cabot .	Camp Nelson was a central staging point in central Arkansas for Confederate troops gathering from Texas and Arkansas .
It is also known as the thin-billed murre in North America .	It has a circumpolar distribution , occurring in low-Arctic and boreal waters in the North Atlantic and North Pacific .
The term has a variety of meanings in several fields .	In political science , centralisation refers to the concentration of a government 's power—both geographically and politically—into a centralized government .
The province is part of the Hoseo region , and is bounded on the west by Chungcheongnam-do province , on the north by Gyeonggi-do and Gangwon-do provinces , on the south by Jeollabuk-do province , and on the east by Gyeongsangbuk-do .	Chungcheongbuk-do is the only land-locked province in South Korea .
From 1873 until his death he was professor in the faculty of law at the University of Paris , where in 1881 he became professor of international law .	In 1890 he was appointed jurisconsult of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , a post created for him in which he scrutinized French foreign policy in the light of international law .
Article seven of the constitution commits the state to abide by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( UDHR ) and other international treaties and conventions to which the country is a party .	Articles 18 and 19 of the UDHR , taken together , effectively declare that it is a universal human right to engage in religious proselytism .
Gyeonggi-do ( , ) is the most populous province in South Korea .	Its name , `` Gyeonggi '' means `` the area surrounding the capital '' .
The Aromanians ( ) are a Romance ethnic group native to the Balkans , traditionally living in northern and central Greece , central and southern Albania , the Republic of Macedonia , Kosovo and south-western Bulgaria .	Especially in Greece , Aromanian identity is perceived as a cultural heritage and not as an ethnic identity .
3 on the UK Albums Chart and remained in the UK top 100 for 117 weeks , achieving platinum status by December 1982 .	The initial United States release was unsuccessful , but the album was reissued there in 1983 following the success of the band 's second album , `` Rio '' .
Born in Ostend in 1829 , he entered the Faculty of Law at the Catholic University of Leuven at age 17 .	He finished five years later with greatest distinction .
Ulsan ( ) , officially the Ulsan Metropolitan City , is South Korea 's seventh-largest metropolitan city and the eight-largest overall with a population of over 1.1 million inhabitants .	It is located in the south-east of the country , neighboring Busan to the south and facing Gyeongju to the north .
He was son of Carel Daniel Asser ( 1813–85 ) , and grandson of Carel Asser ( 1780-1836 ) .	He studied law at the University of Amsterdam and Leiden University and was law professor at the University of Amsterdam .
Acesulfame potassium ( ) , also known as acesulfame K ( K is the symbol for potassium ) or Ace K , is a calorie-free sugar substitute ( artificial sweetener ) often marketed under the trade names Sunett and Sweet One .	In the European Union , it is known under the E number ( additive code ) E950 .
Alfred Hermann Fried ( ; 11 November 1864 – 5 May 1921 ) was an Austrian Jewish pacifist , publicist , journalist , co-founder of the German peace movement , and winner ( with Tobias Asser ) of the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1911 .	Born in Vienna , Austria-Hungary , Fried left school at the age of 15 and started to work in a bookshop .
The first of the family to obtain the consulship was Gaius Julius Iulus in 489 BC .	The gens is perhaps best known , however , for Gaius Julius Caesar , the dictator , and grand uncle of the emperor Augustus , through whom the name was passed to the so-called Julio-Claudian dynasty of the 1st century AD .
He has been described as the father of neuropsychology and neural networks .	A `` Review of General Psychology '' survey , published in 2002 , ranked Hebb as the 19th most cited psychologist of the 20th century .
He was admitted to the bar in 1877 and established a reputation as an authority on international law .	He and his sister Léonie La Fontaine were early advocates for women 's rights and suffrage , founding in 1890 the Belgian League for the Rights of Women .
It covers the Linear Pottery culture ( Linearbandkeramik , LBK ) , stroked pottery and Rössen cultures .	The beginning of the Linear Pottery culture dates to around 5500 BC .
It is a designated metropolitan city under the direct control of the central government 's Home Minister .	The city was also the capital of South Jeolla Province until the provincial office moved to the southern village of Namak in Muan County in 2005 .
James Gunn ( March 6 , 1843 – November 5 , 1911 ) was a one-term U. S. Congressman from the state of Idaho .	Born in County Fermanagh , Ireland , Gunn emigrated to the United States with his parents while he was very young .
A Country Music Hall of Fame inductee , Gibson wrote such country standards as `` Sweet Dreams '' and `` I Ca n't Stop Loving You '' , and enjoyed a string of country hits ( `` Oh Lonesome Me '' ) from 1957 into the mid-1970s .	Don Gibson was born in Shelby , North Carolina , into a poor working-class family , and he dropped out of school in the second grade .
Daegu is located in south-eastern Korea about from the seacoast , near the Geumho River and its mainstream , Nakdong River in Gyeongsang-do .	The Daegu basin , where the city lies , is the central plain of the Yeongnam region .
In classical and quantum mechanics , the geometric phase is a phase difference acquired over the course of a cycle , when a system is subjected to cyclic adiabatic processes , which results from the geometrical properties of the parameter space of the Hamiltonian .	The phenomenon was independently discovered by S. Pancharatnam ( 1956 ) and by H. C. Longuet-Higgins ( 1958 ) and later generalized by Sir M. Berry ( 1984 ) .
The Edict of Fontainebleau ( 22 October 1685 ) was an edict issued by Louis XIV of France , also known as the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes .	The Edict of Nantes ( 1598 ) had granted the Huguenots the right to practice their religion without persecution from the state .
Mervyn 's was an American middle-scale department store chain based in Hayward , California , and founded by Mervin G. Morris .	It carried national brands of clothing , footwear , bedding , furniture , jewelry , beauty products , electronics , and housewares .
The tower was constructed in 1963 for Vickers and was originally known as the Vickers Tower .	It was designed by Ronald Ward and Partners and built by John Mowlem & Co .
The Matter of Rome also included what is referred to as the Matter of Troy , consisting of romances and other texts based on the Trojan War and its after-effects , including the adventures of Aeneas .	Classical topics were the subjects of a good deal of Old French literature , which in the case of Trojan subject matter ultimately deriving from Homer was built on scant sources ; since the `` Iliad '' and the `` Odyssey '' were unknown , medieval Western poets had to make do with two short prose narratives based on Homer , ascribed to Dictys Cretensis and Dares Phrygius .
William Lewis Cabell ( January 1 , 1827 – February 21 , 1911 ) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War and later served as Mayor of Dallas , Texas .	William L. Cabell was born in Danville , Virginia .
They include public buildings ( municipal buildings , schools , hospitals ) , transport infrastructure ( roads , railroads , bridges , pipelines , canals , ports , airports ) , public spaces ( public squares , parks , beaches ) , public services ( water supply and treatment , sewage treatment , electrical grid , dams ) , and other , usually long-term , physical assets and facilities .	Though often interchangeable with public infrastructure and public capital , public works does not necessarily carry an economic component , thereby being a broader term .
He is perhaps best known for his role as Professor Charles W. Kingsfield in the film `` The Paper Chase '' ( 1973 ) , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor .	He reprised his role as Kingsfield in the 1978 television series adaptation .
The official definition includes all sorts of targets , including enemy air targets , but in popular usage the term is usually narrowed to a tactical ( small-scale ) attack on a ground or naval objective .	Weapons used in an airstrike can range from aircraft cannon and machine gun bullets , air-launched missiles and cruise missiles , to various types of bombs , glide bombs and even directed-energy weapons such as lasers .
He also wrote a miracle play called the `` '' ( `` The Game of Saint Nicolas '' ) , which was probably first performed in Arras on 5 December 1200 .	Set in the middle of an epic battle between Christians and Muslims , the play tells the story of a good Christian who escapes the battle and is found praying to a statue of Saint Nicolas by the Muslim forces .
After some narrow escapes from the Allies in the immediate aftermath of World War II , Brunner fled West Germany in 1954 , first for Egypt , then Syria , where he remained until his death .	He was the object of many manhunts and investigations over the years by different groups , including the Simon Wiesenthal Center , the Klarsfelds and others .
The Hudson 's Bay Company purchased the Simpsons-branded stores in 1978 , but they were later converted to The Bay stores by the early 1990s .	As part of the 1978 agreement , U.S.-based Sears acquired full ownership of Simpsons-Sears Limited .
Primacord consists of a continuous core of PETN , RDX or other high explosive , bound by textile yarns and finished with plastic and wax as waterproofing agents .	It is produced in eight strengths :
Dollarama Inc. is a Canadian dollar store retail chain headquartered in Montreal .	Since 2009 , it has been Canada 's largest retailer of items for four dollars or less .
He briefly served in the Volkssturm , founded in 1944 by Adolf Hitler , and was subsequently held as a prisoner of war .	Upon release in 1949 , he joined the Socialist Unity Party ( SED ) .
The following is a list of all the people who have held the office of President of Uruguay since 6 November 1830 ( when the first constitution was adopted ) , with the exception of those who held the office of `` President '' under the National Council of Government , which served as the country 's executive directory from 1955 to 1967 .	The first president of this list is Fructuoso Rivera , who held the office twice and once as part of the Triumvirate that ruled Uruguay from 1853 to 1854 .
It is usually translated as `` seeing one 's ( true ) nature , '' that is , the Buddha-nature .	Kenshō is an `` initial '' insight or awakening , not full Buddhahood .
The aluminium division of Rio Tinto ( previously known as Rio Tinto Alcan ) is a subsidiary of Rio Tinto , based in Montreal .	It was created on 15 November 2007 as the result of the merger between Rio Tinto PLC 's Canadian subsidiary , Rio Tinto Canada Holding Inc. , and Canadian company Alcan Inc. On the same date , Alcan Inc. was renamed Rio Tinto Alcan Inc..
Similar spice blends were found to be in use almost 4000 years ago , with key ingredients like ginger , garlic , and turmeric , during the days of Indus Valley Civilization .	The chili pepper , a ubiquitous ingredient in curry today , was brought to the Indian subcontinent from the Americas through the Columbian Exchange in the 16th century .
He is the creator of the `` theory of sonics '' , a new branch of continuum mechanics , in which he described the transmission of mechanical energy through vibrations .	Born in Craiova in `` the Doctor 's House '' near the Mihai Bravu Gardens , he was influenced by his father George , born in 1844 ( a professor of mathematics and engineering science , specialized in mathematics at the Sorbonne University ) .
Dockery was born in Montgomery County , North Carolina , to Col. John Dockery , who had participated in the Indian removals in North Carolina .	His father moved first to Tennessee and then to Columbia County , Arkansas , where he established a large plantation .
ETBU is located on the site of the former Van Zandt Plantation at the highest altitude in Harrison County .	ETBU was founded as the College of Marshall in 1912 , after a campaign to create a Southern Baptist college in East Texas .
Sun dogs typically appear as a pair of subtly colored patches of light , around 22° to the left and right of the Sun , and at the same altitude above the horizon as the Sun .	They can be seen anywhere in the world during any season , but are not always obvious or bright .
The Toronto–Dominion Bank ( ) is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Toronto , Ontario .	Commonly known as TD and operating as TD Bank Group ( ) , the bank was created on February 1 , 1955 through the merger of the Bank of Toronto and The Dominion Bank , which were founded in 1855 and 1869 , respectively .
TD Canada Trust ( doing business as simply TD ) is the personal , small business and commercial banking operation of the Toronto-Dominion Bank ( TD ) in Canada .	TD Canada Trust offers a range of financial services and products to more than 10 million Canadian customers through more than 1,100 branches and 2,600 `` Green Machine '' ATMs .
The volume of work bearing de Lamerie 's mark makes it almost certain that he subcontracted orders to other London silversmiths before applying his own mark .	De Lamerie was born in 's-Hertogenbosch in the United Provinces ( now the Netherlands ) .
Most of its population reside in the municipal seat , Cancún .	It is named after the 19th century president and statesman Benito Juárez .
As IBM transitioned from a hardware company to a software and services company , the future of the manufacturing unit was in doubt despite its financial successes .	In January 1994 , Celestica was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM Canada .
However most goldsmiths have also worked in silver although the reverse may not be the case .	Silversmithing is the art of turning silver sheet metal into hollow ware ( dishes , bowls , porringers , cups , candlesticks , vases , ewers , urns , etc .
The trade has very often included jewellery-making skills , as well as the very similar skills of the silversmith .	Traditionally , these skills had been passed along through apprenticeships , however , more recently jewellery arts schools specializing solely in teaching goldsmithing and a multitude of skills falling under the jewellery arts umbrella are available .
In 1952 the airline was formed as Wardair and operations began on 6 June 1953 using a single engine de Havilland Canada Otter .	In 1962 it entered the trans-atlantic charter market and changed its name to Wardair Canada Ltd. On 1 January 1976 the name was changed to Wardair Canada ( 1975 ) Ltd and yet again on 10 June 1977 to Wardair International Ltd .
DiFranco sold the tapes out of the back of her car and at shows on tour , then sold them on consignment in local stores .	Teaming up with her longtime business partner Scot Fisher , they were able to self-distribute her albums directly to over 100 indie accounts .
Daniel Marot ( 1661–1752 ) was a French Protestant , an architect , furniture designer and engraver at the forefront of the classicizing Late Baroque `` Louis XIV '' style .	Born in Paris , he was a pupil of Jean Le Pautre and the son of Jean Marot , who was also an architect and engraver .
Early recordings of Broughton are :	- the Domesday Book where it appears as `` 22 households ( quite large ) ''
Ramla lies along the route of the `` Via Maris '' , connecting old Cairo ( Fustat ) with Damascus , at its intersection with the road connecting the port of Jaffa with Jerusalem .	It was conquered many times in the course of its history , by the Abbasids , the Ikhshidids , the Fatimids , the Seljuqs , the Crusaders , the Mameluks , the Turks , the British , and the Israelis .
The obol ( , `` obolos '' , also ὀβελός ( `` obelós '' ) , ὀβελλός ( `` obellós '' ) , ὀδελός ( `` odelós '' ) .	`` nail , metal spit '' ; ) was a form of ancient Greek currency and weight .
It consists of a public house and a few private houses , the easterly part of the former railway has been made into a road .	It is a distinct settlement separated from Broughton itself by the Aylesbury Arm of the Grand Union Canal .
Unlike C4 plastic explosive , not all explosives can be detonated simply by inserting a detonator and firing it .	An initiator such as a shock tube , cannon fuse , or even a conventional detonator does not deliver sufficient shock to detonate charges comprising TNT , Composition B , ANFO and many other high explosives .
In Australia , the California bungalow associated with the United States was popular after the First World War .	In North America and the United Kingdom , a bungalow today is a house , normally detached , that may contain a small loft .
It has four colleges specialising in fine arts , architecture , media and design , music and the performing arts with around 3,500 students .	Thus the UdK is one of only three universities in Germany to unite the faculties of art and music in one institution .
The Van Zandt family had migrated to America from Holland prior to the American Revolutionary War .	Van Zandt went into a joint business venture with his father by opening a store .
When the 6th Arkansas Infantry Regiment was organized in 1861 , Hawthorn was elected first its lieutenant-colonel and then , the following spring , was appointed its colonel .	He was present at Battle of Shiloh and took a gallant part in the assault on Hindman Hill , in 1863 , during the attack on Helena .
In its population was , nearly all of whom are Arab citizens of Israel .	The city is situated on the Umm al-Fahm mountain ridge , the highest point of which is Mount Iskander ( above sea level ) , overlooking Wadi Ara .
It has an area of 10,000 dunams .	In it had a population of .
The Toi invasion ( Japanese : toi no nyūkō ) was the invasion of northern Kyūshū by Jurchen pirates in 1019 .	At the time , Toi ( , `` Doe '' ) meant `` barbarian '' in the Korean language .
Human settlement back to the Chalcolithic has been found on the site .	Both the Canaanites and Israelites referred to the town as `` Ono '' ( ) , which name continued all throughout the First and Second Temple periods .
It is south of Haifa and north of Tel Aviv .	In it had a population of .
Opened in 1966 , it is located 16 km south of the city center .	In 2016 it handled 11,395,800 passengers , and in 2017 it handled 12,808,000 .
In 2003 , Baqa al-Gharbiyye united with the Jatt local council to form Baqa-Jatt , a unification that was dissolved a few years later .	The city had a population of in .
Great and Little Hampden is a civil parish in Buckinghamshire , England , about three miles south-east of Princes Risborough .	It incorporates the villages of Great Hampden and Little Hampden , and the hamlets of Green Hailey and Hampden Row .
In modern times , Beit She'an serves as a regional center for the settlements in the Beit She'an Valley .	The ancient city ruins are now protected within the Beit She'an National Park .
The modern city of Beit Shemesh was founded in 1950 .	The ancient city of Beit Shemesh ( `` house of the sun '' or `` temple of the sun '' in Hebrew ) was originally named after the Canaanite sun-goddess Shemesh , who was worshipped there in antiquity .
The name `` Poynings ' Law '' is ambiguous ; it may refer to :	Poynings ' Parliament was called by Sir Edward Poynings in his capacity as Lord Deputy of Ireland , appointed by King Henry VII of England in his capacity as Lord of Ireland .
Beitar Illit , ( lit .	Upper Beitar ) is named after the ancient Jewish city of Betar , whose ruins lie away .
It was established in 1982 by Hassan Khosrowshahi .	By 1990 , the chain had become the country 's largest retailer of computer and consumer electronics .
`` Splendor of the Sharon '' ) is a city in the Central District of Israel .	The city is located approximately east of the Mediterranean coastline , south of Kfar Saba , southeast of Raanana , and northeast of Ramat HaSharon .
In it had a population of .	Hadera was established in 1891 as a farming colony by members of the Zionist group , Hovevei Zion , from Lithuania and Latvia .
Tayibe ( also spelled Taibeh or Tayiba ; `` '' , , `` the kind '' / '' the benevolent '' ; ) is an Arab city in central Israel , east of Kfar Saba .	Part of the Triangle region , in it had a population of .
Part of The Triangle , a concentration of Israeli Arab towns and villages adjacent to the Green Line , Tira is close to Kfar Saba , and is well known by its neighbors for its weekly outdoor market , as well as for its Arab cuisine .	In it had a population of .
James C. Tappan was born in Franklin , Tennessee , where his parents had migrated from Newburyport , Massachusetts .	Tappan attended Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter , New Hampshire , and graduated from Yale University in 1845 .
Tamra is an ancient village on hill .	Old squared stone blocks have been reused in village homes .
In many English translations of the Bible it is known as Jabneh .	During Greco-Roman times it was known as Jamnia ( `` Iamníā '' ; ) ; to the Crusaders as Ibelin ; and in modern Arabic as Yibna ( ) .
In 2007 , Yehud 's population is approximately 30,000 ( including Neve Monosson – see below ) .	Yehud is mentioned in the Bible in a list of towns in the area ( `` and Yehud and Bnei Brak and Gat Rimon '' - Book of Joshua 19 , 45 ) .
In it had a population of .	The origins of the name are not known - in Hebrew and Aramaic it means 'grandfather 's village ' .
ARA was originally created to involve students in scientific activities .	On October 2004 the organization changed its codes and statutes to develop an attitude of service , leadership , integrity , innovation , and cultural and artistic expression .
In it had a population of .	The name is derived from the Biblical city of Lod , and it was a significant Judean town from the Maccabean Period to the early Christian period .
Migdal HaEmek ( , lit .	`` Tower of the Valley '' , also officially spelt Migdal HaEmeq , ) is a city in the Northern District of Israel .
FSH is a 35.5 kDa glycoprotein heterodimer , consisting of two polypeptide units , alpha and beta .	Its structure is similar to those of luteinizing hormone ( LH ) , thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) , and human chorionic gonadotropin ( hCG ) .
Ma'ale Adumim achieved city status in 1991 .	In 2015 its population was .
Excavations of a 4th-century burial cave in the village unearthed a cross and a piece of glass engraved with a menorah .	Crusader sources from the 12th and 13th century refer to Tarshiha as `` Terschia , '' `` Torsia '' and `` Tersigha . ''
Nahariya takes its name from the stream of Ga'aton ( river is `` nahar '' - נהר - in Hebrew ) , which bisects it .	The ruins of a 3,400-year-old Bronze Age citadel were found in the coastal city of Nahariya near the beach on Balfour Street , at a site known to archaeologists as `` Khirbet Kabarsa '' .
Topsy ( circa 1875 – January 4 , 1903 ) was a female Asian elephant put to death at a Coney Island , New York , amusement park by electrocution in January 1903 .	Born in Southeast Asia around 1875 , Topsy was secretly brought into the United States soon thereafter and added to the herd of performing elephants at the Forepaugh Circus , who fraudulently advertised her as the first elephant born in America .
Lying within Ness Ziona 's city bounds is the ruin of an Arab village , formerly known as `` Ṣarfān '' ( צרפאן ) , but called in Hebrew `` Ginnot Tzarifin '' ( ) , not to be confused with the IDF base Tzrifin ( ) .	A story is related in the Babylonian Talmud about `` Ginnot Tzarifin '' , that during the time of the Second Temple it was customary to enquire where the first of the barley harvest and wheat harvest ( `` Omer '' ) were reaped when they were brought to the Temple , as it was not permissible to bring them from outside the land of Israel .
Founded in 1957 , it was planned as a Jewish town overlooking the Arab city of Nazareth and the Jezreel Valley .	In it had a population of .
Nesher ( ) is a city in the Haifa District of Israel .	In it had a population of .
Netivot ( , `` '' paths '' '' ) is a city in the Southern District of Israel located between Beersheba and Gaza .	In it had a population of .
Io is a pure object-oriented programming language inspired by Smalltalk , Self , Lua , Lisp , Act1 , and NewtonScript .	Io has a prototype-based object model similar to the ones in Self and NewtonScript , eliminating the distinction between instance and class .
Netanya ( , lit. , `` God gave '' ; ) is a city in the Northern Central District of Israel , and is the capital of the surrounding Sharon plain .	It is north of Tel Aviv , and south of Haifa , between the 'Poleg ' stream and Wingate Institute in the south and the 'Avichail ' stream in the north .
In the city had a population of .	Afula is mentioned first around 19th century BC as `` Ofel '' in the Execration texts .
Located at an elevation of , Safed is the highest city in the Galilee and in Israel .	Due to its high elevation , Safed experiences warm summers and cold , often snowy , winters .
Qalansawe also Qalansuwa ( , , lit .	`` turban '' ) is an Arab city in the Central District of Israel .
Kiryat Ono ( , ) is a city in the Tel Aviv District of Israel .	It is located east of Tel Aviv .
It is thought by archaeologists Mordechai Aviam and Dan Barag ( 1935–2009 ) to be the `` Capharatha '' ( ) mentioned by Josephus in the Lower Galilee , one of several views tentatively identified for the site .	Archaeological surveys at Khirbet Sharta in the northeast part of the city revealed traces of habitation dating to the Bronze , Iron , Hellenistic , Roman , Byzantine , and Mamluk eras .
Witt was born in Paris , Arkansas , and was raised in Dardanelle , in Yell County , Arkansas .	He and Clinton met as boys in Little League .
Kiryat Bialik ( ) ( also Qiryat Bialik ) is a city in the Haifa District in Israel .	It is one of the five Krayot suburbs to the north of Haifa .
Kiryat Gat is named for Gath , one of the five major cities of the Philistines .	In Hebrew , `` gat '' means `` winepress '' .
Kiryat Motzkin ( ) is a city in the Haifa District of Israel , north of the city of Haifa .	In it had a population of .
In it had a population of .	Its jurisdiction is 4,632 dunams ( ~4.6 km² ) .
Set in London , the serial involves Member of Parliament Sir Charles Grover ( Noel Johnson ) and General Finch ( John Bennett ) conspiring to roll back the Earth and return it to a time when it was untouched by humanity .	The Third Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith arrive in a deserted London , where they discover that dinosaurs are appearing all over the city , causing havoc , but no one can account for their sudden appearances and disappearances .
National Cheng Kung University ( NCKU ; ) is a research-led comprehensive university in Tainan , Taiwan .	NCKU was ranked 2nd internationally overall in Taiwan in 2018 , and one of the top ranked universities in Asia , it comprises 9 colleges , 43 departments , and 39 institutes .
Town of the Eight ) is a city located in the Northern District of Israel on the western slopes of the Hula Valley near the Lebanese border .	The city was named after the eight people , including Joseph Trumpeldor , who died in 1920 defending Tel Hai .
Rosh HaAyin ( , `` lit . ''	Fountainhead ; ) is a city in the Central District of Israel .
Pitch can be natural or manufactured , derived from petroleum , coal tar , or plants .	Various forms of pitch may also be called tar , bitumen , or asphalt .
In it had a population of .	As such , it is the largest Bedouin city in the world , and the only one in Israel to have city status .
'wide expanses ' ) based on Genesis 26:22 : `` And he called the name of it `` Rehoboth '' ; and he said : 'For now the Lord hath made room for us , and we shall be fruitful in the land ' . ''	This Bible verse is also inscribed in the city 's logo .
A humane society is a group that aims to stop human or animal suffering due to cruelty or other reasons .	In many countries , the term is used mostly for societies for the prevention of cruelty to animals ( SPCA ) .
Locally and erroneously supposed to mean the healing of 'Amer ( ed Dhaher ) ,	Walls , installations and pottery sherds from the Early Bronze Age IB and the Middle Bronze Age IIB Iron , Hellenistic and Roman periods have been excavated at Shefa-'Amr .
He is primarily portrayed by a glove puppet , but has also been depicted in animated cartoon shorts and comic strips .	The character has featured on children 's television from the 1960s to the present day .
It is difficult to circumscribe the theoretical areas precisely .	The ACM 's Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory ( SIGACT ) provides the following description :
Beginning his career as a political commentator , he subsequently edited `` The Independent '' newspaper ( 1996–98 ) , and was political editor of BBC News ( 2000–05 ) .	He began hosting a political programme— '' Sunday AM '' , now called `` The Andrew Marr Show '' —on Sunday mornings on BBC One from September 2005 .
They co-wrote the majority of their output between 1989 and 1998 , collaborating with Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe , of Pet Shop Boys , on three tracks in their early years , and former Kraftwerk member Karl Bartos on nine songs in 1995 .	The two first met in 1984 when the Smiths guitarist contributed to a Quando Quango track that Sumner was producing .
R.O.B .	( Robotic Operating Buddy ) , released in Japan as the , is an accessory for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) .
It appears to be short for mangelwurzel , a crop grown to feed livestock , and wurzel is also sometimes used in the UK ( perhaps only as a result of the band 's name ) as a synonym for yokel .	The Wurzels ' particular `` genre '' of music was named Scrumpy and Western after the group 's first EP of the same name , issued early in 1967 .
He was educated at Columbia College .	In 1813 he began studying in a physician 's office .
Alpenglow ( from , Italian : `` Enrosadira '' ) is an optical phenomenon that appears as a horizontal reddish glow near the horizon opposite of the Sun when the solar disk is just below the horizon .	This effect is easily visible when mountains are illuminated , but can also be seen when clouds are lit through backscatter .
Poliomyelitis is often known as `` Heine-Medin disease '' , after the work of Heine and Karl Oskar Medin .	Heine studied classical languages and theology before turning to medicine , a decision influenced by his uncle , Johann Georg Heine , who owned an orthopaedic institute in Würzburg .
Serge Berstein writes that Gaullism is `` neither a doctrine nor a political ideology '' and can not be considered either left or right .	Rather , `` considering its historical progression , it is a pragmatic exercise of power that is neither free from contradictions nor of concessions to momentary necessity , even if the imperious word of the general gives to the practice of Gaullism the allure of a program that seems profound and fully realized . ''
State of Decay is the fourth serial of the 18th season in the British science fiction television series `` Doctor Who '' , which was first broadcast in four weekly parts on BBC1 from 22 November to 13 December 1980 .	In the serial , three vampire lords rule over a village deliberately kept at a low development level for a thousand years .
The crater nomenclature is governed by the International Astronomical Union , and this listing only includes features that are officially recognized by that scientific society .	The lunar craters are listed in the following subsections .
Austin enjoyed a successful mid-card career as `` Stunning '' Steve Austin in World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) from 1991 to 1995 .	After a brief stint in Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) in late 1995 , he signed with the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , now WWE ) as The Ringmaster .
It is located in Greater Western Sydney , west of the Sydney central business district on the banks of the Nepean River , on the outskirts of the Cumberland Plain .	Its elevation is .
The optimal airspeed is independent of the wind speed , because the fastest average speed achievable through the airmass corresponds to the fastest achievable average groundspeed .	The idea is usually attributed to Paul MacCready , although an early version of the theory was first described by Wolfgang Späte in 1938 .
A fortified residence was constructed on this site by Suganuma Sadanori in 1508 .	The Suganuma clan were a subordination branch of the Okudaira clan , who ruled most of Mikawa Province .
The took place from January to February 1573 , between the forces of the Takeda clan , led by the noted warlord Takeda Shingen , against the Tokugawa clan , led by Tokugawa Ieyasu .	Along with the Battle of Mikatagahara it was one of the final battles in Takeda Shingen 's long career .
Noto Peninsula ( 能登半島 , `` Noto-hantō '' ) is a peninsula that projects north into the Sea of Japan from the coast of Ishikawa Prefecture in central Honshū , the main island of Japan .	The main industries of the peninsula are agriculture , fisheries , and tourism .
The Hawker Siddeley HS 748 is a medium-sized turboprop airliner originally designed by the British firm Avro in the late 1950s as a replacement for the aging DC-3s then in widespread service as feederliners .	Avro concentrated on performance , notably for STOL operations , and found a dedicated market .
The province disappears from history until the `` Wamyō Ruijushō '' of 930 AD , in which Minamoto no Shitagō is named as `` Kokushi '' of the province .	The Nara period provincial capital and provincial temple were located in what is now the city of Nanao , Ishikawa ; however , the Ichinomiya ( Keta Shrine ) was located in what is now the city of Hakui , Ishikawa .
His father , Mitsuhei Obuchi , was one of four representatives in the Diet ( parliament ) for a district in Gunma , a rural prefecture .	At the age of 13 , he transferred to a private middle school in Tokyo and lived in the city for the rest of his life .
Further manufacturing under license was performed by SOKO in Yugoslavia and the Arab British Helicopter Company ( ABHCO ) in Egypt .	Since being introduced to service in 1973 , the Gazelle has been procured and operated by a number of export customers .
Though they had the climax of their fame under Oda Nobunaga and fell from the spotlight soon after , several branches of the family continued as `` daimyō '' houses until the Meiji Restoration .	The Oda family in the time of Nobunaga claimed descent from the Taira clan , by Taira no Chikazane , a grandson of Taira no Shigemori ( 1138–1179 ) .
The 1573 was the last stand of the Azai clan , one of Oda Nobunaga 's chief opponents .	Nobunaga took Odani Castle from Azai Nagamasa , who , left with no other option , committed suicide along with his father .
Guiyang is the capital of Guizhou province of Southwest China .	It is located in the center of the province , situated on the east of the Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau , and on the north bank of the Nanming River , a branch of the Wu River .
His famous grandson Matsudaira Motoyasu ( later named Tokugawa Ieyasu ) was born here on December 16 , 1542 .	The Matsudaira were defeated by the Imagawa clan in 1549 , and Ieyasu was taken to Sunpu Castle as a hostage .
The negative effect of accumulating irreversible deleterious mutations may not be prevalent in organisms , which , while they reproduce asexually , also undergo other forms of recombination .	This effect has also been observed in those regions of the genomes of sexual organisms that do not undergo recombination .
Entering the Oda territories in Owari Province , he first took the border fortresses of Washizu and Marune before setting up camp in a wooded gorge known as Dengaku-hazama .	This was all reported to Oda Nobunaga by his scouts and , in response , Nobunaga then led his own forces into position at a temple called Zenshō-ji , a short distance away , on the other side of the Tōkaidō road .
The Oki Islands have been settled since the Japanese Paleolithic period , and numerous remains from the Jōmon , Yayoi and Kofun periods indicates continuous human occupation and activity .	It was organized as a province under the Ritsuryō reforms in the later half of the seventh century , and the name `` Oki-no-kuni '' appears on wooden markers found in the imperial capital of Nara .
When Nobumasa was born , he was called Sadamasa ( 奥平 貞昌 ) .	He was the son of Okudaira Sadayoshi , an influential local figure in Mikawa .
He was member of the first Central Committee of the Japan Communist Party and belonged to the Rōnō Faction .	After the war he was on the Central Executive Committee of the Japan Socialist Party from 1946 to 1948 and served in the Diet from 1946 to 1949 and spent his time after that writing .
The Shire of Burdekin is a local government area located in North Queensland , Australia in the Dry Tropics region .	The district is located between Townsville and Bowen in the delta of the Burdekin River .
Sakae Ōsugi was born on January 17 , 1885 , in Marugame , Kagawa , according to his autobiography , `` Jijōden '' .	The Ōsugi family registry misrepresents his date of birth by several months , leading to some confusion in other reports .
During the Sengoku and Edo periods , Ōsumi was controlled by the Shimazu clan of neighboring Satsuma and did not develop a major administrative center .	The Ōsumi region has developed its own distinct local dialect .
The took place in 1600 , concurrent with the battle of Sekigahara .	Kyōgoku Takatsugu held Ōtsu castle for the Tokugawa , and commanded the garrison .
This gate is a peculiar mix of traditional Japanese , Chinese , and European religious architectural elements .	The gate is high including the lightning rod .
Baron was a general in the Imperial Japanese Army before and during World War II .	As one of the principal nationalist right-wing political theorists in the Empire of Japan , he was regarded as the leader of the radical faction within the politicized Imperial Japanese Army and served as Minister of War under Prime Minister Inukai .
Sir Harry Smith Parkes ( 24 February 1828 – 22 March 1885 ) was a British diplomat who served as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary and Consul General of the United Kingdom to the Empire of Japan from 1865 to 1883 and the Chinese Qing Empire from 1883 to 1885 , and Minister to Korea in 1884 .	Parkes Street in Kowloon , Hong Kong , is named after him .
It is one of the cities that make up Metro Cebu in the Philippines .	It is geographically located in the province of Cebu , administratively independent from the province but grouped under Cebu by the Philippine Statistics Authority .
After only 6 months at university , he quit to assist friends of his father as a trader in Marseilles .	When Léon 's father acquired a plantation in Algeria , Léon left France to join him on June 30 , 1832 .
His elder brother was the painter Pietro Lorenzetti .	Lorenzetti was highly influenced by both Byzantine art and classical art forms , and used these to create a unique and individualistic style of painting .
Together with his younger brother Ambrogio , he introduced naturalism into Sienese art .	In their artistry and experiments with three-dimensional and spatial arrangements , the brothers foreshadowed the art of the Renaissance .
It is believed Vecchietta was a pupil of Sassetta , Taddeo di Bartolo and Jacopo della Quercia .	Later in his life he was the master of Francesco di Giorgio and Neroccio de ’ Landi .
The five families are ranked together as the Ceboidea , the only extant superfamily in the parvorder Platyrrhini .	Platyrrhini means flat-nosed , and their noses are flatter than those of other simians , with sideways-facing nostrils .
He studied at St Petersburg and travelled in Italy , Holland and Scandinavia .	In his early work he followed the pseudo-idealism of the German romantic school , but on removing to Munich in 1835 , the stronger influence of Louis Gurlitt turned his talent into new channels , and he became the founder of the German realistic school .
Though little known today , during his lifetime he was counted among the most important landscape painters of Europe .	Through his teaching activities , he influenced the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf .
Anita Loos was born Corinne Anita Loos in Sisson , California ( today Mount Shasta ) , to Richard Beers Loos and Minnie Ellen Smith .	Loos had two siblings : Gladys and Clifford ( Harry Clifford ) , a physician and co-founder of the Ross-Loos Medical Group .
After the fall of the Roman Empire , Cassel became an important fortified stronghold for the rulers of Flanders which was repeatedly fought over before finally being annexed to France in the 17th century .	It was the headquarters of Marshal Ferdinand Foch during part of the First World War .
Sir John Eric Sidney Thompson , KBE ( 31 December 1898 – 9 September 1975 ) was a leading English Mesoamerican archaeologist , ethnohistorian , and epigrapher .	While working in the United States , he dominated Maya studies and particularly the study of the Maya script until well into the sixties of the 20th century .
Old World monkeys include many of the most familiar species of non-human primates , such as baboons and macaques .	Currently , 138 species are recognised , making Cercopithecidae the largest primate family .
Lady Harriet Acland ( née Fox-Strangways ; 3 January 175021 July 1815 ) was a British noblewoman , nurse , and diarist .	She accompanied her husband to British North America and became celebrated for her personal courage .
Often , each house 's layout is a mirror image of the other .	Semi-detached houses are the most common property type in the UK .
Charles Francis Adams Sr. ( August 18 , 1807 – November 21 , 1886 ) was an American historical editor , writer , politician , and diplomat .	He was a son of President John Quincy Adams and grandson of President John Adams , of whom he wrote a major biography .
Theo de Raadt ( ; ; born May 19 , 1968 ) is a software engineer who lives in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .	He is the founder and leader of the OpenBSD and OpenSSH projects , and was also a founding member of NetBSD .
He was principal harpsichordist of the baroque ensemble Musica Antiqua Köln from 1976 to 1983 , with whom he toured worldwide under the auspices of the Goethe Institute and recorded extensively for DGG Archiv and numerous European radio stations .	Formerly professor of harpsichord and fortepiano at Concordia University and the Université Laval in Quebec , Hendrik Bouman also taught historically informed performance practice and chamber ensemble .
Agra is a major tourist destination because of its many Mughal-era buildings , most notably the Tāj Mahal , Agra Fort and Fatehpūr Sikrī , all of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites .	Agra is included on the Golden Triangle tourist circuit , along with Delhi and Jaipur ; and the Uttar Pradesh Heritage Arc , tourist circuit of UP state , along Lucknow and Varanasi .
Incorporated in 1914 , it has a land area of 85.38 square kilometres and a population of 18,573 ( as of 2016 ) .	Aboriginal people resided in the Pitt Meadows area approximately 1000 years ago .
Thomas Bailey Aldrich was born in Portsmouth , New Hampshire on November 11 , 1836 .	When Aldrich was a child , his father moved to New Orleans .
He continued to hold himself out as `` Lord Stirling '' regardless .	Lord Stirling commanded the 1st Maryland Regiment that fought at the Battle of Long Island .
Alençon belongs to the intercommunality of Alençon ( with 52,000 people ) .	The name of Alençon is first recorded in a document dated in the seventh century .
This is a list of broadcast television stations serving cities in the U.S. state of Kentucky .	VC refers to the station 's PSIP virtual channel .
Psychological horror usually aims to create discomfort or dread by exposing common or universal psychological and emotional vulnerabilities/fears and revealing the darker parts of the human psyche that most people may repress or deny .	This idea is referred to in Analytical psychology as the archetypal shadow characteristics : suspicion , distrust , self-doubt , and paranoia of others , themselves , and the world .
The park opened on February 8 , 2001 as Disney 's California Adventure Park , and it is the second of two theme parks built at the Disneyland Resort complex , after Disneyland Park .	The concept of a theme park dedicated to California arose from a meeting of Disney executives in 1995 , following the cancellation of the WestCOT project .
projected presentation on an concave 180-degree dome screen , artificial scents and wind to simulate a hang gliding flight over several locations across six continents around the world .	The original iteration of the attraction , known as Soarin Over California , was an opening day attraction at Disney California Adventure on February 8 , 2001 .
The Disneyland Resort , commonly known as Disneyland , is an entertainment resort in Anaheim , California .	It is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company through its Parks , Experiences and Consumer Products division and is home to two theme parks ( Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure ) , three hotels , and a shopping , dining , and entertainment complex known as Downtown Disney .
The Pragmatic Sanction of Bourges , issued by King Charles VII of France , on 7 July 1438 , required a General Church Council , with authority superior to that of the papacy , to be held every ten years , required election rather than appointment to ecclesiastical offices , prohibited the pope from bestowing and profiting from benefices , and forbade appeals to the Roman Curia from places further than two days ' journey from Rome .	The Pragmatic Sanction further stipulated that interdict could not be placed on cities unless the entire community was culpable .
TransLink , formally the South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority , is the statutory authority responsible for the regional transportation network of Metro Vancouver in British Columbia , Canada , including public transport , major roads and bridges .	Its main operating facilities are located in the city of New Westminster .
She was the recipient of the Audubon Medal , the John Muir Award , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom—the highest civilian honor awarded by the United States .	Born Margaret Thomas on August 28 , 1902 in Seattle , Washington , Murie moved to Fairbanks , Alaska with her family when she was five years old .
He spent his career studying data on collective violence and war with a view toward helping their resolution or elimination .	Rummel coined the term `` democide '' for murder by government ( compare `` genocide '' ) , such as the Stalinist purges and Mao 's Cultural Revolution .
By the time recording of `` Bedtime for Democracy '' had begun , the Dead Kennedys had already played what would be their last concert with Jello Biafra and announced their breakup immediately after the release of the record , whose opening track is a cover of David Alan Coe 's `` Take This Job and Shove It . ''	All songs written by Jello Biafra except when stated .
He would go on to record the studio albums `` Plastic Surgery Disasters '' , `` Frankenchrist '' , and `` Bedtime for Democracy '' , as well as singles/rarities collection , `` Give Me Convenience or Give Me Death '' .	The Dead Kennedys broke up in December 1986 .
It was named after the West Rapti River which drains `` Rolpa '' , `` Pyuthan '' and part of `` Dang '' districts .	The remainder of Dang and part of `` Salyan '' district are drained by the `` Babai '' .
In 1869 , he founded Booth 's Theatre in New York .	Some theatrical historians consider him the greatest American actor , and the greatest Prince Hamlet , of the 19th century .
Before the Dead Kennedys , East Bay Ray played guitar with a San Francisco Bay Area based rockabilly/doo-wop bar band Cruisin ' , releasing one single , `` Vicky 's Hickey '' , sold primarily at their shows .	The Dead Kennedys were a notably idiosyncratic punk rock band .
Although remnants from the Japanese Paleolithic and Yayoi periods are scarce , remains from the Jōmon period are relatively plentiful .	Kofun period remains are generally from the 1st – 4th centuries AD .
Tatsuoki became involved in a bitter rivalry with Akechi Mitsuhide , and lost to him decisively in 1564 .	He survived , but from this point on the Saitō clan were no longer a significant faction in the power struggles of the Sengoku period .
Armies of the two factions eventually came to war .	In 1583 , Morimasa led an offensive against Takayama Ukon in Iwasakiyama .
In 1844 , he obtained the `` Huishoudelyk Woordboek '' , a Dutch translation of Nöel Chomel 's encyclopedia , from which Sakuma learned how to make glass , and then magnets , thermometers , cameras and telescopes .	The encyclopedia was later translated into Japanese by Utagawa Genshin ( ) under the title .
After its downfall , Masayuki took the lead of his clan and , despite little power , he managed to establish himself as an independent `` daimyō '' under the Toyotomi regime through skillful political maneuvers amidst the powerful Tokugawa , Hojō and Uesugi clans .	Known for having defeated the powerful Tokugawa army in the Siege of Ueda on two separate occasions , Masayuki is now considered one of the greatest military strategists of his era .
The famed veteran of the invasion of Korea , Shimazu Tadatsune , called him the .	He was the second son of Sanada Masayuki ( 1544–1611 ) .
The Steller 's eider ( `` Polysticta stelleri '' ) is a smallish sea duck that breeds along the Arctic coasts of eastern Siberia and Alaska .	This species is the smallest eider at long .
Across Naruto strait it bordered Awaji Province too .	Administratively it was included as a part of Nankaidō .
Other names for the island include Uyakhuzhach , Oyakoba and Alaid , the name of the volcano on the island .	The island is named after Vladimir Atlasov , a 17th-century Russian explorer who incorporated the nearby Kamchatka Peninsula into Russia .
It is north of London and south-west of Peterborough .	The nearest railway station , Corby , is to the west .
It is counted among the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites .	The Binnenhof is the oldest House of Parliament in the world still in use .
In DOS , many standard system commands were provided for common tasks such as listing files on a disk or moving files .	Some commands were built into the command interpreter , others existed as external commands on disk .
It is the only Southern Iroquoian language and differs significantly from the other Iroquoian languages .	Cherokee is a polysynthetic language and uses a unique syllabary writing system .
It covers an area of 688.09 km² ( 2013 ) and has a population of 46,938 ( 1 April 2014 ) .	Its mayor is Peder Christian Kirkegaard , a member of the Venstre political party .
The non-vernacular remains of the language , Lucumi , is the liturgical language of the Santería religion of the Caribbean .	Many Yoruba words are used in the Afro-Brazilian religion known as Candomblé .
The great spotted cuckoo ( `` Clamator glandarius '' ) is a member of the cuckoo order of birds , the Cuculiformes , which also includes the roadrunners , the anis and the coucals .	The genus name `` clamator '' is Latin for `` shouter '' from `` clamare '' , `` to shout '' .
Josephus writes : `` Phut also was the founder of Libya , and called the inhabitants Phutites ( `` Phoutes '' ) , from himself : there is also a river in the country of Moors which bears that name ; whence it is that we may see the greatest part of the Grecian historiographers mention that river and the adjoining country by the appellation of Phut ( `` Phoute '' ) : but the name it has now has been by change given it from one of the sons of Mezraim , who was called Lybyos . ''	( AotJ Book 1:6/2 ) .
These play a central role in morphogenesis , the creation of body structures , which in turn is central to evolutionary developmental biology ( evo-devo ) .	The regulator can be DNA , RNA , protein and complexes of these .
Gaius Servilius Structus Ahala was a 5th-century BC politician of ancient Rome , considered by many later writers to have been a hero .	His fame rested on the contention that he saved Rome from Spurius Maelius in 439 BC by killing him with a dagger concealed under an armpit .
The letter defends the strategy of nonviolent resistance to racism .	It says that people have a moral responsibility to break unjust laws and to take direct action rather than waiting potentially forever for justice to come through the courts .
Kovalam is a beach town by the Arabian Sea in Thiruvananthapuram metropolitan area in Kerala , India , located around 18 km south of the city center .	Kovalam means a grove of coconut trees and true to its name the village offers an endless sight of coconut trees .
They form part of the Sotho-Tswana people and can be found in different countries such as Lesotho , Botswana , South Africa , Zimbabwe and Swaziland .	Their main languages are Sesotho and Setswana .
Robbins was born on July 22 , 1932 in Blowing Rock , North Carolina to George Thomas Robbins and Katherine Belle Robinson .	Both of his grandfathers were Baptist preachers .
The Tlôkwa considers the Tlokwe-cat as their original totem which has since become extinct due to over-hunting for its fur , which was used by clan chiefs .	The Batlôkwa kingdom is part of the larger group of Bakgatla people , which is one of sub-divisions of the Bantu-speaking Tswana peoples.These different groups are often classified for convenience as 'Sotho-Tswana ' .
Let `` M '' and `` N '' be differentiable manifolds and `` f '' : `` M '' → `` N '' be a differentiable map between them .	The map `` f '' is a submersion at a point `` p '' ∈ `` M '' if its differential
He received six Filmfare Awards and one National Film Award .	In 1967 , he was honoured with the Padma Shri award by the Government of India .
Computer-aided maintenance ( not to be confused with CAM which usually stands for Computer Aided Manufacturing ) refers to systems that utilize software to organize planning , scheduling and support of maintenance and repair .	A common application of such systems is the maintenance of computers , either hardware or software , themselves .
On 9 July 2018 Theresa May appointed Jeremy Wright to the post .	In 2017 the DCMS was renamed to the Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport in acknowledgement of the increasing responsibility the department had gained for Digital affairs .
Metroid Fusion is an action-adventure game video game published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance handheld game console in 2002 .	The fourth installment in the `` Metroid '' series , it was developed by Nintendo Research & Development 1 , which previously developed the 1994 game `` Super Metroid . ''
Lepelstraat has always been important in its region 's religious history .	In 1612 a little church was created in the attic of a farmhouse that was kept from the knowledge of authorities because Roman Catholicism was forbidden at that time .
Its most famous member was Zofia Kossak-Szczucka .	Other members included Edward Kozikowski , Jan Nepomucen Miller and Janina Brzostowska .
Blood samples and reagents are placed in separate carousels on the right of the machine .	This instrument is used in medical laboratories by trained medical personnel .
The oldest standing structure in Ethiopia , the Temple of Yeha , is located in Yeha .	This is a tower built in the Sabaean style , and dated through comparison with ancient structures in South Arabia to around 700 BC .
The Communist Party of Greece ( ; `` Kommounistikó Kómma Elládas '' , KKE ) is a Marxist–Leninist political party in Greece .	Founded in 1918 as the Socialist Labour Party of Greece ( adopting its current name in November 1924 ) , it is the oldest political party in modern Greek politics .
He was imprisoned from 1830 to 1832 for participating in a secret patriotic organization .	Banished from Congress Poland in 1863 , he settled in Dresden , where he remained until 1884 .
Żegota ( , full codename : the `` Konrad Żegota Committee '' ) was the Polish Council to Aid Jews with the Government Delegation for Poland ( ) , an underground Polish resistance organization , and part of the Polish Underground State , active 1942–45 in German-occupied Poland .	It was the successor to the Provisional Committee to Aid Jews .
Dʿmt ( South Arabian alphabet : ; Unvocalized Ge'ez : ደዐመተ , `` DʿMT '' theoretically vocalized as ዳዓማት , `` Daʿamat '' or ዳዕማት , Daʿəmat ) was a kingdom located in Eritrea and northern Ethiopia that existed during the 10th to 5th centuries BC .	Few inscriptions by or about this kingdom survive and very little archaeological work has taken place .
A former Auschwitz concentration camp prisoner , he was a World War II resistance fighter as part of the Polish underground and participated in the Warsaw Uprising .	After the war he was persecuted and imprisoned by the communist Polish People 's Republic due to his membership in the Home Army and opposition activity .
Lookup tables are also used extensively to validate input values by matching against a list of valid ( or invalid ) items in an array and , in some programming languages , may include pointer functions ( or offsets to labels ) to process the matching input .	FPGAs also make extensive use of reconfigurable , hardware-implemented , lookup tables to provide programmable hardware functionality .
Though not established by any statute , Cabinet has significant power in the New Zealand political system and nearly all bills proposed by Cabinet in Parliament are enacted .	The New Zealand Cabinet copies the traditions of the British cabinet system ; it follows the principle of cabinet collective responsibility .
It has been asserted that during the Thatcher government the DoE led the drive towards centralism , and the undermining of local government .	Particularly , the concept of 'inner cities policy ' , often involving centrally negotiated public-private partnerships and centrally appointed development corporations , which moved control of many urban areas to the centre , and away from their , often left-wing , local authorities .
In 2004 SYN was a founding member of the Party of the European Left .	SYN was the largest party of the left-wing coalition formed in 2004 called Coalition of the Radical Left ( SYRIZA ) .
Thomas Williams , Wesleyen missionary .	from Creswick .
Ernest Walter Saunders ( born 21 October 1935 ) is a British former business manager , best known as one of the `` Guinness Four '' , a group of businessmen who attempted fraudulently to manipulate the share price of the Guinness company .	He was sentenced to five years ' imprisonment , but released after 10 months as he was believed to be suffering from Alzheimer 's disease , which is incurable .
Cynthia Horner is a writer , magazine editor , and entertainment industry entrepreneur .	An African-American woman , Horner is based in New York City .
Christopher Joseph Carter ( born 4 May 1952 ) is a former independent Member of Parliament in New Zealand , and a former member of the New Zealand Labour Party until his expulsion .	Carter was a senior Cabinet Minister in the Fifth Labour Government of New Zealand , serving lastly as Minister of Education , Minister Responsible for the Education Review Office and Minister of Ethnic Affairs .
The party was founded in 1995 by Dimitris Tsovolas and several ex-members of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) , the then ruling social-democratic party .	In the 1996 legislative election , DIKKI received 4.43 % of the vote and 9 seats in the Hellenic Parliament .
ATX is the most common motherboard design .	Other standards for smaller boards ( including microATX , FlexATX , nano-ITX , and mini-ITX ) usually keep the basic rear layout but reduce the size of the board and the number of expansion slots .
The instrument was designed by the AVA `` Wytwórnia Radiotechniczna '' , but its implementation was prevented by the German invasion of Poland .	Following the fall of Poland and the transfer of Polish HQ to France , work restarted on the device , this time intended as a mine detector .
2 ) is an 8th-century illuminated manuscript gospel book in insular script ( minuscule ) , with large illuminated initials in the Insular style .	This is a very late Anglo-Saxon gospel book , which shares a distinctive style with the Caligula Troper ( Cotton Library , MS Caligula A.xiv ) .
The Aachtopf is a karst spring which is located south of the western end of the Swabian Jura , near the town Aach .	The name Aachtopf is compounded from `` Aach '' ( meaning water in Old High German ) ; the name of the river created by the spring is in full the Radolfzeller Aach .
Her Majesty 's Principal Secretary of State for Health and Social Care ( Health Secretary ) is a British cabinet position serving as head of the Department of Health and Social Care and holds responsibility for the National Health Service ( NHS ) .	Since devolution in 1999 , the position holder 's responsibility for the NHS is mainly restricted to the health service in England , with the holder 's counterparts in Scotland and Wales responsible for the NHS in Scotland and Wales .
The Flemish parties operate in Flanders and in the Brussels-Capital Region .	The Francophone parties operate in Wallonia and in the Brussels-Capital Region .
I.33 is also known as the Walpurgis manuscript , after a figure named Walpurgis shown in the last sequence of the manuscript , and `` the Tower manuscript '' because it was kept in the Tower of London during 1950-1996 ; also referred to as British Museum No .	14 E iii , No .
Smash Mouth is an American-Canadian rock band from San Jose , California .	The band was formed in 1994 , and was originally composed of Steve Harwell ( lead vocals ) , Kevin Coleman ( drums ) , Greg Camp ( guitar ) , and Paul De Lisle ( bass ) .
He was prominent as the Republic of China 's Ambassador to the United States during the Second World War and foreign minister during the years in which the People 's Republic of China sought to oust the ROC from the United Nations .	He was also the first civilian Governor of Taiwan Province ( 1947–1949 ) , replacing Governor General Chen Yi .
After moving to Taiwan at the end of the civil war , he served as the Governor of Taiwan Province , Vice President and Premier of the Republic of China ( ROC ) .	He represented the ROC in visits to the United States .
The most important type is that concerning the stability of solutions near to a point of equilibrium .	This may be discussed by the theory of Lyapunov .
In 1827 he was made headmaster of the Philological School of General Instruction , Marylebone , the school he had himself attended .	As a headmaster he was known as firm but humane .
It is the main hub for Air Caraïbes and Air Antilles Express .	Air France has also two Airbus A320 based in Pointe-à-Pitre for regional flights .
Shane and Sia Barbi ( born April 2 , 1963 ) , popularly known as The Barbi Twins , are identical twins , cover models , co-authors , and spokespersons for animal rights advocacy .	Shane and Sia began modeling at the age of seven when they posed for a layout in the Sears mail-order catalog .
The integral equation was studied by Ivar Fredholm .	A useful method to solve such equations , the Adomian decomposition method , is due to George Adomian .
The Chang daughters and mother are known as the Hsü Family of Chiayi ( 許家班 ) .	She was the Minister of Health from June 2 , 1990 to September 10 , 1997 and led the creation of Taiwan 's national health insurance system .
The main city in the district was Limbaži .	Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009 .
Such groups may be described by explicit presentations , as was shown by .	For an elementary treatment along these lines , see the article on braid groups .
After the proof of the simplicial approximation theorem this approach provided rigour .	The change of name reflected the move to organise topological classes such as cycles-modulo-boundaries explicitly into abelian groups .
His career started after he was signed to King Records in 1955 following four wins at the Apollo Theater .	Between 1955 and 1964 , he struggled to find hits , and by the time he finally recorded his first hit , `` Hold What You 've Got '' in 1964 , he had recorded 30 previous singles that were deemed failures on the charts .
Hubby in the journal `` Genetics '' , Lewontin helped set the stage for the modern field of molecular evolution .	In 1979 he and Stephen Jay Gould introduced the term `` spandrel '' into evolutionary theory .
The Civic coupe is still considered a compact car .	The Civic currently falls between the Honda Fit and Accord .
A maggot is the larva of a fly ( order Diptera ) ; it is applied in particular to the larvae of Brachycera flies , such as houseflies , cheese flies , and blowflies , rather than larvae of the Nematocera , such as mosquitoes and Crane flies .	A 2012 study estimated the population of maggots in North America alone to be in excess of 3 x 10 trillion .
In nature , photochemistry is of immense importance as it is the basis of photosynthesis , vision , and the formation of vitamin D with sunlight .	Photochemical reactions proceed differently than temperature-driven reactions .
Royston Vasey draws on the upbringing of all the League 's members - Mark Gatiss , Steve Pemberton , Reece Shearsmith and Jeremy Dyson - all of whom were raised in the north of England .	Royston Vasey is the real name of British stand-up comedian Roy 'Chubby ' Brown .
Led by King Edward I of England , the English army defeated the Scots , led by William Wallace .	Shortly after the battle Wallace resigned as Guardian of Scotland .
An analogous definition holds in other categories where , for example ,	If `` G '' is nonabelian then one must distinguish between left and right torsors according to whether the action is on the left or right .
An inorganic compound is typically a chemical compound that lacks C-H bonds , that is , a compound that is not an organic compound , but the distinction is not defined or even of particular interest .	Inorganic compounds comprise most of the Earth 's crust , although the composition of the deep mantle remain active areas of investigation .
Casks are typically steel cylinders that are either welded or bolted closed .	The fuel rods inside are surrounded by inert gas .
When they regrouped , they felt inspired to approach song structure and arrangements differently on their next effort together .	The album was left untitled as to refrain from labeling its content , and its packaging features a `` smiley face '' logo inspired by pop art .
His mother died when he was four , but he became close to his stepmother , Mary Titus Lundy .	As a boy , he worked on his father 's farm , attending school for only brief periods .
The safety match had been invented and patented by the Swedish chemist Gustaf Erik Pasch ( 1788–1862 ) in 1844 , but at that time , it was too difficult to produce it .	In 1845 Lundström started to experiment with these new type of matches in a small workshop he had rented .
He is also known by his titles Chin Qilich Khan ( awarded by emperor Aurangzeb in 1690–91 ) , Nizam-ul-Mulk ( awarded by Farrukhsiyar in 1713 ) and Asaf Jah ( awarded by Muhammad Shah in 1725 ) .	He was born to Nawab Ghazi ud-Din Khan Siddiqi Feroze Jung I and his first wife Wazir un-nisa Begum at Agra on 20 August 1671 as Mir Qamar ud-din Khan Siddiqi .
In order to increase revenue , the Dutch colonial government implemented a series of policies termed the Cultivation System ( Dutch : `` cultuurstelsel '' ) , which mandated Indonesian farmers to grow a quota of commercial crops such as sugar and coffee , instead of growing staple foods such as rice .	At the same time , the colonial government also implemented a tax collection system in which the collecting agents were paid by commission .
Introsort or introspective sort is a hybrid sorting algorithm that provides both fast average performance and ( asymptotically ) optimal worst-case performance .	It begins with quicksort and switches to heapsort when the recursion depth exceeds a level based on ( the logarithm of ) the number of elements being sorted .
Augite has two prominent cleavages , meeting at angles near 90 degrees .	Augite is a solid solution in the pyroxene group .
At age fourteen , he was apprenticed to the London-based publishing house of Bradbury and Evans to learn banknote engraving , at which he excelled .	From his youth , he was fascinated with Assyrian culture and history .
Animated films in the United States date back to at least 1906 when Vitagraph released `` Humorous Phases of Funny Faces '' .	Although early animations were rudimentary they rapidly became more sophisticated with such classics as `` Gertie the Dinosaur '' in 1914 , Felix the Cat , and Koko the Clown .
She was elected mayor of the pre-amalgamation City of Toronto in 1994 , and held office until December 31 , 1997 .	On November 28 , 2005 , Hall was appointed chief commissioner of the Ontario Human Rights Commission .
Joshua Benjamin Jeyaretnam ( 5 January 1926 – 30 September 2008 ) , more commonly known as J .	B. Jeyaretnam or J.B.J. , was a Singaporean politician and lawyer .
Turhan Pasha Përmeti ( 1839 – 18 February 1927 ) was an Albanian politician who served as the 3rd Prime Minister of Albania .	He held the title of Pasha of the Ottoman Empire .
Prior to 1832 the rock was the property of the Quane family until John Quane , Attorney General of the Isle of Man , presented the rock to Sir William Hillary , in his capacity as President of the Isle of Man District of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution to build the Tower of Refuge .	Since then the custody of St Mary 's Isle has been held by each president of the local lifeboat association .
However , if one only wants to preserve the product of smooth functions instead such a construction becomes possible , as demonstrated first by Colombeau .	As a mathematical tool , Colombeau algebras can be said to combine a treatment of singularities , differentiation and nonlinear operations in one framework , lifting the limitations of distribution theory .
Louis Zukofsky ( January 23 , 1904 – May 12 , 1978 ) was an American poet .	He was one of the founders and the primary theorist of the Objectivist group of poets and thus an important influence on subsequent generations of poets in America and abroad .
Today , Lamaze has become a popular way to get information about pregnancy , birth , and parenting through Lamaze International .	The stated goal of Lamaze is to increase a mother 's confidence in her ability to give birth , through the presentation of classes that help pregnant women understand how to cope with pain in ways that both facilitate labor and promote comfort , including relaxation techniques , movement and massage .
On this basis Kierspe celebrated its 1000th anniversary in 2003 .	Around 1490 Kierspe became the seat of the `` Heilige Feme '' , an independent jury of commoners with the right to mete out the death penalty .
The cohomology class measures the extent the bundle is `` twisted '' — and whether it possesses sections .	Characteristic classes are global invariants that measure the deviation of a local product structure from a global product structure .
Kanpur ( ; formerly Cawnpore ) is the 11th most populous urban agglomeration in India , largest urban agglomeration in Uttar Pradesh , 12th most populous city in India , and the second largest city in the state of Uttar Pradesh after Lucknow , and the most populous metropolis in Uttar Pradesh .	The city is the administrative headquarters of Kanpur Nagar district and Kanpur division .
Her outspoken opinion granted her lifelong names such as , `` The Tenth Muse '' , `` The Phoenix of America '' , or the `` Mexican Phoenix '' .	Sor Juana lived during Mexico 's colonial period , making her a contributor both to early Mexican literature as well as to the broader literature of the Spanish Golden Age .
Notre-Dame de la Garde ( literally : Our Lady of the Guard ) is a Catholic basilica in Marseille , France , and the city 's best-known symbol .	The site of a popular Assumption Day pilgrimage , it is the most visited site in Marseille .
The institute is currently headed by President Prof. Willie Donnelly .	At the time of the founding of the RTC , there were two other third-level institutions in the city , St John ’ s Seminary Waterford News and Star which notes the closing of the St John 's Seminary in 1999 and De La Salle Brothers teacher training college , but both had been closed .
The original theorem , as stated by Jean-Pierre Serre in 1955 , is more algebraic in nature , and concerns vector bundles on an algebraic variety over an algebraically closed field ( of any characteristic ) .	The complementary variant stated by Richard Swan in 1962 is more analytic , and concerns ( real , complex , or quaternionic ) vector bundles on a smooth manifold or Hausdorff space .
The Stockholm metro ( , literally : `` Stockholm 's Tunnel Rail '' ) is a rapid transit system in Stockholm , Sweden .	The first line opened in 1950 , and today the system has 100 stations in use , of which 47 are underground and 53 above ground .
The local government Advisory Neighborhood Commission ( ANC 2B ) and the Dupont Circle Historic District have slightly different boundaries .	The circle is named for Rear Admiral Samuel Francis Du Pont .
Langness ( ) is a peninsula which protrudes two kilometres at the southern extremity of the Isle of Man .	Signifying a cape or extended promontory , `` Langness '' literally means `` long promontory '' in Old Norse .
For example , Verma modules can be constructed as quotients of the universal enveloping algebra .	In addition , the enveloping algebra gives a precise definition for the Casimir operators .
It is part of the Louisiana State University System .	The school 's athletic programs , nicknamed the Pilots , are members of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics ( NAIA ) and the Red River Athletic Conference .
These cancerous cells have the ability to invade other parts of the body .	There are a number of types of pancreatic cancer .
Billed as `` The New Gershwin Musical Comedy '' , it is largely based on the songwriting team ’ s 1930 musical , `` Girl Crazy '' , but incorporates songs from several other productions as well .	`` Crazy for You '' won the 1992 Tony Award ( Broadway ) 1993 Olivier Award ( London ) and 1994 Dora Award ( Toronto ) for Best Musical .
The `` Giuseppe Garibaldi '' is the fourth ship of the Italian Navy to be named after the 19th century Italian General Giuseppe Garibaldi .	All four ships , including the missile cruiser , together with an image of Garibaldi , are depicted in the crest .
Founded in 1853 , it is Australia 's second oldest university and the oldest in Victoria .	Melbourne 's main campus is located in Parkville , an inner suburb north of the Melbourne central business district , with several other campuses located across Victoria .
The pumping station was opened by the mayoress of Shrewsbury in 1901 .	The steam-powered pumps were used until 1970 , when new electric pumps were brought into use .
Lina Marcela Medina de Jurado ( ; born 23 September 1933 ) is a Peruvian woman who became the youngest confirmed mother in medical history , giving birth at the age of five years , seven months , and 21 days .	Born in Ticrapo , Castrovirreyna Province , Peru , to silversmith Tiburelo Medina and Victoria Losea , she was brought to a hospital by her parents at the age of five years due to increasing abdominal size .
The high school was formerly located at 421-433 Glen Street .	That building , designed by local architect Ephraim Potter , currently ( 2018 ) an apartment complex , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 .
The main multiplayer game mode consists of four characters from `` Mario '' series playing a board game , with each board having a set theme .	The game also features several minigames , which are played after every set of turns .
Train services to and from the station are operated by the Swiss Federal Railways , the Bern-Lötschberg-Simplon railway ( BLS ) and the metre gauge Regionalverkehr Bern-Solothurn ( RBS ) .	Trains calling at the station include TGVs , ICEs , and international trains to Italy .
It is a widely used methodology in many disciplines , particularly cultural anthropology , European ethnology , sociology , communication studies , human geography and social psychology .	Its aim is to gain a close and intimate familiarity with a given group of individuals ( such as a religious , occupational , sub cultural group , or a particular community ) and their practices through an intensive involvement with people in their cultural environment , usually over an extended period of time .
The tensor algebra is important because many other algebras arise as quotient algebras of `` T '' ( `` V '' ) .	These include the exterior algebra , the symmetric algebra , Clifford algebras , the Weyl algebra and universal enveloping algebras .
Benjamin Earl King ( born Benjamin Earl Nelson , September 28 , 1938 – April 30 , 2015 ) , known as Ben E. King , was an American soul and R & B singer and record producer .	He was perhaps best known as the singer and co-composer of `` Stand by Mea US Top 10 hit , both in 1961 and later in 1986 ( when it was used as the theme to the film of the same name ) , a number one hit in the UK in 1987 , and no .
Echoes is a daily two-hour music radio program hosted by John Diliberto featuring a soundscape of ambient , space , electronica , and new-age music .	The program features in-depth artist interviews and intimate `` living room '' performances .
The town is known for its colonial architecture , including some Art Nouveau work , and for wildlife including seals , penguins , flamingos and ostriches .	It is also home to a museum , and lies at the end of a decommissioned railway line to Keetmanshoop .
Webbing is a strong fabric woven as a flat strip or tube of varying width and fibres , often used in place of rope .	It is a versatile component used in climbing , slacklining , furniture manufacturing , automobile safety , auto racing , towing , parachuting , military apparel , load securing , and many other fields .
Electronic civil disobedience ( also known as ECD , cyber civil disobedience or cyber disobedience ) , can refer to any type of civil disobedience in which the participants use information technology to carry out their actions .	Electronic civil disobedience often involves computers and the Internet and may also be known as hacktivism .
Since their formation in 1994 , the group has had two name changes , being previously known as Sleep of Right and Ethereal .	Inspired by the combination of gothic imagery and music , the members have been known , musically , for composing mid-tempo songs consisting of prominent guitar lines and contrasting dual female/male vocal harmonies to help create a melodic , detached sound .
Dark wave compositions are largely based on minor key tonality and introspective lyrics , and have been perceived as being dark , romantic , and bleak , with an undertone of sorrow .	Common features include the use of chordophones such as electric and acoustic guitar , violin , and piano , as well as electronic instruments such as synthesizer , sampler , and drum machine .
Dark Horse Comics owned the license to publish `` Star Wars '' comics from Lucasfilm exclusively from 1991 to 2014 .	The only comics considered canon are those released since 2015 .
It houses offices and conference rooms as well as ceremonial halls , and the luxury restaurant `` Stadshuskällaren '' .	It is the venue of the Nobel Prize banquet and is one of Stockholm 's major tourist attractions .
She was one of the first American women of color to have a play publicly performed .	Angelina Weld Grimké was born in Boston , Massachusetts , in 1880 to a biracial family .
Sir Cecil Walter Hardy Beaton CBE ( 14 January 1904 – 18 January 1980 ) was an English fashion , portrait and war photographer , diarist , painter , interior designer and an Oscar–winning stage and costume designer for films and the theatre .	Beaton was born on 14 January 1904 in Hampstead , the son of Ernest Walter Hardy Beaton ( 1867–1936 ) , a prosperous timber merchant , and his wife , Esther `` Etty '' Sisson ( 1872–1962 ) .
It has a distinctive instrumentation , musical genre , performance and singing styles , and clothing .	From the 19th to 20th century , migrations from rural areas into Guadalajara , along with the Mexican government 's cultural promotion gradually re-labeled it as `` Son '' style , with its alternative name of “ mariachi ” becoming used for the “ urban ” form .
The System of the World is a novel by Neal Stephenson and is the third and final volume in `` The Baroque Cycle '' .	The title alludes to the third volume of Isaac Newton 's `` Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica '' , which bears the same name .
For example , following the discovery of a previously unknown gene in the mouse , a scientist will typically perform a BLAST search of the human genome to see if humans carry a similar gene ; BLAST will identify sequences in the human genome that resemble the mouse gene based on similarity of sequence .	The BLAST algorithm and program were designed by Stephen Altschul , Warren Gish , Webb Miller , Eugene Myers , and David J. Lipman at the National Institutes of Health and was published in the `` Journal of Molecular Biology '' in 1990 and cited over 50,000 times .
X.400 is a suite of ITU-T Recommendations that define standards for Data Communication Networks for Message Handling Systems ( MHS ) — more commonly known as email .	At one time , the designers of X.400 were expecting it to be the predominant form of email , but this role has been taken by the SMTP-based Internet e-mail .
Worldshops are often not-for-profit organizations and run by locally based volunteer networks .	Although the movement emerged in Europe and a vast majority of worldshops are still based on the continent , worldshops can also be found today in North America , Australia , Israel and New Zealand .
It is the only Joy Division album released during lead singer Ian Curtis 's lifetime .	Factory Records did not release any singles from `` Unknown Pleasures '' , and the album did not chart despite the relative success of the group 's non-album debut single `` Transmission '' .
They are usually derived from B lymphocytes , classically considered crippled germinal center B cells , meaning they have not undergone hypermutation to express their antibody .	Seen against a sea of B cells , they give the tissue a moth-eaten appearance .
Don Gonyea ( ; born 1956 ) is an American journalist .	He currently serves as the national political correspondent for National Public Radio 's `` All Things Considered '' , `` Morning Edition '' , `` Weekend Edition '' , and `` Here and Now '' programs .
It is named after Denis Parsons Burkitt , a surgeon who first described the disease in 1958 while working in equatorial Africa .	The overall cure rate for Burkitt 's lymphoma in developed countries is about 90 % , but worse in low-income countries .
Silko was a debut recipient of the MacArthur Foundation Grant in 1981 and the Native Writers ' Circle of the Americas Lifetime Achievement Award in 1994 .	She currently resides in Tucson , Arizona .
This list includes authors who are Alaskan Native , American Indian , First Nations , Inuit , Métis , and Indigenous peoples of Mexico , the Caribbean , Central America , and South America .	Indigenous identity is a complex and contested issue and differs from country to country in the Americas .
The album was also associated with International Space Year , for which They Might Be Giants were declared the official `` musical ambassadors '' by NASA .	The album marked the first conscious effort by John Linnell and John Flansburgh to branch out of their early sound , opting for more traditional rock rhythms and fuller arrangements .
The Honorable Service Lapel Button , sometimes called the Honorable Service Lapel Pin , was awarded to United States military service members who were discharged under honorable conditions during World War II .	The award is sometimes colloquially called the Ruptured Duck .
Vizenor also taught for many years at the University of California , Berkeley , where he was Director of Native American Studies .	With more than 30 books published , Vizenor is Professor Emeritus at the University of California , Berkeley , and Professor of American Studies at the University of New Mexico .
He was raised on the Meskwaki Tribal Settlement near Tama , IA .	Young Bear 's great-great grandfather , Maminwanike , purchased the land that the Meskwaki Settlement was built on .
Adobe Creative Suite ( CS ) is a now-discontinued software suite of graphic design , video editing , and web development applications developed by Adobe Systems .	Each edition consisted of several Adobe applications , e.g. , Photoshop , Acrobat , Premiere Pro or After Effects , InDesign , and Illustrator that are the industry standard applications for many graphic design positions .
These programs include : education , welfare , Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , Defense .	On July 14 , 1978 , economist Alan Greenspan testified to the U.S. Finance Committee : `` Let us remember that the basic purpose of any tax cut program in today 's environment is to reduce the momentum of expenditure growth by restraining the amount of revenue available and trust that there is a political limit to deficit spending . ''
His son Jesse Boot transformed the company into a retailer known throughout the world .	Boot was born in Radcliffe on Trent in 1815 and was a farm worker until illness forced him to change career .
A number of her books are translated into Danish , Finnish , French , English , German and Dutch .	In her books she discussed the equal rights of men and women and spoke against animal testing and for vegetarianism .
He is best known for his distinctive vignettes of English gardens , landscapes , and architecture .	On his own or in partnership with his wife , the artist and writer Olive Cook , he authored or contributed to numerous books during his lifetime and his photographs are still regularly used today .
Long QT syndrome ( LQTS ) is a condition which affects repolarization of the heart after a heartbeat .	This results in an increased risk of an irregular heartbeat which can result in palpitations , fainting , drowning , or sudden death .
In the Latter Day Saint movement , an apostle is a `` special witness of the name of Jesus Christ who is sent to teach the principles of salvation to others . ''	In many Latter Day Saint churches , an apostle is a priesthood office of high authority within the church hierarchy .
He devoted great attention to the museum of the university , the Natural History Museum of the University of Pisa , and formed one of the finest natural history collections in Europe .	Savi was regarded as the father of Italian geology .
Invariant theory is a branch of abstract algebra dealing with actions of groups on algebraic varieties , such as vector spaces , from the point of view of their effect on functions .	Classically , the theory dealt with the question of explicit description of polynomial functions that do not change , or are `` invariant '' , under the transformations from a given linear group .
The French Revolution was a period in the history of France covering the years 1789 to 1799 , in which republicans overthrew the Bourbon monarchy and the Roman Catholic Church in France perforce underwent radical restructuring .	This article covers the one-year period from 1 October 1791 to September 1792 , during which France was governed by the Legislative Assembly , operating under the French Constitution of 1791 , between the periods of the National Constituent Assembly and of the National Convention .
In mono , only one loudspeaker is necessary , but , when played through multiple loudspeakers or headphones , identical signals are fed to each speaker , resulting in the perception of one-channel sound `` imaging '' in one sonic space between the speakers ( provided that the speakers are set up in a proper symmetrical critical-listening placement ) .	Monaural recordings , like stereo ones , typically use multiple microphones fed into multiple channels on a recording console , but each channel is `` panned '' to the center .
The Anomaluridae are a family of rodents found in central Africa .	They are known as anomalures or scaly-tailed squirrels .
In 1960 , Bueno became the first woman ever to win a calendar-year Grand Slam in doubles ( all four majors in a year ) , three of them with Darlene Hard and one with Christine Truman .	Bueno was born in São Paulo .
They have performed remixes for Scooter , Erasure , Dannii Minogue , Lasgo , Flip & Fill , Robert Palmer and Shania Twain .	LMC is best known for the track `` Take Me to the Clouds Above '' which featured a sample from `` How Will I Know '' by Whitney Houston , and `` With or Without You '' by U2 which topped the UK Singles Chart in early 2004 , as well as going top 5 in Ireland and top 10 in Australia .
Members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles are apostles , with the calling to be prophets , seers , and revelators , evangelical ambassadors , and special witnesses of Jesus Christ .	The quorum was first organized in 1835 and designated as a body of `` traveling councilors '' with jurisdiction outside areas where the church was formally organized , equal in authority to the First Presidency , the Seventy , the standing Presiding High Council , and the high councils of the various stakes .
For a usual fee of ten cents , people could view realistic images of nature , history , and science themes .	The two lenses are used to dissolve between images when projected .
He studied oriental languages at the universities of Jena and Leipzig , and in 1690 he was called to the chair of oriental languages at Helmstedt .	He resigned his position in 1727 , but lived at Helmstedt until his death .
He graduated at Columbian University , ( now , George Washington University ) Washington , D.C. , in 1861 , and at the Medical school of that institution in 1863 .	He served as a medical cadet in Washington in 1862–1863 , and in 1864 was appointed assistant-surgeon in the regular army , and assigned to Fort Whipple , Arizona .
Defenders of the publication have said the `` Sport '' was never intended to be taken seriously : it has featured such stories as a London Bus being discovered at the Antarctic , a World War II Bomber on the Moon , or a statue of Elvis Presley on Mars .	Its content also includes a high quotient of softcore female nudity and advertising for sexual services .
Sarah Josepha Buell Hale ( October 24 , 1788 – April 30 , 1879 ) was an American writer and an influential editor .	She was the author of the nursery rhyme `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' .
Theodora ( , c. 815 – after 867 ) was a Byzantine Empress as the spouse of the Byzantine emperor Theophilos , and regent of her son , Michael III , from Theophilos ' death in 842 to 855 .	For her restoration of the veneration of icons , which ended the Byzantine Iconoclasm , she is venerated as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church ; her Feast Day is February 11 .
Tricameralism is the practice of having three legislative or parliamentary chambers .	It is contrasted with unicameralism and bicameralism , both of which are far more common .
They toured throughout most of 1967 .	Many of their live performances featured noisy improvisations that would become key elements on `` White Light/White Heat '' .
It was the final album recorded featuring founding member and main songwriter Lou Reed , who left shortly before its release .	In 2012 , `` Loaded '' was ranked 110 on `` Rolling Stone '' s list of the 500 greatest albums of all time .
Heuglin was born in Hirschlanden ( now part of Ditzingen ) in Württemberg .	His father was a Protestant pastor , and he was trained to be a mining engineer .
Founded in 1867 by William Jefferson White , an aggressive expansionary program undertaken by the college 's 6th President Benjamin Mays , during the 1950s and 1960s , established Morehouse as the largest men 's college in the United States , with an enrollment of over 2,000 students .	The student-faculty ratio is 13:1 .
John XIV was born at Pavia , and before his elevation to the papal chair was imperial Archchancellor for Italy of Emperor Otto II .	His earliest document in that capacity dates from 28 December 980 , and the latest from 27 August 983 .
His compasses and stabilizers were adopted by the United States Navy and used in both world wars .	He also worked closely with Japanese companies and the Japanese government and was honored after his death with a biography in his honor .
There are 101 HBCUs in the United States , including public and private institutions .	This figure is down from the 121 institutions that existed during the 1930s .
The centre is owned and operated by the NEC Group , who are also responsible for the nearby Arena Birmingham , just to the west of the complex .	The building was designed by Percy Thomas Partnership and Renton Howard Wood Levin .
The scheme was abandoned after the arrival of World War II with only the Hall of Memory and half of the planned Baskerville House complete .	After the war the scheme was revived in a simpler form however the council never managed to implement the design .
All three husbands were politically active `` populares '' , tribunes , and supporters of Julius Caesar .	Though she is more famous for her involvement in Antony 's career , many scholars believe that she was politically active with all of her husbands .
She taught at The Slade School of Fine Art , UCL from 1968 until 1999 .	Over the last twenty years Jaray has completed a succession of major public art projects .
It was seen as being the main fanzine of Pink Floyd during the time of its publication .	Journalist Stuart Maconie wrote about `` The Amazing Pudding '' as part of a feature in the April 1993 issue of Q .
Hamilton 's second career as an author began after her retirement from Bryn Mawr School in 1922 .	She was sixty-two years old when her first book , `` The Greek Way , '' was published in 1930 .
Together with Pierre Stasse , Gendebien won the sixth running of the Tulip Rally in Zandvoort in April 1954 .	Their car was an Alfa Romeo 1900 TI .
Frequently the crag serves as a partial shelter to softer material in the wake of the glacier , which remains as a gradual fan or ridge forming a tapered ramp ( called the tail ) up the leeward side of the crag .	In older examples , or those latterly surrounded by the sea , the tail is often missing , having been removed by post-glacial erosion .
Arkansas is divided into 75 counties and contains 502 incorporated municipalities consisting of cities and towns .	Arkansas municipalities are divided into three categories based on population .
Her solo singles , sometimes dealing with lost love included `` Stop !	`` , `` This Feeling '' , `` Can I Get a Witness '' , `` Kissing Gate '' , `` With a Little Love '' and `` Just Good Friends '' .
According to some biblical chronologies , the city was conquered by King David in 1003 BCE , as indicated by the academic consensus , or according to other sources like the Seder Olam in 869 BCE .	The identification of Jebus with Jerusalem has been disputed , principally by Niels Peter Lemche .
Concinnia spinosa , the Nangur spiny skink or Nangur skink , is a lizard known from two patches of dry-rainforest in South East Queensland , Australia .	It was formerly placed in the monotypic genus `` Nangura '' but was moved to `` Concinnia '' following the molecular phylogenetic studies of O'Connor & Moritz ( 2003 ) and Skinner and co-authors ( 2013 ) .
It was described as a new genus and new species by Leonhard Stejneger in 1910 and named in honor of a certain Mr. A.G. Reynolds of Gulfport , Florida , who had collected the holotype .	A unique lizard adapted to an underground existence , the Florida sand skink measures in total length and is a gray to tan color .
Species in the genus `` Nessia '' are commonly known as snake skinks .	The following nine species are recognized as being valid :
The genus `` Niveoscincus '' belongs to a clade with the genera `` Carlia '' , `` Lampropholis '' and possibly others of the `` Eugongylus '' group .	Cogger has rejected the use of the junior name `` Niveoscincus '' and recognizes the valid senior generic name `` Carinascincus '' for the group .
Hall was born as Monte Halparin in Winnipeg , Manitoba , on August 25 , 1921 , to Orthodox Jewish parents , Maurice Harvey Halparin , who owned a slaughterhouse , and Rose ( née Rusen ) .	He was raised in Winnipeg 's north end , where he attended Lord Selkirk School ( Elmwood , Winnipeg ) , and , later St. John 's High School .
The ornate soil-crevice skink ( `` N. ornatus '' ) is known to be found from the far north of Western Australia , the Northern Territory , Queensland , to South Australia .	The subspecies `` N. ornatus wotjulum '' is found in the tropical north coast and hinterland , whereas the subspecies `` N. ornatus ornatus '' is generally not .
`` Oligosoma '' belongs to the `` Eugongylus '' group of genera in the subfamily Lygosominae ; the Australian genus `` Bassiana '' appears to be fairly closely related .	The currently described species are :
The genus is endemic to Madagascar .	`` Paracontias '' is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae , which seems to be paraphyletic however .
During the Korean Empire , Emperor Gojong oversaw the partial modernization and Westernization of the military , economy , land system , education system and various industries .	Japan became wary of Korea 's modernization and industrialization attempt through Gwangmu Reforms and , after the assassination of the Resident-General Itō Hirobumi , decided to forcibly annex the Korean Empire .
Species in the genus include :	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Prasinohaema '' .
The genus `` Pseudoacontias '' is endemic to Madagascar .	All species of `` Pseudoacontias '' are large , fossorial skinks , measuring at least in snout–vent length .
At least in `` P. entrecasteauxii '' , `` P. pagenstecheri '' , and `` P. spenceri '' , a placenta-like structure is formed during pregnancy to pass nutrients to the developing offspring .	Similar mammal-like adaptations also occur in the skink genera `` Chalcides '' , `` Eumecia '' , `` Mabuya '' , `` Niveoscincus '' , and `` Trachylepis '' .
They also have a bule that runs down the side of their tail .	The genus is generally not considered valid today ; instead , recent authorities have moved the southeast Asian species to `` Lygosoma '' and the African to `` Lepidothyris '' .
This genus can be instantly identified by the presence of only four fingers in forelimbs in all the species ( instead of the usual five ) .	All the members look more or less similar and are drab dark brown to blackish in complexion with paler undersides .
The genus `` Scincella '' contains the following 34 recognized species .	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Scincella '' .
Edmund Gerald `` Pat '' Brown Sr. ( April 21 , 1905 – February 16 , 1996 ) was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 32nd Governor of California from 1959 to 1967 .	Born in San Francisco , Brown had an early interest in speaking and politics ; he earned a LL.B .
Species in the genus `` Scincus '' can be found from Arabia to the Sahara desert .	`` Scincus '' is the type genus of the subfamily Scincinae .
Genus `` Scolecoseps '' contains four species .	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Scolecoseps '' .
Sepsina is a genus of skinks ( family Scincidae ) .	The genus is endemic to southern Africa .
Sigaloseps is a genus of skinks which inhabit the moist , closed forest of southern New Caledonia .	There is some conservation concern for `` Sigaloseps '' because of mining activity taking place in the region .
The namesake of the `` Sphenomorphus '' group of Lygosominae genera , most species would probably occupy a rather basal position therein .	`` `` Hinulia '' elegans '' , described by Gray in 1838 , is unidentified , but may be `` Eulamprus tenuis '' , which is also known as `` Concinnia tenuis '' .
The main reason for a lumbar puncture is to help diagnose diseases of the central nervous system , including the brain and spine .	Examples of these conditions include meningitis and subarachnoid hemorrhage .
Parole is a temporary release of a prisoner who agrees to certain conditions before the completion of the maximum sentence period , originating from the French `` parole '' ( `` voice , spoken words '' ) .	The term became associated during the Middle Ages with the release of prisoners who gave their word .
In the UK he has sold over 3 million records .	His debut album `` Ten Good Reasons '' was the highest-selling album in the UK in 1989 , with sales of over 1.5 million .
One of five national free-to-air networks , 10 's owned-and-operated stations can be found in the state capital cities of Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Adelaide and Perth , while affiliates extend the network to regional areas of the country .	The network is owned by Ten Network Holdings , a subsidiary of CBS Studios International .
The current definition of `` Typhlosaurus '' includes five attenuate body legless lizards from southwestern Africa ( South Africa , Namibia , Botswana and Angola ) .	This is the sister genus to `` Acontias '' , which together form the well supported Afrotropical subfamily Acontinae .
Three species are recognized as being valid .	`` Nota bene '' : A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than `` Voeltzkowia '' .
In computing , end-of-file ( commonly abbreviated EOF ) is a condition in a computer operating system where no more data can be read from a data source .	The data source is usually called a file or stream .
There are many possible reasons for renting instead of buying , for example :	Short-term rental of all sorts of products ( excluding real estate and holiday apartments ) already represents an estimated €108 billion ( $ 160 billion ) annual market in Europe and is expected to grow further as the internet makes it easier to find specific items available for rent .
Launched on 4 June 1916 , it lasted until late September .	It took place in an area of present-day western Ukraine , in the general vicinity of the towns of Lviv , Kovel , and Lutsk .
Initial sponsors included Communist Action Group , Colin Roach Centre , Open Polemic , Partisan , Red Action , the Revolutionary Communist Group and Socialist Parent The founding groups argued that the likely election of a New Labour government would entrench the legacy of Thatcherism and further diminish the political influence of the working class .	The IWCA describes its ideology as stemming from the trade union collectivism of the 1970s .
The group was formed by activists who had been expelled from the Socialist Workers Party ( SWP ) for their involvement in alleged `` squadism '' ( violent actions against far right racist groups ) .	The expelled activists regrouped around a paper named `` Red Action '' .
An autopsy ( post-mortem examination , obduction , necropsy , or autopsia cadaverum ) is a surgical procedure that consists of a thorough examination of a corpse by dissection to determine the cause and manner of death or to evaluate any disease or injury that may be present for research or educational purposes .	( The term `` necropsy '' is generally reserved for non-human animals ; see below ) .
It remained focused on theology until the 17th century , when it became a center for Enlightenment scholarship .	In 1873 , it dropped its religious affiliations and became officially secular .
He denounced the Munich agreement of 1938 as meaningless , cowardly , and unworkable , as he resigned from the cabinet .	When Winston Churchill became prime minister in May 1940 , he named Cooper as Minister of Information .
He controlled the colony 's entire civil administration .	He gave particular attention to settlement and economic development , and to the administration of justice .
Marquis of Baux ( ) is a subsidiary title of the Prince of Monaco .	When possible , the title passes from the reigning Prince to the first male heir apparent or heir presumptive of the Monegasque throne .
With connections to British and Israeli mercenaries , allies among countries , countless spies and informants in the government , and its vast intelligence and surveillance network throughout the city of Santiago de Cali , the cartel was once renowned and compared to the Soviet KGB by the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , which called it , `` One of the most powerful crime syndicates in history '' , later dubbed `` The Cali KGB '' .	At the height of the Cali Cartel 's reign , they were cited as having control over 90 % of the world 's cocaine market and were said to be directly responsible for the growth of the cocaine market in Europe , controlling 90 % of the market there as well .
A directional antenna or beam antenna is an antenna which radiates or receives greater power in specific directions allowing increased performance and reduced interference from unwanted sources .	Directional antennas provide increased performance over dipole antennas – or omnidirectional antennas in general – when greater concentration of radiation in a certain direction is desired .
Omnidirectional antennas oriented vertically are widely used for nondirectional antennas on the surface of the Earth because they radiate equally in all horizontal directions , while the power radiated drops off with elevation angle so little radio energy is aimed into the sky or down toward the earth and wasted .	Omnidirectional antennas are widely used for radio broadcasting antennas , and in mobile devices that use radio such as cell phones , FM radios , walkie-talkies , wireless computer networks , cordless phones , GPS , as well as for base stations that communicate with mobile radios , such as police and taxi dispatchers and aircraft communications .
From 1972 to 1977 , he portrayed Lt. Mike Stone in the television crime drama `` The Streets of San Francisco '' .	He was later the spokesman for American Express .
Jerome Siegel ( ; October 17 , 1914 – January 28 , 1996 ) , who also used pseudonyms including Joe Carter and Jerry Ess , was an American comic book writer .	His most famous creation was DC Comics character Superman , which he created in collaboration with his friend Joe Shuster .
Radiation resistance is that part of an antenna 's feedpoint resistance that is caused by the radiation of electromagnetic waves from the antenna , as opposed to `` loss resistance '' ( also called `` Ohmic resistance '' ) which generally causes the antenna and its surroundings to heat up .	The energy depleted by loss resistance is converted to heat radiation ; the energy lost by radiation resistance is converted to radio waves .
König was born in Warth near Rabenstein , Lower Austria , as the oldest of the nine children of Franz and Maria König .	He attended the Benedictine-run `` Stiftsgymnasium Melk '' and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome , where he received his doctorate in philosophy on 9 July 1930 and then his doctorate in theology on 21 January 1936 .
When al-Ma'mun died unexpectedly on campaign in August 833 , al-Mu'tasim was thus well placed to succeed him , overriding the claims of al-Ma'mun 's son al-Abbas .	Al-Mu'tasim continued many of his brother 's policies , such as the partnership with the Tahirids , who ruled Khurasan and Baghdad on behalf of the Abbasids .
Donald Jeffry Herbert ( born Donald Herbert Kemske and better known as Mr. Wizard , July 10 , 1917 – June 12 , 2007 ) was the creator and host of `` Watch Mr. Wizard '' ( 1951–65 , 1971–72 ) and of `` Mr. Wizard 's World '' ( 1983–90 ) , which were educational television programs for children devoted to science and technology .	He also produced many short video programs about science and authored several popular books about science for children .
Watch Mr. Wizard is an American television program ( 1951–1965 ) for children that demonstrates the science behind ordinary things .	The show 's creator and on-air host was Don Herbert .
Shin Saimdang ( 申師任堂 , December 5 , 1504 – June 20 , 1551 ) was a Korean artist , writer , calligraphist , and poet .	She was born in Gangwondo Gangneungbu jugheonli bugpyeongchon ( 강원도 강릉부 죽헌리 북평촌 ) on 29 October 1504 , Ojukheon , which is her birth home as well as her mother 's side home , is being preserved well since today .
You can track changes to the articles included in this list from .	`` Note : People are listed by first name .
Yi I ( , December 26 , 1536 – February 27 , 1584 ) was one of the two most prominent Korean Confucian scholars of the Joseon Dynasty , the other being his older contemporary , Yi Hwang ( Toegye ) .	Yi I is often referred to by his pen name Yulgok ( `` Chestnut valley '' ) .
Christianity and other religions documents Christianity 's relationship with other world religions , and the differences and similarities .	Evangelical Christians believe that religious pluralism is heresy and contradicts the Bible .
Individual bodies , however , may use alternative terms to describe themselves , such as church or sometimes fellowship .	Divisions between one group and another are defined by authority and doctrine ; issues such as the nature of Jesus , the authority of apostolic succession , eschatology , and papal primacy may separate one denomination from another .
His courtesy name was Gyeongho .	Yi Hwang was born in Ongye-ri , Andong , North Gyeongsang Province , in 1501 .
It is noted for its emphasis on fresh , light , and health-conscious dishes , taking advantage of readily available produce and seafood .	In addition , California 's local cuisine incorporates elements of Latino , Spanish , Asian , and Oceanian food traditions , sometimes combined as fusion cuisine .
VII Corps was organized at the end of World War I on 19 August 1918 , at Remiremont , France and was inactivated in 1919 .	VII Corps was reactivated at Fort McClellan , Alabama 25 November 1940 and participated in the Louisiana Maneuvers staged as the US Army prepared for World War II .
It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign $ , or alternatively N $ to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies .	It is divided into 100 cents .
Prior attempts at forming an air force for Canada were the Canadian Aviation Corps that was attached to the Canadian Expeditionary Force , and a two-squadron Canadian Air Force that was attached to the Royal Air Force .	The modern Royal Canadian Air Force , formerly known as Canadian Forces Air Command , traces its history to the unification of Canada 's armed services in 1968 , and is one of three environmental commands of the Canadian Forces .
CPLP is a multilateral forum created to deepen mutual friendship and cooperation among its member states .	Through successive enlargements , the Union has grown from the seven founding states—Angola , Brazil , Cape Verde , Guinea-Bissau , Mozambique , Portugal , and São Tomé and Príncipe—to the current nine , with the self-determination of Timor-Leste in 2002 and the accession of Equatorial Guinea in 2014 at the 10th summit in Dili , Timor-Leste with the issuance of the Dili Declaration .
Inspired by Charles Babbage 's difference engine , he envisioned an electro-mechanical computing device that could do much of the tedious work for him .	This computer was originally called the ASCC ( Automatic Sequence Controlled Calculator ) and later renamed Harvard Mark I .
Cellulase is any of several enzymes produced chiefly by fungi , bacteria , and protozoans that catalyze cellulolysis , the decomposition of cellulose and of some related polysaccharides .	The name is also used for any naturally occurring mixture or complex of various such enzymes , that act serially or synergistically to decompose cellulosic material .
The station was in operation between 14 November 1943 and 30 April 1945 , when it ceased operations .	`` Soldatensender Calais '' operated on the mediumwave band on 833 kHz ( 360 metres ) , 714 kHz ( 420 metres ) , and 612 kHz ( 490 metres ) , with an associated shortwave station `` Kurzwellensender Atlantik '' created to broadcast to U-boat crews .
In 1876 , Thomas Edison set up his home and research laboratory in Menlo Park , which at the time was the site of an unsuccessful real estate development named after the town of Menlo Park , California .	While there , he earned the nickname `` the Wizard of Menlo Park '' .
The Stadium was leased by a private company the Stadium Australia Group until the Stadium was sold back to the NSW Government on 1 June 2016 after NSW Premier Michael Baird announced the Stadium was to be redeveloped as a world-class rectangular stadium .	The Stadium is owned by Venues NSW on behalf of the NSW Government .
( 2011 ) , his biography of Kennan , won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography .	Gaddis was born in Cotulla , Texas , in 1941 .
Like the later Hammond organ , the Telharmonium used tonewheels to generate musical sounds as electrical signals by additive synthesis .	It is considered to be the first electromechanical musical instrument .
The flags of several communist states , including China , Vietnam and the Soviet Union , are explicitly based on the original red flag .	The red flag is also used as a symbol by some democratic socialists and social democrats , for example the League of Social Democrats of Hong Kong , French Socialist Party and the Social Democratic Party of Germany .
On 24 October 1963 , the Lengede-Broistedt Iron Mine near Salzgitter was flooded with of muddy water after a sedimentation pond had broken its ground and the tunnels between the and levels .	Out of 129 workers , 79 escaped during the first few hours .
The title that he eventually settled on also appears in a comment made by the novel 's narrator in reference to the characters ' party-driven lifestyle : `` All that succession and repetition of massed humanity ... Those vile bodies ... '' .	The name seems to come from the Latin phrase `` Fiat experimentum in corpore vili '' ( `` Let the experiment be done upon a worthless body '' ) , which is cited by Boswell , De Quincey , Thackeray and others .
Pomerelia ( ; ) , also referred to as Eastern Pomerania ( ) or as Danzig Pomerania ( ) , is a historical region in northern Poland .	Pomerelia lay on the southern shore of the Baltic Sea , west of the Vistula river and east of the Łeba river .
Each `` sola '' represents a key belief in the Lutheran and Reformed traditions in contradistinction to the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church .	These Reformers claimed that the Catholic Church , especially its head , the Pope , had usurped divine attributes or qualities for the Church and its hierarchy .
The Angry Beavers is an American animated television series created by Mitch Schauer for Nickelodeon .	The series revolves around Daggett and Norbert Beaver , two young beaver brothers who have left their home to become bachelors in the forest near the fictional Wayouttatown , Oregon .
The word does not refer to a particular list of edible organs , which varies by culture and region , but includes most internal organs excluding muscle and bone .	As an English mass noun , the term `` offal '' has no plural form .
The term Middle or Central Pomerania can refer to two distinct areas , depending on whether it is used as a translation of the corresponding German or Polish terms Mittelpommern ( also Mittelpommerscher Keil ) or Pomorze Środkowe , respectively .	Mittelpommern or Mittelpommerscher Keil in historical and linguistical usage denote the south-central parts of the historical Duchy , later Province of Pomerania , roughly between the rivers Zarow and Ihna ( Ina ) .
She spent several months in New Mexico in 1988 in an effort to improve her English , and later studied politics and sociology at the University of Düsseldorf for four semesters , which was followed by an apprenticeship as a dressmaker until 1994 .	Her television career started in 1993 , when she was hired by music channel VIVA , hosting shows such as `` Interaktiv '' and `` Heikes Hausbesuche '' ; two years later , on 13 August 1995 , she became the host of the German chart show Bravo TV , aired by RTL II , a position she kept until summer 1996 .
In the afterword the author wrote `` at all times I have attempted to interpret the fanciful and fantastic events of these poems in a realistic way , that is , to tell the story of Gilgamesh as though he were writing his own memoirs , and to that end I have introduced many interpretations of my own devising which for better or for worse are in no way to be ascribed to the scholars '' .	The novel is told from the point of view of Gilgamesh , and is primarily ambivalent about the supernatural elements of the epic .
Fuel efficiency is a form of thermal efficiency , meaning the ratio from effort to result of a process that converts chemical potential energy contained in a carrier ( fuel ) into kinetic energy or work .	Overall fuel efficiency may vary per device , which in turn may vary per application fuel efficiency , especially fossil fuel power plants or industries dealing with combustion , such as ammonia production during the Haber process .
His major compositions , which often incorporate social and political themes , include the minimalist `` Coming Together '' and the piano variations `` The People United Will Never Be Defeated ! ''	Rzewski began playing piano at age 5 .
Roma Eterna is a science fiction fixup novel by American writer Robert Silverberg , published in 2003 , which presents an alternative history in which the Roman Empire survives to the present day .	Each of the ten chapters was first published as a short story , six of them in `` Asimov 's Science Fiction '' , between 1989 and 2003 .
The actor and film director André Charpak was his brother .	During World War II Charpak served in the resistance and was imprisoned by Vichy authorities in 1943 .
Since its origins in the Roman villa , the idea and function of a villa have evolved considerably .	After the fall of the Roman Republic , villas became small farming compounds , which were increasingly fortified in Late Antiquity , sometimes transferred to the Church for reuse as a monastery .
Spiegel was seen by some as a pioneer of the New York new-music scene .	She withdrew from this scene in the early 1980s , believing that its focus had shifted from artistic process to product .
Day was the son of a Boston merchant , and was a man of independent means for all his life .	Day 's life and works had long been controversial , since his photographic subjects were often nude male youths .
There are two subspecies , the eastern chipping sparrow and the western chipping sparrow .	This bird is a partial migrant with northerly populations flying southwards in the fall to overwinter in Mexico and the southern United States , and flying northward again in spring .
It is a member of the U15 , a group of research-intensive universities in Canada .	The university bears the name of William McMaster , a prominent Canadian senator and banker who bequeathed C $ 900,000 to its founding .
They Live is a 1988 American science fiction horror film written and directed by John Carpenter .	The film stars Roddy Piper , Keith David , and Meg Foster .
Judah Halevi ( also Yehuda Halevi or ha-Levi ; and Judah ben Shmuel Halevi ; ; 1075 – 1141 ) was a Spanish Jewish physician , poet and philosopher .	He was born in Spain , either in Toledo or Tudela , in 1075 or 1086 , and died shortly after arriving in the Holy Land in 1141 , at that point the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem .
The pagan is then mythologized as the king of the Khazars who has invited the rabbi to instruct him in the tenets of Judaism .	Originally written in Arabic , the book was translated by numerous scholars , including Judah ben Saul ibn Tibbon , into Hebrew and other languages .
The term is also used to identify peoples who speak one of the Central Shona varieties : Zezuru , Karanga , Manyika and Korekore .	Based on Clement Doke 's 1931 report , Union Shona or Standard Shona was developed from the Central Shona varieties .
Resolution 396 ) , adopting `` In God We Trust '' as the official motto .	The meaning of the phrase originates from the concept that out of the union of the original Thirteen Colonies emerged a new single nation .
Launched 18 December 1973 , the Soyuz 13 crew of Klimuk and Lebedev performed some of the experiments intended for the failed Salyut space stations from the previous year .	Unlike Soyuz 12 , the craft was equipped with solar panels to allow for an extended mission .
The value at 1 of the `` n '' th Touchard polynomial is the `` n '' th Bell number , i.e. , the number of partitions of a set of size `` n '' :	If `` X '' is a random variable with a Poisson distribution with expected value λ , then its `` n '' th moment is E ( `` X '' ) = `` T '' ( λ ) , leading to the definition :
Its original title translates to Catechism , or Christian Instruction , according to the Usages of the Churches and Schools of the Electoral Palatinate .	Commissioned by the prince-elector of the Electoral Palatinate , it is sometimes referred to as the `` Palatinate Catechism . ''
The Lower East Side is roughly bounded by the Bowery to the west , East Houston Street to the north , the FDR Drive to the east and Canal Street to the south .	The western boundary below Grand Street veers east off of the Bowery to approximately Essex Street .
The Lehmann–Scheffé theorem is named after Erich Leo Lehmann and Henry Scheffé , given their two early papers .	If `` T '' is a complete sufficient statistic for `` θ '' and E ( `` g '' ( `` T '' ) ) = `` τ '' ( `` θ '' ) then `` g '' ( `` T '' ) is the uniformly minimum-variance unbiased estimator ( UMVUE ) of `` τ '' ( `` θ '' ) .
Philip Johnson designed the interior of The Four Seasons and Brasserie restaurants .	Kahn & Jacobs were associate architects .
This list provides names given in history and traditions for people who appear to be unnamed in the Bible .	The Book of Jubilees provides names for a host of otherwise unnamed biblical characters , including wives for most of the antediluvian patriarchs .
After his death , she wrote three volumes of memoirs which reveal much about early 20th-century upper-class life .	She was officially the youngest daughter of the 8th Duke of Rutland and his wife , the Duchess of Rutland ; but Lady Diana 's real father was the writer Henry Cust .
It encourages river management that crosses political boundaries and promotes public participation in developing goals for river protection .	The Act , signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson in the height of the United States environmental era , states : '' It is hereby declared to be the policy of the United States that certain selected rivers of the Nation which , with their immediate environments , possess outstandingly remarkable scenic , recreational , geologic , fish and wildlife , historic , cultural or other similar values , shall be preserved in free-flowing condition , and that they and their immediate environments shall be protected for the benefit and enjoyment of present and future generations .
Research Natural Area is a designation for certain protected areas in the United States .	Research Natural Areas ( RNAs ) are part of a nationwide network of ecological areas set aside for both research and education .
He was educated at Merchant Taylors ' School .	As a doctor and surgeon , his speciality was in venereal disease , which gave him an unusual degree of access to , and perspective on , late Victorian aristocrats and their notions of morality .
It is divided between roaming gangs of young girls called Kangs , grouped in colour theme , and the Doctor and Mel encounter the Red Kangs .	They have just discovered the death of the last Yellow Kang and are plotting how to attack the Blue Kangs .
The in-camera effect is defined by the fact that the effect exists on the original camera negative or video recording before it is sent to a lab or modified .	So effects that modify the original negative at the lab , such as skip bleach or flashing , are not included .
It marks the final regular appearance of Sarah Sutton as companion Nyssa .	Under the Black Guardian 's instructions , Turlough sabotages the TARDIS , causing parts of it to dissolve .
It neighbours the ancient villages of Herne and Reculver and is part of the City of Canterbury local government district .	Herne Bay 's seafront is home to the world 's first freestanding purpose-built Clock Tower , built in 1837 ; from the late Victorian period until 1978 , the town had the second-longest pier in the United Kingdom .
As an astrophysicist , he researched the solar constant , research that led him to invent the solar cooker , solar boiler , solar still , and other patented solar energy inventions .	Charles Greeley Abbot was born in Wilton , New Hampshire .
The neurons in one nucleus usually have roughly similar connections and functions .	Nuclei are connected to other nuclei by tracts , the bundles ( fascicles ) of axons ( nerve fibers ) extending from the cell bodies .
The Congress had already authorized the invasion of Canada more than a week earlier , but the petition affirmed American loyalty to Great Britain and beseeched King George III to prevent further conflict .	It was followed by the July 6 Declaration of the Causes and Necessity of Taking Up Arms , however , which made its success unlikely in London .
The Geneva Protocol prohibits use but not possession or development of chemical and biological weapons .	A draft of the BWC , submitted by the British was opened for signature on 10 April 1972 and entered into force 26 March 1975 when twenty-two governments had deposited their instruments of ratification .
It solves a problem by having a population of candidate solutions , here dubbed particles , and moving these particles around in the search-space according to simple mathematical formulae over the particle 's position and velocity .	Each particle 's movement is influenced by its local best known position , but is also guided toward the best known positions in the search-space , which are updated as better positions are found by other particles .
In 1875 , the cemetery was opened and named El Panteon Civil de Dolores .	Juan Manuel Benfield founded the Cemetery in honor of his sister who died in Veracruz shortly after she had arrived from London with their parents .
They play in League Two , the fourth tier of English football .	The club won the League Two championship in 2004–05 , and promotion to the Championship through the play-offs in 2013 .
The Society for American Baseball Research ( SABR ) is a membership organization dedicated to fostering the research and dissemination of the history and record of baseball .	Established in Cooperstown , New York , in August 1971 by sportswriter Bob Davids , it is based in Phoenix , Arizona .
This village was a farming community , not unlike many others in the world .	What distinguished Hacı Osman köyü from all the other farming villages in the world was the fact that , until 1992 , it was one of the few villages where the inhabitants spoke the Ubykh language in their daily lives .
It was donated by Sir Montagu Allan of Ravenscrag , Montreal , and has been competed for since 1909 .	The current champions are the Stoney Creek Generals , who captured the 2018 Allan Cup in Rosetown , Saskatchewan .
Along with the Chesapeake Colonies , this area now roughly makes up the Mid-Atlantic states ( though with the notable exception of Vermont , which is reckoned with New England ) .	Much of the area was part of New Netherland until the British exerted their control over the region .
Marianne ( ) is a national symbol of the French Republic , a personification of liberty and reason , and a portrayal of the Goddess of Liberty .	Marianne is displayed in many places in France and holds a place of honour in town halls and law courts .
The tissue is generally examined under a microscope by a pathologist , and can also be analyzed chemically .	When an entire lump or suspicious area is removed , the procedure is called an excisional biopsy .
Most Korean temples have names ending in `` -sa '' ( 사 , 寺 ) , which means `` temple '' in Sino-Korean .	Many temples , like Sudeoksa , offer visitors a Temple Stay program .
The book comprises twenty-four essays split into four sections ( Losses , Excesses , Transports , and The World of the Simple ) , each dealing with a particular aspect of brain function .	The first two sections discuss deficits and excesses ( with particular emphasis on the right hemisphere of the brain ) , while the third and fourth sections describe phenomenological manifestations with reference to spontaneous reminiscences , altered perceptions , and extraordinary qualities of mind found in people with intellectual disabilities .
Confucianism in Korea is sometimes considered a pragmatic way of holding a nation together without the civil wars and internal dissent that were inherited from the Goryeo dynasty .	Confucius ( 孔夫子 `` Kǒng Fūzǐ '' , lit .
Robert Rowe Gilruth ( October 8 , 1913 – August 17 , 2000 ) was an American aerospace engineer and an aviation/space pioneer who was the first director of NASA 's Manned Spacecraft Center , later renamed the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center .	He worked for the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics from 1937 to 1958 and its successor NASA , until his retirement in 1973 .
When first mapped scientifically ( by E. M. Shook over a period of decades from the 1930s on ) , it comprised some 200 platforms and pyramidal mounds , at least half of which were created before the end of the Preclassic period ( 250 AD ) .	Debate continues about the size , scale , and degree by which , as an economic and political entity , it integrated both the immediate Valley of Guatemala and the Southern Maya area .
SIGCOMM is the Association for Computing Machinery 's Special Interest Group on Data Communications , which specializes in the field of communication and computer networks .	It is also the name of an annual 'flagship ' conference , organized by SIGCOMM , which is considered to be the leading conference in data communications and networking in the world .
The capture of Fort Ticonderoga occurred during the American Revolutionary War on May 10 , 1775 , when a small force of Green Mountain Boys led by Ethan Allen and Colonel Benedict Arnold surprised and captured the fort 's small British garrison .	The cannons and other armaments were later transported to Boston by Colonel Henry Knox and used to fortify Dorchester Heights and break the standoff at the Siege of Boston .
In the early 1940s , the Canadian Pacific Railway Company purchased ten bush airlines in a short time span , finishing with the purchase of Canadian Airways in 1942 , to form Canadian Pacific Air Lines .	Early management were largely bush flying pioneers , including president Grant McConachie , superintendent Punch Dickins , and Wop May , who would become a repair depot manager in Calgary .
Via the White River , the Cache is part of the Mississippi River watershed , placing the river and surrounding watershed in the Arkansas Delta .	The river supports 53 mammalian species , over 200 bird species , and nearly 50 species of reptiles and amphibians .
He was hired by Konami in 1986 for which he designed and wrote , in 1987 , `` Metal Gear '' for MSX platform , a title that laid the foundations for stealth games and his best known and most appreciated series .	The title that consecrated him as one of the most acclaimed video game designers is `` Metal Gear Solid '' , released in 1998 for PlayStation .
She was featured on VH1 's reality series `` Celebrity Rehab '' and `` Sober House ''	During the 2003 California recall election , Carey signed a contract with Kick Ass Pictures and , as a publicity stunt , they came up with the idea that Carey should run for governor .
A gap junction may also be called a nexus or macula communicans .	( Although most nerve tissues do n't have gap junctions , when found in neurons or nerves it may also be called an electrical synapse , like nerve cells in dental pulp . )
Stanisław Władysław Maczek was born on 31 March 1892 in the Lwów suburb of Szczerzec ( now Ukrainian : Shchirets ) , then in Austro-Hungarian Galicia .	His father was a lawyer , who after retiring opened chambers in Drohobycz .
The Directoire style was primarily established by the architects and designers Charles Percier ( 1764–1838 ) and Pier François Léonard Fontaine ( 1762–1853 ) .	In its use of Neoclassical architectural form and decorative motifs the style anticipates the slightly later and more elaborate Empire style , which was introduced after Napoleon established the First French Empire .
On April 30 , 2012 , `` Forbes '' Magazine listed Mr. Met as the number one mascot in all of sports .	Mr. Met was first introduced on the cover of game programs , yearbooks , and on scorecards in 1963 , when the Mets were still playing at the Polo Grounds in northern Manhattan .
87 , is a ballet composed by Sergei Prokofiev to a scenario by Nikolai Volkov .	It is one of his most popular and melodious compositions , and has inspired a great many choreographers since its inception .
Born in Quebec , he was the son of Robert McGreevy , a blacksmith , and Rose Smith .	In 1867 he was elected MP for Quebec West ( as a liberal conservative ) , and was re-elected in 1872 , 1874 , 1878 , 1882 , 1887 and 1891 .
Berczy was originally named Johann Albrecht Ulrich Moll , but following marriage changed his name .	He studied at the Akademie der bildenden Künste in Vienna and at the University of Jena in Saxony .
In vertebrates , the nervous system is segregated into the internal structure of the brain and spinal cord ( together called the central nervous system , or CNS ) and the routes of the nerves that connect to the rest of the body ( known as the peripheral nervous system , or PNS ) .	The delineation of distinct structures and regions of the nervous system has been critical in investigating how it works .
Inspired by the American doll `` Barbie '' , `` Razanne '' is aimed , according to Saadeh , to help Muslim girls develop self-esteem and to dream .	All Razanne dolls are equipped with hijab .
Through education and research , the SOA advances actuaries as leaders in measuring and managing risk to improve financial outcomes for individuals , organizations , and the public .	The SOA ’ s vision is for actuaries to be highly sought-after professionals who develop and communicate solutions for complex financial issues .
He went on to attend the University of Sydney , earning a B.S .	in physics and mathematics in 1956 .
Lynbrook High School ( also referred to as Lynbrook or LHS ) is a co-educational , public , four-year high school located in the West San Jose neighborhood of San Jose , California , USA .	It was founded in 1965 and graduated its first class in 1968 .
Its geographical code is 74 .	Prior to 2002 , Mirabel was not only a city but also comprised the Mirabel Regional County Municipality .
A Personal Identification Number , pronounced `` pin '' ; ( often spoken out loud `` PIN number '' , introducing redundancy ) is a numeric or alpha-numeric password used in the process of authenticating a user accessing a system .	The personal identification number has been the key to flourishing the exchange of private data between different data-processing centers in computer networks for financial institutions , governments , and enterprises .
The series , animated by Toei Animation , consists of 52 half-hour episodes , which aired on TV Asahi in Japan from January 19 , 1986 to January 11 , 1987 .	It focuses on the adventures of Patty Rabbit , Bobby Bear and their families , in a small utopian anthropomorphic city named Maple Town .
Its constitution was ratified in 1993 at Providence , Rhode Island .	It is composed of individuals rather than churches .
A place of worship in Greater Vancouver , the cathedral is located at 690 Burrard Street on the north-east corner of West Georgia Street and Burrard Street , directly across from the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver .	Christ Church is a daughter church of St. James ' Anglican Church .
Opened in 1860 by Edward , Prince of Wales , it was named in honour of Queen Victoria .	The park is the site of the Ontario Legislative Building , which houses the Legislative Assembly of Ontario , and the phrase `` Queen 's Park '' is regularly used as a metonym for the Government of Ontario .
Some metal varieties are enameled rather than being seasoned .	Dutch ovens have been used as cooking vessels for hundreds of years .
Abrams wrote or produced such films as `` Regarding Henry '' ( 1991 ) , `` Forever Young '' ( 1992 ) , `` Armageddon '' ( 1998 ) , `` Cloverfield '' ( 2008 ) , `` Star Trek '' ( 2009 ) , `` '' ( 2015 ) , and the upcoming `` '' ( 2019 ) .	Abrams has created numerous television series , including `` Felicity '' ( co-creator , 1998–2002 ) , `` Alias '' ( creator , 2001–2006 ) , `` Lost '' ( co-creator , 2004–2010 ) , and `` Fringe '' ( co-creator , 2008–2013 ) .
Five years later it was published in the U.S. ( MacMillan , 1943 ) .	Two sequels were published in 1943 and 1945 , completing the so-called Cosmic Trilogy or `` The Space Trilogy '' .
The NEC closely parallels Interstate 95 for most of its length , and is the busiest passenger rail line in the United States by ridership and service frequency as of 2013 .	The NEC carries more than 2,200 trains daily .
Although nominally independent , it was largely controlled by the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( RSFSR ) and its main purpose was to be a buffer state between the RSFSR and the territories occupied by Japan during the Russian Civil War .	Its first president was Alexander Krasnoshchyokov .
In 1953 he attended Mount Allison University in Sackville , New Brunswick as a student in pre-medicine .	At Mount Allison he quickly became interested in Fine Arts , especially painting .
Mary Frances Pratt , CC , RCA ( née West ; March 15 , 1935 – August 14 , 2018 ) was a Canadian painter specializing in still life realist paintings .	While her early works focus on domestic scenes , some of her later work take on a darker , more disturbing tone and have people as their subject matter .
The first French Post Office in China opened in 1862 .	Initially , the French government used ordinary French postage stamps for these offices .
The hydrogen nucleus , H , immediately protonates another water molecule to form hydronium , HO .	It is an example of autoprotolysis , and exemplifies the amphoteric nature of water .
In 1763 , Rochester moved with all but his eldest brother to Granville County , North Carolina .	At age 16 , he found a job with a local Hillsborough merchant and became partner in the business within five years .
Gradually overwhelmed by its competitor DeviantArt , Elfwood was eventually shut down some time in 2016 .	Elfwood was founded on May 1 , 1996 , by Thomas Abrahamsson , under the name of the `` Lothlorien '' project and was aimed at amateur high-fantasy artists .
NIF 's mission is to achieve fusion ignition with high energy gain , and to support nuclear weapon maintenance and design by studying the behavior of matter under the conditions found within nuclear weapons .	NIF is the largest and most energetic ICF device built to date , and the largest laser in the world .
It is rare north of its breeding range .	The species has been recorded in Fernando de Noronha islands , and more rarely in mainland South America , as a vagrant .
In 1944 he played with Norman Granz 's first `` Jazz at the Philharmonic '' concert .	Young was born in 1914 in New Orleans , Louisiana to Willis Young and Lizetta Teresa Johnson .
An object file is a file containing object code , meaning relocatable format machine code that is usually not directly executable .	There are various formats for object files , and the same object code can be packaged in different object files .
William Henry Joseph Bonaparte Bertholoff Smith ( November 25 , 1897 – April 18 , 1973 ) , also known as `` The Lion '' , was an American jazz pianist and one of the masters of the stride style , usually grouped with James P. Johnson and Thomas `` Fats '' Waller as the three greatest practitioners of the genre in its golden age , from about 1920 to 1943 .	William Henry Joseph Bonaparte Bertholoff was born in Goshen , New York .
`` Ixobrychus '' is from Ancient Greek `` ixias '' , a reed-like plant and `` brukhomai '' , to bellow , and `` minutus '' is Latin for `` small '' .	The little bittern is native to the Old World , breeding in Africa , central and southern Europe , western and southern Asia , and Madagascar .
The cell membranes of a variety of different bacteria , fungi , animal and plant cells contain aquaporins through which water can flow more rapidly into and out of the cell than by diffusing through the phospholipid bilayer .	Aquaporin has six membrane-spanning alpha helical domains with both carboxylic and amino terminals on the cytoplasmic side .
The range definition used here is used within the U.S. Missile Defense Agency .	Some other sources include an additional category , the long-range ballistic missile ( LRBM ) , to describe missiles with a range between IRBMs and true ICBMs .
The collared pratincole ( `` Glareola pratincola '' ) , also known as the common pratincole or red-winged pratincole , is a wader in the pratincole family , Glareolidae .	As with other pratincoles , it is native to the Old World .
Fate had five siblings , including two brothers , Harold and James , and three sisters , Mabel , Juanita , and Neona .	Elizabeth Marable , known as `` Lizzie , '' gave her son music lessons , both in reading music and playing piano .
The Binary File Descriptor library ( BFD ) is the GNU Project 's main mechanism for the portable manipulation of object files in a variety of formats .	, it supports approximately 50 file formats for some 25 instruction set architectures .
The term also appears in other forms , such as `` blēdsian '' ( before 830 ) , `` blētsian '' from around 725 and `` blesian '' from around 1000 , all meaning to make sacred or holy by a sacrificial custom in the Anglo-Saxon pagan period , originating in Germanic paganism ; to mark with blood .	Due to this , the term is related to the term `` blōd '' , meaning `` blood '' .
SDS information may include instructions for the safe use and potential hazards associated with a particular material or product , along with spill-handling procedures .	SDS formats can vary from source to source within a country depending on national requirements .
In 1713 Asam won the Academy 's first prize for his drawing of `` Miracle of Saint Pio '' .	In Germany , he worked with his brother Egid Quirin , a sculptor and stucco worker , on building and decorating entirely new churches ( such as the Asam Church in Munich ) or redesigning churches in the Baroque style ( Regensburg—Benedictine Monastery Church of St. Emmeram ) .
Black Lake is a reservoir located between Creston and Campti in North Louisiana .	Water feeds into Black Lake from Black Lake Bayou , a watershed that extends from north of Gibsland in Bienville Parish and south to Clarence in Natchitoches Parish through the parishes of Claiborne , Webster , Bienville , Red River and Natchitoches .
At the time of European settlement the population of indigenous inhabitants was estimated to be under 20,000 , who were hunter-gatherers from three tribes : the Wurundjeri , Boonwurrung and Wathaurong .	The area was an important meeting place for the clans of the Kulin , as well as a vital source of food , water and a sheltered Bay Area for clan meetings and annual events .
XCOFF , for `` eXtended COFF '' , is an improved and expanded version of the COFF object file format defined by IBM and used in AIX .	Early versions of the PowerPC Macintosh also supported XCOFF , as did BeOS .
The show was inspired by the 1964 movie `` The Time Travelers '' ( AIP/Dobil ) , and was creator-producer Irwin Allen 's third science-fiction television series , released by 20th Century Fox Television and broadcast on ABC .	The show ran for one season of 30 episodes .
The Bernoulli Box ( or simply Bernoulli , named after Daniel Bernoulli ) is a high-capacity ( for the time ) removable floppy disk storage system that is Iomega 's first widely known product .	It was released in 1982 .
Onset is often over months .	Typically there are no further symptoms .
The WAFL is the third-most popular league in the nation , behind the nationwide Australian Football League ( AFL ) and South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .	The league currently consists of nine teams , which play each other in a 24-round season usually lasting from March to September , with the top five teams playing off in a finals series , culminating in a Grand Final .
Its buildings were later used by the Royal Naval College , Greenwich and the University of Greenwich , and are now known as the Old Royal Naval College .	The word `` hospital '' was used in its original sense of a place providing hospitality for those in need of it , and did not refer to medical care , although the buildings included an infirmary which , after Greenwich Hospital closed , operated as Dreadnought Seaman 's Hospital until 1986 .
As a statistical rule , around 70 percent of words in any text are Anglo-Saxon .	Moreover , the grammar is largely Anglo-Saxon .
The original design of the Domain Name System ( DNS ) did not include any security details ; instead , it was designed to be a scalable distributed system .	The Domain Name System Security Extensions ( DNSSEC ) attempts to add security , while maintaining backward compatibility .
In early 1997 it was claimed on ITV 's `` World in Action '' that the original leader of Combat 18 Charlie Sargent , who at the time was on remand for the murder of fellow C18 member Chris Castle , had acted as a paid informant for the police , although no evidence for this allegation was provided .	Whilst Sargent was disowned by some of the rank and file membership of C18 , his brother Steve , also a C18 member , supported Sargent and together with David Myatt led away fifty or so like-minded members to form a separate group , the National Socialist Movement , in June 1997 .
The stations grew out of imitations of Via Dolorosa in Jerusalem which is believed to be the actual path Jesus walked to Mount Calvary .	The object of the stations is to help the Christians faithful to make a spiritual pilgrimage through contemplation of the Passion of Christ .
The bombs killed three people , including a pregnant woman , and injured 140 people , four of whom lost limbs .	On 2 May 1999 , the Metropolitan Police Anti-Terrorist Branch charged 22-year-old David Copeland with murder .
, the town had a population of 2,144 .	Longyearbyen is located in the Longyear Valley and on the shore of , a bay of located on the west coast of .
Generally , universities in the various European countries have student organizations called corporations .	The name is derived from the Latin `` corporatio '' meaning a body or group .
He was the Stasi 's number two for 34 years , which spanned most of the Cold War .	He is often regarded as one of the most well known spymasters during the Cold War .
She also developed the first successful antiviral drug , acyclovir ( ACV ) , for the treatment of Herpes infection .	Elion was born in New York City on January 23 , 1918 , to parents Robert Elion , a Lithuanian Jewish immigrant and a dentist , and Bertha Cohen , a Polish immigrant .
Sir James Whyte Black ( 14 June 1924 – 22 March 2010 ) was a Scottish physician and pharmacologist .	Black established a Veterinary Physiology department at the University of Glasgow , where he became interested in the effects of adrenaline on the human heart .
An Eephus pitch ( also spelled Ephus ) in baseball is a very low-speed junk pitch .	The delivery from the pitcher has very low velocity and usually catches the hitter off-guard .
Almere Haven has a small harbour , as well as a marina and is surrounded by large forests of poplars containing buzzards , foxes , small deer , and owls .	The closest forests are Beginbos and Waterlandsebos .
( )	Before Esau married his third wife , he had named one of his Canaanite wives after Basemath , probably because he knew of her since they were cousins .
Basmath or Basmat is a city and a municipal council in Hingoli district in the state of Maharashtra , India .	India census , Basmath had a population of 57,360 .
Studio glass is the modern use of glass as an artistic medium to produce sculptures or three-dimensional artworks .	The glass objects created are intended to make a sculptural or decorative statement .
Esau took Mahalath from the house of Ishmael to be his wife , after seeing that Canaanite wives displeased his father , Isaac ( ) .	It has been proposed by some biblical scholars that Mahalath is another name for Esau 's wife Basemath who is mentioned in Genesis 36 .
The $ 64,000 Question was an American game show broadcast from 1955 to 1958 , which became embroiled in the 1950s quiz show scandals .	The $ 64,000 Challenge ( 1956–1958 ) was its spin-off show .
Goldstein was born in Williamsburg , Brooklyn to a Jewish family .	He attended Boys High .
Fraternities of this particular type are present in Germany , Austria , Switzerland , Belgium , Hungary , Latvia , Estonia , and ( formerly ) German or German-speaking areas and other communities in Europe and Chile .	They consist of active members who are students currently enrolled in university , and the already graduated `` Alte Herren '' or `` Altherren '' ( Elder Gentlemen or alumni ) / `` Hohe Damen '' ( High Ladies ) that have once been active in these corporations and now provide guidance and the necessary financial backing to the fraternity .
Its full name is `` Coburger Convent der Landsmannschaften and Turnerschaften an deutschen Hochschulen '' .	The `` Coburger Convent '' was founded in Coburg in 1951 .
According to the Book of Genesis , Naphtali ( ; ) was the sixth son of Jacob and second son with Bilhah .	He was the founder of the Israelite Tribe of Naphtali .
The newer forms of `` Landsmannschaften '' are a kind of reform corps and most `` Landsmannschaften '' are members of the Coburger Convent .	In order to understand the history of German fraternities , it needs to be known that the first universities in Europe were established in the 12th and 13th century in Paris ( France ) , Bologna and Padua ( Italy ) , and later also in Oxford and Cambridge ( England ) .
The concept of karezza is loosely akin to maithuna in Hindu Tantra and Sahaja in Hindu Yoga .	Control of ejaculation is a key aspect of Taoist sexual practices ( known as `` cai Yin pu Yang '' and `` cai Yang pu Yin '' ) .
Their breeding habitat is brushy areas across eastern North America .	They nest either low in bushes or on the ground under shrubs .
Giuseppe Henry `` Pino '' Palladino ( born 17 October 1957 ) is a Welsh bassist .	A prolific session musician , he is probably best known for playing with The Who ( following the death of founding member John Entwistle ) from 2002 to 2016 , D'angelo from 1996 to present , and the John Mayer Trio from 2005 to present .
It is a traditional , strictly regulated épée/rapier fight between two male members of different fraternities with sharp weapons .	The German technical term `` Mensur '' ( from Latin , `` dimension '' ) in the 16th century referred to the specified distance between each of the fencers .
Retrograde ejaculation occurs when semen which would , in most cases , be ejaculated via the urethra is redirected to the urinary bladder .	Normally , the sphincter of the bladder contracts before ejaculation forcing the semen to exit via the urethra , the path of least resistance .
Shabbir Banoobhai ( born 23 October 1949 ) is a South African poet .	He was born in Durban and , after school wanted to study at University .
Elbe-Elster and Oberspreewald-Lausitz in Brandenburg , Kamenz , Meißen , Döbeln and Torgau-Oschatz .	The district was created in 1994 by merging the two previous districts Riesa and Großenhain .
His father was of Austrian descent , and his mother was of Hungarian Jewish descent ; Bott was raised a Catholic by his mother and stepfather .	Bott grew up in Czechoslovakia and spent his working life in the United States .
It is part of the Marinette , WI–MI Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Peshtigo is most famous as the site of the Peshtigo Fire of 1871 , in which more than 1,200 people perished .
Born in Vienna , Jurmann received a classical education , taking his `` Matura '' exams in 1921 .	For some time he studied medicine but in 1924 , after working as a lounge pianist in a posh hotel in the Semmering area of Lower Austria , abandoned his studies altogether in order to pursue a career in music .
Berthold Bartosch ( 29 December 1893 – 13 November 1968 ) was a film-maker , born in Polaun , in the Bohemia region of Austria-Hungary ( now part of the Czech Republic ) .	He moved to Vienna to study architecture .
The drama triangle is a social model that was conceived by Stephen Karpman , a student studying under Eric Berne , the father of transactional analysis .	Berne encouraged Karpman to publish what Berne referred to as `` '' Karpman 's triangle '' '' .
Alexander Vasilyevich Suvorov ( , `` Aleksandr Vasil ‘ evich Suvorov '' ; or 1730 – ) was a Russian military leader , considered a national hero .	He was the Count of Rymnik , Count of the Holy Roman Empire , Prince of Italy , and the last Generalissimo of the Russian Empire .
He entered the University of Königsberg when he was 15 , but later moved to the University of Berlin where he studied with Gustav Dirichlet .	Despite having his studies delayed by illness , in 1853 Lipschitz graduated with a PhD in Berlin .
Stoke Mandeville had been the location of the Stoke Mandeville Games from 1948 onwards , seen as the precursors to the Paralympic Games .	As with the 1984 Summer Olympics , the Soviet Union and other communist countries except China , East Germany , Hungary , Poland and Yugoslavia boycotted the Paralympic Games .
The 1992 Summer Paralympics ( ; ) were the ninth Paralympic Games to be held .	They were held in Barcelona , Spain .
At the time of his death , he was the wealthiest man in California , and left the majority of his estate to social and scientific causes .	James Lick was born in Stumpstown ( now Fredericksburg ) Pennsylvania on August 25 , 1796 .
Steve Wozniak , cofounder of Apple and creator of the Apple I and Apple II personal computers , believed that the 1970s were the `` Me '' generation .	He intended the Us Festivals , with Bill Graham 's participation , to encourage the 1980s to be more community-oriented and combine technology with rock music .
It is present in most of the 50 U.S. states , and is franchised in Asia and Latin America .	In 2015 , Circle K unveiled a new logo and brand identity , and Couche-Tard announced that it would deploy the brand in English-speaking Canada ( in parallel with , and in some cases rebranded from the Mac 's chain ) , and in Europe to replace Statoil .
Following a year-long break due to Eagles founder Glenn Frey 's death , Henley reformed the band in summer 2017 for the Classic West and Classic East rock festivals , hiring Vince Gill and Deacon Frey to replace Glenn .	Henley has been the only constant member of the band since its formation .
He graduated from the Rossini Conservatory at Pesaro , where he first met and sang with Renata Tebaldi , with whom he would form something of an operatic `` dream team '' of the 1950s .	His early mentors as a singer included Arturo Melocchi , his teacher at Pesaro , and Maestro Raffaelli , who recognized his talent and helped launch his career .
Patrick ( Pat ) McGuigan ( February 10th , 1935–1987 ) was a famous Irish singer born in Clones , County Monaghan .	McGuigan came into the national spotlight in 1968 , when he competed for Ireland at the Eurovision Song Contest ( as Pat McGeegan ) with the song Chance of a Lifetime , arriving in fourth place .
In the theory of formal languages , the Myhill–Nerode theorem provides a necessary and sufficient condition for a language to be regular .	The theorem is named for John Myhill and Anil Nerode , who proved it at the University of Chicago in 1958 .
In the early 1950s he contributed poems and designed covers for the literary magazines Listen and Stand and contributed translations to Chanticleer , a magazine edited by the poet Ewart Milne .	His English translation of `` A Hundred Thousand Billion Poems '' was received with `` admiring stupefaction '' by Raymond Queneau .
The Christian Heritage Party of New Zealand ( CHP , known for a time simply as Christian Heritage New Zealand ) was a New Zealand political party espousing Christian values and conservative views on social policy .	Although it never won seats in an election , it came close to doing so in 1996 as part of the Christian Coalition and briefly had a member in Parliament .
It has eventually spread around the world , first among Maltese migrants in Australia , then in Albania , in North Sudan and other countries .	M.U.S.E.U.M .
Its date of construction is uncertain , because Hadrian chose not to inscribe the new temple but rather to retain the inscription of Agrippa 's older temple , which had burned down .	The building is circular with a portico of large granite Corinthian columns ( eight in the first rank and two groups of four behind ) under a pediment .
For this rare play to be possible there must be no outs in the inning and at least two runners on base , normally with the runners going on the pitch ( e.g. , double steal or hit-and-run ) .	An unassisted triple play usually consists of a hard line drive hit directly at an infielder for the first out , with that same fielder then able to double off one of the base runners and tag a second for the second and third outs .
When Harran was captured by the alliance in 609 BC , remnants of the Assyrian army joined Carchemish , a city under Egyptian rule , on the Euphrates river .	Egypt ( a former vassal of Assyria ) was allied with the Assyrian king Ashur-uballit II , and marched in 609 BC to his aid against the Babylonians .
Queen 's House is a former royal residence built between 1616 and 1635 in Greenwich , a few miles down-river from the then City of London and now a London Borough .	Its architect was Inigo Jones , for whom it was a crucial early commission , for Anne of Denmark , the queen of King James I .
He also won the 92nd Indianapolis 500 in 2008 from pole position .	With 44 wins , Dixon has the third highest winnings in American Championship Cars history ( trailing only AJ Foyt and Mario Andretti ) , and is the leading active driver in the current IndyCar Series with 43 wins .
Humphrey was regent during the rule of Henry VI and built the palace , in 1433 , under the name `` Bella Court '' .	In 1447 , Humphrey fell out of favour with the new queen , Margaret of Anjou , and was arrested for high treason .
The medieval art of the Western world covers a vast scope of time and place , over 1000 years of art in Europe , and at times the Middle East and North Africa .	It includes major art movements and periods , national and regional art , genres , revivals , the artists ' crafts , and the artists themselves .
It has been in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 ; previously it was in Bielsko-Biała Voivodeship ( 1975–1998 ) .	Sucha Beskidzka lies in a basin , between the hills of the Beskids ( Beskid Makowski and Beskid Maly ) , on the Skawa river .
Masada is as much a `` songbook '' as a group , comprising more than 500 relatively brief compositions .	Each song is written in accordance with a number of rules , including the maximum number of staves , the modes or scales that are used , and the fact that the songs must be playable by any small group of instruments .
At the 2011 Census , the population of the town was 9,781 .	Whitchurch is the oldest continuously inhabited town in Shropshire .
New Zealand national politics feature a pervasive party system .	Usually , all members of Parliament 's unicameral House of Representatives belong to a political party .
He had a close association with fellow architect and theatre designer Inigo Jones for whom he worked as an assistant from 1628 .	Jones and Webb 's jointly designed Wilton House ( near Salisbury , Wiltshire ) with its distinctive Single and Double Cube rooms .
The Court rules on whether a State has violated an individual 's human rights , rather than if individuals are guilty of human rights violations .	The Organization of American States established the Court in 1979 to enforce and interpret the provisions of the American Convention on Human Rights .
Cophoscincopus ( common name : keeled water skinks ) is a genus of skinks , lizards in the family Scincidae .	The genus is endemic to West Africa .
They were active professionally from the early 1940s until the late 1980s , first as a live act , then on radio , then as part of `` The Army Show '' that entertained troops in Europe during World War II , and then on both Canadian and American television .	Wayne ( born Louis Weingarten ; May 28 , 1918 – July 18 , 1990 ) and Shuster ( September 5 , 1916 – January 13 , 2002 ) were well known in Canada , and were Ed Sullivan 's most frequently recurring guests , appearing a record 67 times on his show .
Johnny Wayne ( born Louis Weingarten ; 28 May 1918 – 18 July 1990 ) was a Canadian comedian and comedy writer best known for his work as part of the comedy duo Wayne and Shuster alongside Frank Shuster .	The son of a successful clothing manufacturer who spoke several languages and the eldest of seven children , Johnny Wayne was born in downtown Toronto and attended Harbord Collegiate Institute , where he met his future comedy partner , and later attended the University of Toronto .
The two would soon be performing sketches and routines at school talent shows , continuing to do the same when they both attended the University of Toronto .	By the early 1940s Wayne and Shuster began appearing on local radio station CFRB , and during World War II they joined the Canadian Army as performers , entertaining Canadian troops , and performed on the CBC Radio series `` The Army Show '' .
The road has been a major route for centuries , and seen numerous upgrades , bypasses and diversions .	The A23 begins as `` Westminster Bridge Road '' near Waterloo station .
It is long , making it the longest 2-digit A road in England .	It was formerly known as the `` Leeds–Exeter Trunk Road '' , when this description also included the A61 .
It runs from Junction 8 of the M6 at West Bromwich near Birmingham to Exeter in Devon .	Heading south-west , the M5 runs east of West Bromwich and west of Birmingham through Sandwell Valley .
For most of its length ( together with the A5011 and parts of the A50 , and A49 ) , it forms part of the former Winchester-Preston Trunk Road .	Improvements to the section of road forming the Newbury Bypass around Newbury were the scene of significant direct action environmental protests in the 1990s .
A major construction project to build the final section between Newhouse and Baillieston was completed on 30 April 2017 .	The motorway has one service station , named Heart of Scotland Services , previously Harthill due to its proximity to the village .
The A44 is a major road in the United Kingdom that runs from Oxford in southern England to Aberystwyth in west Wales .	The original ( 1923 ) route of the A44 was Chipping Norton to Aberystwyth .
One of the more common uses of the phrase is in public transportation where the movements of trains , buses , airplanes and the like can be used to generate estimated times of arrival depending on either a static timetable or through measurements on traffic intensity .	In this respect , the phrase or its abbreviation is often paired with its complement , estimated time of departure ( ETD ) , to indicate the expected start time of a particular journey .
The A57 is a major road in England .	It runs east from Liverpool to Lincoln , via Warrington , Cadishead , Irlam , Patricroft , Eccles , Salford and Manchester , then through the Pennines over the Snake Pass ( between the high moorlands of Bleaklow and Kinder Scout ) , around the Ladybower Reservoir , through Sheffield and past Worksop .
From Edinburgh , the A90 travels west and over the Forth Road Bridge , before turning into the M90 motorway .	At Perth , the M90 again becomes the A90 , now running north east to Dundee and through the Kingsway road system .
The following is a list of professional bodies in the United Kingdom .	Membership of a professional body does not necessarily mean that a person possesses qualifications in the subject area , nor that they are legally able to practice their profession .
The district was created in 1994 when the two districts Sebnitz and Pirna were merged .	In August 2008 , as a part of the district reform in Saxony , the districts of Sächsische Schweiz and Weißeritzkreis were merged into the new district Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge .
Yassini is the author of “ Planet Broadband ” ( Cisco Press , 2003 ) , a humanized look at broadband technology and its contributions to the society , as well as “ Broadband Intelligent Series ” , a series of white papers on digital services ( voice , data , video ) .	He is a worldwide speaker and is often interviewed and quoted in the press for his vision on the future of broadband .
In series 2 this island was revealed to be owned by Lt. Cdr .	Stanton .
It has also been categorized as a subgenre of strategy video games , though unlike other strategy video games , players are unable to tell specific units what to do .	The genre is also separate from construction and management simulations , because gameplay revolves around growing and utilizing their supernatural powers to indirectly influence their worshippers , such as by placing a target marker or goal for the worshippers to conquer , or affect those of their opponents , such as by creating natural disasters .
Marie to the southern end of Lake Winnipeg in the late 1790s , keeping their French name , the Saulteaux .	Growing up , Prince became a superb marksman with exceptional tracking skills learned from countless days spent hunting in the wilderness around his Indigenous reserve .
The Steel Bridge is a through truss , double-deck vertical-lift bridge across the Willamette River in Portland , Oregon , United States , opened in 1912 .	Its lower deck carries railroad and bicycle/pedestrian traffic , while the upper deck carries road traffic ( on the Pacific Highway West No .
Articuno is one of the three winged mirage Legendary Pokémon , along with Zapdos and Moltres .	It is a large bird , noted for its ability to control cold .
Zapdos was one of 151 different designs conceived by Game Freak 's character development team and finalized by Ken Sugimori for the first generation of `` Pocket Monsters '' games `` Red '' and `` Green '' , which were localized outside Japan as `` Pokémon Red '' and `` Blue '' .	Originally called `` Thunder '' in Japanese , Nintendo decided to give the various Pokémon species `` clever and descriptive names '' related to their appearance or features when translating the game for western audiences as a means to make the characters more relatable to American children .
With the advent of computer graphics , Bernstein polynomials , restricted to the interval [ 0 , 1 ] , became important in the form of Bézier curves .	The `` n '' + 1 Bernstein basis polynomials of degree `` n '' are defined as
Moltres was one of 151 different designs conceived by Game Freak 's character-development team and finalized by Ken Sugimori for the first generation of `` Pocket Monsters '' games `` Red '' and `` Green '' , which were localized outside Japan as `` Pokémon Red '' and `` Blue '' .	Originally called `` Fire '' in Japanese , it became `` Moltres '' when Nintendo decided to give the various Pokémon species `` clever and descriptive names '' related to their appearance or features when translating the game for western audiences as a means to make the characters more relatable to American children .
The Legitimists ( ) are royalists who adhere to the rights of dynastic succession to the French crown of the descendants of the eldest branch of the Bourbon dynasty , which was overthrown in the 1830 July Revolution .	They reject the claim of the July Monarchy of 1830–1848 which placed Louis Philippe , Duke of Orléans head of the Orléans cadet branch of the Bourbon dynasty on the throne until he too was dethroned and driven with his family into exile .
A story about the 1st Special Service Force nicknamed the `` Devil 's Brigade '' , the book would be turned into a motion picture of the same name .	After selling the movie rights , Adleman and his wife moved from Philadelphia to Malibu , California .
The Carolinas are the U.S. states of North Carolina and South Carolina , considered collectively .	They are bordered by Virginia to the north , Tennessee to the west , and Georgia to the southwest .
Hart worked in the finance industry and founded his own firm in 1909 .	In 1908 , he married Harriet McKay .
It is one of four living species of anteaters and is classified with sloths in the order Pilosa .	This species is mostly terrestrial , in contrast to other living anteaters and sloths , which are arboreal or semiarboreal .
Neighboring provinces are ( from north clockwise ) Nakhon Sawan , Lopburi , Ang Thong , Suphan Buri , and Chai Nat .	The word `` sing '' originates from Sanskrit `` singh '' meaning `` lion '' and `` buri '' , from Sanskrit `` puri '' meaning `` buri mueang '' `` fortified city '' or `` town '' .
Their first mention is by Homer , in his list of Trojans allies in the Iliad , and according to whom the Mysians fought in the Trojan War on the side of Troy , under the command of Chromis and Ennomus the Augur , and were `` lion-hearted spearmen who fought with their bare hands '' .	Herodotus in his `` Histories '' wrote that the Mysians were brethren of the Carians and the Lydians , originally Lydian colonists in their country , and as such , they had the right to worship alongside their relative nations in the sanctuary dedicated to the Carian Zeus in Mylasa .
Prusias I Cholus ( Greek : Προυσίας ὁ Χωλός `` the Lame '' ) ( lived c. 243 – 182 BC , reigned c. 228 – 182 BC ) was a king of Bithynia , the son of Ziaelas of Bithynia .	Prusias was a vigorous and energetic leader ; he fought a war against Byzantium ( 220 BC ) , seizing its Asiatic territory , a part of Mysia that had been in its possession for a long time .
Prusias II Cynegus ( Greek : Προυσίας ὁ Κυνηγός ; `` the Hunter '' , c. 220 BC – 149 BC , reigned c. 182 BC – 149 BC ) was the Greek king of Bithynia .	He was the son and successor of Prusias I and Apama III .
The series started with a pilot movie of the same title ( based on the detective novel `` Poor , Poor Ophelia '' by ) a week before the series debuted .	Edward Hume , who wrote the teleplay for the pilot , was credited as having developed the series based on characters in Weston 's novel .
Free Will Baptists can be found in America as early as 1727 , in connection with the labors of Paul Palmer in the Carolinas .	Both slaves and free blacks became members of the predominantly white Free Will Baptist churches in the south .
According to the National Administrative Department of Statistics , the city has an estimated population of 2.5 million .	With its surrounding area that includes nine other cities , the metropolitan area of Medellín is the second-largest urban agglomeration in Colombia in terms of population and economy , with more than 3.7 million people .
Suppose formula_1 is a sequence of functions sharing the same domain and codomain .	The codomain is most commonly the reals , but in general can be any metric space .
The Snowbirds are the first Canadian air demonstration team to be designated as a squadron .	The show team flies 11 CT-114 Tutors—nine for aerobatic performances , including two solo aircraft , and two as spares , flown by the team coordinators .
There are several basic approaches to reducing sound : increasing the distance between source and receiver , using noise barriers to reflect or absorb the energy of the sound waves , using damping structures such as sound baffles , or using active antinoise sound generators .	Two distinct soundproofing problems may need to be considered when designing acoustic treatments - to improve the sound within a room ( see reverberation ) , and reduce sound leakage to/from adjacent rooms or outdoors ( see sound transmission class and sound reduction index ) .
Administratively , Neuwerk forms a homonymous quarter of the city and state of Hamburg , Germany , and is part of the borough Hamburg-Mitte .	This quarter includes the islands of Scharhörn and Nigehörn , which are bird sanctuaries and closed to the public .
In the colloquial sense , a petition is a document addressed to some official and signed by numerous individuals .	A petition may be oral rather than written , or may be transmitted via the Internet .
He got a job as secretary to James Morrow Walsh , the Commissioner of the Yukon , where he stayed until 1902 .	In 1908 , he moved to Prince Rupert , British Columbia and soon became mayor .
Musicraft 's catalog encompassed many different musical styles , including classical music , folk , jazz , Latin , popular vocal , and calypso .	Artists who recorded for Musicraft include singer Mel Torme , vocalist Sarah Vaughan , Duke Ellington , bebop comic Harry `` the Hipster '' Gibson , pianist Teddy Wilson , blues pioneer Lead Belly , poet Carl Sandburg , Dizzy Gillespie , Georgie Auld , Artie Shaw , Buddy Greco , Billie Rogers , and others .
The United American Free Will Baptist Church is the oldest national body of predominantly black Free Will Baptists in the United States .	The Free Will Baptist Church in America grew up on two separate fronts : North and South .
Its independence was confirmed by the victorious powers through the Treaty of Versailles of June 1919 , and most of the territory won in a series of border wars fought from 1918 to 1921 .	Poland 's frontiers were settled in 1922 and internationally recognized in 1923 .
The theory states that the illusion of efficient causation between mundane events arises out of God 's causing of one event after another .	However , there is no necessary connection between the two : it is not that the first event `` causes '' God to cause the second event : rather , God first causes one and then causes the other .
Janitors ' primary responsibility is as a cleaner .	In some cases , they will also carry out maintenance and security duties .
A partition of a set `` X '' is a set of nonempty subsets of `` X '' such that every element `` x '' in `` X '' is in exactly one of these subsets ( i.e. , `` X '' is a disjoint union of the subsets ) .	Equivalently , a family of sets `` P '' is a partition of `` X '' if and only if all of the following conditions hold :
Suvari rose to international prominence for her roles in the 1999 romantic drama film `` American Beauty '' , for which she received a BAFTA Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress , and in three of the `` American Pie '' original films ( 1999–2001 , 2012 ) .	Her other notable films include `` Slums of Beverly Hills '' ( 1998 ) , `` Loser '' ( 2000 ) , `` Sugar & Spice '' ( 2001 ) , `` Rumor Has It '' ( 2005 ) , `` Stuck '' ( 2007 ) , and `` You May Not Kiss the Bride '' ( 2010 ) .
He has been called The Painter of the Revolution .	Trumbull 's `` Declaration of Independence '' ( 1817 ) , one of his four paintings which hang in the United States Capitol Rotunda , was used on the reverse of the commemorative bicentennial two-dollar bill .
The Chartered Management Institute ( CMI ) is an accredited professional institution for management based in the United Kingdom .	The major membership classes are `` Member '' , `` Fellow '' - for those with significant expertise - and `` Companion '' - the most senior grade .
The different areas of work that are covered includes constructions , health , journalism , personnel , finance , engineering , law and of course , management .	The professional institutes can help you both before and after you graduate .
All three charts are compiled by the Official Charts Company ( OCC ) .	The measurements are made by collating the returns of sales from a number of well-known music stores ( high street and online stores ) on a regular basis , and this enables a ranking to be established .
In the 2016 census , Windorah 's population had decreased to 115 , with 20.5 % of the population identifying as indigenous .	Located downstream from where the Thomson and Barcoo Rivers join to form the multi-channelled Cooper Creek , the Shire covers an area of 60,901 km² , the town has a population of 60 people , with a further 40 living at surrounding stations .
Deggial is the ninth full-length studio album by Swedish Symphonic metal band Therion in 2000 .	As with many of Therion 's other albums , `` Deggial '' features a choir and orchestra .
Leibniz 's term for these substances was `` monads '' which he described in a popular work ( `` Monadology '' §7 ) as `` windowless '' .	Leibniz 's theory is best known as a solution to the mind–body problem of how mind can interact with the body .
Lynn Swann , Lawrence Taylor , Jimmy Johnson , Bill Cowher , Paul `` '' The Big Show '' '' Wight and Rob Schneider have cameo appearances .	The movie was extremely profitable , earning $ 161.5 million in North America alone .
He rejected significant parts of Marxist theory that were based upon Hegelian metaphysics and rejected the Hegelian dialectical perspective .	Bernstein distinguished between early Marxism as being its immature form , as exemplified by `` The Communist Manifesto '' written by Marx and Engels in 1848 , that he opposed for what he regarded as its violent Blanquist tendencies .
Elephantine is from north to south , and is across at its widest point .	The layout of this and other nearby islands in Aswan can be seen from west bank hillsides along the Nile .
Electron ionization ( EI , formerly known as electron impact ionization and electron bombardment ionization ) is an ionization method in which energetic electrons interact with solid or gas phase atoms or molecules to produce ions .	EI was one of the first ionization techniques developed for mass spectrometry .
Theron testified before South Africa 's High Court during the trial of Wouter Basson for human rights crimes .	Theron told the court that he had personally caused or supervised the murders of over 200 anti-apartheid political prisoners between 1979 and 1987 .
It was the second short-haul jet airliner to enter service , following the French Sud Aviation Caravelle .	The aircraft was also produced under licence in Romania during the 1980s as the Rombac One-Eleven .
According to the 2011 UK Census , in Northern Ireland 184,898 ( 10.65 % ) claim to have some knowledge of Irish , of whom 104,943 ( 6.05 % ) can speak the language to varying degrees .	Some 4,130 people ( 0.2 % ) use Irish as their main home language .
The stick shaker is a component of the aircraft 's stall protection system , which is composed of fuselage or wing-mounted angle of attack ( AOA ) sensors that are connected to an avionics computer .	The computer receives input from the AOA sensors and a variety of other flight systems .
The exponents 1 , 2 , 5 , 7 , 12 , ... on the right hand side are given by the formula for `` k '' = 1 , −1 , 2 , −2 , 3 , ... and are called ( generalized ) pentagonal numbers .	This holds as an identity of convergent power series for formula_3 , and also as an identity of formal power series .
Ethyl carbamate ( also called urethane ) is an organic compound with the formula CHCHOC ( O ) NH .	It is an ester of carbamic acid .
The hotel has been listed by British newspaper `` The Independent '' as one of the five best `` hi-tech hotels '' .	Le Meridien Cyberport was due for completion in September 2003 , then December 2003 , and finally for March 2004 .
At such low speeds , aircraft flight control surfaces begin to lose their effectiveness .	Ailerons , in particular , are susceptible .
While the term `` totem '' is derived from the North American Ojibwe language , belief in tutelary spirits and deities is not limited to indigenous peoples of the Americas but common to a number of cultures worldwide .	However , the traditional people of those cultures have words for their guardian spirits in their own languages , and do not call these spirits or symbols `` totems '' .
During the repression under the terms of the Anti-Socialist Laws , Bebel became the leading figure of the social democratic movement in Germany and from 1892 until his death served as chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany .	Ferdinand August Bebel , known to all by his middle name , was born on 22 February 1840 , in Deutz , Germany , now a part of Cologne .
His work appeared in Gergonne 's `` Annales de mathématiques pures et appliquées '' vols .	xi and xvi ( 1820–25 ) ; in `` Crelle 's Journal '' , vols .
Bellmer was born in the city of Kattowitz , then part of the German Empire ( now Katowice , Poland ) .	Up until 1926 , he 'd been working as a draftsman for his own advertising company .
According to the Foundation , it has an endowment of $ 7.0 billion and provides approximately $ 260 million annually in grants and impact investments .	The Foundation 's stated aim is to support `` creative people , effective institutions , and influential networks building a more just , verdant , and peaceful world . ''
Theodor Liebknecht ( 19 April 1870 - 6 January 1948 ) was a German socialist politician .	Born in Leipzig in 1870 as the son of Wilhelm Liebknecht and the brother of Karl Liebknecht , Theodor Liebknecht studied law and worked as a lawyer in Berlin from 1899 on , becoming politically active after his brother 's murder in January 1919 .
Each Jāti typically has an association with a traditional job function or tribe .	Religious beliefs ( e.g .
Community members reported that the police had hurt a pregnant woman , and six days of civil unrest followed .	Nearly 4,000 members of the California Army National Guard helped suppress the disturbance , which resulted in 34 deaths and over $ 40 million in property damage .
The origins of this martial art are uncertain , but its purpose was primarily self-defence .	It was also used to settle scores , disputes and matters of honour between individuals , families , and even villages .
Conversely , on the next line , the end of `` I come to bury Caesar , not to praise him '' has an extra syllable because omitting the word `` him '' would make the sentence unclear , but adding a syllable at the end would not disrupt the meter .	Both of these are examples of artistic license .
In the Western church four outstanding `` Fathers of the Church '' attained this honour in the early Middle Ages : Saint Gregory the Great , Saint Ambrose , Saint Augustine , and Saint Jerome .	The `` four Doctors '' became a commonplace notion among Scholastics theologians , and a decree of Boniface VIII ( 1298 ) ordering their feasts to be kept as doubles throughout the Latin Church is contained in his sixth book of Decretals ( cap .
It is one type of a commercially available lactylate .	SSL is non-toxic , biodegradable , and typically manufactured using biorenewable feedstocks .
He was born on 22 January 1571 in Denton , Huntingdonshire , the son and heir of Thomas Cotton ( 1544–1592 ) of Conington ( son of Thomas Cotton of Conington Sheriff of Huntingdonshire in 1547 ) by his first wife Elizabeth Shirley , a daughter of Francis Shirley of Staunton Harold in Leicestershire .	The Cotton family originated at the manor of Cotton , Cheshire , from which they took their surname .
The data of concern to economic statistics may include those of an economy of region , country , or group of countries .	Economic statistics may also refer to a subtopic of official statistics for data produced by official organizations ( e.g .
He fought in the Russo-Japanese War in 1904–1905 .	From 1924-1926 , Itagaki was a military attaché assigned to the Japanese embassy in China .
Northern College of Applied Arts and Technology , commonly known as Northern College , is a college of applied arts and technology in Northern Ontario .	The college 's catchment area extends across .
African-Americans organized their first separate congregation in 1867 at Snow Hill in Greene County , North Carolina , the first annual conference in 1870 , and the first association in 1887 .	The General Conference of United Free Will Baptists was formed in 1901 .
Papineau had been elected speaker of the legislative assembly of Lower Canada in 1815 .	His party constantly opposed the unelected colonial government , and in 1828 he helped draft an early form of the resolutions , essentially a list of grievances against the colonial administration .
He was the father of Karl Liebknecht and Theodor Liebknecht .	Wilhelm Liebknecht was born in 1826 in Giessen , the son of Katharina Elisabeth Henrietta ( née Hirsch ) and Hessian public official Ludwig Christian Liebknecht .
Favaloro was born and raised in La Plata .	At an early age he developed a love for football , favoring Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata , a popular club in the city .
Ishiwara was born in Tsuruoka City , Yamagata Prefecture , into a `` samurai '' class family .	His father was a police officer , but as his clan had supported the Tokugawa bakufu and then the Northern Alliance during the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration , its members were shut out of higher government positions .
He was instrumental in the creation and consolidation of the New Zealand National Party , which was to dominate New Zealand politics for much of the second half of the 20th century .	In 1940 , Holland became the second Leader of the National Party , and Leader of the Opposition .
The Pig War , so called because it was triggered by the shooting of a pig , is also called the Pig Episode , the Pig and Potato War , the San Juan Boundary Dispute or the Northwestern Boundary Dispute .	With no shots exchanged and no human casualties , this dispute was a bloodless conflict .
Brant Parker co-produced and illustrated `` The Wizard of Id '' .	Hart was recognized with several awards , including the Swedish Adamson Award and five from the National Cartoonists Society .
Though produced for a beginning film class , the short had a very long life at animation festivals , launching Hertzfeldt into cult status at a young age .	In 1998 , the short won the Grand Prize Award for `` World 's Funniest Cartoon '' from the HBO U.S .
Externally , the animal appears female , but various aspects of female reproductive development are altered due to acquisition of anti-Müllerian hormone from the male twin .	Freemartinism is the normal outcome of mixed-sex twins in all cattle species that have been studied , and it also occurs occasionally in other mammals including sheep , goats , and pigs .
Founded in 1897 , Zhejiang University is one of China 's oldest , most selective and most prestigious institutions of higher education .	It is also a member of the Yangtze Delta Universities Alliance and the Association of Pacific Rim Universities .
Under a thought experiment , by assuming that there is an equal chance for one to be anyone in society and , thus , could benefit or suffer from a change , the public interest is by definition enhanced whenever that change is preferred to the status quo `` ex ante '' .	This approach is `` '' ex ante '' '' , in the sense that the change is not evaluated after the fact but assessed before the fact without knowing whether one would actually benefit or suffer from it .
Parliament repealed the Stamp Act because boycotts were hurting British trade and used the declaration to justify the repeal and save face .	The declaration stated that the Parliament 's authority was the same in America as in Britain and asserted Parliament 's authority to pass laws that were binding on the American colonies .
Because their work is necessarily mostly outdoors , they move around from place to place in the course of their labours .	The possibility exists that the lands upon which their beasts graze are not claimed as any single person 's property .
He applied for his first two patents based on work done for the General Railway Signal Corp. of Rochester , New York during the summers of his undergraduate study .	He received a National Science Foundation Fellowship to enroll in Stanford University , where he received his master 's degree in 1959 and his Ph.D. in 1962 .
The Kernels are owned by Cedar Rapids Ball Club , Inc. ( also known as Cedar Rapids Baseball Club , Inc. ) .	Cedar Rapids first began play in 1890 and have played 110 seasons through 2015 .
One species , `` T. minuta '' , is considered a noxious invasive plant in some areas .	`` Tagetes '' species vary in size from 0.1 to 2.2 m tall .
Having run for nine seasons , `` Family Matters '' became the second longest-running non-animated U.S. sitcom with a predominantly African American cast , behind only `` The Jeffersons '' ( 11 ) .	Having aired 215 episodes , `` Family Matters '' is ranked third , behind only `` Tyler Perry 's House of Payne '' ( 254 ) , and `` The Jeffersons '' ( 253 ) .
Rosmarinus is a small genus of woody , perennial herbs with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves in the family Lamiaceae , native to the Mediterranean Basin .	`` Rosmarinus officinalis '' ( rosemary ) , widespread in the Mediterranean region , and `` Rosmarinus eriocalyx '' , native to northwest Africa and southern Spain have long been widely recognized .
Today , Moon pies are made by Chattanooga Bakery , Inc. in Chattanooga , Tennessee .	The traditional pie is approximately in diameter .
Channel Islands National Park is an American national park that consists of five of the eight Channel Islands off the coast of the U.S. state of California , in the Pacific Ocean .	Although the islands are close to the shore of densely populated Southern California , their isolation has left them relatively undeveloped .
`` Edinburgh '' was built by Cammell Laird of Birkenhead .	She was launched on 14 April 1983 and commissioned on 17 December 1985 .
The latter had long held political and economic control of the region .	A lengthy war ensued between the Yucateco forces in the north-west of the Yucatán and the independent Maya in the south-east .
The definition of this integral was first published in 1894 by Stieltjes .	It serves as an instructive and useful precursor of the Lebesgue integral , and an invaluable tool in unifying equivalent forms of statistical theorems that apply to discrete and continuous probability .
Rodrigues & Cabral ( 2012 ) propose eight branches of Tupí–Guaraní :	< nowiki > * < /nowiki > Cabral argues that Kokama/Omagua is a mixed language , and so not directly classifiable , though most of its basic vocabulary is Tupi–Guarani .
Coolbrith , born the niece of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints founder Joseph Smith , left the Mormon community as a child to enter her teens in Los Angeles , California , where she began to publish poetry .	She terminated a youthful failed marriage to make her home in San Francisco , and met writers Bret Harte and Charles Warren Stoddard with whom she formed the `` Golden Gate Trinity '' closely associated with the literary journal `` Overland Monthly '' .
The letters were published as `` The Henry Root Letters '' and `` The Further Letters of Henry Root '' and a compilation volume , `` The Complete Henry Root Letters '' .	The Henry Root character inspired the ITV mini-series , `` Root Into Europe '' , starring George Cole .
They only followed the Bible .	In 1776 there was split in the Separate Baptist movement over the Arminian system .
The book , Hesse 's ninth novel , was written in German , in a simple , lyrical style .	It was published in the U.S. in 1951 and became influential during the 1960s .
Rodrigues ( 2007 ) considers the Proto-Tupian urheimat to be somewhere between the Guaporé and Aripuanã rivers , in the Madeira River basin .	Much of this area corresponds to the modern-day state of Rondônia , Brazil .
The Israel Border Police ( , `` Mišmar Ha-Gvul '' ) is the gendarmerie and border security branch of the Israel National Police .	It is also commonly known by its Hebrew abbreviation Magav ( ) , meaning border guard ; its members are colloquially known as `` Magavnikim '' ( ) .
The term Groups refers to Internet communication which is a hybrid between an electronic mailing list and a threaded Internet forum , in other words , Group messages can be read and posted by e-mail or on the Group 's webpage like a web forum .	In addition , members can choose whether to receive individual , daily digest or Special Delivery e-mails , or simply read Group posts on the Group 's Web site .
The Deschutes River in central Oregon is a major tributary of the Columbia River .	The river provides much of the drainage on the eastern side of the Cascade Range in Oregon , gathering many of the tributaries that descend from the drier , eastern flank of the mountains .
It belongs to the Tupi–Guarani language family , and has a written history spanning the 16th , 17th , and early 18th centuries .	In the early colonial period , Tupi was used as a `` lingua franca '' throughout Brazil by Europeans and Amerindians , and had literary usage , but it was later suppressed almost to extinction , leaving only one modern descendant with an appreciable number of speakers , Nheengatu .
The churches of the `` Old Baptist Union '' are General Baptist , believing in general atonement ( that in His death , Jesus atoned generally `` for the sins of all '' ) .	They historically put more emphasis on the laying on of hands , divine healing and personal holiness than some other Baptist affiliations .
The Inaccessible Island rail ( `` Atlantisia rogersi '' ) is a small bird of the rail family , Rallidae .	It is the only species in the genus Atlantisia .
Unofficially nicknamed the `` Third Herd , '' the division was first activated in 1941 , and was active in the European Theater of World War II .	The division was stationed in West Germany for much of the Cold War , and participated in the Persian Gulf War .
It lies in an area that can be viewed during a favorable libration , although the area is viewed from the side and not much detail can be seen .	It lies between the craters Harkhebi to the northwest and Szilard to the southeast .
Richard `` Ric '' Berger ( 1894–1984 ) was a Swiss professor of design , decoration , and art history .	He is best known for his numerous newspaper articles about historical monuments , mainly in the French-speaking part of Switzerland , including his own drawings of the buildings .
Carrillo Puerto was born in the town of Motul , Yucatán , 45 km northeast of Mérida , and was of partly indigenous Maya background ; he was rumored to be a descendant of the Nachi Cocom dynasty of Mayapan .	His parents were the merchant Justiniano Pasos Carrillo Puerto and his wife Adelaide Solis .
This is in contrast to shell integration which integrates along an axis `` perpendicular '' to the axis of revolution .	If the function to be revolved is a function of , the following integral represents the volume of the solid of revolution :
The associated natural isomorphisms are subject to certain coherence conditions , which ensure that all the relevant diagrams commute .	The ordinary tensor product makes vector spaces , abelian groups , `` R '' -modules , or `` R '' -algebras into monoidal categories .
It has also been the destination of PGA Tour golf tournaments and the set location for various television shows .	The town has become one of the fastest to grow in population size in Mexico .
The population was 6,952 at the 2010 census .	Rockport is located approximately northeast of Boston at the tip of the Cape Ann peninsula .
The list is also sortable by population , area , density and foundation date .	Most large cities in Japan are cities designated by government ordinance .
The shell method goes as follows : Consider a volume in three dimensions obtained by rotating a cross-section in the -plane around the -axis .	Suppose the cross-section is defined by the graph of the positive function on the interval .
Sam Adams ( born June 13 , 1973 ) is a former professional football player who was a defensive tackle in the National Football League ( NFL ) for fourteen seasons .	He played college football at Texas A & M University , and earned All-American honors .
Its main tributaries are the Qu'Appelle , Souris and Whitesand Rivers .	For early history and exploration see Assiniboine River fur trade .
The House of Welf is the older branch of the House of Este , a dynasty whose earliest known members lived in Lombardy in the late 9th/early 10th century , sometimes called Welf-Este .	The first member was Welf I , Duke of Bavaria ; he inherited the property of the Elder House of Welf when his maternal uncle Welf III , Duke of Carinthia and Verona , the last male Welf of the Elder House , died in 1055 .
He is currently a television sports commentator .	He played in Major League Baseball as a second baseman and outfielder for the Cincinnati Reds , Philadelphia Phillies , St. Louis Cardinals , and Kansas City Royals .
The group was formed in 1955 as the Greater New York Association to assume the assets of the individual associations that ran Belmont , Aqueduct , Saratoga , and the now-defunct Jamaica Racetrack .	Belmont Park is typically open for racing from late April through mid-July ( known as the Spring meet ) , and again from mid-September through late October ( the Fall meet ) .
The municipality has some small but rich continental sites including the ecotourism park of Xcaret .	Prior to the creation of the Municipality of Tulum , the municipality was situated between latitudes 20° 45 ' and 19° 46 ' north and longitudes 86° 57 ' and 88° 05 ' west , and had an area of .
After it was conquered by Mexican troops in 1901 , it was renamed `` Santa Cruz del Bravo '' before acquiring its present name .	The Sian Ka'an Biosphere Reserve lies just east of the city .
In 2014 , his popularity increased when he composed an original film score for `` Birdman '' , directed by Alejandro G. Iñárritu .	The soundtrack album was released on October 14 , 2014 .
Her mother was the Princess of Wales ( later Queen Alexandra ) , the eldest daughter of King Christian IX and Queen Louise of Denmark .	She was known as `` Toria '' to her family .
Mullah ( ; , , / `` Mollâ '' , , ) is derived from the Arabic word `` mawlā '' , meaning `` vicar '' , `` master '' and `` guardian '' .	However , used ambiguously in the Quran , some publishers have described its usage as a religious title as inappropriate .
The family consists of several species in one genus , Kuhlia .	Most are euryhaline and often found in brackish water , but the genus also includes species restricted to marine or fresh water .
It is a celebratory dramatization of the 1917 October Revolution commissioned for the tenth anniversary of the event .	Originally released as October in the Soviet Union , the film was re-edited and released internationally as Ten Days That Shook The World , after John Reed 's popular book on the Revolution .
Her father died when Eliza was still in her teens .	She was raised by her widowed mother in Greeneville , Tennessee .
Plunkett contracted tuberculosis ( TB ) at a young age and spent part of his youth in the warmer climates of the Mediterranean and North Africa .	He spent time in Algiers where he studied Arabic literature and language and composed poetry in Arabic .
The division was first activated in December 1917 in World War I , and based at Fort Ord , California for most of its history .	Although elements of the division saw brief active service in World War I , it is best known for its participation in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II where it took heavy casualties engaging the Imperial Japanese Army in the Aleutian Islands , Leyte , and Okinawa .
His pupils included Buonamico Buffalmacco .	Tafi is shown in Frederic Leighton 's `` Cimabue 's Celebrated Madonna '' ( 1853–1855 ) ; the subject matter of this painting is based on Giorgio Vasari 's account of how the `` Rucellai Madonna '' was carried from Cimabue 's home to the church of Santa Maria Novella in Florence .
He was a prominent member of the Astor family , becoming the wealthiest family member in his generation and the founder of their English branch .	Astor was the eldest son of real estate businessman William Backhouse Astor , Sr. ( 1792–1875 ) and Margaret Alida Rebecca Armstrong ( 1800–1872 ) .
For a continuous function of a single variable , being of bounded variation means that the distance along the direction of the -axis , neglecting the contribution of motion along -axis , traveled by a point moving along the graph has a finite value .	For a continuous function of several variables , the meaning of the definition is the same , except for the fact that the continuous path to be considered can not be the whole graph of the given function ( which is a hypersurface in this case ) , but can be every intersection of the graph itself with a hyperplane ( in the case of functions of two variables , a plane ) parallel to a fixed -axis and to the -axis .
The victims had all taken Tylenol-branded acetaminophen capsules that had been laced with potassium cyanide .	A total of seven people died in the original poisonings , with several more deaths in subsequent copycat crimes .
He is identified with the character of Ted L. Nancy , author of the `` Letters from a Nut '' series of books .	Marder has performed at most major theaters in the United States as opening act for Jerry Seinfeld .
Saint-Denis ( , or unofficially Saint-Denis de la Réunion for disambiguation ) is the `` préfecture '' ( administrative capital ) of the French overseas region and department of Réunion , in the Indian Ocean .	It is located at the island 's northernmost point , close to the mouth of the Rivière Saint-Denis .
The stream that runs axially through the bog drains at its eastern end into the infant Beaulieu River .	It is notable for the presence of the rare ant , `` Formica candida '' , sometimes called the shining bog ant , which was discovered there in the early 20th century by Horace Donisthorpe .
Frederic Leighton , 1st Baron Leighton , ( 3 December 1830 – 25 January 1896 ) , known as Sir Frederic Leighton between 1878 and 1896 , was an English painter and sculptor .	His works depicted historical , biblical , and classical subject matter .
Although they no longer design or fabricate chairlifts , they still provide parts and act as contractors for constructing new lifts designed by other manufacturers .	The main reason Murray-Latta entered the skilift market in the first place can be attributed to Premier W. A. C. Bennett , who promoted British Columbian business .
The roots of the Baptist World Alliance can be traced back to the seventeenth century when Baptist leader Thomas Grantham proposed the concept of a congregation of all Christians in the world that are `` baptised according to the appointment of Christ . ''	Similar proposals were put forward later such as the call of John Rippon in 1790 for a world meeting of Baptists `` to consult the ecclesiastical good to the whole . ''
The species grows on the remote Heard Island and McDonald Islands , Crozet , Prince Edward and Kerguelen Islands .	The ancestor of `` P. antiscorbutica '' probably migrated from South America some five million years ago .
Norton Point , a narrow barrier beach , connects Martha 's Vineyard and Chappaquiddick between Katama and Wasque ( pronounced `` way-sqwee '' ) .	Occasional breaches occur due to hurricanes and strong storms separating the islands for periods of time .
The name `` bonytongues '' is derived from a toothed bone on the floor of the mouth , the `` tongue '' , equipped with teeth that bite against teeth on the roof of the mouth .	The arowana is a facultative air breather and can obtain oxygen from air by sucking it into its swim bladder , which is lined with capillaries like lung tissue .
Lobo played college basketball at the University of Connecticut , where she was a member of the team that won the 1995 national championship , going 35–0 on the season in the process .	In April 2017 , she was announced as one of the members of the 2017 class of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame , alongside Tracy McGrady and Muffet McGraw .
By 1907 it was the most prolific American film production company , producing many famous silent films .	It was bought by Warner Bros. in 1925 .
From 1955 until the late-1960s , he was spoken of as a prospective Conservative leader , and was twice seriously considered for the post ; he was Edward Heath 's chief rival in 1965 .	He also held directorships in several British financial firms .
The Conservative Baptist Association of America is a Christian association of churches in the United States with each local congregation being autonomous and responsible for their own way of functioning .	The first organization of Conservative Baptists was the Conservative Baptist Foreign Mission Society ( CBFMS ) , now called WorldVenture , formed in Chicago , in 1943 .
The Good Parliament is the name traditionally given to the English Parliament of 1376 .	Sitting in London from April 28 to July 10 , it was the longest Parliament up until that time .
`` F. exsecta '' is placed in the `` Coptoformica '' subgenus within the genus and is closely related to `` Formica exsectoides '' , an American species .	Both species may form vast colony networks .
Extreme modification of mandibles is rare , except in the genera `` Myrmoteras '' and `` Polyergus '' .	However , some members show considerable evolutionary advancement in behaviors such as slave-making and symbiosis with root-feeding hemipterans .
It was initially concerned more with ballooning but after the demonstrations of heavier-than air flight made by the Wright Brothers in France in 1908 , it embraced the aeroplane .	The original club constitution declared that it was dedicated to 'the encouragement of aero auto-mobilism and ballooning as a sport . '
Dashboard Confessional 's first recording was the 2000 LP `` The Swiss Army Romance '' , initially a solo side project of Chris Carrabba while he was in the band Further Seems Forever .	The following year , Further Seems Forever , with Chris Carrabba , recorded its debut album , `` The Moon Is Down '' .
He was one of the first filmmakers to use the techniques of stop-motion and drawn animation , is considered a father of American animation , and was the first to bring many classic plays and books to the screen .	Blackton was also the commodore of the Motorboat Club of America and the Atlantic Yacht Club .
European settlement began with the Dutch in 1609 .	The `` Sons of Liberty '' destroyed British authority in New York City , and the Stamp Act Congress of representatives from throughout the Thirteen Colonies met in the city in 1765 to organize resistance to British policies .
Its main base was Mineralnye Vody Airport , which was also operated by the company .	The first airport operation was in 1925 , when a French Dornue-Comet was the sole aircraft .
The Regina Rams represent the University of Regina , located in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada , in U Sports football played under Canadian rules .	The Rams nickname is used by the university 's football team only ; all other teams at the school are named `` Regina Cougars '' .
The Yi or Nuosuo people ( historically known as Lolo ) are an ethnic group in China , Vietnam , and Thailand .	Numbering 8 million , they are the seventh largest of the 55 ethnic minority groups officially recognized by the People 's Republic of China .
The `` de facto '' official language of the United Kingdom is English , which is spoken by approximately 59.8 million residents , or 98 % of the population , over the age of three .	An estimated 700,000 people speak Welsh in the UK , an official language in Wales and the only `` de jure '' official language in any part of the UK .
At the end of his stint with the Broncos , he was the AFL 's all-time leader in interceptions with 40 .	He made the first interception ever in the AFL , in the first league game against the Boston Patriots .
AstroWorld was sold to the Six Flags Corporation by the Hofheinz family in 1975 .	Although the fourth park to be included in the Six Flags family of theme parks , it was the first park to be purchased by that company instead of being built .
The 39th Infantry Brigade Combat Team , formerly called the 39th Infantry Brigade ( Separate ) – nicknamed the Arkansas Brigade or the Bowie Team – is a infantry brigade combat team of the United States Army made up of soldiers from the Arkansas Army National Guard .	The 39th IBCT was one of fifteen National Guard brigades designated as an enhanced separate brigade .
Numbering 2.5 million , they are the 11th largest of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People 's Republic of China .	Some Bouyei also live in Vietnam , where they are one of that nation 's 54 officially recognized ethnic groups .
The Dong people , also known as Kam people ( ; endonym : ) , a Kam–Sui people of southern China , are one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People 's Republic of China .	They are famed for their native-bred `` Kam Sweet Rice '' ( ) , carpentry skills , and unique architecture , in particular a form of covered bridge known as the `` wind and rain bridge '' ( ) .
Nation first made his name as a comedy writer before becoming a prolific writer for drama , working on many of the most popular British series of the 1960s and 1970s .	He made a significant contribution to the long-running BBC science-fiction series `` Doctor Who '' from its outset , creating the villainous Daleks which established its early popularity and later devising the recurring character of Davros .
Kai was one of the original provinces of Japan established in the Nara period ] ] under the Taihō Code .	The original capital of the province was located in what is now Fuefuki , Yamanashi .
They form one of the 56 officially recognized nationalities of the People 's Republic of China , and one of the 54 officially recognized ethnic groups of Vietnam .	In Laos , the Hani are more commonly known as `` Ho '' .
He was the first player inducted whose playing career was principally in the AFL .	Alworth is also a member of the College Football Hall of Fame .
The Lisu form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by China .	In Burma ( Myanmar ) , the Lisu are recognized as one of 135 ethnic groups and an estimated population of 600,000 .
They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People 's Republic of China .	However , many Gelao are also variously classified as Yi , Miao , and Zhuang by the Chinese government .
The Lahu people ( ; Lahu : `` Ladhulsi '' / `` Kawzhawd '' ; ) are an ethnic group of China and Mainland Southeast Asia .	The Lahu are one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People 's Republic of China , where about 720,000 live in Yunnan province , mostly in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County .
Most of the Dongxiang live in the Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture and surrounding areas of Gansu Province in northwestern China .	According to the 2010 census , their population numbers 621,500 .
The name `` Sui , '' which means `` water '' in Chinese , was adopted during the Ming Dynasty .	Today , 93 % of all Sui people ( 322,000 individuals ) reside in Guizhou , China , with about half of them living in Sandu Shui Autonomous County .
After his return to Canada in 1970 , Newman was appointed Acting Director of the Broadcast Programs Branch for the Canadian Radio and Television Commission ( CRTC ) and then head of the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) .	He also occupied senior positions at the Canadian Film Development Corporation and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , and acted as an advisor to the Secretary of State .
The 2010 census gave their number as 289,565 .	The Monguor people speak the Monguor language , which belongs to the family of Mongolic languages but has been heavily influenced by both local Chinese and Tibetan dialects .
It has a dark , golden , and flaky crust , frequently accentuated by an egg wash applied after proofing .	Brioche is considered a `` Viennoiserie '' , in that it is made in the same basic way as bread , but has the richer aspect of a pastry because of the extra addition of eggs , butter , liquid ( milk , water , cream , and , sometimes , brandy ) and occasionally a bit of sugar .
National Amusements , Inc. is an American privately owned theater company and mass media holding company based in Dedham , Massachusetts and incorporated in Maryland .	It is the parent of Viacom and CBS Corporation , both of which were formed in 2006 after they were split from the original Viacom .
Another alternative for the meaning of the name “ Wheeler ” itself .	For this , it is evident , determination must be made from the earliest form on record .
A large portion of the Mulam in Guangxi live in Luocheng Mulao Autonomous County of Hechi , Guangxi .	It is believed that the Mulam are the descendants of the ancient `` Ling '' and `` Liao '' tribes that inhabited the region during the time of the Jin Dynasty .
The Daurian form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognised in the People 's Republic of China .	They numbered 131,992 according to the latest census ( 2010 ) , and most of them live in Morin Dawa Daur Autonomous Banner in Hulun Buir , Inner Mongolia and Meilisi Daur District in Qiqihar , Heilongjiang of China .
While they mostly live in Myanmar , the Kachin are called the Jingpo in China and Singpho in India ( ; also Jingpo or Singpho ; endonyms : `` Jinghpaw '' , Tsaiva , Lechi , `` Theinbaw '' , `` Singfo '' , `` Chingpaw '' ) — the terms are considered synonymous .	The greater name for all the Kachin peoples in their own Jingpho language is the `` Jinghpaw Wunpawng '' .
The Salar people ( , سالار ; , Xiao'erjing : صَالاذُ ) are an ethnic minority of China who largely speak the Salar language , an Oghuz Turkic language .	The Salar people numbered 104,503 people in the last census of 2000 .
Exonyms for Bulang include ( Yan & Zhou 2012:147 ) :	People classified as Bulang in China speak various Palaungic languages , including Blang and U .
The Maonan people 's autonyms are ʔai na : n ( a Maonan person ) , kjɔŋ na : n ( the Maonan people ) .	Their language is called va na : n ( Lu 2008:33 ) .
The word was recorded as early as 950 AD , and derives from the Proto-Germanic `` krupilaz '' .	The German and Dutch words `` Krüppel '' and `` kreupel '' are cognates .
They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by China .	Ethnically related to the Tibetans of the Mili Tibetan Autonomous County and Yanyuan County in Sichuan , the Pumi are recognized as an official minority nationality unique to Yunnan , with a population of 30,000 .
They also live in Burma .	The Achang number 27,700 , of whom 27,600 are from Yunnan province , especially Dehong Autonomous Prefecture .
They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People 's Republic of China .	They live in Xishuangbanna in Yunnan province , China .
They live mainly in the northern parts of Shan State in the Pa Laung Self-Administered Zone , with the capital at Namhsan .	The Ta'ang ( Palaung ) State Liberation Army , the armed wing of the Palaung ethnic group , began fighting against the Burmese military in 1963 .
Located less than from the Idaho border on U.S. Route 93 , Jackpot has been a popular casino gaming destination for residents of Idaho and other neighboring states since its founding .	Jackpot is located south of Twin Falls , Idaho , a city of approximately 50,000 .
The Yugur live primarily in Sunan Yugur Autonomous County in Gansu , China .	They are Tibetan Buddhists .
The Bonan people are believed to be descended from Muslim Mongol soldiers stationed in Qinghai during the Yuan or Ming dynasties .	They are agriculturalists and also knife makers .
The Oroqen people ( ; Mongolian : ; also spelt `` Orochen '' or `` Orochon '' ) are an ethnic group in northern China .	They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People 's Republic of China .
The Derung ( also spelt `` Drung '' or `` Dulong '' ) people ( ; endonym : ) are an ethnic group .	They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by China .
Amos Oz ( ; born Amos Klausner ; 4 May 1939 – 28 December 2018 ) was an Israeli writer , novelist , journalist , and intellectual .	He was also a professor of Hebrew literature at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev .
The Nanai/Hezhe language belongs to the Manchu-Tungusic languages .	According to the 2010 census there were 12,003 Nanai in Russia .
Watanabe is known for incorporating multiple genres into his anime creations .	In `` Cowboy Bebop '' , for example , Watanabe blends classic cowboy western with 1960s/1970s New York City film noir , jazz/blues music , Hong Kong action movies , and sets the entire series in space .
The Vanderbilt family is an American family of Dutch origin who gained prominence during the Gilded Age .	Their success began with the shipping and railroad empires of Cornelius Vanderbilt , and the family expanded into various other areas of industry and philanthropy .
At a young age , Wheeler had an interest in natural history , first being when he observed a moth ensnared in a spiders web ; such observation interested Wheeler that he became importunate for more nature lore .	Wheeler attended public school , but , due to `` persistently bad behavior '' , he was transferred to a local German academy which was known for its extreme discipline .
Noddy is a fictional character created by English children 's author Enid Blyton , originally published between 1949 and 1963 .	Noddy was illustrated by the Dutch artist Eelco Martinus ten Harmsen van der Beek from 1949 until his death in 1953 , after which the work was continued by Peter Wienk .
Rotorua is in the heart of the North Island , south of Tauranga , north of Taupo , east of Hamilton , and southeast of the nation 's most populous city , Auckland .	Rotorua has an estimated permanent population of , making it the country 's 10th largest urban area , and the Bay of Plenty 's second largest urban area behind Tauranga .
The ECHL ( formerly the East Coast Hockey League ) is a mid-level professional ice hockey league based in Princeton , New Jersey , with teams scattered across the United States and two franchises in Canada .	It is a tier below the American Hockey League .
`` Jedi Academy '' is powered by the id Tech 3 game engine , the same engine used by `` Jedi Academy '' s predecessor , `` '' .	In a new feature to the series , the player can modify the character 's gender and appearance , and can construct a lightsaber by choosing the hilt style and blade color .
The film is noted for its unusual pacing , which emphasizes visual composition , mood , and character over traditional narrative development .	`` L'Avventura '' was nominated for numerous awards and was awarded the Jury Prize at the 1960 Cannes Film Festival .
Because a Chewbacca defense distracts and misleads , it is an example of a red herring .	It is also an example of an irrelevant conclusion , a type of informal fallacy in which an argumenter fails to address the issue in question .
Anthropometry ( from Greek `` anthropos '' , 'human ' , and `` metron '' , 'measure ' ) refers to the measurement of the human individual .	An early tool of physical anthropology , it has been used for identification , for the purposes of understanding human physical variation , in paleoanthropology and in various attempts to correlate physical with racial and psychological traits .
Born in Tokyo to American educational missionaries , he became a leading scholar of the history and culture of Japan and East Asia .	Together with George M. McCune , a Korean scholar , in 1939 he developed the McCune-Reischauer romanization of the Korean language .
Korea was colonized by Japan beginning in 1910 .	The McCunes worked in Pyongyang and Sinch'ŏn ( Syen Chen ) .
CP then enters the urea cycle in which it reacts with ornithine ( a process catalyzed by the enzyme ornithine transcarbamylase ) to form citrulline .	A defect in the CPS I enzyme , and a subsequent deficiency in the production of carbamoyl phosphate has been linked to hyper-ammonemia in humans .
The game , developed by Rogue Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts , is an unofficial sequel to Lewis Carroll 's `` Alice '' novels .	It was designed by American McGee and features music composed by Chris Vrenna .
It is a migratory species and most winter in Africa or southern Asia .	Some remain to winter in the mildest parts of their range , for example in southern Spain and southern England .
In the Middle Ages it was within the Earldom of Lennox , an area sometimes referred to as the Lennox .	It lies on the north shore of the Firth of Clyde and the mouth of the Gareloch is close to the western boundary of the town .
João Manuel was born on 3 June 1537 in the Royal Palace of Évora and became the heir to the throne of Portugal in 1539 .	He survived his four older brothers who died in childhood but was a sickly teenager .
Brentwood is a neighborhood in Northeast Washington , D.C. and is named after the Brentwood Mansion built at Florida Avenue and 6th Street NE in 1817 by Robert Brent , the first mayor of Washington City .	He built it as a wedding present for his daughter Eleanor on her marriage as second wife to Congressman Joseph Pearson , and it stood for a hundred years before burning down in 1917 .
She is the younger sister of Manon Antoniazzi , who served as the assistant private secretary for the Prince of Wales and is now Chief Executive and Clerk to the National Assembly for Wales .	She attended Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf , and then went on to study English at Jesus College , Oxford , and joined the Civil Service after graduating .
It is located in Dean 's Yard , by Westminster Abbey .	It educates about 30 boys , aged 8–13 who sing in the Choir of Westminster Abbey , which takes part in state and national occasions as well as singing evensong every day ( except Wednesday ) and gives concert performances worldwide .
Millions of Poles lived within the Russian Empire following the military Partitions of Poland throughout the 19th century .	As Austria , Germany , and Russia took over Polish lands during World War I , many Poles were evacuated or ran away with retreating Russian troops .
`` The Player '' has many film references and Hollywood in-jokes , with 65 celebrities making cameo appearances in the film .	Altman once stated that the film `` is a very mild satire , '' offending no one .
